Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 45

Civil Appeal No 97 of 2014

Between

(1)| ENG CHIET SHOONG  
---|---  
(2)| LEE SIEW YUEN SYLVIA  
(3)| C S PARTNERS PTE LTD  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| CHEONG SOH CHIN  
---|---  
(2)| WEE BOO KUAN  
(3)| WEE BOO TEE  
  
… Respondents

Civil Appeal No 99 of 2014

Between

(1)| CHEONG SOH CHIN  
---|---  
(2)| WEE BOO KUAN  
(3)| WEE BOO TEE  
  
… Appellants

And

(1)| ENG CHIET SHOONG  
---|---  
(2)| LEE SIEW YUEN SYLVIA  
(3)| C S PARTNERS PTE LTD  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 322 of 2012

Between

(1)| CHEONG SOH CHIN  
---|---  
(2)| WEE BOO KUAN  
(3)| WEE BOO TEE  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| ENG CHIET SHOONG  
---|---  
(2)| LEE SIEW YUEN SYLVIA  
(3)| C S PARTNERS PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Contract] — [Implied contracts] — [Quantum meruit]

[Restitution] — [Quantum meruit]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Eng Chiet Shoong and others

  
v

  

Cheong Soh Chin and others

  
and another appeal

[2016] SGCA 45

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 97 and 99 of 2014  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Quentin Loh J  
3 February 2016

13 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Under what circumstances will the law award compensation for work done by a
particular party where there is no express contract? It is clear that, if an
award is to be made, it must be premised on legal principle as opposed to some
vague and general notion that it is simply just and fair to award such
compensation. This ostensibly simple issue belies a number of difficult legal
questions and even more difficult issues of application. As we shall see, the
former is (fortunately) not the focus of the present appeal although the
latter is. Indeed, the present appeal illustrates once again the crucial
importance of a granular analysis of the relevant facts in order to arrive at
a just and fair result that is simultaneously grounded in sound legal
principle.

2 We pause to observe (parenthetically) that there has in fact been much
academic writing on the legal principles relevant to this appeal. This stems –
in large part – from an “industry growth” in the law of unjust enrichment. As
this court observed in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole
executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR
801 (at [99]), “[t]he law of unjust enrichment is still developing and there
remain … many unresolved issues (and even controversies)” (see also generally,
from the Singapore perspective, Rachel Leow and Timothy Liau, “Unjust
Enrichment and Restitution in Singapore: Where Now and Where Next?” [2013]
Sing JLS 331 (“Leow & Liau”)). Whilst this is inevitable in a relatively
fledgling area of the law, the court – in dealing with real facts and real
parties – must nevertheless have a stable base of legal principles from which
to apply the relevant law to the relevant facts of the case before it.

3 On occasion, though, where the law is unclear and must be resolved in order
to resolve (in turn) the case at hand, the court will have to lay down a clear
set of legal principles (which will guide the courts in future cases as well).
It is on occasions such as these that relevant academic literature can – and
often is – of considerable assistance to the courts.

4 As alluded to above, the present appeal – fortunately – does not require a
resolution of thorny legal issues. However, as some of them were canvassed in
the course of the parties’ written and oral submissions, we will touch briefly
on them although we will not endeavour to resolve them until they are next
raised directly before the court for decision.

5 The basic facts of the present case are relatively straightforward. Indeed,
the case may not inaccurately be described as a sad tale of “fall outs”. There
was, first, the financial fall out that resulted from the global financial
crisis of 2008, which was a major factor in leading to the fall out between
the parties who had hitherto been family friends. Put simply, the Engs and the
Wees decided to combine their resources and expertise in order to bring to
fruition a funds business concept, which was termed “the WWW concept” and was
first mooted in early 2004. It was an ambitious project, which, if successful,
would have yielded enormous financial profits. The Wees, who are high net
worth individuals, were to provide the financial resources which the Engs
would manage. The Engs comprised a husband and his wife. The husband, Eng
Chiet Shoong (“ECS”) had considerable experience in fund management. The WWW
concept sought to leverage his expertise and the Wees’ capital to the
financial benefit of all concerned. To this end, ECS introduced in late 2004
or early 2005 five private equity (“PE”) funds to the Wees (“the initial PE
funds”), who committed up to US$30m to these funds (the Engs point out that
the actual commitment amount for the initial PE funds was over US$14m). During
the subsequent months, the Wees committed another US$100m to ten PE funds
(“the additional PE funds”). The Wees also took stakes in five direct
investments, which included a hotel project (“Project Plaza”). Management fees
calculated at 1.5% per annum on a US$30m commitment were set in respect of the
initial PE funds (this yielded fees of US$450,000 per annum). There were no
agreements with respect to management fees in relation to the additional PE
funds as well as Project Plaza. The WWW concept ultimately failed to
materialise, owing in part to the 2008 global financial crisis. Relationships
between the parties frayed and deteriorated. By December 2011, the Wees were
demanding the transfer of the investments to them. By February 2012, they
pressed the Engs for proper accounting. The Wees filed a claim against the
Engs, seeking a return of their investments with the latter. The Engs, on the
other hand, filed a counterclaim against the Wees for management fees and
expenses. The High Court judge (“the Judge”) held in favour of the Wees with
respect to the main claim and dismissed the Engs’ counterclaim (see Cheong Soh
Chin and others v Eng Chiet Shoong and others [2015] SGHC 173 (“the GD”)). The
Engs filed the appeal in Civil Appeal No 97 of 2014 (“CA 97”), whilst the Wees
filed the appeal in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2014 (“CA 99”) with regard to the
timeframe during which they had to pay management fees in respect of the
initial PE funds. So much by way of a brief snapshot of the proceedings.
Before we turn to a more detailed rendition of the facts, it might be apposite
to note that the issue which raises the most difficulties (and which was
alluded to at the outset of this judgment) relates to CA 97 – in particular,
what was the legal basis (if any) upon which a claim for management fees could
be successfully claimed by the Engs (and this, in turn, raised the related (as
well as important) issue as to the capacity in which the Engs had done the
work and incurred the expenses which are the subject matter of their
counterclaim against the Wees)?

Facts

6 The relevant facts have been helpfully set out in some detail by the Judge
in the GD and we have therefore, inter alia, drawn from there for the purposes
of the present judgment.

7 The Wees are members of a prominent banking family in Singapore. Cheong Soh
Chin (“CSC”) is the mother of Wee Boo Kuan (“BKW”) and Wee Boo Tee (“BTW”).
The Wees inherited considerable wealth from CSC’s husband, who passed away in
1992.

8 ECS’s wife, Sylvia Lee Siew Yuen (“Sylvia”), was the trusted private banker
to CSC’s husband for many years. Over time, the Wees came to regard Sylvia as
a trusted family friend. Even after CSC’s husband died in 1992, Sylvia
remained in touch with the Wees. ECS came into the picture in 2003, when
Sylvia introduced him to the Wees. At that time, ECS worked for the Government
of Singapore Investment Corporation (“GIC”) as a senior vice-president of GIC
Special Investments Pte Ltd, which is the arm of GIC that specialises in PE
investments.

9 The Wee brothers, while already sophisticated investors, were nevertheless
relative strangers to PE funds. ECS told them about the “obscene” profits that
could be reaped from this asset class and obliged them when they wanted to
learn more. In 2003 and 2004, ECS schooled the Wee brothers on PE funds,
including how they were structured and how fund managers and investors made
profits. He shared his expertise in investing in PE funds and told them of the
close personal relationships he enjoyed with the world’s leading PE fund
managers. He offered to introduce them to these managers so that they could
invest directly in PE funds rather than through intermediaries, which would
entail another layer of fees. Impressed by ECS’s knowledge and fascinated by
the prospect of investing in PE funds, the Wee brothers came to see ECS as
their trusted mentor in this field.

10 By early 2004, ECS hit upon the WWW concept. Under this funds business
concept, ECS, BKW and BTW would set up their own investment fund, seeded with
the Wees’ capital, find other investors for the fund, and collect management
fees from running the investment fund. The WWW concept was essentially a way
for the Wee brothers and ECS to combine the latter’s industry knowledge and
personal relationships with the former’s considerable capital and appetite for
risk to enable all parties involved to profit from PE investments both as a
fund manager and as an investor. As the WWW concept was a long-term vision and
due to their close personal relationship, the parties did not enter into any
contractual arrangements governing their rights and obligations in connection
with the steps they would take towards fulfilling the WWW concept and what
would happen if it failed.

11 The first step was to build a name and track record for themselves in PE
investments. To this end, the Wee brothers and ECS started to work towards
setting up their own PE fund. The Wees were to supply all the necessary
capital for the fund, while ECS would provide the industry expertise and
relationships, and oversee as well as manage the fund’s investments. This
initial fund was to be a fund of funds, ie, a fund that invested in other PE
funds. Once the fund had a history of good performance, it would become the
first fund under the WWW concept and the Wees would sell down part of their
investment to external investors.

12 In late 2004 or 2005, ECS introduced BKW and BTW to investment
opportunities in PE funds which were managed by some of the world’s leading
fund managers. The Judge found that the Wees made an initial investment of
US$30m in the initial PE funds and that over the subsequent months, the Wees
committed another US$100m to the additional PE funds. After ECS left his
former employer in August 2005, C S Partners Pte Ltd (“CSP”) was set up the
following month by Sylvia to provide “integrated services to families on
wealth protection and wealth creation”.

13 The Wees agreed to pay ECS an annual management fee that was calculated at
1.5% of an initial commitment amount of US$30m, or US$450,000, for managing
the initial PE funds. The initial PE funds were meant to be the Wees’ personal
fund of funds, which brought it outside the WWW concept. However, no agreement
was made to pay management fees in relation to the additional PE funds.

14 The Wees also took stakes in five direct investments, so termed as these
investments involved the acquisition of equity through special purpose
vehicles (“SPVs”) and not through investments in PE funds. The direct
investments included Project Plaza, which concerned the purchase, demolition
and redevelopment of a hotel called the Esplanade Hotel in Albany, Western
Australia. As was the case with the additional PE funds, no agreement on
management fees was made in relation these direct investments, including
Project Plaza.

15 The initial PE funds, the additional PE funds and the five direct
investments (including Project Plaza) were held through a network of 24 SPVs
controlled by the Engs but established and maintained using the Wees’ funds.
The holding structure was designed to mimic how a PE fund would hold these
investments and to facilitate an eventual sale of all or part of the Wees’
interests in these investments to incoming PE investors.

16 For various reasons, partly to do with the global financial crisis, the WWW
concept failed to take off. The parties’ personal and professional
relationships became increasingly strained. In July 2009, Project Plaza was
terminated by the Wees, in particular, BKW. By November 2011, the Wees had
decided to wind down and divest all their holdings in all of the investments.
In December 2011, the Wees demanded that the Engs transfer to them all rights,
title and interest in their investments, including control of the SPVs that
held the Wees’ investments. By the start of 2012, the parties’ relationship,
though once close, had broken down beyond repair. On 15 February 2012, the
Wees demanded full accounting and reconciliation of their investments in the
PE funds and the five direct investments. No account had been provided by
April 2012 and the Wees commenced court action on 18 April 2012. The Wees
sought, inter alia, the transfer to them of the ownership and control of their
investments, including all the SPVs holding their investments, an account of
all the money that they had entrusted to the Engs or to the SPVs, an order
allowing them to trace all such money, and an order that the Engs pay all sums
that were found to be due on the taking of the account.

17 The Engs accepted that the 15 PE funds, the five direct investments and the
majority of the SPVs through which the Wees’ entire portfolio was held
belonged to the Wees, but nevertheless opposed the Wees’ claim. They also
mounted a counterclaim in response, the result of which is the subject of the
present appeals. In the court below, the Engs’ counterclaim concerned about
US$17m in management fees and related expenses connected to their work done in
relation to the Wees’ investments over the years.

Decision in the court below

18 The Judge ruled substantially in favour of the Wees in relation to their
claim, granting them all the orders sought except for the tracing order, which
he regarded as premature (see the GD at [4]).

19 Of relevance to these appeals is the Judge’s dismissal of substantially the
whole of the Engs’ counterclaim. The Judge found that the parties were not in
a client-service provider relationship. Rather, they were joint risk-runners
working together towards the WWW concept (see the GD at [51]), with the
expectation that all their rewards would come when the WWW concept succeeded
(see the GD at [69]). This explained why the parties never had an agreement on
fees (beyond the agreement to pay management fees for the initial PE funds).

20 In the premises, he found that the Engs were not entitled to management
fees for the additional PE funds. There was no basis to imply a contract that
the Wees would pay the Engs management fees of 1.5% of the commitment amount
of the additional PE funds (see the GD at [82]). Neither were the Engs
entitled in restitution on a quantum meruit. Among other reasons, he found
that the Engs had performed their services speculatively, in anticipation of
being compensated out of the profits of the WWW concept. They therefore took
the risk that future compensation would not materialise (see the GD at [87]).

21 However, the Judge ordered that the Wees pay, as expressly agreed,
management fees of US$450,000 per annum from August 2009 until the date on
which the SPV holding the PE funds – Woolverstone Private Fund of Funds (LP)
Limited (“WPFOF”) – was transferred to the Wees, pro-rated for any part of a
year. He held that the Engs had a continuing contractual right to payment
under the parties’ agreement to pay annual management fees of 1.5% of the
initial PE commitment amount of US$30m. The Engs had managed and administered
the initial PE funds since 2005 (see the GD at [70]). Payments had been made
for the years 2005–2006, 2006–2007, 2007–2008 and 2008–2009 (see the GD at
[72] and [76]). While the Engs subsequently failed to ask for management fees,
their right to payment was unaffected by the mere failure to do so (see the GD
at [77]).

22 The Judge determined that Project Plaza was also part of the WWW concept.
Therefore, he rejected the Engs’ claim for management fees and expenses for
Project Plaza in restitution on a quantum meruit. The Engs worked and incurred
expenses with the expectation of recovering compensation through the rewards
that would come with the anticipated success of a hotel fund as part of the
WWW concept (see the GD at [98]). In so far as the expenses were concerned, he
found no overarching agreement for the Wees to foot all the expenses incurred
by the Engs for Project Plaza. Instead, the parties had entered into specific
agreements from time to time to cover specific expenses (see the GD at [99]).
Therefore, the Engs had to bear all the expenses incurred in connection with
Project Plaza, except where there had been specific agreements that the Wees
would bear these expenses. These specific agreements would be factored in
during the taking of the account.

23 The Judge also rejected the Engs’ claim for US$0.5m in breakup and
facilitation fees for the sale of certain funds (the CVC funds and PEP funds)
(see the GD at [93]–[95]), which had been sold in 2010, and another claim for
about US$319,150 for work done in administering the Wees’ other investments
(see the GD at [107]–[108]).

24 On 27 June 2014, the Engs filed CA 97 to appeal the dismissal of their
counterclaim. On the same day, the Wees filed CA 99 to appeal that part of the
Judge’s decision that required the Wees to pay management fees for the initial
PE funds even after they commenced their claim on 18 April 2012 and until the
date that their investments were returned to them.

Issues

25 In so far as CA 97 is concerned, the key issues are as follows:

(a) whether the Engs are entitled to management fees for the additional PE
funds either on an implied contract or in restitution; and

(b) whether the Engs are entitled to management fees for Project Plaza.

If we answer either question in the affirmative, an ancillary issue is the
quantification of the fees.

26 In so far as CA 99 is concerned, the issue is whether the Wees are obliged
to pay management fees for the initial PE funds after the commencement of
legal proceedings on 18 April 2012.

Our decision

General Principles

Introduction

27 As alluded to at the outset of this judgment, this particular sphere of law
does present a number of difficult legal issues. In the apt words of Prof Ewan
McKendrick (see Ewan McKendrick, “Work Done in Anticipation of a Contract
which does not Materialise” in ch 11 of W R Cornish, Richard Nolan, Janet
O’Sullivan & Graham Virgo (eds), Restitution Past, Present and Future – Essays
in Honour of Gareth Jones (Hart Publishing, 1998) (“McKendrick”) (at p 163):

… The difficulty with this topic lies, not so much in the results which the
courts reach, but in the reasoning which gets them to that conclusion. I think
we would all accept that work done prior to the formation of a contract is
often done at the risk of the party doing the work so that he or she will have
no claim in the event that a contract fails to materialise. But there comes a
time (and it is difficult to determine that time with great precision) when
the work done is of such magnitude or of such a nature that the party doing
the work is entitled to look to the other party for recompense. The difficult
question is: what is the legal basis of the claim of the party doing the work?
Is it a restitutionary claim or not? If it is restitutionary, what is the
ground upon which restitution is sought? If it is not a restitutionary claim,
does the claim lie in the law of contract, tort, or estoppel? Or is it to be
found in some “no man’s land”, partaking of different elements of the law of
restitution, contract and tort? ...

In the essay just referred to, Prof McKendrick focuses (correctly, in our
view) on the contractual and restitutionary approaches. The other possible
legal routes towards recovery (including tort, equitable or promissory
estoppel and breach of a duty of good faith and fair dealing) were then – and
still are – in a relatively embryonic state (and in so far as the last-
mentioned doctrine is concerned, see the decisions of this court in Ng Giap
Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 and The One Suites Pte
Ltd v Pacific Motor Credit (Pte) Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 695 at [44]).

28 Generally speaking, recovery of compensation for work done in situations
where there is no express contract may, as we have just noted, be premised on
either contractual or restitutionary grounds. The former is generally premised
on an implied contract since, ex hypothesi, there is (subject to one possible
situation which will be mentioned below (at [30])) no express contract to
begin with. The general principles which are potentially applicable were in
fact helpfully explored in a relatively recent joint article to which we are
greatly indebted: see Man Yip & Yihan Goh, “Liability for work done where
contract is denied: contractual and restitutionary approaches” [2012] LMCLQ
289 (“Yip & Goh”). Indeed, in this article, the learned authors argue that the
possible approach that may be adopted is not necessarily a binary one – and
that both contractual and restitutionary approaches could possibly be adopted
(the suggested common element being the defendant’s assumption of the risk of
financial responsibility) – but that the contractual approach should take
precedence over the restitutionary approach.

Contract

29 In so far as the contractual approach is concerned, we agree with Yip & Goh
that the implied contract under which compensation for work done is
recoverable will not be implied unless it is necessary to do so (see Yip & Goh
at 291). And as the learned authors note (at 292; see also the decision of
this court in Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as
Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd
[2011] 2 SLR 63 at [38] (and the authorities cited therein)):

[N]otwithstanding the utility of the contractual model, it should not be
overstretched. The key to implied contracts is the finding of an intention to
contract. In particular, … there is a need to be clear as to what the parties
intended.

Conceptually, at least, such an implied contract could also take the form of a
collateral contract (see also generally K W Wedderburn, “Collateral Contracts”
[1959] CLJ 58 (“Wedderburn”), Paul S Davies, “Anticipated Contracts: Room for
Agreement” [2010] CLJ 467 (“Davies”) at 471−474, Yip & Goh at 293−295 as well
as the decision of this court in Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179
(“Ang Sin Hock”) at [73]−[76]). However, the key motif remains the same – the
courts will only locate an implied contract in very limited circumstances
based on necessity and having regard to the intentions of the parties. What
this means in practical terms is that the precise facts and circumstances of
each case will be of the first importance. Indeed, Prof Hedley’s vigorous
response to McKendrick and his extremely enthusiastic reliance on the
contractual approach appears to presuppose a favourable fact situation to
begin with (see Steve Hedley, “Work done in Anticipation of a Contract which
does not Materialise: A Response” in ch 12 of W R Cornish, Richard Nolan,
Janet O’Sullivan & Graham Virgo (eds), Restitution Past, Present and Future –
Essays in Honour of Gareth Jones (Hart Publishing, 1998) (“Restitution Past,
Present and Future”)). However, as just mentioned, the contractual approach
ought not to be applied liberally. Notwithstanding, for example, Wedderburn’s
observation that the collateral contract had “value” as a “weapon of justice”
(see Wedderburn at 85), the countervailing need for certainty should also be
borne in mind. And, as this court observed in Ang Sin Hock at [76]:

There is, admittedly, the danger of too much commercial uncertainty being
generated. However, this danger can be met by the court requiring clear proof
that the legal requirements of a binding contract have, indeed, been satisfied
on the facts … as well as (from an attitudinal perspective) being generally
reluctant to find a collateral contract which ought to remain a finding of
last resort.

30 It will be noted that we have hitherto referred to possible recovery of
compensation pursuant to an implied contract. As already alluded to above,
there could not, ex hypothesi, be recovery pursuant to an express contract
which does not exist to begin with. However, it is also possible that there
might be an express contract which does not contain an express term with
regard to the remuneration that ought to be paid for work done by the
plaintiff. In such a situation, it is entirely conceivable that the court
concerned might imply a term that a reasonable sum be paid by the defendant to
the plaintiff (see, for example, the decision of this court in Lee Siong Kee v
Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 386 (“Lee
Siong Kee”) at [30], the Singapore High Court decision of MGA International
Pte Ltd v Wajilam Exports (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2010] SGHC 319 (“MGA
International Pte Ltd”) at [113]−[116] and the UK Supreme Court decision of
Benedetti and another v Sawiris and others [2014] AC 938 (“Benedetti”) at [9];
though cf the decision of this court in Gold Coin Ltd v Tay Kim Wee
[1985−1986] SLR(R) 575 (“Gold Coin Ltd”) at [9]−[10] (where both an implied
contract as well as implied terms are mentioned)). As is the case with implied
contracts, the implication of a term in this last-mentioned situation will
also be based upon necessity by reference to the traditional “business
efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests (and see generally the decisions of
this court in Lee Siong Kee at [30], Foo Jong Peng and others v Phua Kiah Mai
and another [2012] 4 SLR 1267 and Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193).

31 In the present case, it should be noted that the Engs relied, in the main,
on an implied contract in relation to the additional PE funds. Although
counsel for the Engs, Mr Alvin Yeo SC (“Mr Yeo”), also submitted on the
alternative basis premised on work done pursuant to an anticipated contract
that had failed, he clarified during oral submissions before this court that
the anticipated contract that had failed was not the contract based on the WWW
concept but, rather, on a contract to pay management fees. This last-mentioned
point brings us to the next set of possibly applicable principles centring on
the restitutionary approach.

Restitution

32 From an historical perspective, a claim for a reasonable sum for work done
based on the doctrine of quantum meruit in a situation where there was no
contract (whether express or implied) found its source in what was known as
quasi-contract. The concept of quasi-contract itself was a nebulous creature
and claims based on this concept (including quantum meruit) involved the use
of a fiction (see generally J H Baker, “The History of Quasi-Contract in
English Law” in ch 3 of Restitution Past Present and Future, especially at pp
37, 42−44 and 53−54, John H Langbein, “The Later History of Restitution” in ch
4 of Restitution Past, Present and Future, ch VIII of A W B Simpson, A History
of the Common Law of Contract – The Rise of the Action of Assumpsit (Clarendon
Press, Oxford, 1987), especially at pp 489 and 496−499; as well as Warren
Swain, The Law of Contract 1670−1870 (Cambridge University Press, 2015) at pp
121−126).

33 It is now generally acknowledged that the doctrine of quantum meruit is
more appropriately classified under a claim in restitution or (perhaps more
accurately) unjust enrichment (see also, for example, Benedetti at [9]). As,
for example, has been observed in Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Steven
Watterson (eds), Goff & Jones – The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell,
8th Ed, 2011) at para 1-06:

… Many of the rules collected in this book were previously thought to form
part of the law of “quasi-contract”, and were shakily conceptualised as a part
of the law of contract, or else were treated as isolated incidents of
equitable doctrine. The theory that all “quasi-contractual” claims rested on
an implied contract between the parties was notably articulated in Sinclair v
Brougham [[1914] AC 398], but it was decisively rejected in Westdeutsche
Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington LBC [[1996] AC 669], and the implied
contract theory is now unequivocally “a ghost of the past”. …

34 And, in a similar vein, Prof Peter Birks has observed thus (see Peter
Birks, Unjust Enrichment (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2005) at p 284):

The everyday work of the law of unjust enrichment was never left entirely
undone. It was picked up under a variety of heads, principally, on the common
law side, under money had and received, money paid, quantum meruit, and
quantum valebat, and, on the Chancery side, under constructive trust,
resulting trust, and equitable lien. … Their persistence would in some cases
be inexplicable were it not that, until the language of unjust enrichment
became available, there was nothing which could satisfactorily replace them. …
Quantum meruit and quantum valebat, for example, are usually responses to
contract, but they also respond to unjust enrichment. …

35 Whilst there has been some academic discussion as to the basis for the
award of a claim in quantum meruit in the context of unjust enrichment, it is
notable that there has been no real controversy that such a claim does indeed
exist as part of (formerly) the law of quasi-contract and (presently) the law
of unjust enrichment. One persuasive reason for such an award has been
suggested by Prof McKendrick who observed thus (see McKendrick at p 181):

What is suggested is the basis for intervention is the expectation of both
parties that a contract would be concluded and the fact that that expectation
has not been fulfilled.

36 A slight digression might be in order at this particular juncture: we have
already noted that there might be possible recovery for work done pursuant to
an implied contract. We have also just noted that recovery (as an alternative
(see also Yip & Goh at 316)) might be possible pursuant to a claim in quantum
meruit under the restitutionary approach. In this last-mentioned regard, we
note that the law of restitution or unjust enrichment is generally critical of
the concept of the implied contract but this is only in relation to its
earlier (and more general) use as a rationale for that entire branch of the
law, which criticism is understandable as it led to artificiality. When,
however, we refer to the concept of an implied contract in the context of
recovery pursuant to the law of contract, we are referring to an implied
contract as a specific doctrine in itself (based on necessity and having
regard to the intentions of the parties (see also above at [29])). As Prof
McKendrick aptly observed, “[t]he anticipation of a contract is not the same
thing as the existence of a contract” (see McKendrick at p 167). Admittedly,
the distinction may not always be clear, depending on the precise facts and
circumstances concerned (and see, for example, the different possible
characterisations of the English High Court decision of British Steel Corp v
Cleveland Bridge and Engineering Co Ltd [1984] 1 All ER 504 in McKendrick,
especially at pp 169−171 and Davies, especially at 469−470 and 474).
Conceptually, however (and returning briefly to the present case), whilst the
(primary) claim by the Engs for fees in relation to the additional PE funds is
based on an implied contract, their (secondary and alternative) claim is
premised (in restitution) on a claim in quantum meruit based on an anticipated
contract that had never materialised. In so far as Project Plaza is concerned,
the Engs’ claim for fees appears to be largely premised (in restitution) on a
claim in quantum meruit based on an anticipated contract that never
materialised. This would be an appropriate juncture at which to apply the
principles set out briefly above to the facts of the present case (in
particular, in relation to CA 97). However, before proceeding to do so, a
slight digression on the issue pertaining to terminology might be appropriate.

A slight digression with regard to terminology

37 As we have already noted, the plaintiff can be compensated for work done in
contract pursuant to either an implied contract or an implied term (see above
at [28] and [30]). In both situations, however, the amount of remuneration or
compensation payable to the plaintiff concerned will be a reasonable sum. On a
plain reading, such an award would be consistent with the literal meaning of
the term “quantum meruit”, which when translated from the Latin means “as much
as he has deserved” (see Bryan A Garner (ed in chief), Black’s Law Dictionary
(Thomson Reuters, 10th Ed, 2014) (“Black’s Law Dictionary”) at p 1437; David M
Walker, The Oxford Companion to Law (Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1980) (“The
Oxford Companion to Law”) at p 1022; and J A Simpson & E S C Weiner (eds), The
Oxford English Dictionary (Clarendon Press, Oxford, 2nd Ed, 1989), vol XII
(“OED”) at p 982). Not surprisingly, perhaps, this particular mode of recovery
has been referred to as contractual quantum meruit – which has been contrasted
with recovery pursuant to what has been referred to as restitutionary quantum
meruit (which was the topic of the preceding part of this judgment). This
distinction between contractual quantum meruit and restitutionary quantum
meruit is, in fact, well-established in Singapore case law (see, for example,
the decisions of this court in Gold Coin Ltd at [9]−[10] and Lee Siong Kee at
[29]−[37], the Singapore High Court decisions of Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed
Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim [2007] 2 SLR(R) 655 at [122]−[124], MGA International
Pte Ltd at [113] and Sim Kim Seng (trading as Kim Seng Ship Building) v New
West Coast Shipyard Pte Ltd [2016] SGHCR 2 at [15]; as well as Cheshire,
Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract – Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition
(Butterworths Asia, 1998) at pp 1127−1130).

38 However, whilst the distinction between contractual quantum meruit on the
one hand and restitutionary quantum meruit on the other appears to be clearly
established (see also, for example, G H L Fridman, “Quantum Meruit” (1999) 37
Alberta Law Rev 38), the concept of quantum meruit appears to be more
appropriate terminology in the context of the latter (as opposed to the
former). This is reflected, for example, in Black’s Law Dictionary, where
quantum meruit is defined as follows (at p 1437):

quantum meruit …. [Latin “as much as he has deserved”] (17c) 1. The reasonable
value of services; damages awarded in an amount considered reasonable to
compensate a person who has rendered services in a quasi-contractual
relationship. 2. A claim or right of action for the reasonable value of
services rendered. 3. At common law, a count in an assumpsit action to recover
payment for services rendered to another person. 4. A claim for the market
value of a party’s performance under an implied-in-fact contract or an express
contract that does not specify a price. 5. A claim for the value of benefits
provided without a contract, as when the plaintiff brings a claim for
restitution and that value provides the measure of recovery. •The typical
applications in restitution are to cases when the defendant asked for the
benefits supplied, but when the claimant, for one reason or another, cannot
recover on the basis of contract, express or implied. The term has long been,
ambiguous between senses 4 and 5, leading to confusing references in judicial
opinions. See Restatement (Third) of Restitution and Unjust Enrichment § 49
cmt. f (2011). Cf. implied-in-law contract under contract.

It can be immediately seen that, whilst there is a fleeting reference to
contract, the focus is really on restitution or unjust enrichment. One
explanation is perhaps that this is a publication that emanates from the
United States of America (where restitution and unjust enrichment are very
well-established compared to its continuing development in the Commonwealth
(including Singapore (see generally Leow & Liau)) – although the OED also
appears to adopt a similar focus (at p 982 (“A reasonable sum of money to be
paid for services rendered or work done, when the amount due is not determined
by any provision constituting, or forming part of, a legally enforceable
contract”) – albeit doing so as a general (as opposed to a law) dictionary).
That having been said, the current editor in chief of Black’s Law Dictionary,
Prof Garner, does, in another work, acknowledge that quantum meruit is a term
that may in fact be “ambiguous” inasmuch as it might also refer to recovery on
a contractual basis (see Bryan A Garner, A Dictionary of Modern Legal Usage
(Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 1995) (“A Dictionary of Modern Legal Usage”)
at p 724):

quantum meruit … Quantum meruit means literally “as much as he or she had
earned,” and shows no signs of waning in legal use. The term, however, “is
ambiguous; it may mean (1) that there is a contract ‘implied in fact’ to pay
the reasonable value of the services, or (2) that, to prevent unjust
enrichment, the claimant may recover on a quasi-contract (an ‘as if’ contract)
for that reasonable value.” Martin v. Campanaro, 156 F.2d 127, 130 n.5 (2d
Cir. 1946).

39 There are, admittedly, also other definitions which appear to be neutral
(see, for example, Daniel Greenberg (ed), Stroud’s Judicial Dictionary of
Words and Phrases (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2012) at p 2414 (“Quantum meruit
is the reasonable amount to be paid for services rendered or work done, when
the price therefore is not fixed by contract …”)). These definitions do not –
at least on a literal reading – preclude premising an obligation on the
defendant to pay the plaintiff on the basis of an implied contract. However,
in another work, the same editor appears to treat the concept of quantum
meruit as focusing more on restitution or unjust enrichment instead (see
Daniel Greenberg (gen ed), Jowitt’s Dictionary of English Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010), vol 2 at p 1857; see also the preceding paragraph):

Quantum meruit. … In its early history the action for quantum meruit was, no
doubt, a genuine action in contract, based on a real promise to pay, although
the promise had not been expressed in words and the amount of the payment had
not been agreed. Subsequent developments have, however, considerably widened
the scope of this form of action, and the action now-seems to be founded on a
desire to address unjust enrichment. …

40 There are yet other definitions which are wholly consistent with the
distinction between contractual quantum meruit and restitutionary quantum
meruit. The following definition in David Hay (gen ed), Words and Phrases
Legally Defined (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2007), vol 2 at p 717 is an example:

QUANTUM MERUIT

The terms ‘quantum meruit’ or ‘quantum valebat’ are used in three distinct
senses at common law, namely as denoting: (1) a claim by one party to a
contract, for example on breach of the contract by the other party, for
reasonable remuneration for what he has done; (2) a mode of redress on a new
contract which has replaced a previous one; (3) a reasonable price of
remuneration which will be implied in a contract where no price or
remuneration has been fixed for goods sold or work done.

Of these three types of claim, the second and third are clearly contractual,
whereas the first is not based on contract …

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to The Oxford Companion to Law at
p 1022 (“Another possible measure of restitution in case of unjust enrichment
…, or measure of payment where a contract has not fixed a price.”) as well as
A Dictionary of Modern Legal Usage at p 724 (above at [38]).

41 To summarise, perhaps the most practical and commonsensical approach is to
look to the substance rather than the form. In this regard, it is clear that
there are two alternative approaches toward the award of a reasonable sum for
work done by a plaintiff. The first is contractual in nature and can be
premised on the basis of either an implied contract or an implied term
(depending on the precise facts before the court). The second is premised on
restitution or unjust enrichment (the more historical basis being that of
quasi-contract). The first will take precedence over the second. From a
terminological perspective, it might be more appropriate – particularly when
viewed from an historical perspective − to reserve the use of the term
“quantum meruit” only for the second (ie, restitutionary) basis, whilst
referring to the first (ie, contractual) basis simply as recovery pursuant to
“contract” (whether by way of an implied contract or an implied term). This
last-mentioned approach was, in fact, adopted in Yip & Goh.

42 Let us turn now to apply the principles to the facts of the present case.

CA 97

The additional funds

43 It is of the first importance to recapitulate as well as understand the
precise nature of the arguments that were made by Mr Yeo on behalf of the Engs
in support of their counterclaim (which included work done with respect to
both the additional PE funds and Project Plaza).

44 It will be recalled that Mr Yeo had argued, first, that there was an
implied contract between the Engs and the Wees that the latter would pay the
former management fees in return for the former managing the additional PE
funds (on top of managing the initial PE funds for which it was common ground
that a fee arrangement existed). As Mr Yeo put it during oral submissions
before this court, there was a simple management contract between the Engs and
the Wees and the WWW concept was not part of this relatively simple
arrangement, although the parties conducted their affairs in broad alignment
with this idea. He further argued that either party could have pulled out of
the WWW concept at any time. This last-mentioned argument was, in fact,
related to Mr Yeo’s alternative argument that even if an implied contract
between the parties is not found, the parties had nevertheless intended that
such a (management) contract would ultimately have been entered into and that,
to this end, the Engs had managed the additional PE funds pursuant to an
anticipated (management) contract that had not ultimately materialised and
were thus entitled to remuneration for such work done with regard to the
additional PE funds on the basis of a claim in quantum meruit.

45 It is clear that, central to both of Mr Yeo’s arguments, as set out briefly
in the preceding paragraph, is the fact that either the alleged implied
contract or the work done in managing the additional funds in relation to an
anticipated (management) contract that had not ultimately materialised was (as
Mr Yeo was also at pains to emphasise during the course of oral submissions
before this court) completely outside the scope or purview of the WWW concept,
which was simply a vision and a plan. This was, presumably, to completely
distance the Engs from the Judge’s finding in the court below that the
counterclaim by the Engs was bound to fail owing to the fact that they (ie,
the Engs) had embarked upon a risk-running exercise with a view towards being
remunerated only upon the fruition of the WWW concept – that, in other words,
the work performed by the Engs in the meantime was done at their own risk as
the material rewards would only crystallise once the WWW concept had come to
fruition.

46 With respect, we are unable to accept Mr Yeo’s arguments. Based on the
evidence before us, it is clear that the parties had – at least in relation to
the additional PE funds – the WWW concept in view. Let us elaborate.

47 The key document is the e-mail from ECS to BKW dated 24 October 2007 (“the
24 October 2007 e-mail”). Before examining this document, we embark on a
slight detour of sorts to lay out the preceding exchange of e-mails, which
will enable us to obtain a clearer understanding of the 24 October 2007
e-mail. Around October 2007, as the parties’ involvement with one another
deepened, CSC (described in the correspondence as the chairman) became
concerned about the fees and other arrangements. This led BKW to forward a
list of “Chairman Questions” to ECS on 8 October 2007. These queries touched
on various aspects, including ownership and agreements. ECS replied four days
later to BKW and BTW (copying Sylvia) to explain as follows (“the 12 October
2007 e-mail”):

…

The GP / LP arrangement is one that is used by all the major global PE firms,
including the Blackstone group, CVC and Carlyle. This arrangement calls for
LPs (Limited Partners) investing into a fund (via an L.P. Agreement – LPA),
with the fund managed by a GP.

In our case, we are establishing 3 LPAs: the FOF, PE direct investments;
RE/Hotel direct investments.

Each of the above 3 pools of capital is managed by a separate GP, an SPV held
by G1.

…

[emphasis added]

48 ECS was, however unclear, by what CSC meant by agreements. Thereafter, BKW
explained on 16 October 2007 in an e-mail to ECS (copying BTW and Sylvia) that
his mother would like to formalise agreements to “prevent potential
misunderstanding”. On 22 October 2007, BKW wrote an e-mail titled “G1 package”
to ECS, again stating that “Chairman wants me to formalize agreement with you
to prevent potential misunderstanding … So need you to put on your thinking
cap again!” On 24 October 2007, BKW sent yet another reminder to ECS, telling
him that CSC was “still chasing me for this” so “perhaps you could just pen
down some key points”. This led to ECS’s 24 October 2007 e-mail, to which we
presently return.

49 The material part of the 24 October 2007 e-mail reads as follows:

We are preparing LPA [Limited Partnership Agreements] to be signed off by LPs
[Limited Partners] and the GP [General Partner] (the latter is WWW owned).

For the FOF 30, had suggested 1.5% annual management fee on commitment.

Had given you a broad termsheet which I shall pull out for revisit.

…

[emphasis added]

50 It is significant that the very first paragraph of the 24 October 2007
e-mail quoted in the preceding paragraph refers to the WWW concept – in
particular to the Limited Partnership Agreements which relate to third party
investors and which (in turn) would signal the fruition, so to speak, of the
WWW concept – at least in an incipient manner. In particular, this paragraph
sets the backdrop against which the rest of the e-mail ought to be
interpreted. Having referred to the WWW concept (for which, it will be
recalled, there would be no remuneration forthcoming to the Engs until the
concept itself came to fruition), the second paragraph of the e-mail provides
an exception or carve-out inasmuch as it does in fact specify a separate
method of remuneration by way of a management fee. In this regard, “the FOF
30” is, in fact, a reference to the initial PE funds – where it was indeed
common ground that these funds were outside the scope or purview of the WWW
concept. That “the FOF 30” refers to the initial PE funds can be gleaned from
e-mail correspondence which segregated the Wees’ investment in the initial PE
funds from their investment in the additional PE funds. On 23 October 2007, a
day before the 24 October 2007 e-mail, ECS informed the Wees that:

…

As discussed. The amount that is being underwritten for a third party fund is
now USD48m, excluding a potential commitment of USD15m to PEP (Bain Aus). In
addition, we have USD18m of the house fund (being USD30m) currently committed.

…

[emphasis added]

51 Indeed, the 1.5% annual management fee for “the FOF 30” mentioned in the 24
October 2007 e-mail was precisely the fee agreed upon by the Wees and the Engs
in respect of the management of the initial PE funds. If, in fact, the
additional funds were also to be subject to the same arrangements as the
initial funds, this ought also to have been indicated in the 24 October 2007
e-mail as well – but, significantly, in our view, was not. Mr Yeo had no
convincing explanation for this. We note that the 24 October 2007 e-mail came
after repeated requests for ECS to consider his remuneration. It is also
significant that, by this this time, the commitment amount had risen to about
US$83m. Even by August 2008, by which time the commitment amount had risen to
US$129m, the management fees continued to be paid based on 1.5% of US$30m (see
the GD at [77] and [84]). This in fact supports the Wees’ case that the
additional PE funds were not subject to a separate management contract but
were, instead, intended to be part of the WWW concept (for which any
remuneration would be forthcoming only upon the fruition of that part of the
concept itself).

52 This brings us to the third – and final – paragraph of the 24 October 2007
e-mail, which refers to a “termsheet”. For the period preceding the 24 October
2007 e-mail, the only term sheet available on record is one that was handed to
the Wees on 13 August 2005 (“the 2005 term sheet”). This term sheet contained
details relating to three funds and two deals. What is of signal importance is
that the 2005 term sheet, while obviously a draft, was intended to be an at
least rough outline of what would constitute the WWW concept. It is
significant, in our view, that the 2005 term sheet refers to both the initial
PE funds and the additional PE funds. The column relating to “Fund 1” must be
taken to relate to the initial PE funds. For example, the fund size for “Fund
1” is stated to be US$30m – which matches the initial commitment amount that
the Wees had already committed to as of the date of the term sheet. Potential
investors were stated to be “N/A” to “Fund 1”, which suggests that this fund
was not intended to draw capital from other investors. In particular, “Fund 1”
states that the management fee for those funds is 1.5% per annum – which is
what the parties had in fact agreed to for the initial PE funds. More
importantly, it was common ground between the parties that the initial PE
funds were not intended to be part of the WWW concept. The natural inference,
therefore, is that Fund 1 was (as already mentioned) intended to be an
exception to (or carve-out from) the overall WWW concept.

53 There is, admittedly, no clear (and, more importantly, specific) reference
to the additional PE funds although there are two further columns which refer
to “Fund 2” and “Fund 3”, respectively. However, the particulars of both “Fund
2” and “Fund 3” contemplated, inter alia, potential investors, a management
company and investment in the management company (with two or three-way splits
in its shareholdings). Mr Yeo’s case was that the additional PE funds were not
“Fund 2” in the 2005 term sheet. “Fund 2” was only to be started after the
parties had established a track record in “Fund 1”, which would be some years
down the road owing to the nature of PE funds. However, it is difficult to
ignore the fact that “Fund 2” was stated to have a fund size of US$100 to
US$150m, which is comparable to the commitment amount of the additional PE
funds. Mr Yeo also made the point that, even though the initial PE funds were
to involve a US$30m commitment, the Wees subsequently committed to more funds
without segregating between the initial PE funds and the additional PE funds.
There was never any point in time where the commitment amount stood at US$30m.
On this view, the additional PE funds should be seen as a mere extension of
the initial PE funds. However, this is contradicted by e-mail documentation
that shows that the Engs demarcated the PE funds into house funds (the initial
PE funds) and third party funds (additional PE funds) (see above at [50]).

54 Bearing in mind the relatively early days in which the 2005 term sheet was
produced, it is sufficiently clear, in our view, that the additional PE funds
were clearly envisaged to be part of “Fund 2” or even “Fund 2” and “Fund 3”,
combined. What is important for the purposes of the present appeal is the fact
that, unlike “Fund 1”, the particulars of “Fund 2” and/or “Fund 3” (see above
at [53]) suggest that they were intended to be part of the WWW concept –
which, in turn, means (consistent with the analysis just proffered) that the
additional PE funds were (contrary to what Mr Yeo had argued) in fact intended
to be part of the WWW concept. In our view, these are eminently reasonable
inferences to draw simply because it could not possibly have been within the
contemplation of the parties that none of the three funds mentioned in the
2005 term sheet would form part of the WWW concept. Indeed, as we have already
noted, even “Fund 1” was prima facie to form part of the WWW concept – until
that prima facie assumption was displaced by an agreement by the parties to
the contrary. Indeed, there has clearly been no express agreement to the
contrary vis-à-vis the additional PE funds. It will be recalled that Mr Yeo
has premised the Engs’ case for recovery under either an implied contract or
on a restitutionary quantum meruit premised on a specific management contract
between the parties with respect to the additional PE funds that had failed to
materialise. With respect, we find these (alternative) arguments unpersuasive.
Indeed, if this court were to imply a contract, that would mean – in substance
– that the 2005 term sheet would not reflect what it was in fact intended to
reflect in the first place, viz, the WWW concept. Put simply, the exception
(as was the situation with regard to “Fund 1”) would become the (overwhelming)
rule instead – a rule which would run wholly contrary to the common intention
of the parties to work towards the fulfilment or fruition of the WWW concept.

55 In the circumstances, it is clear, in our view, that the additional PE
funds were within the scope or purview of the WWW concept, and the Engs’
arguments with regard to this particular issue therefore fail.

56 Let us turn now to consider the Engs’ arguments with regard to Project
Plaza.

Project Plaza

57 It would appear that the same conclusion which was arrived in respect of
the additional PE funds ought also to be arrived at with regard to Project
Plaza. In particular, it will be recalled that hotel investments were one
category in the initial categories formed for the purposes of the WWW concept.
In the 12 October 2007 e-mail (see above at [47]), ECS stated that the parties
were establishing three Limited Partnership Agreements or LPAs, including one
for “RE/Hotel direct investments”. The very first paragraph of the 24 October
2007 e-mail conceivably refers to these same LPAs which, as explained above
(at [50]), sets the backdrop against which the rest of that e-mail ought to be
interpreted. In the light of these two e-mails, the fact that ECS failed to
ask for management fees for Project Plaza prima facie suggests that, unlike
the initial PE funds, there was to be no carve-out for the work done in
relation to Project Plaza.

58 This lends credence to the theory that the Engs were to be remunerated for
their work in relation to Project Plaza only through the fruition of the WWW
concept. The original plan, according to the Wees, was that they would provide
only seed capital of US$25m, with ECS promising to obtain bank loans and/or
interested investors – limited partners (“LPs”) – to fund the redevelopment of
the hotel. When the hotel was re-developed, it would form the “nucleus of a
[h]otel [f]und”. The “unique selling proposition” to attract potential LPs was
that the hotel fund would have an “actual physical hotel built and run as a
working model”. Indeed, there is evidence that the Engs attempted to seek such
external financing. Moreover, the words “Project Plaza” and “hotel fund” were
occasionally mentioned in the same breath.

59 But whilst this is literally and ostensibly the case that hotel investments
constituted one of the categories created for the purposes of the WWW concept,
it should also be recalled that the central plank of Mr Yeo’s argument on
behalf of the Engs is that the work done for, inter alia, Project Plaza was
(as he also argued was the case for the additional PE funds) outside the scope
or purview of the WWW concept. The fact that Project Plaza was a project that
related (literally) to a hotel might suggest that it fell within the scope of
the WWW concept inasmuch as there would be no argument to be made on behalf of
the Wees if this particular project did not fall within a stipulated category
for the purposes of the WWW concept. However, this merely means that a
prerequisite or threshold condition has been met. As mentioned at the outset
of this judgment, a granular approach must be taken in order to ascertain
whether (and in this situation) Project Plaza did in fact fall within the
scope of the WWW concept.

60 As is the situation generally in so far as the present case is concerned,
there is an unfortunate dearth of evidence and this court will have to do the
best it can with the little evidence that is in fact available. However, it is
sufficiently clear that the work done on Project Plaza was not necessarily in
furtherance of the WWW concept, even though Project Plaza was linked to a
hotel fund and the relevant SPV structures had been set up.

61 We turn, first, to the relevant e-mail correspondence. Perhaps the most
important e-mail is that sent by ECS to BKW dated 22 July 2008 (“the 22 July
2008 e-mail”), as the plain language of that particular e-mail refers to the
management of Project Plaza by the Engs. The material part of the e-mail reads
as follows:

…

As discussed, to cover the above opex we agreed to set aside USD 2 million per
annum – based on 2% on the Plaza Fund size of USD 100 million. This will be
reflected in the books as USD 2 million fee per annum for managing the WCP
Plaza Fund.

In this regard, please remit for the period Jul to Dec the sum of USD 1
million to the following account …

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

62 There does not appear to be any written response by BKW to ECS, which would
militate against the plain meaning contained in the words of the e-mail quoted
in the preceding paragraph. Leaving aside for the moment the precise amount
which the Engs are entitled to, it does appear to suggest that there was in
fact a separate agreement to the effect that the Engs would be paid management
fees for the management of this particular project. This would, ex hypothesi,
take this project outside the scope and purview of the WWW concept, which (it
will be recalled) was premised on (and as the Judge also found in the court
below) the concept of risk-running, which (in turn) was premised on the
understanding between the Wees and the Engs that any work done by the latter
would not be separately remunerated but would ultimately witness both parties
being able to reap the benefits by sharing in the fruits of the WWW concept
when it did in fact materialise. At this juncture, it should be noted that it
was unclear – to this court at least – what precisely the parties envisaged
were the “fruits” of the WWW concept. However, this is immaterial for the
purposes of the present appeal given the fact that Mr Yeo had – in his case
theory in support of recovery of compensation for the Engs – eschewed the
relevance of the WWW concept altogether. In particular, Mr Yeo had argued that
the Engs were entitled to compensation on the basis that the work that they
had rendered with regard to both the additional funds as well as Project Plaza
were outside the scope and purview of the WWW concept altogether.

63 In fairness to the Wees, however, it should be noted that BKW’s testimony
during cross-examination suggests that the amount mentioned in the e-mail
referred to in the preceding two paragraphs related to the operating expenses
with regard to Project Plaza. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, BKW had
similarly said that the “clear understanding between [the parties] was that
this amount was to be used for Project Plaza expenses”. Even if this is indeed
the case, the e-mail suggests, at the very least, that the Engs had
nevertheless sought management fees for work done on Project Plaza. For while
the Engs appear to accept that the US$1m was for expenses, they make the
larger point that the Wees had agreed to set aside funds for the operating
expenses only after the parties failed to reach an agreement on management
fees. The relevant part of BKW’s cross-examination is reproduced as follows:

Q. My instructions are that Mr Eng raised the issue of management fees, but
all you were prepared to agree to at that point in time -- you didn’t say yes,
you didn’t say no -- was you agreed to cover the operating expenses.

A. I agreed to pay the 1 million as per his e-mail. Yes.

Q. A bit more than that. Mr Wee, I’m not suggesting to you that you agreed to
any particular management fee. That’s not my instructions. But I am suggesting
to you that you agreed to cover the operating expenses of what is described as
operating expenses of TTO, that is the CS Partners’ employees who were housed
at Thong Teck office working on the family’s investments.

A. All right. Based on the understanding that the fund was set up, that’s part
of the management fee, right, the WCP Plaza fund.

64 BKW did not deny that the agreement to cover operating expenses arose
directly from the failure to agree on management fees on Project Plaza. On
further questioning, he characterised the US$1m which the Wees paid towards
the operating expenses of Project Plaza as “part of the management fee”
(albeit of the “WCP Plaza fund”). Whether the true situation is that the
parties made a separate agreement to the effect that the Engs would be paid
management fees or that the US$1m payment was simply a “fall back” to cover
operating expenses after the parties discussed management fees, the salience
of management fees in either case suggests that Project Plaza was outside the
scope of the WWW concept.

65 Our findings so far are in fact, supported by the relevant context as well.
Let us elaborate.

66 First, whilst we have already noted that it was possible for Project Plaza
to have fallen within the WWW concept, it is significant, in our view, that
the only term sheet which was in evidence (viz, the 2005 term sheet which we
had referred to earlier in the context of the issue relating to the additional
PE funds), whilst referring to the initial funds as well as the additional
funds, did not refer to Project Plaza at all. This is consistent with the
Engs’ argument that Project Plaza was a discrete project that was outside the
scope and purview of the WWW concept.

67 The 24 October 2007 e-mail, which, as we have found, made reference to the
2005 term sheet, did not refer to Project Plaza as well. At this juncture, we
digress to address an argument that may be made, as Mr Philip Jeyaretnam SC
(“Mr Jeyaretnam”) did on behalf of the Wees, that ECS had not provided a
carve-out for management fees for Project Plaza in that particular e-mail.
This would suggest that Project Plaza was akin to the additional PE funds in
that both investments would be remunerated under the WWW concept. However, as
we have observed, the 2005 term sheet, which ECS said he would pull out for a
“revisit”, did not even refer to Project Plaza. This indicates that the fee
arrangements that were being contemplated at the relevant time did not cover
Project Plaza. This is plausible as the discussions on remuneration in October
2007 concerned the “G1 package”, ie, ECS’s fees, and did not address Sylvia’s
remuneration, even though she was in the thick of the project. Indeed, it
might not have been an opportune time to seek fees for Project Plaza. Although
the parties bought Esplanade Hotel by August/September 2006 and demolished it
around February 2007, the nature and scope of the Engs’ involvement in Project
Plaza remained hazy even in October 2007. In February 2007, BKW relinquished
his role as the Project Plaza Consultant (“the PPC”) because his wife fell
seriously ill. Following that, Sylvia was forced to step up to the plate and
take on more work while discussions and attempts were made to find a
replacement for BKW. Moreover, issues with, inter alia, the design of Project
Plaza meant that Project Plaza had not even gotten off the ground. As BKW said
in cross-examination, “things were stuck” and the project “was not moving”. To
compound matters, Project Plaza had run into funding issues, which led BKW to
ask on 8 October 2007 if the parties should “wait for more positive signs or
[get] someone else to start [the hotel fund] or … initiate this?”

68 In view of all this, it is understandable that Sylvia herself did not
broach the topic of management fees even when the parties were on the subject
of the Project Plaza expenditure (In an e-mail on 22 October 2007, Sylvia
informed ECS that the total amount spent on Project Plaza to date (excluding
land cost) was about S$2.475m. She stated that this sum excluded the costs
that CSP had incurred (about $700,000 to date), which included staff costs,
administrative expenses and rental costs. However, she was silent on
management fees). In any event, as we have found, the parties did eventually
discuss (at the very least) the topic of management fees for Project Plaza at
or around the time of the 22 July 2008 e-mail.

69 Secondly, we note that BKW was very involved in, inter alia, the design of
the hotel as evidenced, for example, in e-mail correspondence to both ECS and
Sylvia dated 5 September 2008 and 6 September 2008 – a degree of both direct
as well as substantive involvement that went beyond the mere provision of seed
money. As also evidenced from the relevant e-mail correspondence, it appears
that BKW was very concerned about the costs of Project Plaza – not from the
standpoint of a party who was providing only seed money but, rather, as a
party who had a direct interest in the overall (and substantive) development
of the project (which is also consistent with BKW’s direct involvement in the
design of the hotel, as also just noted). This is seen in, for example, an
e-mail dated 25 September 2008, which BKW sent to ECS and copied to Sylvia.
the material parts of which read as follows:

Hi Shoong

I hear your point on budget.

But my question remains: other than waiting for QS numbers, how can the team
come out with alternative [sic] to cut cost?

No one seems willing or able to go through the line by line except to
‘bargain’ for cheaper prices …

And I keep harping on pre-fab the entire building but perhaps that’s repeated
so frequently that it has been lost in the wind…

[emphasis added]

70 In fact, there is much to be said in favour of the Engs’ contention that
BKW was the “key decision maker” for Project Plaza in many respects.
Notwithstanding BKW’s insistence that he was just part of the approval process
and that the Engs had the final say in major decisions, the preponderance of
evidence suggests that he was heavily involved in charting the vision for
Project Plaza, selecting the team, approving the appointment and termination
of service providers and ensuring that the feng shui master’s requirements
were complied with (although BKW insisted that he was merely the interface
between the feng shui master and the other parties). As Mr Yeo put it in the
court below, he who pays the piper calls the tune, and BKW’s relationship with
Sylvia could in several ways be described as that between a client and his
service provider. For example, BKW confirmed that Sylvia never differed from
him when it came to the appointment of the various consultants or contractors
(although he claimed that this was because ECS was also involved in the
process). And as the Judge found, it was BKW’s “flighty and wholly impractical
design choices and his inability or unwillingness to accept they could be
translated only with difficulty, delay and expense” that contributed to the
eventual failure of Project Plaza (see the GD at [105]). Even in April 2008,
when the project was facing a two-year delay in completion, BKW was still
raising points related to the issue of feng shui. The evidence, in our view,
is sufficient to suggest that BKW was more concerned with achieving the right
vision and design for Project Plaza than with the creation of the hotel fund,
even though the original plan under the WWW concept was to get Project Plaza
up and running in order to launch the hotel fund. For example, in an e-mail in
December 2006, BKW suggested that “construction will begin once the hotel
project design is fine-tuned and the attendant construction methodology is
determined”. Yet, he was cognisant that delays in the hotel construction would
also push back the timeline for the hotel fund. In other words, BKW’s specific
preoccupation with various aspects of the project, including its vision and
design, contributed to delays and disruptions that are inconsistent with the
purported aim of realising the WWW concept. Contrary to his own assertions,
BKW’s vision did not seem to consist in the hotel fund. Rather, his sights
were trained on the development of an actual physical hotel that accorded with
what appeared to be his personal ideas of what would provide a “transformative
experience”.

71 Thirdly, it has been clearly established that the heavy lifting for Project
Plaza was in fact, undertaken by the Engs – in particular ECS’s wife, Sylvia.
Indeed, BKW had to leave active participation in Project Plaza as the PPC
owing to unexpected (and unfortunate) circumstances, as his wife had been
taken critically ill. This was in February 2007, when she was unfortunately
diagnosed with cancer. In an e-mail dated 15 March 2007, BKW told Sylvia that
he would continue to provide strategic input for a maximum of one to two hours
a week but would not be dealing with day to day matters. In BKW’s own words,
“Sylvia took over and ran the project”. It was only at the end of January
2009, when Sylvia asked him to return to Project Plaza, that he decided to do
so. That Sylvia undertook the heavy lifting in the interim is evident from the
e-mail correspondence, such as that between BKW and her in April 2008, as well
as further e-mail correspondence thereafter. And as Mr Yeo rightly pointed out
in oral closing arguments before the Judge:

After [BKW] stepped back because of his wife’s unfortunate illness, he became
a backseat driver, and that, in some ways – many ways – was worse. We got to a
situation where he wanted certain things, but he wasn’t there to implement it,
and he would just reject many and many times.

Consonant with the extent of her role, Sylvia herself also expressed her
concern about the need for funds; in an e-mail dated 14 August 2008 to BKW,
for example, she stated as follows:

I hope that the two of you [presumably also a reference to ECS to whom the
e-mail had also been sent] do not do the disappearing act on me if things turn
rough. I have been giving my assurance to all related parties. I became the
face for two of you who started all this. I too need confirmation from both of
you on $$$ to fulfill this vision of PPM [Project Plaza]. [emphasis added]

In another e-mail dated 25 September 2008, Sylvia wrote to BKW as follows:

Funding of PP [Project Plaza] has always been my major concern. Everything
that we do outside building the structure involved funding as well. Until
today I still do not know exactly the source of funds for the construction of
the building. How do [sic] one instill the confidence to commit more until I
am certain that I have the funds to build the structure first? [emphasis added
in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics]

72 Fourthly, BKW’s version of events with regard to Project Plaza was –
understandably – quite different. He stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief that it was never the agreement that the Wees would be funding the
entire redevelopment costs for Project Plaza. The agreement between him and
ECS was that the Wees would provide the initial “seed money” of US$25m, while
the remaining developmental costs would be taken care of by bank loans and the
hotel fund to be created. This was, presumably, in line with the WWW concept
which envisaged the injection of third party funds; in BKW’s words:

Because the beginning of this was supposedly the setting up of a hotel fund,
where this particular hotel, which is codenamed Project Plaza, was supposed to
be the first sort of model -- working model to differentiate itself from other
hotel funds, which only sort of gave a concept. So in this case, the idea was
actually to build something concrete, okay, show to the potential limited
partners to the hotel fund, so that they can come on later on.

BKW later stated that as the estimated costs for Project Plaza shot up to more
than US$100m, the understanding between the parties evolved to one where the
hotel fund would contain only Project Plaza. He claimed that ECS represented
to him that it was nevertheless possible to obtain bank loans and investors
even before the hotel was re-developed, ie, before it was up and running.
Therefore, even under the evolved plan for the hotel fund, the Wees were
presumably still expected to put in only US$25m in “seed money”. There appears
to be some support for BKW’s version in an e-mail dated 25 September 2008 in
which he wrote to Sylvia (“the 25 September 2008 e-mail”), the material parts
of which read as follows:

Hi ED [this was how BKW often addressed Sylvia]

We have gone through this before ie originally the understanding was US$25m
for PP [Project Plaza] with the rest coming from bank financing.

However I have repeated [sic] stressed the importance of building a financial
model backed by contracts, strategic alliance (marketing for guest,
apartments, events/programmes/functions) and workable ideas.

[emphasis added]

73 Indeed, BKW also expressed his concerns during cross-examination that
Sylvia had allegedly misrepresented to his mother (the first plaintiff in the
main claim) the fact that US$100m was required inasmuch as the Wees would be
funding Project Plaza in its entirety, thus giving her (his mother) the wrong
impression (which was also contrary to what he stated was his own perception
as briefly set out in the preceding paragraph).

74 However, BKW’s concerns were not borne out by the relevant e-mails from
Sylvia (as set out above) and are, in fact, contradicted by them. We do note,
in this regard, that there was an e-mail dated 25 September 2008 from Sylvia
to BKW, which stated as follows:

I spoke to your mum yesterday morning before I left and realised that your mum
is very much against PP [Project Plaza]. She is also not aware of what we are
doing and the commitment that PP is incurring. Can I speak with you later?

…

BKW responded to the above e-mail on the same day, and which stated as
follows:

Hi ED [ie, Sylvia]

She [BKW’s mother] is against PP [Project Plaza] because she now has the
perception that we have to come out with US$100M for PP (hotel fund).

I have already briefed her on this and she wanted to know application of funds
– which was why I was asking you for those details before my brother’s drama
began.

See you later then

Boo Kuan

75 But what, then, about the 25 September 2008 e-mail (which has been quoted
above at [72])? At first blush, this particular e-mail would appear to support
BKW’s version. However, a closer reading of this e-mail suggests that it is,
at best, neutral.

76 In fact, while the Wees’ case is that the Engs only started to press them
to fund the entire project when they failed to secure project financing, there
does not appear to have been any agreement on the exact funding arrangements
for Project Plaza. In particular, it is unclear that there was an original
understanding that the Wees’ involvement was to be limited to an injection of
US$25m in seed capital. This figure only appeared in e-mail correspondence in
June 2008, at a time when the cost to redevelop Project Plaza had skyrocketed
and parties were discussing ways to fund Project Plaza from external sources.
The 25 September 2008 e-mail was preceded by an e-mail from BKW to ECS on 12
June 2008 titled “PP Financing”, the material parts of which read as follows
(“the 12 June 2008 e-mail”):

…

As spoken, please think about various ways we can finance PP (from external
sources) from getting LPs to using the stream of revenues from the Funds that
we have participated in[.]

The US$25[m] net budget for PP is over the next two years is over the next 2
years until the project is completed. Is this understanding correct?

…

77 ECS responded to this e-mail on 13 June 2008 as follows (“the 13 June 2008
e-mail”):

…

You: As spoken, please think about various ways we can finance PP (from
external sources) from getting LPs to using the stream of revenues from the
Funds that we have participated in

Me: we discussed @ the American yesterday afternoon.

The key is timing for such fund to be made available / put another way
reduction of our commitment. If Chairman approves a 6 month period – then this
puts much pressure on the portfolio returns.

Developmental risk would deter most LPs to sign up to PPM now. This risk is
exacerbated as the potential LPs are not in the driver’s chair.

Using the stream of revenues from FOF is a good idea. This stream of revenue
will however shape up only in the next 3 years.

In the shorter term (ie up to 6 months), we are better placed to “sell down”
the FOF positions and @ the same time exit the investments in RedSpot and
Gina.

You: The US$25 net budget for PP is over the next 2 years until the project is
completed. Is this understanding correct?

Me: this is my back of the envelope calculation based on total gross
construction cost of PPM@ A$70m and on the ability to sell the current number
of apartments @ a reasonable price to the market (ie not a stretched price
target!). The number is the max outlay before bank debt kicks in …… So cost
containment is critical – let’s see what the team @ PPM can do ….

…

78 In cross-examination, BKW stated that the mention of US$25m in the 12 June
2008 e-mail was in reference to the seed funding for the hotel fund. However,
as Mr Yeo pointed out to him, the 12 June 2008 e-mail was in fact the first
document which referred to a US$25m net budget. This casts doubt on whether
the parties had in fact agreed that the Wees would limit their involvement in
Project Plaza to “seed money” of US$25m. Given that at the time, the parties
were discussing ways to finance the project externally, it is plausible,
notwithstanding BKW’s disagreement, that the US$25m figure was in fact derived
from their estimates of the external funding that they could secure for the
project (see the preceding paragraph where ECS’s response to the 12 June 2008
e-mail is quoted).

79 Related to the last-mentioned point is the fact that the creation of a
hotel fund in relation to Project Plaza appears to have been just one option
on the table. The first paragraph of the 12 June 2008 e-mail shows that BKW
was open to “various ways” of financing Project Plaza, including methods that
did not envisage the creation of a hotel fund at that point. In ECS’s response
to BKW’s e-mail, he expressed pessimism on the prospects of recruiting LPs to
sign on to Project Plaza due to the risks entailed in investing during the
project’s developmental stage (see the fourth paragraph of the 13 June 2008
e-mail). In fact, ECS’s “back of the envelope” calculation of the US$25m net
budget for Project Plaza factored in the sale of Project Plaza apartments and
bank debt, but excluded investment from LPs. We also pause to observe that, by
this time, the nature of the hotel fund appears to have deviated from the
parties’ original plan of having the redeveloped hotel up and running in order
to present a “unique selling proposition” to potential LPs (see above at
[58]).

80 As Project Plaza wore on (and the fall-out from the global financial crisis
intensified), the parties were still far from reaching a landing on the hotel
fund as it related to Project Plaza. This is evident from an e-mail discussion
in October 2008 between BKW and ECS following CSC’s query on the “budget
requirements from WWW for [Project Plaza] before making a decision”:

…

2\. She wants to know budget requirements from WWW for PP before making a
decision

Me [ECS]: [Project Plaza Modified] – may have to seriously consider pushing
back then the timeline and build more slowly. 3 years to build? Budget
requirements would definitely be a function of several things: project size,
complexity etc …

[BKW] – Suggest ED [Sylvia] does not call bro or mother about committing $50M
to PP – it would just rock the boat further

Meme [ECS]: suggest you speak w/ED [Sylvia]

[BKW:] 3 years to build? What is the longer term plan – are you still
considering hotel fund?

Meme [ECS]: chicken and egg I am afraid. No first deal etc … Difficult to
point to track record, hire folks etc …

3 years to build would buy more time, delay equity outflow etc …

…

81 In cross-examination, BKW confirmed that, at that point, there remained no
agreement on the hotel fund and he was asking ECS if the hotel fund was still
part of the plan. BKW further confirmed that ECS, through his “chicken and
egg” comment, was making the point that the parties needed a first project
with a track record in order to successfully launch the fund. It is evident
that the preoccupation of the parties was with securing funding for Project
Plaza; the creation of a hotel fund was at the highest, a funding option, and
one which became increasingly unviable as time wore on. While ECS’s comment
was a clear indication that a hotel fund was not possible at that particular
point in time, Project Plaza continued for about nine more months before the
Wees decided to terminate the project in July 2009. This suggests to us, once
again, that Project Plaza was not necessarily synonymous with the creation of
a hotel fund.

82 In fairness to the Wees, though, a couple of (closely related) points in
their favour with regard to this particular issue ought to be dealt with at
this juncture. It should be noted, first, that the parties, including BKW, did
refer, on occasion, to a “hotel fund” (see, for example, his e-mail dated 25
September 2008, reproduced above at [74]). Before the full effects of the
global financial crisis set in, ECS had, in an e-mail on 29 October 2007, also
informed BKW that one of his friends had set up his first fund of funds which
raised US$440m. This friend was “now shooting for USD 1 billion”. In response,
BKW asked, rather exuberantly, if they could “make the quantum leap even for
doing FOF and H Funds (ie everything we do!)?” To that, ECS replied: “Clearly
that is doable. First step PP / Branded hotel fund, then the ‘direct
investment programme’ followed by FOF. …”

83 However, such references must be viewed against the backdrop and context
set out in the preceding paragraphs – in particular, the fact that Sylvia had
been shouldering the bulk of the work for Project Plaza which (together with,
inter alia, the substantive attention as well as input of BKW (especially with
regard to the design of the hotel)) pointed to the conclusion that this
particular project was a discrete project for which management fees were
indeed payable. Whilst it did have some resonance with the WWW concept (and,
hence, the parties’ reference to a “hotel fund”, as just noted), it appears,
in our view, to be akin to the initial PE funds inasmuch as it appeared to
constitute a test bed of sorts in so far as a “hotel fund” was concerned (it
being common ground, as we have already noted, that the initial PE funds ought
therefore to be remunerated separately). Looked at in this light, there is no
inconsistency as such between the parties’ reference to a “hotel fund” on the
one hand and the discrete nature of Project Plaza itself on the other.

84 Secondly, and also in fairness to the Wees, we also note that Sylvia had
also referred to the need to utilise Project Plaza to establish a “brand
strategy” with regard to the WWW concept. For example, in an e-mail dated 24
September 2008 to BKW, she stated as follows:

Dear BK

All of us knows [sic] in theory that we must have the brand strategy before we
can have the PR and the rest.

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

However, as stated in the preceding paragraph, such a view is not inconsistent
with Project Plaza being contemplated by the parties as a test bed for the
long term development of the “hotel fund” component of the WWW concept.

85 However, this is not the end of the matter. Assuming that the Engs ought to
be remunerated with regard to their work on Project Plaza, it still has to be
determined whether or not the Engs ought to be remunerated on the basis of
either an implied contract or on a quantum meruit for an anticipated
(management) contract that did not ultimately materialise.

86 In our view, it would be somewhat artificial to locate an implied contract
between the parties. Hence, we find against the Engs on this aspect of their
case as we have described it at [36] above. We are also satisfied that no
concluded contract came into being on this aspect of the work done by the Engs
and it is therefore not a case of our implying a term into a contract that is
silent on the question of remuneration. That being said, in our judgment, it
would be more consistent with the relevant facts to find (and we do in fact
find) that the Engs had, in fact, undertaken the task of managing Project
Plaza with the expectation (or anticipation) that a management contract would
be finalised. This was the alternative way in which the Engs case was put and
it would necessarily mean that there was an (accompanying) expectation on the
part of the Engs that they would be separately remunerated for the work done
vis-à-vis this particular project. In our view, this is a fortiori the case
as, with the unfortunate (and serious) illness which BKW’s wife was stricken
with (as noted above), BKW had himself to take a break from the project and
left much of the heavy lifting with respect to this project to the Engs
(although, as we have observed, he continued to exert significant control). As
it turned out, no separate management contract ultimately came into being and
the Engs are, in our view, therefore entitled to be paid a reasonable sum for
the work done pursuant to Project Plaza.

87 It remains for us to determine what a reasonable sum to be awarded to the
Engs ought to be. The Wees had previously relied on their own expert witness
to support the view that a sum of about US$8m as management fees for the
administration and supervision of Project Plaza from 2005 to 2008 was
reasonable. Before us however, Mr Yeo referred to the Wees’ expert’s views as
a reference point to determine the amount that ought to be awarded. The Wees’
expert, Mr Anthony Brand (“Mr Brand”), was of the view that the role of CSP
(of which Sylvia was the executive director) over the course of 3 ½ years was
most properly described as that of project coordinator. To him, a reasonable
amount of fees would range from 3% to 5% of the estimated project cost of
A$100m. This estimation was underpinned by his opinion that Project Plaza was
neither a unique nor a complex project. While the Engs continue to assert that
Project Plaza was in fact complex and unique due to, inter alia, BKW’s
constant interference in what was originally supposed to be a two-year
project, Mr Yeo stated that a reasonable sum would be at least 5% or A$5m,
since he had no evidence on how much higher the work should be valued.

88 Mr Jeyaretnam, however, pointed out that the assessment of 3% to 5% of the
estimated cost was on the basis of full project completion. Mr Brand had found
that only 30% of the work had been done, which meant that the reasonable
amount would be pro-rated to about 1% to 1.5% of the estimated project cost of
A$100m. The design development phase should have been completed around the
third quarter of 2007 but this milestone had not been reached even when the
project was terminated in July 2009.

89 In cross-examination, Mr Brand explained as follows:

Sir, if it was just a standard project, it’s more likely to be around 3 per
cent because if it’s a slightly -- your Honour, if it's a slightly higher
quality design and requires more effort, you might go to 4 per cent. And if
it’s something that is complicated, outstanding, you might go to 5 per cent.
That is one way of assessing the 3 to 5 per cent. …

90 Mr Brand’s evidence was that, even if Project Plaza was unique or complex
(which he vehemently disagreed with), the fees would still be capped at 5% at
the highest, ostensibly because uniqueness or complexity would mean that the
estimated cost would be concomitantly higher and therefore yield a higher
absolute fee. In other words, he was not of the view that the percentage could
breach 5%, whether or not a project was unique or complex.

91 Turning to the facts of the present case, while Mr Brand was of the view
that Project Plaza was neither unique nor complex, we are of the view that
even if this was the case as viewed from an external standpoint, the
involvement and interference of BKW must have complicated the project
coordination efforts. For example, BKW was insistent on complying with the
feng shui master’s requirements, even in the face of delays and budgetary
issues. Mr Brand maintained that it was properly the role of the project
coordinator to ensure that the feng shui master “kept up to mark and … was
with the design phase all the way”. However, he did not have the benefit of
sitting through the trial in preparing his report. In fact, he did not have
the affidavits of the Wees, the Engs and all their correspondence over the
years. Indeed, he agreed that if BKW did not play a “normal role” as a client,
it would have made a difference to his opinion. On this basis, we are of the
view that the Engs’ fees for Project Plaza would be at the highest end of the
3% to 5% range of A$100m.

92 However, we recognise that some adjustment should be made to reflect the
reality that the project was stillborn. That having being said, we are not of
the view that the fees should be pro-rated to A$1.5m (being 30% of A$5m) to
reflect the incipient stage that Project Plaza was in. Given that the Project
Plaza stretched for about 3 ½ years (instead of the projected two years)
before the plug was pulled, but also bearing in mind that the Engs themselves
must bear some responsibility given their inexperience in overseeing
construction projects (see also the GD at [105]), we think that a reasonable
sum for the fees should be A$2m (being 40% of A$5m).

Conclusion

93 For the reasons set out above, we allow CA 97 in part inasmuch as the Engs
are entitled to be compensated for work done with regard to Project Plaza
(albeit not with regard to the additional PE funds). We decline to interfere
with the Judge’s findings on the other aspects of the Engs’ counter-claim.

CA 99

94 This particular appeal raises a discrete issue: whether the Wees are
obliged to pay the Engs management fees of 1.5% of US$30m per annum for the
initial PE funds even after the Wees commenced proceedings on April 2012 and
until the PE funds were transferred to them in September 2014.

95 The Wees contend that the obligation to pay management fees terminated upon
their directing the Engs to return the interests being managed, by
transferring the structure holding the PE funds – WPFOF – to the Wees. As will
be recalled, the only express term of the oral agreement is that the Wees
would pay the Engs management fees of 1.5% of the initial commitment amount of
US$30m for the initial PE funds annually. The parties never agreed on a
termination mechanism.

96 Implicit in the Wees’ case is the argument that the agreement is terminated
once they direct the Engs to return the initial PE funds to them. It is not
disputed that the Wees, being the beneficial owners of these funds, had every
right to demand their return. Indeed, this would have formed part of the
relevant background of which the agreement was entered into. It must also be
beyond dispute that the agreement – and the attendant entitlement to
management fees – would have terminated, at the latest, with the actual return
of the funds as there will no longer be any funds to manage.

97 However, we disagree that once the direction to return the funds is given,
the agreement is ipso facto terminated at that particular juncture. On the
other hand, to hold as the Judge did appears to us, with respect, to be wrong
in principle. To allow the agreement to subsist until the funds are
transferred to the Wees could lead to the invidious situation where the Engs
continue holding on to the PE funds for an unjustifiably long period of time
before returning them, while continuing to charge management fees in the
interim.

98 In the circumstances, it is necessary to imply a term that should the Wees
require the transfer of the initial PE funds (in the exercise of their
undisputed right to do so) thereby terminating the agreement, they must
furnish reasonable notice of this to the Engs. Where a contract is silent as
to its manner of termination by the parties, a party may terminate the
contract by giving reasonable notice to the other: see, for example, the
decision of the English High Court in Hamsard 3147 Limited Trading as “Mini
Mode Childrenswear”, J S Childrenswear Limited (in liquidation) v Boots UK Ltd
[2013] EWHC 3251 (Pat) (at [64]) (“Hamsard v Boots”), where it was common
ground that the period of notice must be “reasonable”.

99 Two questions arise from the implication of this term. First, the
identification of the notice. Second, the determination of a reasonable
duration from the time of the notice, which must always depend on the
particular facts of the particular case (see Hamsard v Boots at [65]). On the
first question, we find that the notice to terminate the arrangement by
requiring the transfer of the PE funds was unequivocally evinced on 2 April
2012, when BKW wrote to Sylvia and ECS (copying BTW) stating, inter alia, the
following:

Dear ED & Shoong

I refer to our previous correspondence.

…

Given that you have also clearly breached my instructions to proceed
expeditiously with the liquidation of the equity portfolio held through and
under [WPFOF], I also insist that you immediately transfer to me, all control,
all rights and all interests in and through [WPFOF] so that I can proceed with
the liquidation of the portfolio myself. Please let me know what documents I
have to sign to effect the transfer.

…

[emphasis added]

100 On 15 April 2012, BKW sent another e-mail to Sylvia (copying BTW and ECS),
stating, inter alia, as follows:

Dear ED

…

Please also kindly clarify, on an immediate basis, your statement in the last
paragraph of your email that states “except for the sale of the PE portfolios
by the GPs”. I have given no such instruction. My terms as per my email dated
2 April 2012 are for you to relinquish all control of the relevant entities
back to me as I will be handling the disposal of the PE portfolio myself.
Please let me have this confirmation by 17th April and if so, all the
necessary paperwork for the transfer of control must be completed no later
than the final deadline of 31 April 2012. …

[emphasis added]

101 On 18 April 2012, the Wees commenced action against the Engs, seeking,
inter alia, the transfer all of their investments, including PE investments
and the SPVs through which such investments were held.

102 We considered the Wees’ contention that the direction of the Engs to
return the interests being managed was in fact first given on 10 December
2011, when BKW wrote to the Engs (copying BTW) asking them to “arrange the
necessary documentation to transfer the ownership back to [the Wees]”.
However, the subsequent e-mails until 2 April 2012 demonstrate that another
option being contemplated was the liquidation of the portfolio through the
appointment of a sales agent instead of the Wees receiving the ownership of
the funds in order to liquidate their interests themselves. For example, on 28
January 2012, BKW proposed paying a 2% transaction fee if the entire PE
portfolio could be sold within three months at US$70m on the basis that Sylvia
was to source for a buyer, negotiate and complete the sale, or appoint a
broker to undertake the task. It seems to us that it would only be when the
Wees had finally settled on requiring the transfer of the funds to them that
the reasonable notice for termination through the acquisition of the initial
PE funds would commence.

103 The question that remains is the determination of the period of reasonable
notice before the agreement terminates and, consequently, when the Engs’
entitlement to management fee ends. On the facts of this case, a reasonable
notice period must factor in the time required for the Engs to complete the
transfer of the PE funds to the Wees after receiving notice. Before us, Mr
Jeyaretnam, working on the premise that the notice to terminate was given on
10 December 2011, suggested that a reasonable time for the Engs to transfer
the PE funds (during which the entitlement to management fees subsists) had
elapsed by the time the action was commenced on 18 April 2012. This works out
to a period of about four months. He made the point that much of the dispute
over the transfer arose over the insistence of the Engs to transfer individual
ownership of the PE funds to the Wees instead of simply transferring the SPVs
holding them. The former method created more administrative hassle due to the
need to, inter alia, inform the various fund managers, which would bog down
the transfer process.

104 In this regard, we see no legitimate reason for the Engs to have refused
to transfer WPFOF outright to the Wees. The incorporation, set-up and
maintenance costs of the SPVs were paid using the Wees’ funds. We agree with
the Judge’s finding that their refusal to transfer the disputed SPVs to the
Wees, including WPFOF, arose from nothing more than a desire to hold these
SPVs hostage as leverage for the Engs’ counterclaim. ECS had admitted as much
in cross-examination (see the GD at [46]).

105 The Judge delivered judgment on 27 May 2014 ordering, inter alia, the
transfer of WPFOF to the Wees. Upon his order, the transfer was duly completed
on 2 September 2014 – three months and six days after the order, a duration
that fell within the window of about four months put forward by Mr Jeyaretnam.
On this basis, the period of reasonable notice, which commenced from 2 April
2012, would have expired by 8 July 2012 (that is, three months and six days
from 2 April 2012). It is now common ground that the Wees had made payments of
the agreed management fees four times. These are for the periods August 2005
to July 2006, August 2006 to July 2007, August 2007 to July 2008 and July 2008
to June 2009. In view of the rough coincidence between the expiry of the
period of reasonable notice and the payment cycles, we hold that the Engs are
entitled to charge annual management fees for three further annual periods:
2009/2010, 2010/2011 and 2011/2012, with no pro-rating necessary. Before we
conclude this part of the judgment, we note that in his oral closing
submissions in the court below, Mr Yeo had also submitted that, in view of the
action having commenced in 2012, the Engs were not asking to be paid
management fees for 2012/2013 and 2013/2014 (although he later sought a
greater entitlement upon the Judge’s questioning).

Conclusion

106 For the reasons set out above, we allow both CA 97 and CA 99 in part. The
appellants in CA 97 are entitled to 50% of the costs both here and below. The
appellants in CA 99 are entitled to 50% of the costs both here and below.
There will be the usual consequential orders.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Quentin Loh  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Alvin Yeo SC, Koh Swee Yen, Jared Chen, Ho Wei Jie and Jill Ann Koh
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 97 of 2014 and the
respondents in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2014;  
Philip Jeyaratnam SC, Foo Maw Shen, Daryl Ong, Chu Hua Yi, Charmaine Kong and
Ooi Huey Hien (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondents in Civil Appeal No 97
of 2014 and the appellants in Civil Appeal No 99 of 2014.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

