Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 192

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9008 of 2016

Criminal Motion No 41 of 2016

Between

| Koh Chee Tong  
---|---  
  
… Appellant/Applicant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

ORAL JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Forms of punishment]

  
[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Adducing fresh evidence]

  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Koh Chee Tong

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 192

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9008 of 2016 and Criminal Motion No 41 of
2016  
See Kee Oon JC  
22 July 2016

9 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against a custodial sentence totalling 12 weeks’
imprisonment for offences under s 3(1) of the Computer Misuse and
Cybersecurity Act (Cap 50A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the CMCA”). The appellant had
pleaded guilty to four charges and he was sentenced by the learned district
judge on 4 January 2016 to six weeks’ imprisonment per charge, with two of the
sentences ordered to run consecutively. Twenty other similar charges were
taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

2 The appellant was a bank compliance officer who obtained bank customer
details and furnished them to unlicensed moneylenders to whom he owed
substantial debts. He had taken loans from the unlicensed moneylenders
allegedly because of his gambling habit. When he did not pay up, the
unlicensed moneylenders started harassing him. He gave in to their demands and
accessed the bank’s customer database to forward the details of a number of
customers to the unlicensed moneylenders. These acts of unauthorised access to
the bank’s computer system gave rise to the charges against him.

Criminal Motion 41 of 2016

3 Before addressing the appeal proper, I first deal with the threshold issue
of whether the appellant’s application in Criminal Motion 41 of 2016 (“CM
41/2016”) for leave to admit various pieces of fresh evidence should be
allowed. The test in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 requires the court to
be satisfied as to the non-availability, relevance and reliability of the
evidence In the context of this case, the second requirement of relevance
relates to whether the evidence would have had a material impact on the
sentence.

4 I start with the report dated 4 March 2016 (“the report”) that was jointly
produced by Ms Elizabeth Pang (“Ms Pang”), a psychologist, and Dr Munidasa
Winslow (“Dr Winslow”), a psychiatrist. The parties agree that this is the
most significant piece of evidence out of those that the appellant seeks leave
to admit.

5 I first address the issue of the availability of the report. It is not
disputed that the appellant could have sought professional help to deal with
his gambling habit but did not do so until after he had been sentenced. More
importantly, he accepts that he could have procured an appropriate psychiatric
report earlier if he had exercised some reasonable diligence. Taking into
consideration the observations of the High Court in Soh Meiyun v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 299 in relation to the question of the availability of
the evidence, I am prepared to allow the appellant the benefit of doubt and
accept his assertion that he might not have been adequately advised by his
former counsel (or at least that he might have misunderstood counsel’s advice)
and hence did not produce before the district judge what might have been
potentially relevant material for sentencing purposes.

6 Nevertheless, I am not persuaded that the condition of relevance is made
out. Simply put, I am not satisfied that the report, if admitted, would have
had an important influence on the result of the case.

7 The appellant’s primary argument in this regard is that Dr Winslow and Ms
Pang had stated in the report that his gambling disorder was “likely to have
affected [his] judgment when he committed the offences in October and November
2013”. He contends that this statement was essentially equivalent to finding a
causal link or at least a contributory factor connecting his disorder to the
commission of the offences. It should be borne in mind that such an expression
of opinion is a matter of some subjectivity. Even if I accept that the
appellant had a gambling disorder of considerable severity – and I will
proceed on this basis for the analysis that follows – I am unable to accept
the appellant’s argument for two main reasons.

8 First, I do not accept that his gambling disorder had a direct causal link
to his commission of the offences. The offences were not committed to
facilitate or finance his gambling, but were motivated by self-preservation,
to avoid further harassment from the unlicensed moneylenders. While it may be
accepted that his gambling disorder may have caused him not to be able to
resist gambling, and to that extent, caused him to incur gambling debts, we
should not lose sight of the fact that he had committed the offences in
question to avoid further harassment. His actions, while possibly impulsive
and ill-considered, still required conscious deliberation on his part. He may
have felt pressured but it is clear that the operative source of the pressure
was the harassment from the unlicensed moneylenders, and not his gambling
disorder. Put another way, but for the harassment, the offences in question
would not have come about. They would not have been committed if all we had
before us was evidence of a gambling disorder without any evidence of
involvement with unlicensed moneylenders and consequential harassment.

9 Second, even if my view is erroneous and Dr Winslow and Ms Pang’s statement
could be interpreted to mean that the appellant’s gambling disorder had a
direct and proximate relationship to the commission of the offences, I am
still not satisfied that the relevancy condition is met. It is important to
note that Dr Winslow and Ms Pang went on to caveat in the same sentence of the
report that the appellant “was aware of his actions” and “cogni[s]ant that
what he did was wrong”. This has two significant implications. First, to my
mind, this must then mean that the appellant’s judgment could not have been
materially affected. Second, this must also mean that even if his gambling
disorder had a direct impact on his decision-making in the commission of the
offences, it did not seriously inhibit his ability to make proper choices or
impair his ability to appreciate the nature and quality of his actions.

10 In Public Prosecutor v Chong Hou En [2015] 3 SLR 222 (at [23]), the High
Court noted the Court of Appeal’s observations in Lim Ghim Peow v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 1287 (at [25]–[39]) and reiterated that where there is
premeditation or a conscious choice to commit the offence, specific deterrence
remains relevant notwithstanding the existence of a mental disorder. The fact
that the appellant here knew what he was doing and that his actions were wrong
means that little or no mitigating weight can be placed on the fact that he
was suffering from a gambling disorder. Thus, even if I take the appellant’s
case at its highest and read the statement in question in a way that is most
beneficial to his case, the report would not have had a material impact on
sentencing and thus does not meet the relevancy condition.

11 On a related note, I also agree with the Prosecution that given the serious
nature of the offences and the need for general deterrence, the fact that the
appellant had a gambling disorder would not have materially influenced the
district judge’s decision even if this information had been before her. The
offences involved a clear breach of trust and a clear breach of the
confidentiality of the banks’ customers.

12 As for the remaining four pieces of evidence which the appellant seeks
leave to adduce, I am also of the view that the second condition of relevance
is not met as they would not have had a material impact on sentence. This
would mean that the test for leave to be granted for them to be admitted is
also not met, notwithstanding that I accept that at least two pieces of
evidence, namely the text message that he received on 4 January 2016 and the
police report that was made by his father on 6 May 2016, were not available at
the time prior to sentencing.

13 The appellant’s motion for leave to adduce fresh evidence in CM 41/2016 is
therefore dismissed. I turn now to the appeal against sentence.

The appeal against sentence

14 The appellant had sought on appeal to be permitted to undergo a Mandatory
Treatment Order or to be placed on probation. Looking at the circumstances of
the case in totality, in particular the need for general deterrence, it is
clear that these are not suitable punishments. The appellant had exploited his
position and breached the trust reposed in him by virtue of his capacity as a
compliance officer at the bank, which gave him access to sensitive and
confidential information of many bank account holders. The custodial threshold
has clearly been crossed.

15 The predicament that the appellant found himself in – where he was harassed
and threatened by the unlicensed moneylenders – may attract some sympathy, but
it had ensued from his own gambling habits. Little mitigating weight can be
placed on an offender’s explanation that he had committed an offence to avoid
harassment by unlicensed moneylenders from whom he had borrowed money to feed
his gambling habits. Otherwise, as the court had recognised in Public
Prosecutor v Nelson Jeyaraj s/o Chandran [2011] 2 SLR 1130 (at [56]), the
inadvertent consequence could be to encourage the continued exploitation of
easy prey.

16 The appellant raised other mitigating factors including the fact that he
had quit his job soon after on his own accord. I recognise that he is
remorseful and conscious of his wrongdoing and has sought to change his ways.
I am also heartened to hear that he has not reoffended and appears to be
seeking help to deal with his gambling disorder, and will urge him to continue
doing so. The relevant considerations had already been taken into account by
the district judge in arriving at the sentence, which in fact might have been
higher had these considerations not been present.

Conclusion

17 I am satisfied that the global sentence of 12 weeks’ imprisonment is not
manifestly excessive. In the premises, the appeal is without merit and is
dismissed.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Liang Hanwen Calvin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellant;  
April Phang Suet Fern, Ryan David Lim and Sanjiv Vaswani (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

