Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 02

Suit No 1213 of 2014

Between

CHIN KIM YON  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

  

And

CHIN KHENG HAI  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family law] — [Advancement] — [Presumption]

[Trusts] — [Resulting trusts] — [Presumed resulting trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chin Kim Yon

  
v

  

Chin Kheng Hai

[2016] SGHC 02

High Court — Suit No 1213 of 2014  
Tan Lee Meng SJ  
–5 August; 9 October 2015

6 January 2016 Judgment reserved.

Tan Lee Meng SJ:

1 This case concerns a dispute between the plaintiff, Mr Chin Kim Yon
(“Chin”), and his illegitimate son, the defendant, Mr Chin Kheng Hai (“Hai”).
The dispute relates to the ownership of 27 Hillview Avenue #08-06, Singapore
669559 (“the Hillview property”). Although Chin paid for the Hillview property
when it was purchased in 2000, it was registered in the names of his
illegitimate daughter, Ms Chin Yun Qin (“Qin”), who is Hai’s sister, and Hai.
Chin contended that the Hillview property is held for him under a purchase
money resulting trust and sought a declaration that he is the beneficial owner
of the said property. He also sought an order that Hai transfer all rights to
the Hillview property to him within 14 days of the order.

2 Hai, who denied that the Hillview property is beneficially owned by his
father, contended that the property was a gift to him and Qin. He relied on
the presumption of advancement and equitable estoppel to thwart his father’s
claim.

3 Hai also asserted that upon the death of Qin, who died intestate in January
2014, he was entitled to the latter’s half share of the Hillview property,
which was transferred to his father after Qin’s death. In his counterclaim,
Hai sought an order that his father transfer Qin’s half share of the Hillview
property to him.

Background

4 Chin, aged 76, worked for a long time as an illegal street hawker before he
secured a contract with Singapore Press Holdings for the distribution of
newspapers in Jurong. Subsequently, he expanded his newspaper distribution
business by acquiring a licence to distribute newspapers in Pasir Panjang.

5 In 1958, Chin married Mdm Sim Ah Swan. The couple had three sons and two
daughters.

6 Chin said that he and Mdm Sim often quarrelled and they ceased to contact
each other in 1969. By then, Chin was in a relationship with Hai’s mother, Mdm
Lim Ya. He and Mdm Lim Ya had two illegitimate children, namely, Qin, who was
born in 1965, and Hai, who was born in 1967.

7 Mdm Lim Ya helped Chin in his newspaper distribution business in the Jurong
area. Subsequently, Chin transferred his licence to distribute newspapers in
Jurong to her. Hai claimed that when he and Qin were in primary school, they
helped in the family’s newspaper distribution business.

8 After Hai completed his national service, Chin sent him to the United States
to study. Hai was abroad for six years and, after his graduation, he returned
to Singapore and stayed with Qin in the Hillview property, which was then
rented by the latter. At that time, Qin was running a business called “Sofa
Culture” at Shaw Centre in Scotts Road and Hai helped her in this business
after he returned to Singapore from the United States.

9 On 20 January 2000, Qin, who was then renting the Hillview property, took an
option for the purchase of the said property at $700,000 from her landlord. An
attempt by Qin and Hai to secure a loan from a bank for the purchase of this
property was unsuccessful. Chin, who said that Qin asked him for help, said
that he had “no choice” but to step in and pay for the said property. The
Hillview property was registered in the names of Hai and Qin as tenants in
common with equal shares. Chin said that, as a father, he had to act fairly
and that was why the Hillview property was registered in the names of both his
children. At the time the Hillview property was purchased, Hai was 33 years
old while Qin was 35 years old. Both of them were unmarried.

10 In June 2003, the Hillview property was mortgaged to DBS bank for a term
loan of $400,000 (“the DBS loan”) repayable over 20 years. Although the loan
was stated in the loan documents to be for “working capital financing”, it was
intended for the purchase of another property by Qin. Chin and Hai were named
as the borrowers of the DBS loan. Shortly after obtaining the said loan, Qin,
who was single, asked her father to add his name to hers for the purpose of
purchasing a HDB flat at 4 Holland Close #06-01 (“the Holland Close HDB flat”)
in July 2003.

11 The relationship between Chin and Hai deteriorated around 2013. Hai alleged
that his father did not treat his mother well and that he and his sister had
to look after their mother until she passed away on 30 March 2013. Chin, who
did not deny that Mdm Lim Ya left him to stay with her children, claimed that
she also stayed with him whenever she wanted to do so.

12 On 11 July 2013, a few months after his mother passed away, Hai went to a
house in Johor, at which his father and mother had stayed. Chin was also there
with some of his workers. According to Chin, Hai assaulted him and hit him
with a bottle after he told Hai to leave the house. However, Hai denied
hitting his father and alleged that it was in fact his father who had hit him
and who had asked his workers to do likewise. Police reports were lodged in
Johor by Hai and his father. In his police report, Chin said that Hai took
items from his home and that he was “really afraid of what could happen to
[him] in the future”.

13 Qin passed away on 22 January 2014. Chin claimed that he was entitled to
Qin’s half share of the Hillview property under the Intestate Succession Act
(Cap 146, 2013 Rev Ed) and applied for the Grant of Letters of Administration
for her estate. Qin’s half share of the Hillview property was transferred to
him on 13 December 2014. Hai did not object to this transfer at the material
time.

14 Chin discovered after the said transfer that Qin and Hai had defaulted in
the payment of some of the instalments due under the DBS loan. He also found
out that money was owed to the Management Corporation of the Hillview property
for maintenance fees and contributions to the sinking fund.

15 After making some payments for the outstanding maintenance fees for the
Hillview property and instalments for the DBS loan, Chin decided that the said
property should be sold as he did not wish to continue to make payments for
the DBS loan. His then solicitors, Toh Tan LLP, wrote to Hai on 11 July 2014
to propose that the Hillview property be sold by public auction by Knight
Frank Pte Ltd. In a number of letters and emails to Hai, Chin’s solicitors
never referred to the alleged resulting trust and did not assert that he was
the beneficial owner of Hai’s half share of the Hillview property. Instead,
Chin sought the co-operation of Hai as “co-owner” to sell the Hillview
property by public auction. As Hai had his doubts as to whether the said
property should be sold by public auction, no action was taken to sell it by
public auction. In the meantime, on 22 August 2014, the Hillview property was
valued at $1.25m by Jones Lang LaSalle.

16 Chin replaced his solicitors, Toh Tan LLP, with Winston Quek & Co. On 27
October 2014, Winston Quek & Co wrote to Hai to assert for the first time in
writing that Hai and Qin held the Hillview property on trust for their father
and to demand that Hai transfer his interest in the property to his father
within 14 days. As Hai did not accede to the demand, the suit before the court
was filed on 14 November 2014.

Abandonment of the counterclaim

17 In his counterclaim, Hai asserted that a father of an illegitimate child is
not entitled to a share of the child’s property under the Intestate Succession
Act and that his father had wrongfully acquired Qin’s half share of the
Hillview property after she died intestate in 2014. Hai further contended that
as he is Qin’s only sibling, he is entitled under the Intestate Succession Act
to Qin’s half share of the property. In view of this, Hai sought an order that
his father transfer Qin’s half share of the Hillview property to him.

18 At the commencement of the trial, Chin and Hai entered into a written
agreement for the counterclaim to be withdrawn with no order as to costs and
on certain other terms. As such, the counterclaim need not be considered any
further in this judgment.

The two-stage test for the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement

19 As mentioned, while Chin contended that the Hillview property was held on a
resulting trust for him, Hai denied that there was any such trust and relied
on the presumption of advancement.

20 In Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2 SLR(R) 108
(“Lau Siew Kim”), VK Rajah JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal,
pointed out that there is a two-stage test to be applied when considering the
presumptions of resulting trust and advancement. He stated (at [57]) as
follows:

… We are of the view that a two-stage test remains helpful and, indeed,
necessary. The court must first determine if the presumption of resulting
trust arises on the facts; and it is only if a resulting trust is presumed
that the presumption of advancement would apply to displace that initial
presumption. In addition, it should also be noted that the actual effect of
the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement relates to the burden of
proof in the particular case. … [emphasis in original]

21 In line with the two-stage test, whether there is a presumption of
resulting trust in favour of Chin will first be considered before the
presumption of advancement in Hai’s favour is dealt with.

The presumption of resulting trust

22 Chin claimed that as he paid for the Hillview property with his own funds,
it is presumed that there is a resulting trust of the said property in his
favour. It is trite law that when a person pays for a property and registers
it in the name of another person without any apparent reason, a resulting
trust arises in favour of the former in the absence of contrary evidence. In
Dyer v Dyer (1788) 2 Cox Eq Cas 92, Eyre CB said as follows (at 93):

… The clear result of all the cases, without a single exception, is, that the
trust of a legal estate, whether freehold, copyhold, or leasehold; whether
taken in the name of the purchasers and others jointly, or in the names of
others without that of the purchaser; whether in one name or several; whether
jointly or successive, results to the man who advances the purchase-money. …

23 As it was common ground that Chin paid the $700,000 required for the
purchase of the Hillview property, there is, without more, a presumption of
resulting trust in his favour. This is a rebuttable presumption and it is for
Hai to disprove it.

24 Hai accepted that there was a presumption of resulting trust in his
father’s favour. As such, Hai’s counsel, Mr Goh Peck San, advanced his case on
the basis of a presumption of advancement. This is understandable because if
there is a presumption of advancement, then it is for Chin to rebut the
presumption.

The presumption of advancement

25 The existence of a special relationship between a person who pays for
property and the person who is registered as the legal owner of that property
gives rise to a presumption of advancement in the sense that this relationship
is regarded as prima facie evidence that the former intends to give the
property to the latter. In Murless v Franklin (1818) 1 Swans 13, Lord Eldon LC
explained (at 17) that the “general rule that on a purchase by one man in the
name of another, the nominee is a trustee for the purchaser, is subject to
exception where the purchaser is under a species of natural obligation to
provide for the nominee”.

26 The most common examples of a special relationship that gives rise to a
presumption of advancement are when a husband transfers property to his wife
or pays for property registered in her name and where a father does the same
for his children. In the context of gratuitous transfers from a father to his
child, the presumption of advancement has, as was accepted by the Court of
Appeal in Lau Siew Kim (at [68]), also been justified on the basis of parental
love and affection.

27 The interplay between the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement
was considered by the Privy Council in Antoni and another v Antoni and others
[2007] All ER (D) 335 (“Antoni v Antoni”), where Lord Scott of Foscote said
(at [20]) that “[i]n the absence of adequate rebuttable evidence, the
presumption [of advancement] bars the application of the converse presumption,
namely, the presumption of a resulting trust”. Traditionally, the presumption
of advancement in favour of a child is regarded as quite strong. In the oft-
cited words of Evershed J in In re Roberts, Deceased [1946] Ch 1 (at 5), it
“is well-established that a father making payments on behalf of a son prima
facie, and in the absence of contrary evidence, is to be taken to be making
and intending an advance in favour of the son and for his benefit”. In Soar v
Foster (1858) 4 K & J 152, Sir W Page Wood VC stated (at 158) that the
presumption of advancement extends to a purchase by a father in the name of
his illegitimate child. It also extends to relationships between a child and a
person standing in loco parentis. While explaining the rationale for this
extension in Bennet v Bennet (1879) 10 Ch D 474, Jessel MR said (at 477) that,
in relation to a child, “a person not the father of the child may put himself
in the position of one in loco parentis to the child, and so incur the
obligation to make a provision for the child”.

28 The presumption of advancement has been criticised and there may be room
for debate on the scope of the decision of the House of Lords in Pettitt v
Pettitt [1970] AC 777 in relation to the application of the presumption of
advancement in the changed social circumstances of today. In that case, Lord
Reid noted (at 793) that the considerations that underpinned the presumption
of advancement in spousal relationships have largely lost their force so that
the strength of this presumption should generally have diminished significance
in the case of spousal relationships. However, it is pertinent to note that in
the local Court of Appeal decision of Low Gim Siah and others v Low Geok Khim
and another [2007] 1 SLR(R) 795 (“Low Gim Siah”), Chan Sek Keong CJ pointed
out (at [43]) that the cases where the presumption of advancement was held to
have lost its robustness or diminished in importance concerned joint
contributions by married couples in acquiring the matrimonial home or
properties acquired using joint savings and not the traditional and well-
established categories, such as that of father and child. For transfers of
property made in the context of these traditional relationships, Chan CJ said
(at [44]) that “there is no reason to treat the presumption of advancement as
having lost its robustness or diminished in its vigour, and there is no reason
why it should not be applied to resolve questions of title in the absence of
any evidence indicating otherwise” [emphasis added].

29 Chin’s counsel, Mr Winston Quek Seng Soon, pointed out that in Teo Siew Har
v Lee Kuan Yew [1999] 3 SLR(R) 410 (“Teo Siew Har”), Chao Hick Tin JA, who
delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, stated (at [29]) that the
“current approach towards the presumption of advancement is to treat it as an
evidential instrument of last resort where there is no direct evidence as to
the intention of the parties rather than as an oft-applied rule of thumb”.
However, in Low Gim Siah, Chan CJ explained (at [44]) that Chao JA’s statement
in Teo Siew Har is relevant only in a situation where the court needs to
determine the intention of both parties, as would be the case where both
parties have contributed or agreed to contribute to the acquisition and
subsequent upkeep of a matrimonial property. He added that it is obvious that
the intention of both parties would not be relevant in the traditional type of
relationship, such as that of father and son, where one provides for the other
and it is the provider’s intention alone that is relevant. Chan CJ added (at
[47]) that “the proper principle to apply in relation to rebutting the
presumption of advancement is that the more readily the presumption may be
inferred from the relationship, the greater is the evidence needed to rebut
it, and conversely, the less readily the presumption is inferable, the lesser
is the evidence needed to rebut it”.

30 In Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048, the Court of Appeal
issued a timely reminder (at [51]) that the presumption of advancement will
operate only where there is no direct evidence of the intention of the
parties. However, it does not follow, as was asserted by Chin’s counsel in his
written submissions, that the court should not apply the presumption of
advancement here merely because Chin is alive and has given evidence of his
intention in court. Much depends on whether his evidence of his intention at
the time the Hillview property was purchased is believable and whether there
is other evidence to rebut the presumption of advancement. That is why the
Court of Appeal stressed in Lau Siew Kim (at [78]) that the strength of the
presumption of advancement depends on the circumstances of each case.

31 Depending on the circumstances, it may not be easy to rebut the presumption
of advancement where there has been a gratuitous transfer of property from a
father to his children. In Grey v Grey (1677) 2 Swans 594 (“Grey v Grey”), a
father paid for a property that was registered in his son’s name. No express
trust was declared. Although there was evidence that the father received the
profits from the property for twenty years, entered into leases, took fines,
enclosed part of the property, built on the property and directed a settlement
to be drawn, it was held (at 598) that the “natural consideration of blood and
affection” was not displaced and the presumption of advancement was not
rebutted. Grey v Grey is still good law and is referred to in Lynton Tucker,
Nicholas le Poidevin and James Brightwell, Lewin on Trusts (Sweet & Maxwell,
19th Ed, 2015) at para 9-045. This text cites several cases that have followed
this decision, including Commissioner of Stamp Duties v Byrnes [1911] AC 386,
where the Privy Council took the view that a father’s receipt of rents from
properties given to his two sons did not convert a presumption of advancement
in favour of the sons into a trust in favour of the father.

32 While it has often been difficult to rebut the presumption of advancement
in a father-child relationship, it may be rebutted by evidence that the father
did not intend to give the property in question to the child. In Re Gooch
(1890) 62 LT 384, a father, who transferred certain shares in a company to his
eldest son, kept the share certificates and the son paid the dividends
received from those shares to his father. Kay J held that the presumption of
advancement was rebutted by evidence that the father transferred the shares to
his son in order to enable the latter to become eligible for appointment as a
director of the company and had not intended to give the shares to his son.

33 In Lavelle v Lavelle and others [2004] EWCA Civ 223 (“Lavelle v Lavelle”),
the presumption of advancement was also rebutted. The facts in this case,
shorn of details relating to an allegation of forgery, are as follows. In
1997, G purchased a flat in the outskirts of Manchester in the name of T, his
daughter. G contended that he bought the flat for his own use and that he
retained the beneficial interest in the flat. However, T, who pointed out that
her father had been taking advice on inheritance tax, asserted that he told
her in November 1996 that he wanted her and her brother, C, to be registered
as the owners of the flat in order to save on inheritance tax. As such, when
the flat was finally registered in her sole name, she considered that the
effect of this was to vest the flat in her to hold for the benefit of herself
and her brother absolutely. The trial judge started on the basis that, as T
was G’s daughter, there was a presumption of advancement but found that this
presumption was comprehensively rebutted by evidence that G bought the flat
for his own use and that he intended to retain the beneficial interest in the
flat. The trial judge thus gave a declaration that T held the flat on trust
for her father. The judgment was criticised by the English Court of Appeal as
discursive and not clearly setting out and resolving material issues but it
was nonetheless affirmed. What was “significant” to the Court of Appeal were
two statements, the first of which was made by T’s husband, who stated as
follows (at [46]):

… Solicitors were concerned that when the full truth of this actually dawned
on [G], that he would do something stupid such as cause damage to the
Property. Accordingly, in agreement with their solicitors, [T and her brother,
C] had resolved that the best thing to do was to change the locks on the
Property.

34 T’s husband’s “plainly hearsay” statement was held to do nothing more than
corroborate C’s witness statement, in which the latter stated as follows (at
[46]):

… [W]hen my father began to make his allegations about the Property, my
solicitors suggested that we should change the locks. Without waiving
privilege on the advice we received, their concern was that when my father
realised that he had given the Property as a gift and he could not claim it
back, he might do something stupid such as cause damage.

35 Lord Phillips MR, with whom May and Parker LJJ agreed, found that the two
statements referred to above suggested that G’s two children and their
solicitors were not confident that G had appreciated that he was giving away
his flat to his children when the property was purchased in 1997. His Lordship
added that the children’s contention that their father had intended to give
them the flat was based on a subsequent analysis of the legal effect of events
at the material time rather than upon their belief throughout that their
father had given the flat to them. Thus, the Court of Appeal held that G had a
beneficial interest in the property even though it was registered in his
daughter’s name.

The decision of the court

36 In the present case, attention must be focussed on Chin’s intention at the
time the Hillview property was purchased and registered in the names of his
children in 2000.

The state of the parties’ relationship in 2000

37 In Lau Siew Kim, the Court of Appeal stated (at [78]) that in relation to
the presumption of advancement, the state of the relationship between the
transferor of the property and the transferee is a factor to be considered to
determine whether, in the entirety of the circumstances, it may be readily
presumed that the transferor intended to make a gift to the transferee and, if
so, whether the evidence is sufficient to rebut the presumption, given the
appropriate strength of the presumption in a particular case. As such, it is
relevant whether the relationship between the parties was a close and caring
one or one of formal convenience when the Hillview property was purchased.

38 In the present case, the relationship between Chin and his illegitimate
children before and at the time of the purchase showed that he cared for them.
Chin testified that Qin tended “to look for” him and ask him for help and
added that, given Qin’s “character and temperament”, he had to “give her
advice every now and then”. As for Hai, Chin stated in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that he fulfilled all his duties as a father to
Hai. Although he also said that his relationship with Hai was only “for show”
and only “just to please each other”, he testified that whether or not the
relationship between him and Hai was sour, he did not just ignore the latter
and he, in his own words, took “good care” of Hai. Admittedly, Hai testified
that his father was vulgar and he did not feel his father’s love. However,
when cross-examined, Hai was emphatic that he did not, as was suggested by
Chin’s counsel, say that he had a “lousy” father.

39 It is also worth noting that when Hai did not do well in his GCE “O” Level
examinations and did not qualify for admission to pre-university courses in
Singapore, his father sent him to Canada and subsequently to the United States
to study. Hai said that he was in Canada for a foundation course and he
studied Business Administration in the United States. Chin said that he
remitted $36,000 per annum to Hai for more than seven years. Furthermore, when
Hai fell and injured his leg in a skiing accident in the United States in
1997, Chin was concerned enough to want him to return to Singapore for
treatment and went so far as to send Qin to the United States to accompany Hai
on the flight back to Singapore. When cross-examined on the accident and the
proposed surgery for his son’s legs, Chin said that while he left it to Hai to
decide on whether an operation was necessary, he preferred to have his friend,
a master masseur in Simpang Renggam, Johor, massage Hai’s leg. Chin
accompanied Hai for the treatment on some occasions.

40 Subsequently, Hai returned to the United States to complete his studies
and, when he graduated, Chin gave Hai’s mother and Qin money to go to the
United States to attend his commencement ceremony.

41 Chin also showed his fatherly concern for Qin and Hai when he testified as
follows as to why he paid $700,000 for the Hillview property: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2 at p 14 lines 6–10.

Q: … [I]n the year 2000, when your son and your daughter wanted to buy the
condo, they could not obtain a bank loan. You actually provided them with the
[$]700,000.

A: It was last minute, the payment was already due, I had no choice but to
help to pay.

[emphasis added]

Evidently, Chin had “no choice” but to give his children $700,000 only because
he cared for them.

42 Chin was also rather concerned that he should be a fair father to both Hai
and Qin. That was why he wanted the property registered in both their names.
When cross-examined, he stated as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1 at p 28 lines 4–10.

Q: … Now, did you tell the solicitor to put the property in your daughter and
your son’s name in equal shares?

A: Yes, 50% each.

Q: Why 50% each?

A: It’s fair.

Q: Fair to who?

A: There are my children, so half share for each.

[emphasis added]

43 When asked why he did not register the property solely in Qin’s name, Chin
reiterated as follows that he had to be fair to both Qin and Hai: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1 at p 26 lines 32 to p 27 line 5.

Q: … [W]hy wouldn’t you just have [Qin] alone as the owner?

A: They are sister and brother, so it’s for fairness.

…

A: As a father, I have two children, it’s better for … the property to be put
under both names.

[emphasis added]

44 Notably, Chin testified that if he should die, the Hillview property would
belong to Qin and Hai although he reserved the right to dispose of the
property while he was alive. This explains why he had arranged for the
property to be registered in both their names as tenants in common with equal
shares.

45 Chin’s evidence convinced me that he cared for Hai and Qin at the time he
purchased the Hillview property in their names in 2000. I was satisfied that
the state of the relationship between Chin and his illegitimate children at
the material time was such that this factor must be taken into account when
considering the weight to be given to the presumption of advancement in the
present case and whether or not there is sufficient evidence to rebut this
presumption. In holding that there is ample room for the operation of the
presumption of advancement in this case, I was mindful of the fact that Hai
and Qin were already adults when the Hillview property was purchased in 2000.
However, this is no reason to exclude the presumption of advancement.
Admittedly, in Pecore v Pecore [2007] 1 SCR 795 (“Pecore”), a decision of the
Canadian Supreme Court, the majority took the view that given that a principal
justification for the presumption of advancement is parental obligation to
support their dependent children, the presumption of advancement should not
apply in respect of independent adult children. However, Abella J dissented
and stated (at [98]) that the origin and persistence of the presumption of
advancement in gratuitous transfers to children cannot be attributed to their
father’s obligation to support them and natural affection was also an
underlying factor in the presumption of advancement in the case of a
gratuitous transfer to a child of any age. Notably , in Lau Siew Kim, the
Court of Appeal expressed (at [68]) that it was more inclined to Abella J’s
view in Pecore that the presumption of advancement emerges no less from
affection than from dependency. The court added that despite the majority view
in Pecore, the presumption of advancement should “apply to all gratuitous
transfers from parents to any of their children, regardless of the age of the
child or dependency of the child on the parent” [emphasis in original]. It
follows that the fact that Hai and Qin were adults when the Hillview property
was purchased and registered in their names does not stand in the way of the
application of the presumption of advancement.

Chin’s former solicitors’ letters and emails

46 Crucially, despite Chin’s assertion that he intended to keep the Hillview
property for himself and that he had told Qin and Hai about this, he made
several statements through his former solicitors, Toh Tan LLP, which totally
undermined his attempt to rebut the presumption of advancement. These
statements made by him in 2014, long after the purchase of the Hillview
property in 2000, are admissible against him. In Shephard and another v
Cartwright and others [1955] AC 431 (“Shephard v Cartwright”), Viscount
Simonds explained as follows (at 445) that declarations by a beneficiary of an
alleged trust against his own interest that are made after the purchase of the
property may be taken against him:

It must then be asked by what evidence can the presumption be rebutted … It
is, I think, correctly stated in substantially the same terms in every
textbook that I have consulted and supported by authority extending over a
long period of time. I will take, as an example, a passage from Snell’s
Equity, 24th ed, p 153, which is as follows:

“The acts and declarations of the parties before or at the time of the
purchase, or so immediately after it as to constitute a part of the
transaction, are admissible in evidence either for or against the party who
did the act or made the declaration ... But subsequent declarations are
admissible as evidence only against the party who made them, and not in his
favour.”

[emphasis added]

47 In Teo Siew Har, Chao JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, stated (at [34]) that the principle enunciated by the House of Lords
in Shephard v Cartwright that subsequent declarations made after the purchase
of property are only admissible against the party who made them and not in his
favour “makes a lot of practical sense” for if this was not the rule, a party
could advance his own case by making unilateral statements in favour of the
existence of a resulting trust.

48 Notably, Chin testified that he had informed his then solicitors, Toh Tan
LLP, that the Hillview property was held on trust for him. Despite this, Toh
Tan LLP’s letters and emails to Hai, which were written on Chin’s behalf,
consistently acknowledged that Hai had an interest in the Hillview property
and the question of a resulting trust in Chin’s favour or his beneficial
interest in the said property was never brought up.

49 The first opportunity for Toh Tan LLP to place on record that Chin is
beneficially entitled to the Hillview property was when the firm wrote to Hai
on 29 January 2014, very shortly after Qin’s death, as follows:

We are instructed Ms Chin Yun Qin, your co-owner of the abovementioned
property as tenant-in-common of an equal share, has passed away.

Upon Ms Chin’s demise, our client, as the sole parent, would be entitled to
the assets of Ms Chin if she had died intestate.

In the circumstances, we shall be grateful if you will let us know whether any
Will has been drawn by Ms Chin and, if so, whether any steps have so far been
taken by you in regard to application for probate.

Please let us hear from you as soon as possible.

[emphasis added]

50 In the above-mentioned letter, there is no mention of a resulting trust or
Chin’s beneficial interest in the Hillview property. Instead, Toh Tan LLP
referred to Qin as Hai’s “co-owner” of the said property. Rather telling is
the fact that Chin claimed to be entitled to Qin’s half share of the Hillview
property not because he held the beneficial interest in that half share but on
the disputed ground that he is entitled to it by virtue of the Intestate
Succession Act. In claiming Qin’s half share on the basis of an alleged
entitlement under the said Act, he was in fact implicitly conceding that had
Qin not died intestate but had willed her half share of the Hillview property
to Hai, the bequest would have been valid. This contradicts his claim that
there is a resulting trust of the Hillview property in his favour.

51 Following Chin’s decision to sell the Hillview property, Toh Tan LLP wrote
to Hai on 11 July 2014. The contents of this letter also undermined Chin’s
claim that Hai held a half share of the Hillview property on trust for him.
The said letter was worded as follows:

We act for Mr Chin Kim Yon who is now the joint owner of the property being a
tenant in common of a half share with you holding the other half share.

We are instructed our client intends to put the property up for sale by
auction to be conducted by the firm of Knight Frank Pte Ltd (“Knight Frank”).

In the event the auction is unsuccessful, our client will engage Knight Frank
to secure a buyer by private treaty.

As Knight Frank is a reputable firm of property consultants, our client trusts
you will accept that there is no issue of transparency.

To facilitate the foregoing, please let us have as solicitors a set of the
keys to the property within seven (7) days from the date hereof.

[emphasis added]

52 Two points may be noted about this letter of 11 July 2014. First, if there
was a resulting trust and Chin is the beneficial owner of the Hillview
property, he would surely have laid claim to the whole property. Instead, Toh
Tan LLP described Chin as the “joint owner” of the property and referred to
Hai as the person “holding the other half share”. Secondly, apart from
acknowledging that Hai is a joint owner holding the other half share, Toh Tan
LLP referred to the issue of transparency in the auction process for the sale
of the house. The question of transparency will only arise if Hai had an
interest in the Hillview property and is entitled to a share of the sale
proceeds. If he does not have an interest in the said property, the
transparency of the auction process is of no concern to him as his father
would be entitled to all the sale proceeds.

53 When cross-examined on why his solicitors did not mention the alleged
resulting trust in their letter dated 11 July 2014, Chin had no credible
answer and merely said that there was no need to mention the trust because “it
is very clear”. When it was pointed out to him that Toh Tan LLP had
acknowledged Hai’s half share of the property, Chin gave the absolutely
ridiculous answer that the contents of this letter were intended to “make
[Hai] happy” and did not affect the alleged resulting trust. The relevant part
of the proceedings is as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2 at p 21 line 8 to p 22 line 11.

Q: … Now, in this letter, first of all, there is no mention of any alleged
resulting trust.

A: It is very clear it is not necessary to mention. He knew it.

Q: In this letter on the contrary, it … recognises … the defendant’s
beneficial rights. …

…

A: I instructed my lawyer to write this letter because … I wanted to sell the
property by auction. And selling the property by auction, his name would be
there and that he needed to sign the document.

…

A: It was just to make him happy. Most of the time, he said that he was
unhappy. The sales proceed will still belongs [sic] to me ---

…

Q: … I want to stick to the contents of this letter, Mr Chin. Now this letter,
it also … recognises our client’s right to have a choice of … property
consultant, isn’t it? He has a choice.

A: That’s what I’m saying that --- just to make him happy. When I asked for a
set of key[s] from him, he was unhappy; he didn’t want to give me … a set of
keys.

[emphasis added]

54 In an email dated 18 August 2014 to Hai to persuade him to agree to the
sale of the property by auction, Toh Tan LLP again acknowledged Hai’s interest
in the property. The relevant part of this email was as follows:

If our client negotiates a private treaty at a certain price, you can say that
it was not the best price secured, the process is not transparent etc, etc.

…

Our client as a co-owner wishes to sell. … You say you do not want to go ahead
with this plan. What does this mean? Do you want the Bank to force-sell in the
end at a force-sale price which is not to your interest?

[emphasis added]

55 As stated earlier, if Hai has no interest in the Hillview property and no
share of the sale proceeds, he has no basis for complaining that the best
price has not been secured. By fearing that Hai might make such a complaint,
Chin accepted that Hai had an interest in the said property and especially so
when Toh Tan LLP again referred to him as a “co-owner” of the property without
mentioning the alleged resulting trust. Furthermore, Chin’s solicitors asked
Hai whether or not he wanted the bank to intervene and have a forced sale of
the property and remarked that a forced sale was not to Hai’s interest. If Hai
had no share of the sale proceeds, it is Chin and not Hai who will be
disadvantaged if a forced sale results in the property being sold at a lower
price. When cross-examined on why his solicitors had said that Hai would be
disadvantaged by a forced sale, Chin had no coherent answer, missed the point
altogether and started to talk about Qin’s death. His testimony was as
follows: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2 at p 25 line 29 to p 26 line 21.

Q: … If the property was purely held on resulting trust, any loss as a result
of a force-sale will not fall on my client. It is you to suffer, not my
client. So despite you having come to Court having said that you have informed
your daughter that the property was yours to control, your subsequent conduct
from the time you bought the property to the time the relationship soured, you
have not in any way showed that you were retaining the rights.

A: The defendant also knew --- he was fully aware I was the one who paid for
the property.

…

Q: … I put it [to you] that despite you today coming to Court telling us that
you have informed your daughter that you were retaining your rights to the
property … there is nothing which you have done to show that you were
retaining the rights.

A: My daughter already pass[ed] away. It is not that my daughter is still
surviving.

…

A: Because [Qin] already passed away, so there [was] this communication
between the lawyer and the defendant.

[emphasis added]

56 In his reply to Toh Tan LLP’s email of 18 August 2014 on 25 August 2014,
Hai stated as follows:

When I said, “I do not want to go ahead with this plan” I mean sell by
auction. Since auction is not my first choice, therefore it is not my
preference.

Although your client prefer selling the property by auction, but in the event
the auction is unsuccessful [your] client will secure a buyer by private
treaty.

So whether is by private treaty or auction, both owners have to agree on a
selling price first right?

[emphasis added]

57 Although it was evident from Hai’s email on 25 August 2014 that he was
asserting his right to agree to the selling price for the Hillview property on
the basis that he had a half share of the property, Chin admitted that Toh Tan
LLP did not reply to this letter to point out that Hai had no interest in the
said property.

58 Chin claimed that he did not know why his solicitors, Toh Tan LLP,
repeatedly acknowledged Hai’s half share of the Hillview property and failed
to assert on his behalf that there was a resulting trust. He should have but
did not call anyone from Toh Tan LLP to testify on whether he had given
instructions about the alleged resulting trust as he claimed and why his then
solicitors did not assert his claim to the beneficial ownership of the
Hillview property in this and several other letters and emails written by them
to Hai. As for Chin’s repeated assertion that he is an illiterate traditional
Chinese man who settled the issue of the alleged resulting trust verbally,
Hai’s counsel reminded him that the cross-examination concerned letters
written by his solicitors in 2014, at a time when his relationship with Hai
had already soured. Chin’s inadequate response was as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2 at p 28 lines 1–18.

Q: … [L]et’s put … aside whether you are … educated, whether you know how to
write. … [B]y the time you consulted Toh Tan LLP in January 2014, you have
perfectly the opportunity to seek legal advice. And I put it to you … at that
point, even the relationship was already so bad, there is no mention of
resulting trust.

A: Though we had squabbles, but then I did not keep it in my heart. I’m a
traditional Chinese man, and even my son assaulted me but I did not bear any
grudge against him.

…

Q: … The put question is this – that even after your relationship has soured,
2014, lawyers have already started corresponding with my client. ... Do you
agree there was nothing said?

A: It did not occur to me to take back the title deeds, but then I do not
agree to your suggestion.

59 What is quite clear is that the cumulative effect of Toh Tan LLP’s letters
and emails to Hai in the face of Chin’s claim that they were aware of his
beneficial interest in the Hillview property totally undermined his case
against the presumption of advancement in Hai’s favour.

Chin’s unsatisfactory evidence

60 Apart from the damning admissions in Toh Tan LLP’s letters against his
alleged interest in the Hillview property, Chin’s evidence on whether or not
the Hillview property was a gift to Qin and Hai left much to be desired.

61 Hai said that his father purchased the Hillview property for him and his
sister, Qin. He stated in his AEIC that when the Hillview property was about
to be purchased, his father told him and Qin that it was purchased for both of
them. During the trial, Hai steadfastly maintained that his father had made it
clear that he and Qin owned the said property absolutely.

62 In contrast, Chin claimed that he intended to keep the Hillview property
for himself. In his AEIC, he stated as follows:

I had made it very clear to my daughter and the Defendant that although the
property is registered in their names, it belongs to me and not to them. At no
material time did I evince any intention that the property was purchased for
the two of them. Contrary to what the Defendant asserts, I have never given
them any reason to believe that the property belongs to them and that they can
do whatever they wish to. I had informed my daughter and the Defendant that
they had to consult and to seek my permission if they wish to do anything with
regards to the property. I told them specifically that they cannot do as they
wish regarding the disposal or otherwise of the said property.

63 Chin testified that he spoke to his late daughter, Qin, about his vested
interest in the Hillview property only after the purchase of the property was
completed on 24 September 2000. Surprisingly, he could not remember where he
had this important conversation with Qin and testified that this was “only a
small matter”. Had Chin wanted to retain the beneficial interest in the
property, it is more likely than not he would have made this clear to Qin and
Hai before he parted with the $700,000 and not after the purchase of the
Hillview property. When asked who else was present when he spoke to Qin about
the alleged resulting trust, Chin said that her mother was present and that he
could not remember if anyone else was there. At this juncture of the cross-
examination, Chin did not refer to any conversation with Hai about the
resulting trust although he mentioned that Qin telephoned Hai to tell the
latter about their father’s beneficial interest in the Hillview property.
However, Chin subsequently testified that he also told Hai about the said
beneficial interest in his favour, an assertion vehemently denied by Hai.

64 If Chin wanted to keep the Hillview property for himself, he could easily
have had it registered in his own name. When cross-examined on why this was
not done, he gave a number of unsatisfactory answers. To begin with, he
testified that the property was registered in the names of his children
because he intended to acquire another property. He did not explain why the
proposed acquisition of another property was relevant to his decision not to
register the property in his own name. At that time, there were no additional
stamp duties for purchasing a second property.

65 Chin also testified that registering the property in the names of Qin and
Hai was a “temporary” measure to enable them to obtain a loan from the bank.
Chin did not explain why a loan was required when he had paid the purchase
price for the Hillview property. Did he expect his children to return him the
$700,000 that he paid for the Hillview property? However, Chin testified that
Qin and Hai had financial problems and could not even pay the rental for their
rented apartment before he purchased the Hillview property for them to stay in
2000. Furthermore, when Qin and Hai wanted to mortgage the Hillview property
to DBS in 2003, Chin stated in his AEIC that he was “reluctant” to have the
property mortgaged as he “had doubts on the ability of both of them to pay the
loan”. He added that it was only after his children continued to badger him
that he finally relented and agreed to the DBS loan. I thus do not believe
Chin’s assertion that registration of the Hillview property in the names of
his children in 2000 was to enable them to mortgage the property.

66 Chin next said that in 2000, he was already in his 60s and it made no
difference whether he registered the property in his own name or the names of
Qin and Hai. However, it is clear that he had given much thought to the
registration process from his evidence that he had wanted both Qin and Hai to
be the registered owners of the property as he, as a father, wanted to be fair
to the both of them. Furthermore, while he was not fully conversant with the
laws of bankruptcy, he knew that Qin was then running a sofa business and
conceded that he knew generally that if her business failed, there was a risk
that creditors might take over her share of the Hillview property. It was
suggested to him that as he knew about this risk, he would not have wanted to
run it and would have not have registered the said property in Qin’s name as
well if he did not intend to give her a half share of it. When questioned
about this risk, Chin denied saying that he did not know about creditors
taking over a debtor’s property but said that he was not too sure about this
matter. All he could say was that, should this problem arise, Qin would think
of a way to solve the problem.

67 Notably, Chin went so far as to state that the Hillview property was
registered in the names of both his children so that they would each get a
half share of it after his death. The relevant part of his testimony was as
follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1 at p 29 line 30 to p 30 line 5.

Q: … I put it to you that these two children were your only two children in
your second marriage. And when you decided to pay for the property, your
intention was to give it to them, and that was why you are putting it in equal
shares.

A: Intention is one thing. If I \--- should … die, then the property will be
theirs. But then I’m still alive, so I might want to sell the property or
whatever I … want to do with the property.

[emphasis added]

68 What Chin meant by “[i]ntention is one thing” was unclear but the fact
remains that he had thought about Qin and Hai each having a half share of the
property after his death. Furthermore, he never asked for the certificates of
title for the Hillview property to be kept by him and although he said that he
had asked for the keys to the said property, he was not given a set of keys.
In fact, he said that after the purchase of the property, he went to the
premises only “once or twice” several years after the purchase and only
because he had asked a friend to do painting works there for his children.

69 To sum up, Chin’s evidence on his intentions when the Hillview property was
purchased in 2000 did not rebut the presumption of advancement in Hai’s
favour.

Whether the DBS loan rebutted the presumption of advancement

70 I now turn to consider Chin’s assertion that the fact that he was involved
in the DBS loan, which concerned the mortgage of the Hillview property in 2003
to DBS bank for $400,000, showed that Hai and his sister were not the
beneficial owners of the property. This assertion did not further his case for
two reasons.

71 First, only events that constitute part of the original transaction
regarding the purchase of a property in the name of another are relevant for
the purpose of rebutting the presumption of advancement. Secondly, even if the
DBS loan is taken into account, the evidence before the court with respect to
this loan did not buttress his argument that he held the beneficial interest
in the Hillview property.

72 Numerous cases support the proposition that the mortgage of the Hillview
property to DBS bank in 2003, which was undertaken three years after the
purchase of the Hillview property, is not relevant as it does not shed light
on the state of Chin’s mind at the time the property was purchased in 2000. In
Shephard v Cartwright, a father, who purchased shares in the names of his
children, dealt with those shares and the proceeds of the said shares without
the informed consent of his children. When the children sought an account
after he died, his executors sought to rebut the presumption of advancement by
pointing out that there was a course of dealings beginning some five years
after the purchase of the shares that showed that the father had dealt with
the shares for several years as if they belonged to him and that it followed
that the shares belonged to the father’s estate. The House of Lords held that
such evidence was inadmissible as it was not connected to the original
transaction giving rise to the presumption of advancement and did not show
that the father did not intend to give the shares to his children at the time
they were purchased in the names of the children.

73 Subsequently, the strict approach in Shephard v Cartwright was relied on by
the Privy Council in Antoni v Antoni. In this case, a father, who was the
beneficial owner of shares in a property investment company, transferred his
beneficial interest in three of the said shares to his three children, with
each child getting one share. Subsequently, he remarried and revoked his old
will that left his property to his children. He made a fresh will to leave
everything to his new wife. After he died, the said wife claimed that the
children held the shares in question on resulting trust for their father. The
Privy Council took the view that the new will, which was made after the
transfer of the shares, shed no light on the father’s intention at the time of
the transfer of the father’s beneficial interest to the children and could not
be used as evidence to rebut the presumption of advancement because subsequent
acts and declarations of a transferor cannot be relied on to rebut the
presumption of advancement. Lord Scott reiterated (at [20]) that it is “well
established that evidence to rebut the presumption of advancement cannot take
the form of denials of a transferee’s beneficial ownership made by the
transferor after the event”.

74 Admittedly, there are a number of English cases favouring what may be
called a “looser approach”. In Lavelle v Lavelle, the court, which preferred
this looser approach, stated as follows (at [19]):

… It seems to me that it is not satisfactory to apply rigid rules of law to
the evidence that is admissible to rebut the presumption of advancement.
Plainly, self-serving statements or conduct of a transferor, who may long
after the transaction be regretting earlier generosity, carry little or no
weight. But words or conduct more proximate to the transaction itself should
be given the significance that they naturally bear as part of the overall
picture. …

[emphasis added]

75 In United Overseas Bank Ltd v Giok Bie Jao and others [2012] SGHC 56,
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J, who observed, obiter, (at [16]) that the looser
approach seems “eminently sensible”, referred to the following revised view in
Snell’s Equity (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2010) at para
25-013:

… The preferable approach nowadays may be to treat the parties’ subsequent
conduct as admissible even in their own favour, and to leave the court free to
assess its probative weight. This approach would be consistent with the looser
significance attached to the presumptions of resulting trust and of
advancement in the modern authorities.

76 More recently, the strict and looser approaches were considered by Vinodh
Coomaraswamy J in Tan Chin Hoon and others v Tan Choo Suan (in her personal
capacity and as executrix of the estate of Tan Kiam Toen (deceased) and others
and other matters [2015] SGHC 306, where he aptly pointed out (at [195]) as
follows:

The present case too does not require me to conclude whether the rule in
Shephard v Cartwright continues to apply. To my mind, the new approach is not
inconsistent with the general rule insofar as it accommodates the caution with
which a court must approach subsequent self-serving declarations, because of
the risk of a party using post-transaction declarations with hindsight to
recast their initial intent in order to bolster the case they now advance. The
principle that self-serving evidence is of little probative value underpins
both the established approach which excludes it entirely and the new approach
which makes its self-serving potential ultimately a matter of weight.

77 In line with the strict approach endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Teo
Siew Har, the DBS loan cannot be taken into account for the purpose of
determining Chin’s intention with respect to the beneficial interest in the
Hillview property when he paid the purchase price for this property in 2000.

78 Even if the looser approach is adopted, the fact that Qin included her
father’s name in the purchase of the Holland Close HDB flat long after the
purchase of the Hillview property did not, without more, rebut the presumption
of advancement as there was no proof that it is more probable than not that he
was involved because his consent was required for the mortgage of the Hillview
property. Hai said that he and his sister initially wanted to sell the
Hillview property and purchase two properties so that they would each have one
property. However, they realised that the proceeds of sale of the Hillview
property might not be enough for the purchase of two properties and they then
agreed to mortgage this property so that Qin could buy her own property and
they would have two properties in this way. Hai said that his father was
involved in the DBS loan only because Qin, who was then single, wanted to
purchase the Holland Close HDB flat and needed her father to be a joint
purchaser of the flat for the proposed purchase of the said flat to be
processed. Chin confirmed that Qin told him that he had to be a co-purchaser
of the Holland Close HDB flat before she could proceed with the purchase of
the said flat. I believe Hai’s version of events and do not accept that Chin
was involved with the DBS loan because his consent was needed for the Hillview
property to be mortgaged to DBS. It is more probable than not that this was
just another case where Chin’s fatherly love or concern for Qin led him to
help her acquire another property.

79 Chin’s evidence on the DBS loan undermined his credibility. When the cross-
examination on the loan proved vexing for him, he claimed that the matter was
“complicated”. Although he testified that he could not remember details about
the loan, he complained in his AEIC about the DBS loan at paras 16, 17 and 19
of his AEIC as follows:

16 … At that time, both my daughter and the Defendant had informed me that she
and the Defendant were considering to buy another property and suggested to me
to mortgage the property to secure a overdraft facility of $400,000.00. At
first, I was reluctant to agree to mortgage the property because I had doubts
on the ability of both of them to repay the loan.

17 However, my daughter and the Defendant continued to badger me to agree to
the mortgage and I finally relented.

….

19 However, it transpired that both the Defendant and my daughter did not
proceed with the purchase of another property but had utilised the loan for
their own personal use. I felt betrayed and cheated by their action[s].

[emphasis added]

80 Chin’s assertion that the DBS loan was not utilised for the purchase of
another property could not be substantiated as Qin purchased the Holland Close
HDB flat together with him after the loan was obtained. When cross-examined,
Chin’s testimony on the alleged betrayal and cheating did nothing to enhance
his credibility. Initially, he insisted that no property was bought with the
money obtained from DBS loan as he stated as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1 at p 32 lines 11–14.

Q: … [Y]ou maintain that you were cheated and betrayed because no property was
bought? ….

A: … I do not want to say something bad about them but they know themselves
that they took the money but they did not acquire another property.

[emphasis added]

81 When confronted with evidence that the Holland Close HDB flat was purchased
after the DBS loan was obtained and that he had, as a co-lessee, signed
various documents for the purchase of this flat, Chin changed tack and said
that he was not sure whether the said loan was utilised for the purchase of
the said HDB flat. His testimony was as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1 at p 32 line 24 to p 36 line 8.

Q: So are you still saying that the property was never bought?

A: Has nothing to do with the loan. It is complicated. I cannot remember many
details.

…

A: I’m not sure. And I … do not know whether the property was bought with the
overdraft.

…

Q: And yet, in your affidavit, paragraph 15, you said that you were cheated,
betrayed because no property was ever bought.

A: You cannot say that I’m … lying because they confuse me. On one hand, they
say that they wanted to acquire another property, then acquire a flat, and
then they want to do something else.

…

Q: So Mr Chin, if you … did not know what they were doing … you cannot in your
affidavit say that they did not buy the property, can you?

A: I do not have any … recollection about the HDB flat but I do not know …
they had used the money to buy the flat.

Q: … [Y]ou could have said in your affidavit … that you did not know what the
money was used for but you chose to say that no property was ever bought. It’s
a very specific assertion. …

A; Perhaps I’m uneducated, I do not [know] how to put it the right way. I’m
not like you as a lawyer.

82 I thus find that even if one adopts the looser approach in relation to
events subsequent to the purchase of the Hillview property, Chin’s
unsubstantiated assertions in relation to the DBS loan did not rebut the
presumption of advancement in Hai’s favour.

Equitable estoppel

83 As I have found in favour of Hai on the basis of the presumption of
advancement, Hai’s alternative case on equitable estoppel, which was rather
poorly presented, need not be considered. While it is much easier for Hai to
rely on the presumption of advancement to support his claim to a half share of
the Hillview property as that presumption has to be rebutted by Chin, it is
Hai who has to establish that he is entitled to rely on equitable estoppel.
There was clearly insufficient evidence to satisfy me that the question of
equitable estoppel arose.

Conclusion and costs

84 It appears that Chin’s change of position after having consistently
acknowledged Hai’s interest in the Hillview property was due to his new
solicitors’ analysis of the possible legal effect of events in 2000 when the
Hillview property was purchased rather than on his genuine belief that he held
the beneficial interest in the Hillview property.

85 For the reasons stated, Chin’s claim against Hai is dismissed with costs.

Tan Lee Meng  
Senior Judge

Winston Quek Seng Soon (Winston Quek & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Goh Peck San (P S Goh & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

