Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 205

Suit No 244 of 2013

Between

Danial Patrick Higgins  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
(2)| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
(3)| Pacific LNG Operations Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Suit No 733 of 2014

Between

Singapore Air Charter Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Danial Patrick Higgins  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Danial Patrick Higgins  
---  
  
… Plaintiff by counterclaim

And

| (1)| Philippe Emanuel Mulacek  
---|---  
(2)| Carlo Giuseppe Civelli  
(3)| Nicholas Johnstone  
(4)| Daniel Chance Walker  
(5)| Stefan Wood  
(6)| Singapore Air Charter Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants by counterclaim

judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Higgins, Danial Patrick

  
v

  

Mulacek, Philippe Emanuel and others and another suit

[2016] SGHC 205

High Court — Suit No 244 of 2013 and Suit No 733 of 2014  
Edmund Leow JC  
15–18, 22–24, 29–31 March; 18–21 July; 24 August 2016.

26 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 These two suits concern the purchase and management of a Gulfstream III
Corporate Jet (“the Aircraft”). The Aircraft was purchased by AirLNG Ltd
(“AirLNG”), a company registered in Labuan, Malaysia, at a price of US$2m in
March 2011. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1 ABD 132–133.

Mr Danial Higgins (“Mr Higgins”) acted for AirLNG in the purchase. Shortly
after the Aircraft was acquired, AirLNG entered into an Aircraft Management
Services Agreement (“the AMS Agreement”) with Singapore Air Charter Pte Ltd
(“SAC”), a Singapore incorporated company of which Mr Higgins was the Managing
Director (“MD”). In February 2012, the AMS Agreement was terminated but Mr
Higgins continued to do further work in relation to the Aircraft until May
2012, when AirLNG concluded an aircraft management contract with another
company. Meanwhile. Mr Higgins continued as the MD of SAC until he resigned
his position in July 2012. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 16.

2 This, in a nutshell, forms the background to the suits. Most of the events
which are material to this judgment took place between March 2011, when the
Aircraft was purchased, and July 2012, when Mr Higgins left SAC. I will
examine the facts in greater detail later but it suffices for now to sketch
the broad outlines of each suit.

(a) In Suit No 244 of 2013 (“Suit 244”), Mr Danial Higgins alleges that he had
entered into an oral contract with Mr Philippe Emanuel Mulacek (“Mr Mulacek”),
Mr Carlo Guiseppe Civelli (“Mr Civelli”), and Pacific LNG Operations Pte Ltd
(“PacLNG”) (which was beneficially owned by Mr Civelli) under which he was to
be remunerated for work done in relation to the management of the Aircraft. In
the alternative, and in the event the court finds that there was no such oral
contract, he brings a claim in restitution, arguing that he ought to be given
a reasonable sum in compensation for the work he did on behalf of the
defendants.

(b) In Suit No 733 of 2014 (“Suit 733”), SAC brings a claim against Mr Higgins
for breach of fiduciary duty. SAC’s case is that Mr Higgins had actively
worked to undermine SAC’s interests by, among other things, procuring the
termination of the AMS Agreement for his own benefit and by making secret
profits which he is not entitled to keep. In response, Mr Higgins
counterclaims against Mr Mulacek, Mr Civelli, SAC, as well as the remaining
directors of SAC – Mr Nicholas Johnstone (“Mr Johnstone”), Mr Danny Walker
(“Mr Walker”), and Mr Stefan Wood (“Mr Wood”) – for unpaid directors fees and
salary for the period between April and July 2012.

3 After careful consideration of the evidence presented, I dismissed Suit 244
in its entirety. As for Suit 733, I allowed SAC’s claim in full and Mr
Higgins’s counterclaim in part. For ease of exposition, I propose to deal with
the issues in each suit in sequence, rather than to go through the matters
chronologically. As will be clear in the course of my judgment, the matters in
both suits are closely inter-related and proceeding in this fashion will allow
a fuller picture of the relevant facts to be presented.

The facts

4 I begin with a more detailed recitation of the background facts. I will
refer to the parties by their names instead of their designations in the suits
(eg, “plaintiff”, “defendant” etc) for ease of exposition.

5 Mr Wood 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Stefan Wood in CWU 97/2014 dated 21 July 2014 at para 8 (Bundle
of CWU Affidavits (“BCA”) at Tab 2).

and Mr Johnstone 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Nicholas Johnstone in CWU 97/2014 dated 25 July 2014 at paras
19–22. (BCA Tab3).

were both pilots and in 2010, they decided to incorporate a company to
provide, among other things, air chartering services. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ibid at para 24.

Mr Johnstone invited Mr Higgins, who was also a pilot and whom he first met in
2001, to join them as the MD of SAC as he had experience in the corporate
aviation industry. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ibid at para 19, 25–28.

At that time, Mr Higgins was the MD of Montreal Asset Management (“MAM”), a
company involved in the shipping and oil trading business but which also
provided aviation consultancy services. SAC was incorporated on 7 September
2010 and its founding directors were Mr Johnstone, Mr Wood, Mr Higgins, and Mr
Higgins’s wife. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Danial Patrick Higgins dated 3 February 2016
at paras 8 and 40 (Bundle of AEICs (“BOAEIC”), Vol 1, p 10).

Purchase of the Aircraft

6 On 26 November 2010, Mr Higgins attended a networking event at the Fullerton
Hotel where he met Mr Mulacek, who was the Chief Executive Officer of Interoil
Corporation, a company publicly listed in the United States (“US”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ibid at para 43; Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at
para 8 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, p 718).

During that meeting, they discussed, among other things, the possibility that
Mr Mulacek might purchase a pre-owned corporate jet to fulfil his business
travel requirements. Three days after that meeting, on 29 November 2010, Mr
Higgins wrote to Mr Mulacek to explain that a Gulfstream aircraft might suit
Mr Mulacek’s needs. Mr Higgins proceeded to outline different purchasing
options and explained that “we” (by which he meant SAC) might be able to
assist through the provision of, among other things, air chartering services.
At the end of the email, he wrote: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1 ABD 118–119.

I hope this brief outline will assist you in your decision making process.
Please feel free to contact me or my Business Managing Nick Johnstone at any
time on the phone numbers shown on my business card. You can get me personally
on H.P. 9XXXXXXX …

We hope to be of service to InterOil in the future.

Yours truly

Danial Higgins

M.D. Singapore Air Charter

7 Over the next two months (December 2010 and January 2011), Mr Higgins wrote
several emails to Mr Mulacek in which he detailed the specifications and
prices of various Gulfstream aircraft which were available for sale. All of
these emails (save for one, in which he simply signed off as Dan Higgins) were
sent from Mr Higgins’s email account with SAC and he consistently identified
himself as the MD of SAC. Mr Johnstone was also copied in the correspondence.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 ABD 120–127.

Further discussions then took place between Mr Higgins, Mr Civelli (who was an
investor in InterOil) and Mr Mulacek. Following these discussions, it was
decided that the Aircraft was to be purchased from OK Consultants, an aircraft
dealer based in California, and that it would be beneficially held in the name
of a company which would be specifically incorporated for this purpose. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at paras 13–15 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, p 720).

8 On 8 March 2011, AirLNG was incorporated in Labuan, as Malaysia had a
double-taxation agreement with Papua New Guinea (“PNG”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE (29 March 2016, p 89, lines 20–25).

AirLNG’s two founding directors were Mr Civelli and one Mr Henry Edmond Aldorf
(“Mr Aldorf”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1 ABD 129.

Shortly after, Mr Jack Kendall (“Mr Kendall”) of OK Consultants Ltd sent a
draft Letter of Intent (“LOI”) to Mr Higgins. After an exchange of
correspondence, the LOI was amended by Mr Higgins and it was eventually signed
on 23 March 2011. The emails received by Mr Higgins during this period, unlike
that in the previous two months, were all addressed to his MAM email account
instead of his SAC email account. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1 ABD 140–146.

9 On 26 April 2011, Mr Aldorf granted Mr Higgins a power of attorney to act on
behalf of AirLNG and PacLNG in the purchase of the Aircraft. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1 ABD 184.

In preparation for the sale, approximately US$2.3m had been deposited in an
escrow account by Mr Civelli. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1 ABD 230–232; AEIC of Danial Higgins at para 80 (BOAEIC, Vol 1, p 19); NE (29
March 2016), p 101 at lines 9–13.

On 17 May 2011, Mr Higgins, on behalf of AirLNG, and Mr Jack Kendall, on
behalf of OK Consultants, gave detailed instructions on how the money in the
escrow account was to be disbursed. On the completion date of 18 May 2011, a
sum of $1.35m, representing the purchase price of the plane, was to be
transferred to an account specified by OK Consultants (the undisputed evidence
was that the Aircraft was owned by the Saudi Royal Family and OK Consultants
only acted as their brokers in the sale 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1 ABD 157.

). Thereafter, a series of payments were to be made to “[r]eimburse expenses”
and they were as follows: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

P5, p 2.

(a) $15,000 was to be transferred to SAC.

(b) $316,500 was to be transferred to MAM.

(c) $316,500 was to be transferred to OK Consultants.

(d) $1,690 was to be retained as escrow fees

(e) $4,400 was to be transferred to Mr Higgins for “payment for pre-buy
inspection instructions”.

(f) $2,325 was to be transferred to OK Consultants.

10 I pause to note that the escrow documents referred to above (“the Escrow
documents”) were not disclosed during the general discovery process but were
only disclosed following a keenly contested application for specific discovery
taken out during the course of the trial. The circumstances under which the
documents came to light is vital to Suit 733 and I will return to it later
(see [101] below). It suffices to note for now that under the purchase and
sale agreement for the Aircraft, the purchase price of the Aircraft was
expressed to be US2m and beneficial title passed to AirLNG. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1 ABD 187.

It was explained that OK Consultants remained the legal owners of the Aircraft
as the United States Federal Aviation Authority (“FAA”) required all aircraft
on its register be registered either in the name of a US citizen or a US
registered entity. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AEIC of Benjamin Yan Eng Ng dated 3 February 2016 at paras 6–7 (BOAEIC, Vol 3,
p 455); AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at para 22-23 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, p 722).

AMS Agreement

11 On 25 April 2011, shortly before the purchase of the Aircraft was
finalised, the AMS Agreement was concluded between SAC and AirLNG. SAC was
responsible for the use, management, operation, and maintenance of the
Aircraft for AirLNG’s exclusive use. In return, AirLNG was to pay SAC a sum of
US$25,000 a month in addition to paying each “Primary Flight Crew member” (ie,
the pilots) $11,875 a month. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1 ABD 176–181 at cll 1, 10, and 13.

12 For the first few months, matters ran smoothly and the Aircraft was used by
Mr Civelli, Mr Mulacek, and Mr Aldorf on a regular basis. During this time, Mr
Johnstone and Mr Walker – who joined SAC in April 2011 and received the title
of “Manager, Flight Operations” – served as the primary pilots. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Danial Higgins at para 88 (BOAEIC, Vol 1, p 21).

In the main, the Aircraft was used to ferry employees and potential investors
to Papua New Guinea (“PNG”), where both Mr Civelli (through PacLNG, which he
owned 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE (29 March 2016) at p 90, lines 9–15; NE (29 March 2016), p 99, line 3 to p
100, line 16.

) and InterOil had substantial business interests. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Suit 244 Defendants’ closing submissions at para 147.

Mr Higgins served as the primary point of contact between SAC and would
arrange for the charters with Mr Walker covering for him in his absence. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at para 23 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, p 723).

13 Sometime in August 2011, Mr Mulacek proposed that SAC assist him with the
running of an aircraft management company in Papua New Guinea – National Air
Services (“NAS”). The correspondence reveals that the directors of SAC
discussed the NAS proposal actively 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

5 ABD 1127.

and it featured on the agenda of their meetings. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2 ABD 367–368.

However, it eventually came to naught as none of the directors in SAC wished
to be based permanently in PNG. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of Danial Higgins at paras 90–93 (BOAEIC, Vol 1, p 22).

This proved to be the beginning of many disagreements between the directors of
SAC. These disagreements ran the gamut from Mr Higgins’s remuneration and the
extent of his commitment to SAC to the proposed salary increases for Mr
Johnstone and Mr Walker. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Nicholas Johnstone at paras 19–26 (BOAEIC, Vol 2, pp 364–366); Suit
244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 88–89.

Relationships deteriorated, to the point where Mr Higgins was no longer on
speaking terms with Mr Walker and Mr Wood, leaving Mr Johnstone to act as the
intermediary between them. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Nicholas Johnstone at para 26 (BOAEIC, Vol 2, p 366).

14 Matters came to a head at the end of 2011, when the Aircraft was grounded
for scheduled maintenance. Due to corrosion which was detected at the wing of
the Aircraft, it was grounded for longer than expected, much to Mr Mulacek’s
dissatisfaction, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2 ABD 446–451.

and it only returned to service on 13 February 2012. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at para 26 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, p 723).

At the end of December 2011, Mr Johnstone resigned from his position as a
pilot on the ground of ill health though he indicated his willingness to fly
until May 2012 if necessary. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2 ABD 428.

Mr Walker also returned to Australia for a four week vacation over the
Christmas/New Year period. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AEIC of Danny Chance Walker dated 3 February 2016 at para 20 (BOAEIC, Vol 2, p
312).

15 On 25 January 2012, Mr Higgins wrote to the other directors in SAC
explaining that he had just met Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli last week. He
explained that both of them were unhappy with, among other things: Mr
Johnstone’s resignation as a pilot, Mr Walker’s extended vacation, and the
fact that neither Mr Johnstone nor Mr Walker showed much interest in dealing
with the issues arising from the maintenance of the Aircraft. He informed them
that Mr Mulacek had proposed two possible courses of action. First, Mr Mulacek
would buy into SAC and retain Mr Higgins’s as the MD. Second, the AMS
Agreement would be terminated and the contract would be reassigned to a new
company (which Mr Higgins would head) and this new company would manage both
the [Aircraft] as well as “all of the PNG flight operations”. This was
referred to during the trial as the “two-options email”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

5 ABD 1167–1169.

16 On 27 January 2012, Mr Higgins, Mr Civelli, and Mr Mulacek met at the
offices of InterOil Corporation in Singapore to discuss, among other things,
the termination of the AMS Agreement. This meeting is central to Mr Higgins’s
case in Suit 244 and I will return to it later. On 29 January 2012, Mr Walker
tendered his resignation as the manager of SAC’s flight operations but offered
to continue serving as a pilot. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2 ABD 523.

His resignation was accepted by Mr Higgins but his offer to continue as a
pilot was turned down. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2 ABD 541–542.

Termination of AMS Agreement

17 On 9 February 2012, Mr Benjamin Ng (“Mr Ng”), a Financial Controller with
PacLNG who assisted Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli with matters relating to the
Aircraft, sent a draft notice of termination to Mr Higgins. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2 ABD 574–575.

Prior to this, Mr Higgins and Mr Ng had been corresponding on a range of
matters and this draft was sent to Mr Higgins at his personal email address at
his request. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

5 ABD 1178–1179.

The termination was expressed to take effect from 22 December 2012 and in the
third paragraph of the notice, it was stated that the AMS Agreement was being
terminated because “the management and pilots failed to work together to
minimise the down time and damage to the owners in a poor execution of duties,
with extensive holidays”. The next day (10 February 2012), Mr Higgins and Mr
Ng met. Mr Ng printed a copy of the notice and Mr Higgins signed it in Mr Ng’s
presence. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

D19 at paras 4–5; D20, pp 20–21.

18 However, Mr Higgins did not inform his fellow directors that the AMS
Agreement had been terminated. Indeed, he said nothing to his fellow directors
about the notice of termination until 28 February 2012, when he sent them an
electronic copy of the draft notice of termination (that is to say, the one
sent to him on 9 February 2012 instead of the one he had signed and returned
on 10 February 2012). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

5 ABD 1186 and 1191.

On 29 February 2012, Mr Johnstone wrote to Mr Ng on behalf of SAC to inform
him that Mr Higgins would be signing the notice behalf of SAC. Mr Ng forwarded
this email to Mr Higgins. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

5 ABD 1242.

During the trial, Mr Higgins maintained, first, that he did not communicate
with Mr Ng in relation to the draft termination letter 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE (18 March 2016), p 26, lines 3–6.

and second, that he first received the draft termination letter on 28 February
2012. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE (18 March 2016), p 29, line 12 to p 30, line 13.

As is clear from the foregoing, both of these averments are false.

Post termination events

19 Following termination, the Aircraft continued to be managed by SAC until 22
March 2012, for that was when the termination would took effect. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Cl 14 of the AMS Agreement (1 ABD 181).

During this time, Mr Higgins continued to correspond with both Mr Ng and Mr
Mulacek on a range of matters relating to the Aircraft.

Registration in Malaysia

20 On 12 March 2012, Mr Kendall of OK Consultants sent an urgent email to Mr
Higgins to inform him that his company was under significant pressure from the
US tax authorities as a result of the Aircraft. He insisted that the Aircraft
be transferred to another registry or, if it was to remain on the US registry,
that it be registered in the name of another company. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

3 ABD 664-665.

This triggered an exchange of emails between Mr Mulacek and Mr Higgins at the
end of which Mr Mulacek approved of Mr Higgins’s plan for the Aircraft to be
flown to Malaysia and parked pending re-registration in another jurisdiction.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

3 ABD 663.

The precise reasons why it was decided that the Aircraft was to be
deregistered from the US were keenly disputed, 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 273-274; Suit 244
Defendants’ closing submissions at paras 85-87.

and I will return to it later. It suffices to say for now that the Aircraft
was moved to Malaysia on 16 March 2012 and efforts were made for it to be
registered there. However, it was soon discovered that registration in
Malaysia was not viable as the Aircraft would be the first of its type
registered in the jurisdiction and the process would therefore be
prohibitively expensive and time-consuming. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE (21 July 2016), p 88, line 1 to p 89, line 18.

Efforts to register the Aircraft in Malaysia were then abandoned.

21 Apart from the efforts to register the Aircraft in Malaysia, there were
several emails in which Mr Higgins broached the possibility that the Aircraft
might be registered in other jurisdictions. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

3 ABD 807; AEIC of Danial Patrick Higgins at p Tab 39 (BOAEIC, Vol 1, p 237).

However, nothing came of these efforts and the Aircraft remained stateless.
Between 19 March 2012 and 31 July 2012, after it was restored to the US
Register and had received a certificate of airworthiness (see [23] below), the
Aircraft was grounded for over four months. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at para 40 and 46 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, pp 727 and
729).

The incorporation of SAM and the resignation of Mr Higgins

22 On 28 March 2012, Mr Higgins incorporated Singapore Aircraft Management Pte
Ltd (“SAM”). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

4 ABD 1047.

The next day, 29 March 2012, Mr Higgins submitted a draft aircraft management
contract to Mr Ng with instructions that it was to be sent on to Mr Mulacek,
Mr Civelli, and Mr Aldorf. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

3 ABD 699–703.

The terms of the draft, which I shall refer to as the “draft SAM management
contract” were almost identical to the AMS Agreement. This draft was duly
forwarded to Mr Aldorf, who responded swiftly to Mr Ng to state that the draft
was “not acceptable to us” and that Mr Higgins “must be dreaming”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

3 ABD 705.

In the event, no agreement was concluded with SAM.

23 The parties continued to correspond over the next few months. The contents
of these communications will be discussed later but it suffices to note for
now that these conversations related mostly to Mr Higgins’s attempt to
conclude a new contract for the management of the Aircraft. These efforts
proved unsuccessful and no written contract was concluded. At the start of May
2012, Mr Higgins was asked to stop all the work he was doing in relation to
the registration of the Aircraft 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

3 ABD 778 and 799.

and he did. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE (17 March 2016), p 122, line 19 to p 123, line 19; 3 ABD 800–801.

Meanwhile, Mr Ng took steps to engage another aircraft management company. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

3 ABD 790.

On 8 May 2012, AirLNG signed an aircraft management contract with Asia
Aviation Company Pte Ltd (“AAC”), 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

4 ABD 877–885.

which promptly took steps to re-register the Aircraft in the US. This was done
on 11 July 2012 and the certificate of airworthiness was granted on 31 July
2012, after which the Aircraft returned to active service. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at paras 45–48 (BOAEIC, Vol 4, pp 729).

24 Eventually, the other directors of SAC found out that Mr Higgins had set up
SAM. On 22 June 2012, Mr Wood requisitioned an extraordinary general meeting
(“EGM”) for the purpose of removing Mr Higgins and his wife from their
directorships. An EGM was scheduled for 19 July 2012 and a notice was
circulated to this effect. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

5 ABD 1203–1204.

On the appointed day, Mr Higgins and his wife arrived before the commencement
of the EGM to tender their resignations and left immediately afterwards.
Nevertheless, the resolution for their removal as directors was passed
unanimously and their voluntarily resignations were also duly recorded in the
minutes of meeting. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

4 ABD 999–1000.

Suit 244

25 In Suit 244, Mr Higgins brings a claim for breach of contract. His case is
that Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli, whom he says were the true beneficial owners
of the Aircraft, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 21 and 27.

were unhappy with SAC’s performance and wanted him to take over. To this end,
they met at the offices of InterOil Corporation in Singapore on 27 January
2012 and orally agreed that Mr Higgins was to incorporate a new company to
take over the management of the Aircraft after the termination of the AMS
Agreement. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 170 and 186; Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 2) in S 244/2013 (“SOC (S 244)” at para 28 (Bundle of
Consolidated Pleadings at Trial (“BOP”) at p 57).

The contracting parties to this oral contract were himself, Mr Mulacek, Mr
Civelli, and PacLNG and the terms of this oral contract were to mirror those
of the AMS Agreement save only that its scope would be expanded to include
certain projects which Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli were carrying out in PNG. Mr
Higgins pleads that he is therefore contractually entitled to, among other
things, a sum of $532,209,59 for consultancy services rendered between
February 2012 and March 2013. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

SOC (S 244) at para 75 (BOP at p 85).

26 In his submissions (though not in his pleadings), Mr Higgins also submits
that the oral contract was “re-entered into on 8 May 2012 and applied from
that date on”. He explains that at this meeting, which also took place at
Interoil’s office, he was instructed that he would not be involved in the
projects which the defendants were undertaking in PNG (chiefly, the NAS
Project, which he had originally been promised under the alleged oral
agreement concluded on 27 January 2012) but that his services would be
retained and he would be paid a sum of US$25,000 a month. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 204–208 and 217; Suit 244
Plaintiff’s reply submission at para 16.

27 In the alternative, Mr Higgins submits that he is entitled to be given a
reasonable sum in recompense for the work he had undertaken in relation to the
Aircraft which he argues benefitted the defendants. These included, among
other things, the efforts he made towards getting the Aircraft registered and
the efforts he made to procure an alternative pilot for the Aircraft. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 246–250; 266.

Mr Higgins advances his claim on both contractual and restitutionary grounds.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Ibid at para 261.

28 Against this background, three issues arise for decision:

(a) Whether there was an oral contract on 27 January 2012;

(b) whether there was an oral contract on 8 May 2012; and

(c) whether Mr Higgins is entitled to be given a reasonable sum for the work
he did in relation to the Aircraft.

No oral contract on 27 January 2012

29 There is no question that contracts need not be in writing and that oral
contracts can give rise to binding obligations. However, it is settled law
that in order for there to be a contract, there must be a “meeting of minds to
be bound by terms which are both certain and complete” [emphasis added] (see
Likpin International Ltd v Swiber Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR 962
(“Likpin”) at [42]). It does not matter, for this purpose, whether the
contract was agreed orally or whether it was written. After examining the
evidence, it is clear to me that there was no such meeting of minds on 27
January 2012.

30 First, I find it highly improbable that Mr Mulacek, Mr Civelli, and PacLNG
would have concluded an agreement for the management of the Aircraft without
the involvement of AirLNG. As noted at [7]–[8] above, AirLNG was a special
purpose vehicle incorporated in Labuan for tax reasons. AirLNG was the
contracting party to both the AMS Agreement as well as the subsequent
management agreement with AAC and it paid all the invoices rendered by SAC
during the subsistence of the AMS Agreement. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

D14; NE (19 July 2016) at p 115, line 14 to p 117, line 2.

While it is undisputed that the Aircraft was used mostly to further the
defendants’ business interests in PNG, it is clear that they had always done
so through the agency of AirLNG. I find it highly unlikely that Mr Mulacek and
Mr Civelli, as experienced businessmen, would have concluded an agreement with
Mr Higgins in their personal capacities when this would undo all the tax
advantages gained from the setting up of AirLNG in the first place.

31 For this reason, the defendants submitted that Suit 244 must fail in limine
because it ought to have been taken out against AirLNG instead. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Suit 244 Defendants’ closing submissions at paras 144–145.

As a technical argument, this fails. It is open for Mr Higgins to run the
argument that the contracting parties were persons other than the original
parties to the AMS Agreement and to hold them liable for breach of contract.
However, as a factual matter, the defendants’ argument reveals how factually
incongruous Mr Higgins’s case is and it is a factor I took into account in
assessing the veracity of Mr Higgins claim that there was such an oral
contract.

32 Second, I find that the correspondence exchanged between the parties
between February and May 2012 clearly shows that they were – even taking Mr
Higgins’s case at the highest – still in the midst of negotiations and that
there could not possibly have been a concluded oral agreement on 27 January
2012. When Mr Higgins sent Mr Ng the draft SAM Agreement on 29 March 2012, he
wrote in his covering email that this was a “Draft contract for operation of
[the Aircraft] for the next 12 months” [emphasis added]. I have emphasised the
word “Draft” because it is clear to me that even Mr Higgins did not think that
there was any concluded agreement and, more importantly, he did not allude to
the fact that the draft merely reflected what had previously been agreed on 27
January 2012. This was not, as Mr Higgins now submits, an attempt to
regularise the oral contract in writing; rather, it was an attempt to conclude
an agreement where none previously existed. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 196.

This is consistent with the position taken by Mr Aldorf who said, perhaps
somewhat unkindly, that Mr Higgins “must be dreaming” (see [22] above).

33 Over the next few months, Mr Higgins continued to make further efforts to
conclude a new management agreement. On 10 April 2012, he wrote to Mr Ng
saying that he was “doing lots of work trying to get the aircraft re-
registered, essentially for free at the moment”. In the same email, he also
explained that he had paid the salaries of the contract pilots and that it was
only right that “when the new contract is signed it should be backdated.” 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

5 ABD 1253.

Two things are clear from this: first, there was no agreement between the
parties at the time; second, the parties were still in the midst of
negotiations. On 15 April 2012, Mr Higgins wrote to Mr Mulacek as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

3 ABD 773.

Would you be so kind as to produce and have signed, on an AirLNG letterhead,
something along the lines of the attached draft. I cannot currently sign any
documents relating to the GIII or the Malaysian registration, as do not have a
contract with AirLNG. (In fact I have already done so, but it has no legal
validity until I have written authority from AirLNG).

If you want to postpone the singing of a new contract, pending further
discussion on my involvement in the newly formed AirLNG (Singapore) Ltd., that
is OK. However, for the time being I need a short term Consultancy Agreement,
backdated to 22nd March to allow me to proceed with both the Malaysian DCA and
Jet Aviation. Shall we say 6 months at USD$35,000 plus expenses? I sent a
draft copy of a Consultancy Agreement to yourself and Ben a few days ago.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Mr Higgins was making two requests: first, he wanted a letter of authority to
enable him to represent AirLNG in negotiations with the Malaysian aviation
authorities; second, he wanted to conclude a contract to formalise his
relationship with the newly-formed AirLNG (Singapore) Ltd. Mr Higgins
specifically clarified, in relation to his second request, that in the absence
of a firm agreement on his long term involvement, he was happy for a short
term consultancy agreement to be signed first.

34 In response, a signed letter of authority was duly provided. It was a brief
letter with an AirLNG letterhead that was signed by Mr Mulacek and addressed
to the Department of Civil Aviation in Malaysia. It read: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

3 ABD 772.

This letter confirms that Danial Higgins… is employed as Consultant to AirLNG
Ltd. Furthermore, this letter constitutes full authority from our company to
Mr Higgins to approve and sign all documents relating to our aircraft. Mr
Higgins is authorized to represent our company in all aspects relating to the
certification and registration in Malaysia of our company aircraft [...]

35 Despite the language of employment, however, it is clear that there was no
agreement on the request for a consultancy agreement. The very next day (16
April 2012), Mr Ng wrote to Mr Higgins to suggest that when he had a chance,
he ought to have a “chat with [Mr Mulacek] on the temp consultancy” and that
he believed that they “may have an understanding moving forward”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

3 ABD 773.

However, there is no evidence that this proposed discussion with Mr Mulacek
ever took place. On 17 April 2012, Mr Higgins wrote to Mr Ng in relation to,
among other things, his request to be paid in advance for a Gulfstream III
“Simuflite” pilot training course which he intended to enroll a prospective
pilot on. At the end of the email. He wrote in frustration, “I have to pay for
a GIII pilot training course for a new Captain, by end of this week. I don’t
have any contract with AirLNG so I don’t see how I can be expected to finance
this” [emphasis added]. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

3 ABD 776.

36 On 30 April 2012, Mr Higgins sent Mr Ng an invoice for $22,000 for the
Simuflite course. On the same day, Mr Ng replied to state categorically that
“we have not committed to a new management agreement and definitely have not
committed to hiring and training a new pilot”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

3 ABD 798.

Separately, Mr Mulacek also wrote to Mr Higgins shortly afterwards to say that
it would be best to “look at placing items on Hold with the [Aircraft]”. In
the concluding paragraph of the email Mr Mulacek wrote, “[t]he contracts are
too high to go forward and we will take over the core management going
forward.” 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3 ABD 799.

On 1 May 2012, Mr Higgins replied to indicate that he would be placing matters
on hold until a decision was taken as to how matters should proceed. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

3 ABD 800–801.

37 On 2 May 2012, Mr Higgins wrote to Mr Ng (not copying Mr Mulacek) to
request that he be given a formal letter of appointment with his conditions of
service or his salary. He explained that he had a letter signed by Mr Mulacek
confirming that he was employed by AirLNG (he was referring to the letter of
authority given to him on 14 April 2012) but had never received a letter
confirming the terms of his employment. He ended by stating, rather curtly,
“[s]urely you do not expect me to work for nothing.” 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

3 ABD 803.

Mr Ng expressed surprise at this and explained that he was aware that Mr
Higgins had been authorised to represent AirLNG in relation to the
registration of the aircraft but did not recall “any letter stating you are
employed by AirLNG or promising any form of employment condition.” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

3 ABD 803.

Mr Higgins replied shortly afterwards as follows: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

3 ABD 806.

Clearly there are some crossed wires here. I attach my request for a short
term Consultancy agreement at US$35,000 per month for six months, pending
further discussions on the way forward for AirLng. I received the attached
letter signed by Phil. This clearly states I am employed by AirLng as a
Consultant.

38 Mr Ng quickly replied to agree that there was a misunderstanding. He
reiterated his point that the letter of authority did not constitute an
employment contract and stressed that Mr Higgins was not to incur further
expenses without express authorisation. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

3 ABD 808.

This was followed by a lengthy email sent by Mr Mulacek to Mr Higgins on 7 May
2012 in which it was explained that the understanding had always been that Mr
Higgins would work for AirLNG if an agreement could but reached, but none
could because of issues over costs. This was consistent with Mr Higgins’s
email of 15 April 2012, in which it was said that no agreement had yet been
reached on the terms of Higgins’s future relationship with the Aircraft.
However, Mr Mulacek adverted to the possibility that they might yet cooperate
in the future if such an agreement could be reached, though he stressed that
it would not be a comprehensive management agreement, but would instead be one
of more limited scope. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

4 ABD 867–868.

39 In my judgment, the evidence points overwhelmingly towards the conclusion
that the parties did not conclude an oral agreement on 27 January 2012.
Instead, the most that could be said was that there was a hope and an
expectation, at least on the part of Mr Higgins, there would be an agreement
and that he was actively working towards making that a reality. This cannot
form the basis of a contract. In Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and
another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332, the Court of Appeal held that in order for
there to be a concluded contract, the negotiations between the contracting
parties must have “crystallised into a contractually-binding agreement in
which there is no uncertainty as to the terms of the contract concerned” (at
[47]). This is far from the case here.

40 Third, I find it inexplicable that Mr Higgins never once mentioned the
existence of the alleged oral contract in the correspondence he exchanged with
Mr Ng or with Mr Mulacek. In fact, as the defendants pointed out, the first
time Mr Higgins mentioned the existence of any oral contract was on 21 June
2012 when he emailed Mr Ben Ng on 21 June 2012 to say that he “shook hands
with [Mr Mulacek] on an agreement to manage the jet just before I left
Singapore”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Suit 244 Defendant’s reply submissions at para 13(2); 4 ABD 982.

However, even then, the reference was not to an agreement in January 2012, but
to a meeting which took place in May 2012, before Mr Higgins left for a
vacation. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

4 ABD 871.

This is a glaring gap in Mr Higgins’s case and it points towards the
conclusion that his attempts to obtain a contract were not, as Mr Higgins now
submits, attempts to regularise the oral contract in writing; rather, they
represented Mr Higgins’s efforts to conclude an agreement where none
previously existed. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 196.

41 Fourth, I note that up until the eve of the trial, Mr Higgins’s case was
that the oral contract had been concluded on 25 January 2012. In Mr Higgins’s
Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”), he explained that he had met Mr
Mulacek, and Mr Civelli at the Executive Lounge at Changi International
Airport and they came to an agreement on the terms of their future
cooperation. The narrative of events in the AEIC was presented in dialogic
form, and Mr Higgins set out in great detail the specific concerns which were
raised by Mr Mulacek and the responses he gave to each of these queries. In
the AEIC, he averred that at the end of the conversation, it was agreed that
he would continue managing the aircraft, initially through MAM, but eventually
through a new company which would be specially incorporated to take over the
management of the Aircraft. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AEIC of Danial Patrick Higgins at para 109–116; 120–128 (BOAEIC, Vol 1, pp
27–32).

42 Mr Higgins only applied for leave to amend his statement of claim one day
before the trial began and filed a supplemental AEIC to explain that after
having sight of the emails disclosed by the defendants, he was able to
“refresh [his] memory of events.” 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

P1 at para 4.

What really happened, he now said, was that he had met Mr Mulacek and Mr
Civelli on 23 January 2012 at Changi Airport but no agreement had been reached
then. Instead, after hearing of the problems at SAC, Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli
had proposed two options: either Mr Mulacek was to buy into SAC or the AMS
Agreement would be terminated. This formed the basis of the “two options”
email Mr Higgins sent his fellow directors on 25 January 2012. It was only
when they met again at Interoil’s Singapore office on 27 January 2012 that an
agreement was concluded 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

P1 at paras 5–14.

43 While I am mindful that a trial is not a contest of memories (see Sandz
Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others v Strategic Worldwide Assets Ltd and
others [2014] 3 SLR 562 at [77]), this is not simply a matter of Mr Higgins
misremembering the date of the meeting or its location. In amending his SOC
and filing the supplemental AEIC, he was effectively disavowing the long and
detailed exposition of events which he had set out in his AEIC. This is no
small matter. As I noted at the outset, in order for there to be a contract,
there must be a consensus ad idem on terms which are both certain and
complete. This is not the case here. When Mr Higgins’s AEIC and supplemental
AEIC are read together, the overall picture of events is murky. It is not
clear what exactly was said, when it was said, or how the parties could
possibly have come to an binding agreement – the entire account reads like a
confused farrago of misremembered truths, half-truths taken out of context,
and outright untruths.

44 Finally, by Mr Higgins’s own case, there was no agreement as to the terms
of his remuneration on 27 January 2012. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 211–212.

In my judgment, this is fatal to his case. Depending on the circumstances,
there can still be a binding contract even though there are peripheral terms
which have not been agreed on; however, this is qualified by the rule that if
there is no agreement as to a material term of the contract, there can be no
binding agreement (see Foley v Classique Coaches Ltd [1934] 2 KB 1 at 13 per
Maugham LJ). In Grossner Jens v Raffles Holdings Ltd [2004] 1 SLR(R) 202, for
example, the High Court found that there was no binding brokerage contract as
the parties had failed to agree on, among other things, the terms of the
plaintiff’s remuneration, which would be a material term of the contract (at
[16]). Likewise, in Likpin, the High Court held that could not have been a
concluded charterparty as the parties had, even by the plaintiff’s case, only
agreed on an “approximate" rate of hire. The court explained that the rate of
hire was an essential term of a charterparty and that the use of an
approximate rate of hire was entirely inconsistent with the existence of a
concluded charterparty.

45 In my assessment, the quantum of Mr Higgins’s remuneration would be a
material term of the alleged oral agreement. Under the AMS Agreement, upon
which the oral agreement was putatively modelled, AirLNG was to pay a monthly
management fee of $25,000 each month in addition to paying each member of the
flight crew an hourly wage (see [11] above). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Clause 10 of the AMS Agreement (1ABD 180).

This was AirLNG’s key obligation under the AMS Agreement and it would be the
defendants’ central obligation under the alleged oral contract as well.
Without agreement on this, there cannot be any binding contract.

No oral contract on 8 May 2012

46 I turn to consider Mr Higgins’s first alternative argument, which was that
a separate oral contract in exactly the same terms was concluded on 8 May
2012. In his AEIC, Mr Higgins explained on the day in question, he met Mr
Mulacek and Mr Civelli at InterOil’s Singapore office “fully prepared for the
hatchet”. However, in the course of the discussions, he explained how he was
able to persuade them that many of the problems were not his fault. At the end
of the discussion, he was told that his services would be retained on the same
terms as in the AMS Agreement although he would not have anything to do with
the NAS Project in PNG. In his submissions, Mr Higgins referred to an email
which he sent Mr John Roche (a friend whom he had intended to hire to assist
with the operation of the Aircraft in PNG) the very next day in which he
described this “abrupt turn of events” in detail. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 204–208; 4 ABD 887.

47 As a preliminary point, I note that the existence of an oral contract on 8
May 2012 was never pleaded. As the Court of Appeal stressed in V Nithia (co-
administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban
s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR 1422 at [37], adherence to the rules
on pleadings is essential not just for good case management but also to
maintain substantive fairness. It is also no good to say that this account of
events is set out in his AEIC. It is a settled principle of law that defects
in pleadings cannot be cured by averments in affidavits (see Abdul Latif bin
Mohammed Tahiar (trading as Canary Agencies) v Saeed Husain s/o Hakim Gulam
Mohiudin (trading as United Limousine) [2003] 2 SLR(R) 61 at [7]). For this
reason alone, I would dismiss this argument.

48 In any event, I am of the view that the evidence clearly shows that no
contract was entered into on 8 May 2012. I note the following:

(a) First, if there were an oral contract on 27 January 2012, I cannot see how
or why it would be “re-entered” on 8 May on exactly the same terms. Indeed, it
is not clear what the position would be as a matter of law: Mr Higgins did not
elaborate if this new agreement was intended to supersede the old or if it was
intended to give rise to an entirely new set of obligations which would
operate in parallel (the latter of which would be a puzzling result, to say
the least).

(b) Second, on the same day that this second oral contract was to have been
concluded, AirLNG signed an agreement with AAC. I cannot see why the
defendants would have wanted to hire Mr Higgins to do exactly the same thing
as AAC. In cross-examination, Mr Mulacek described this as a commercially
absurd result which “no prudent business person” would do. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

NE (31 March 2016), p 98, lines 1–14.

I think he was putting it somewhat mildly, for one need not be a prudent
business person to say that this is a result which offends common (not just
commercial) sense.

(c) Third, the correspondence exchanged between the parties in the two months
before 8 May 2012 (which I discussed at [30]–[39] above) plainly reveals that
there had been no agreement between the parties. In particular, I note that Mr
Mulacek had written to Mr Higgins on 7 May 2012 to state that the terms of
their future partnership (if any) would be far more restricted. It certainly
would not take the form of a comprehensive management agreement as the AMS
Agreement was or the alleged oral contract was alleged to be (see [38] above).

49 In my assessment, the email sent to Mr Roche on 9 May 2012 does not go very
far towards supporting Mr Higgins’s case. For a start, it only represents Mr
Higgins’s subjective perceptions of what transpired at the meeting. It was not
sent to Mr Mulacek 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

NE (31 March 2016) at p 99, line 19 to p 100, line 10.

or to Mr Civelli 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

NE (30 March 2016) at p 67, line 16 to p 69, line 16.

and during cross examination both of them disavowed what was said in the
email. Furthermore, the context of the letter must be borne in mind. Mr
Higgins had been corresponding with Mr Roche with a view towards engaging him
to work in PNG. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

5 ABD 1243.

This was why Mr Higgins was emailing Mr Roche to update him of the outcome of
the discussion and the main point that Mr Higgins sought to make was that he
would no longer be able to hire Mr Roche. This is clear from the penultimate
paragraph of the email, where he wrote, “this is a great relief for me, but
leaves me with the dilemma of my promise to employ you.” 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

4 ABD 887.

In the circumstances, the overall impression that I received was that Mr
Higgins was trying to let Mr Roche down gently while avoiding the
embarrassment of having to tell his friend that he had been let go as well.

The claim for a reasonable sum in compensation

50 I turn to Mr Higgins’s second alternative argument, which is that even if
there were no oral contract, he is entitled to be given a reasonable sum for
the work which he had done. As the Court of Appeal set out comprehensively in
its recent judgment in Eng Chiet Shoong and others v Cheong Soh Chin and
others and another appeal [2016] SGCA 45 (“Eng Chiet Shoong”) at [28] and
[41], recovery for compensation for work done in situations where there is no
express contact may be mounted either in contract or in restitution.

Recovery pursuant to contract

51 If the argument is framed in contract, the claim may either be premised on
(a) an implied contract or (b) if there is an express contract with no agreed
term as to remuneration, then it will proceed on the basis that there is an
implied term that a reasonable sum will be paid. In either of these two sub-
cases, the touchstone is necessity – the claimant must show that it was
necessary for the contract or the term, as the case may be, to be implied (see
Eng Chiet Shoong at [30]). It is clear that Mr Higgins’s claim cannot be based
on an implied term since I have found that there is no express contract. Thus,
the question is whether a contract may be implied. In my judgment, it may not.

52 As the Court of Appeal stressed in Eng Chiet Shoong at [29], contracts are
not lightly to be implied. It will only be done in situations where it is
clear that the parties intended to contract and where it is clear what they
intended to contract to. This is far from the case here. I have found that Mr
Higgins had proceeded on the basis of a hope or an expectation that an
agreement would eventually be concluded, but this is not enough for a contract
to be implied. As the Court of Appeal held in Eng Chiet Shoong at [36] and
[86], citing Prof Ewan McKendrick, “[t]he anticipation of a contract is not
the same thing as the existence of a contract.” It is abundantly clear from
the correspondence that there was deep disagreement over the terms of Mr
Higgins’s participation in the defendants’ work. It is simply not possible for
a contract to be implied in these circumstances.

Recovery pursuant to restitution

53 This leaves Mr Higgins’s case in restitution. As a preliminary point, I
reject the defendants’ submission that this claim should be rejected in limine
because it is inconsistent with Mr Higgins’s pleaded claim in contract. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendants’ closing submissions at paras 90–92.

It is settled law that parties may plead inconsistent causes of action in the
alternative as long as the inconsistency does not, on the facts, offend common
sense (see Ng Chee Wee Weng v Lim Jit Meng Bryan [2012] 1 SLR 457 at [37]). I
see no inconsistency of this nature here. Mr Higgins’s case is that in the
event the court finds that there is no contract, he claims a sum in
restitution. There is no fatal inconsistency here – I have found that there is
no contract so the question which arises for discussion is whether he can
nevertheless succeed in his alternative claim in restitution. My finding that
there is no contract also disposes of the defendants’ alternative preliminary
objection, which is that the plaintiff’s claim in restitution cannot exist in
parallel with his claim in contract. It is settled that there cannot be a
claim in restitution which exists in parallel with an inconsistent contractual
promise (see Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim [2007] 2 SLR(R)
665 at [123]). However, since I have found that there is no contract, any
potential inconsistency falls away.

54 It is now settled law that the juridical basis for recovery under a claim
in restitutionary quantum meruit is the doctrine of unjust enrichment (see
Benedetti and another v Sawiris and others [2013] WLR (D) 286 (“Benedetti”) at
[9]); Eng Chiet Shoong at [33]. Thus, in order to make good his case, Mr
Higgins has to show the following three things: (a) a benefit had been
received or the defendants had been enriched; (b) this benefit or enrichment
was at his expense; and (c) the enrichment was “unjust”. If these three
elements are satisfied, the further question to consider is whether there are
any defences to the claim (see Singapore Swimming Club v Koh Sin Chong Freddie
[2016] 3 SLR 845 at [90]).

55 In his amended Statement of Claim (“SOC (S 244)”), Mr Higgins puts forward
six distinct heads of claim, but they can conveniently be merged into four
main categories. These are: (a) private flight services; 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

SOC (S 244) at paras 55–67, 70 (BOP at pp 75–81).

(b) pilot training; 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

SOC (S 244) at paras 67–68 (BOP at pp 82).

(c) aircraft management services 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

SOC (S 244) at paras 72–76 (BOP at pp 83–86).

; and (d) aircraft registration services. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

SOC (S 244) at paras 40–54 (BOP at pp 61–75).

Of the four, only the last merits in-depth discussion.

(1) The first three heads of claim

56 The claim in relation to flight services relate to eight separate flights
which took place between 13 February 2012 and 24 April 2012. Of the eight, six
took place before 22 March 2012, when the AMS Agreement was terminated. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

SOC (S 244) at paras 62(1)–62(6) (BOP at pp 77–79).

On the stand, Mr Higgins categorically stated that he was withdrawing these
claims because he was not entitled to and therefore would not be claiming for
anything prior to the termination of the AMS Agreement). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE (22 March 2016), p 75, lines 3–9; Services attributable to SAC: NE (22
March 2016), p 106, line 22 to p 107, line 3.

As for the remaining two charters, these relate to flights which had been
arranged to Makassar and Ambon in April 2012, when the Aircraft was grounded.
The documentary evidence shows that these flights had already been fully paid
for and that Mr Higgins (through MAM) received a profit of US$24,000 for
arranging the charter. This is clear from the following:

(a) Elite Jets Sdn Bhd (“Elite Jets”), the service providers, informed Mr
Higgins that the flights would cost US$116,000. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

3 ABD 737.

(b) Mr Higgins informed Mr Mulacek that the charters would cost US$140,000.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AEIC of Danial Patrick Higgins at para 162 (BOAEIC at p 42)

(c) AirLNG transferred US$90,000 directly to Elite Jets 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

3 ABD 756

while Mr Higgins (through MAM) transferred the balance of US$26,000 to Elite
Jets. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

3 ABD 747.

(d) AirLNG subsequently transferred, at Mr Higgins’s request, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3 ABD 755, 769-–770.

a sum of US$50,000 to MAM. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

3 ABD 782.

57 Mr Higgins submits that the difference between the quoted price of
US$140,000 and the cost of the charter (US$116,000) was paid to one Mr Chapman
Freeborne, who arranged the charter. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Suit 244 Plaintiff’s reply at para 124.

I reject this argument as it flies in the face of the documentary evidence,
which clearly shows that MAM received a surplus of US$24,000 (being the
difference between the US$50,000 transferred to MAM by AirLNG and the
outstanding sum ofUS$26,000 owed to Elite Jets). There is no evidence that MAM
later transferred this sum of money to anyone else. The US$24,000 made by MAM
is the subject of a claim in Suit 733 and I shall say more of it later. For
now, it suffices to say that the charters had been paid for and there is no
basis for Mr Higgins to mount a claim in restitution in respect of them.

58 The claim in relation to pilot training relates to a sum of $22,000
incurred for a simulator training course. In my judgment, this is a non-
starter. On 17 April 2012, Mr Higgins emailed Mr Ng to informed him of his
intention to enrol the pilot on the simulator course and asked for a decision
“one way or the other” failing which he would take the pilot off the course.
112

##### Foot Note 112

×

3 ABD 776.

Mr Higgins did not receive an affirmative reply but nevertheless went ahead
and enrolled the pilot on the course. In the circumstances, there is no unjust
factor that justifies recovery. Where a defendant informs a claimant that he
does not wish to receive a benefit but the claimant nevertheless proceeds to
confer the benefit anyway, the defendant is under no obligation to pay for it
(see Leigh v Dickeson (1884) 15 QBD 60 at 64–65 per Brett MR).

59 Mr Higgins had argued that he had acted “reasonably” in a situation of
“urgency” in sending the pilots for training. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 243–245.

I am not persuaded. The common law does not, outside of cases involving
emergencies (mostly involving accidents at sea), permit recovery for expenses
incurred in the unsolicited management of the affairs of another (see Charles
Mitchell, Paul Mitchell and Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of Unjust
Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) (“Goff & Jones”) at para
18-02–18-03). The “urgency” Mr Higgins refers to does not fall within any of
the recognised categories in which recovery has been permitted.

60 The claim in relation to management services must also fail. The claims
falling in this head, itemized at para 74 of the SOC (S 244), relate to a
miscellany of different things, most of which overlap with the substance of
the other claims for pilot training and private flight services. Insofar as
this is the case, the reasons I give in respect of those categories will serve
to dispose of the claims under to management services). 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

SOC (S 244) at para 74 (BOP at pp 84–85).

The only claim that is unique is the claim for consultancy services at a rate
of $25,000 a month. In my judgment, this claim is also a non-starter. It is
plain that what Mr Higgins seeks here is the payment of his remuneration under
the alleged oral agreement. However, the law of unjust enrichment acts to
reverse benefits unfairly derived at the expense of another, it cannot be used
to enforce a party’s expectation interest – that is the realm of contract. I
have already rejected that claim at [52] and need not say more.

(2) The Aircraft registration

61 I now turn to the work done in relation to aircraft registration. I begin
with the requirement of benefit. The crux of the inquiry is whether
objectively construed, that all the work Mr Higgins did in relation to the
registration was of benefit to the defendants (chiefly Mr Mulacek in this
case): see Benedetti at [15]–[16]. It is common ground that Mr Higgins did
work in relation to the registration of the Aircraft, but the defendants’
point is that everything he did came to naught, because, among other things,
he had pursued registration in Malaysia when it was a non-starter. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defendants’ closing submissions at paras 103, 114, 116, 122–123.

As against this, Mr Higgins’s essential case was that he had worked on
registration at the defendants’ request and should therefore now be
remunerated accordingly, even if the defendants did not derive any tangible
benefits from the work he did. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 266.

62 The difficulty with the claim in this case (as encapsulated in the
defendants’ submissions) is that it involves a claim for “pure” services –
that is to say, services which do not redound in tangible monetary benefits.
[It is complicated by the fact that the services were rendered in anticipation
that a contract would be concluded, but I will deal with that when I come to
the unjust factors analysis at [68]). As pointed out in Man Yip & Yihan Goh,
“Liability for work done where contract is denied: contractual and
restitutionary approaches” [2012] LMCLQ 289 (“Yip & Goh”) at 303, the law has
long drawn a distinction between monetary benefits and non-monetary benefits.
The former is the currency of economic value and is the quintessential example
of an incontrovertible benefit. However, it is not always clear whether the
provision of goods and services objectively benefits the recipient. This is
particularly the case here, where it is undisputed that Mr Higgins’s efforts
came to naught, because it was subsequently discovered that it was unfeasible
for the Aircraft to be registered in Malaysia (see [20] above).

63 There have been cases in which claims in unjust enrichment for the
provision of pure services have been allowed (see the cases cited in Goff &
Jones at para 5-21). The common thread in these cases appears to be that the
defendants there conceptualized of the benefit as the rendering of the service
itself, and not the attainment of a particular result or end-product. One way
in which this can be shown is if it could be shown that the defendants had
accepted responsibility for the cost of the work (see Goff & Jones at para
5-25). For example, in Brewer Street Investments Ltd v Barclays Woollen Co Ltd
[1954] 1 QB 428, the parties were negotiating for a lease. Before negotiations
concluded, the defendants requested that the plaintiff-landlord carry out some
alterations to the premises and undertook to pay for them. Negotiations broke
down and the plaintiff brought suit to recover the cost of the alterations.
The English Court of Appeal granted judgment in favour of the plaintiff even
though the defendants never came into possession of the premises. As Yip & Goh
suggest at 304–305, this is best seen as a case in which the defendants must –
in requesting for the work to be done even before the lease was granted –
objectively be taken to have valued the benefits in terms of the provision of
the services themselves and therefore must be seen as having benefitted
whether they came into possession of the premises or not.

64 In this connection, the two strongest points in favour of Mr Higgins’s
claim would appear to be the fact that Mr Mulacek had specifically given Mr
Higgins the green light to proceed with efforts to register the Aircraft in
Malaysia on 13 March 2012 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

3 ABD 663

and subsequently wrote a letter to the Department of Civil Aviation in
Malaysia to inform them that Mr Higgins was authorised to represent AirLNG in
relation to matters relating to the registration of the Aircraft in Malaysia
on 14 April 2012. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

3 ABD 772

Taken together, these two facts would seem to suggest that he had accepted
responsibility for the cost of the work done in relation to the registration
of the Aircraft in Malaysia and could objectively be taken as having viewed
the benefit in terms of the efforts taken towards registration rather than as
the actual registration itself.

65 However, when the context is examined, this argument loses much of its
force. As I noted above at [20], on 12 March 2012, Mr Kendall wrote to Mr
Higgins to insist that the Aircraft no longer be registered in the name of his
company. Mr Kendall gave Mr Higgins two options: (a) either the Aircraft would
be registered in another jurisdiction or (b) the Aircraft would remain on the
US register but under the name of a different company. Mr Higgins wrote to Mr
Mulacek on the same day and he asked for instructions as to “what country
register you want me to arrange on an interim basis”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

3 ABD 664.

Notably, there is no mention of the possibility of the Aircraft remaining on
the US register. The reason for this was heavily disputed, but I find that
this decision was taken as a result of advice given by Mr Higgins. I note the
following:

(a) On 20 September 2011, about 6 months after the Aircraft was purchased, Mr
Higgins wrote to inform Mr Mulacek that the FAA had introduced “rather onerous
rules pertaining to the ownership and registration of US registered aircraft”
and stated that an “acceptable alternate jurisdiction” would have to be found.
120

##### Foot Note 120

×

2 ABD 381.

Mr Mulacek replied to acknowledge the point about the difficulties with
registration in the US. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

2 ABD 382.

(b) On 7 February 2012, Mr Ng wrote to Mr Higgins to ask why it was necessary
to change the registration of the plane. The next day, on 8 February 2012, Mr
Higgins replied to state that the reason for the re-registration was that “the
US Federal Aviation Agency no longer allow[s] foreign entities to own a US
registered aircraft”. He further explained that up till that point, the
Aircraft had continued to be registered in the name of OK Consultants but this
would not be viable, since the grace period given by the FAA for a change of
registration had expired and the “tax authorities” were looking into the
matter. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

5 ABD 1180.

(c) It was later revealed in evidence that Mr Higgins had informed Mr Civelli
and Mr Mulacek that the FAA stipulated that US registered aircraft would have
to fly in the US 60 per cent of the time. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE (29 March 2012), p 134 to p 135, line 8; 3 ABD 800.

However, it turned out that this was incorrect as the rule in question only
applied to non-US corporations. On the stand, Mr Higgins admitted that all
would have been well if the Aircraft had been registered through a US trustee,
as was eventually done when the Aircraft was restored to the US Register by
AAC (see [14] above). 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE (17 March 2016), p 85, line 16 to p 86, line 2.

66 In his evidence, Mr Mulacek testified that he had trusted Mr Higgins
implicitly on this and had proceeded with deregistration on this basis. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE (31 March 2016), p 7, lines 1–21; p 17, lines 14–25.

I accept his testimony. I reject Mr Higgins’s argument that the plane was
deregistered from the US because Mr Civeilli did not want it to be registered
there. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 36(5).

The evidence put forward by Mr Higgins on this point is slender and it is
falsified by the fact that, eventually, the Aircraft was restored to the US
Register and there is no evidence that Mr Civelli demurred.

67 The point, for present purposes, is that Mr Mulacek’s agreement to having
Mr Higgins proceed with the registration of the Aircraft is intimately tied to
the advice that Mr Higgins had given prior to that, namely, that continued
registration in the US would not be possible and that alternative registration
in another jurisdiction was necessary. This was the basis upon which Mr
Mulacek had accepted responsibility for the work done by Mr Higgins and it
turned out to be wrong (and egregiously so). Or, to put it another way, the
common basis upon which the parties had approached the matter was that Mr
Higgins would be conferring a benefit to Mr Mulacek in the form of the taking
of necessary efforts to securing the Aircraft’s re-registration in another
jurisdiction. This was manifestly not the case as it was not necessary for the
Aircraft to be taken off the US register. In the circumstances, my judgment is
that it cannot be said that Mr Mulacek had derived any objective benefit from
the work done. What was worse, Mr Higgins admitted on the stand that he had
not made any preliminary inquiries with the Malaysian authorities before
recommending that the Aircraft be registered in Malaysia. It was only after he
had flown the Aircraft to Malaysia that he reached out to the Malaysian
authorities and quickly discovered that registration in Malaysia was not
feasible. I cannot see how Mr Higgins can claim, in these circumstances, that
his work was of benefit to the defendants. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE (21 July 2016) p 88, line 1 to p 92, line 9.

This is sufficient to dispose of Mr Higgins’s claim in unjust enrichment.
However, for completeness, I will go on to explain why I do not think that the
third element – that enrichment was “unjust” – has been satisfied.

68 The relevant context is that the work done here was done in anticipation
that a contract would eventually be concluded. This much is clear from what I
have found thus far. In this context, the authorities suggest that the key
question is: who ran the risk of the contract not materialising? The general
position is that it is the claimant. In M.S.M. Consulting v United Republic of
Tanzania [2009] EWHC 121 (QB), Christopher Clarke J summarised the position in
the authorities as follows (at [171(b)]–[171(e)]):

(b) Generally speaking a person who seeks to enter into a contract with
another cannot claim to be paid the cost of estimating what it will cost him,
or of deciding on a price, or bidding for the contract. Nor can he claim the
cost of showing the other party his capability or skills even though, if there
was a contract or retainer, he would be paid for them. The solicitor who
enters a "beauty contest" in the course of which he expresses some preliminary
views about the client's prospects cannot, ordinarily expect to charge for
them. If another firm is retained; he runs the risk of being unrewarded if
unsuccessful in his pitch.

(c) The court is likely to impose such an obligation where the defendant has
received an incontrovertible benefit (e.g. an immediate financial gain or
saving of expense) as a result of the claimant's services; or where the
defendant has requested the claimant to provide services or accepted them
(having the ability to refuse them) when offered, in the knowledge that the
services were not intended to be given freely;

(d) But the court may not regard it as just to impose an obligation to make
payment if the claimant took the risk that he or she would only be reimbursed
for his expenditure if there was a concluded contract; or if the court
concludes that, in all the circumstances the risk should fall on the claimant:
Jennings & Chapman;

(e) The court may well regard it as just to impose such an obligation if the
defendant who has received the benefit has behaved unconscionably in declining
to pay for it;

69 In this case, it is clear to me that Mr Higgins had clearly run the risk of
the contract not materialising. This much is clear from the extracts from the
correspondence, all of which point towards the conclusion that Mr Higgins had
been trying to put himself in the best possible position to sign a new
contract to replace the AMS Agreement. As the defendants put it, “[Mr] Higgins
was auditioning for an aircraft management contract, an audition on the
evidence, he failed.” 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendants’ reply submissions at para 47.

It also seems to me that this was what Mr Higgins himself thought, for on 30
March 2012 he wrote to Mr Roche as follows: 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

3 ABD 708

Tried to meet [Mr Ng] today but he was tied up. Going to KL Sunday and will
work on the re-registration on the assumption that AirLNG will sign the new
contract. Otherwise, I will concentrate on the Sapura deal. …

70 This email is telling because it was private correspondence exchanged
between Mr Higgins and a friend in confidence. It is telling that there is
nothing in the email which suggests that Mr Higgins was at all certain that a
new contract would be signed. Instead, he clearly perceived that there was a
risk that everything he did would come to nothing (which is consistent with
what he said in his email of 10 April 2012 to Mr Ng: see [33] above), and
contemplated the possibility that he might switch to pursuing other business
opportunities instead. But he did not. Instead, Mr Higgins elected to continue
working on the Malaysian registration and in so doing he had, in my judgment,
run the risk that there would be no contract and the work that he did would be
unremunerated. Furthermore, when I considered the facts – chiefly, the fact
that the work he did came to naught and the fact that he gave wrong advice
without ascertaining its viability (both in relation to the deregistration
from the US as well as his recommendation that the plane be registered in
Malaysia) – I do not find that there is anything unconscionable about the
defendants declining to pay him for the work that he did.

71 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss Mr Higgins’s claims in Suit 244 in
their totality. I will deal with the question of costs at the end of this
judgment.

Suit 733

72 In Suit 733, SAC brings a claim against Mr Higgins for breach of fiduciary
duty. It is not disputed that as an MD, Mr Higgins owed SAC a number of core
fiduciary duties. These include the duty to act honestly and in SAC’s best
interests, to avoid and disclose conflicts of interest, a duty not to make
secret or improper profits, and a duty to disclose wrongdoings (see Beyonics
Techology Ltd and another v Goh Chan Peng and others [2016] SGHC 120
(“Beyonics”) at [40]). SAC’s case is that Mr Higgins had acted in breach of
all of these core duties by doing the following:

(a) First, he had worked to procure the termination of the AMS Agreement in
order that he could set up a new company to take over SAC’s existing
businesses. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) in S 733/2014 (“SOC (S733)”) at paras
11(1)–11(9), 16.

(b) Second, he had made secret profits in the purchase of the Aircraft and
through the misappropriation of corporate opportunities which rightly belonged
to SAC. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

SOC (S 733) at paras 11(11), 18

(c) Third, he had retained critical documents relating to the Aircraft when he
had no right to do so. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

SOC (S 733) at paras 21–27.

73 I propose to examine each of SAC’s contentions in turn and will divide my
analysis of each issue into two parts. First, I will consider whether Mr
Higgins was in breach of a relevant fiduciary duty; second, I will consider
what remedies SAC is entitled to claim consequent to that breach, if any.

Procuring the termination of the SAC Agreement

74 The troubles which SAC was facing have been set out at [13]–[15]. At the
start of January 2012, Mr Mulacek was unhappy because the Aircraft was
grounded for longer than he expected. This much is common ground. What is
heavily disputed, however, is whether it was Mr Higgins who proposed that the
AMS Agreement be terminated and be reassigned to another company or whether it
was Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli who initiated this. SAC contends that it was the
former; 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 29–30.

Mr Higgins contends that it was the latter. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at para 185.

After examining the evidence, I find in favour of SAC on this point.

Breach – who proposed the termination of the AMS?

75 In their evidence, both Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli explained that when they
met in January 2012, Mr Higgins had said that SAC was “incompetent and unable
to provide its services as set out in the AMS [Agreement]” and that AirLNG
ought to terminate their services. They further testified that Mr Higgins told
them that he intended to form a new company to provide aircraft management
services in place of SAC. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AEIC of Philippe Emanuel Mulacek at paras 27–29 (4 BAEIC 723); AEIC of Carlo
Giuseppe Civelli at paras 20–22 (3 BOAEIC 649).

76 I accept their evidence. Under cross-examination, they maintained their
positions unwaveringly and were clear and consistent – Mr Civelli, for
example, explained that Mr Higgins had described SAC as “dysfunctional”. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Mr Mulacek: NE (31 March 2016), p 131, line 8 to p 133, line 14;Mr Civelli: NE
(30 March 2016), p 8, lines 8–12; p 18, lines 6–13

Their position was that in the early days of the relationship, they trusted Mr
Higgins without question because he was their only point of contact in SAC and
they had no way of knowing otherwise. This is consistent with the
correspondence exchanged at the initial stages of the partnership, where it is
clear that they relied heavily on the advice given by Mr Higgins (see [66]
above). Apart from this, I find that it is corroborated by at least two
further points of circumstantial evidence that suggest that Mr Higgins had
deliberately worked to procure the termination of the AMS Agreement.

77 The first concerns the two-options email of 25 January 2012 (see [15]
above) in which it was said that Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli had suggested that
Mr Mulacek might invest in SAC. I do not accept Mr Higgins’s evidence that
this proposal was mooted by them. Indeed, as SAC points out, steps were
immediately taken for the AMS Agreement to be terminated without the
possibility of a buy-out ever having been pursued. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 33.

There is no evidence in any subsequent email correspondence of Mr Mulacek ever
mentioning the possibility that he might buy into SAC or even that he would
request to examine SAC’s accounts in preparation for a buy-out. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE (29 March 2016), p 19, line 23 to p 20, line 3.

If Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli were the ones who proposed the termination of the
AMS Agreement in the terms set out in the two-options email, one would have
expected them to have alluded to it in their correspondence. The omission is
conspicuous. When cross-examined, Mr Civelli denied that either he or Mr
Mulacek had proposed anything along the lines of that stated in the two-
options email. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

NE (30 March 2016), p 17, lines 7–14.

It is telling that the same question was not put to Mr Mulacek.

78 The second concerns the circumstances surrounding the termination of the
AMS Agreement in February 2012. As I detailed at [17]–[18] above, it is clear
that Mr Higgins had concealed the fact that he had accepted the termination of
the AMS Agreement on 10 February 2012, prior to the Board of SAC having come
to an agreement on the way forward. In and of itself, it is a serious breach
of his fiduciary duty for Mr Higgins to have acted unilaterally in this regard
when the AMS Agreement was SAC’s only contract at the time and, in the words
of Mr Walker, “not to be taken lightly”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AEIC of Danny Chance Walker dated 3 February 2016 at para 18 (2 BOAEIC 311).

Even if it were the case that the termination agreement had to be accepted as
a matter of urgency, as Mr Higgins contends, it would have been incumbent upon
Mr Higgins to have explained the situation to his fellow directors as soon as
he had signed it but he did not. Instead, he surreptitiously received a draft
of the termination agreement in his private email and did not tell his fellow
directors about this and behaved as if the termination agreement had not been
signed. This speaks volumes about Mr Higgins’s wrongdoing and his desire to
see the end of the AMS Agreement as soon as possible.

79 When I considered these two points together with the testimony of Mr
Civelli and Mr Mulacek, I find, on a balance of probabilities, that Mr Higgins
had been the one who proposed the termination of the AMS Agreement and I
reject Mr Higgins’s submissions that he had only been “stating facts at all
times”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s reply submissions at para 99.

In doing so, he had manifestly failed to act honestly and bona fide in the
best interests of his principal. January 2012 was a critical time for SAC, for
that was when it encountered its first serious setback as a company. In that
situation, it was incumbent upon Mr Higgins, as the MD, to have acted to
regain the trust of Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli but he did not. What Mr Higgins
did went beyond mere reportage of the travails faced by SAC. Instead, he
actively worked to undermine SAC’s interests by representing to Mr Mulacek and
Mr Civelli that SAC was dysfunctional and ought to be replaced. It is quite
irrelevant, as Mr Higgins submits, that Mr Mulacek might have been able to
discover the true state of affairs had he inquired. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s reply submissions at para 100–101.

The point was that Mr Higgins had a duty not to undermine the interests of his
principal and he had breached that duty.

80 This brings me to what I consider the most egregious breach of all, which
is the incorporation of SAM on 28 March 2012 by Mr Higgins, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

4 ABD 1047.

which was swiftly followed by the submission of a draft SAM management
contract on 29 March 2012. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

3 ABD 699–703.

During this time, Mr Higgins was still SAC’s MD and it was plainly wrong of
him to have set up a company, which he admitted on the stand, was in direct
competition with that of his principal . 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE (18 March 2016), p7, line 13 to p 8, line 13.

Even if it were the case that Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli had requested that he
do so, as Mr Higgins submits, this would not exonerate him. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Affidavit of Evidence in Chief of Danial Patrick Higgins at paras 123–127
(BOAEIC Vol 1, pp 29–31).

As a fiduciary, he had a duty of undivided loyalty and should not have set up
SAM while still in SAC’s employ. It did not matter that the AMS Agreement had
been terminated at the time. The point is that Mr Higgins had moved into a
corporate space occupied by SAC and placed himself in direct competition.
While this might not directly be related to the termination of the AMS
Agreement, I find that it speaks volumes of the general disregard with which
Mr Higgins’s viewed SAC and its interests.

81 In the circumstances, I find that Mr Higgins had not only failed to act in
SAC’s best interests because he was privileging his own, but also that he had
also put himself in a hopeless position of conflict.

Remedies

82 SAC argues that Mr Higgins’s breaches led it to lose the AMS Agreement and
it should consequently be entitled to claim equitable compensation in the sum
of at least $1,218,750 for the lost profits from the AMS Agreement from the
time of its termination in March 2012 to the present day. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

SOC (S733) at para 17 and Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para
199.

Mr Higgins’s argument, in response to this, is that he had not caused the
termination of the AMS Agreement. He argues that the proximate cause of the
termination was SAC’s poor performance caused chiefly by the failure of SAC’s
directors to work together. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 307–318.

I do not accept Mr Higgins’s argument.

83 In essence, the dispute centres on the issue of causation. The law in this
area was recently summarised by Hoo Sheau Peng JC in Beyonics at [131]–[137]
where she explained that where there has been a culpable breach of a core
fiduciary relationship, the approach to causation set out in the decision of
the Privy Council in Brickenden v London Loan & Savings Co of Canada [1934] 3
DLR 465 (“Brickenden”) applies. To summarise, the Brickenden approach does not
obviate the requirement for the principal to prove causation, but it eases the
evidential burden. Under this approach, the principal does not have to satisfy
the “but-for” test of causation – that is to say, the principal does not have
to show that but for the defendant’s breach of his fiduciary duties, the
losses would not have occurred. Instead, the principal only has to establish
that the losses are “caused by or linked to” the breaches of fiduciary duty.
Thereafter, the evidential burden shifts to the fiduciary to show that the
principal would have suffered these losses even if there had been no breach.
In addition, under the Brickenden approach, causation will be determined
without regard to the rules of foreseeability, remoteness, and novus actus
interveniens; and there will also not be any examination of the contributory
fault of the principal.

84 Based on what I have found, it is clear that Mr Higgins’s breaches of
duties had paved the way for the termination of the AMS Agreement. As I noted
above, I do not accept that Mr Higgins was only “stating facts at all times”.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s reply submissions at para 99.

Instead, he had gone beyond that to undermine SAC by suggesting that the
agreement might be terminated and transferred to another company. This is
consistent with the evidence of Mr Mulacek and Mr Civelli. Both of them
testified that AirLNG would not have terminated the AMS Agreement had it not
been for Mr Higgins’s evidence that SAC was dysfunctional. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 200.

The question is whether Mr Higgins has shown that these losses would have been
sustained irrespective of his breaches. In my judgment, he has not done so.

85 Mr Higgins’s main argument in this regard is that SAC had, by its conduct,
effectively rejected the AMS Agreement. He argues that instead of fighting to
retain the contract, Mr Walker and Mr Johnstone had instead “resigned
themselves… to the impending fate of termination.” In essence, this is an
argument founded on contributory fault. As a matter of law, it is not open for
Mr Higgins to run this argument. In Beyonics, the defendant was the former
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of a company who had, during his tenure,
wrongfully diverted business away to a competitor. In his defence, he argued
that the business had been lost not because of his breaches but because of
mismanagement on the part of the new executives who took over from him. Hoo JC
rejected this argument both as a matter of law and on the facts. She held,
first, that this argument was legally unsustainable because the Brickenden
approach did not allow for consideration of the contributory fault of the
principal and, second, that the defendant was the CEO of the company at the
time the contract was lost and so his argument that he was not factually
responsible for the loss of the contract could not be accepted.

86 These same points can be made in response to Mr Higgins’s argument. First,
his argument cannot be accepted as it is an impermissible attempt to invoke
the contributory fault of SAC in order to avoid liability. Second, it also
cannot be accepted on the facts. At the material time, Mr Higgins was the MD
of SAC and he was the primary point of contact in relation to matters
concerning the AMS Agreement (see [12] above). It was incumbent upon him to
act in SAC’s best interests by trying to retain the AMS Agreement, but he
plainly failed to do so and instead strived to procure its termination in
order that he might secure the business for himself. In the premises, I
conclude that Mr Higgins’s breaches caused SAC to lose out on the profits it
would otherwise have made under the AMS Agreement.

87 This brings me to the question of quantification. There are two components
to this inquiry. The first is to determine the period of time in respect of
which the loss should be calculated (“the period of loss”, which is used as
the multiplier); the second is to determine the profits that SAC would have
made during the relevant period (the multiplicand).

88 On the issue of the period of loss, it must first be stressed that the
Brickenden approach only applies in the area of causation; it does not apply
in the quantification of loss (see Beyonics at [222]). Thus, even though I
have held that Mr Higgins had caused the termination of the AMS Agreement,
this does not, without more, mean that he is liable for all the lost revenue
arising thereto in perpetuity. At the end of the day, the court still has to
decide, based on the evidence, what the relevant period of loss ought to be.
This is not a question which can be answered with precision as it involves a
degree of prognostication. SAC’s case is that the AMS Agreement would continue
in perpetuity, for it has brought a claim for lost profits from the effective
date of termination (22 March 2012) until the present day. Mr Higgins’s
position is that the AMS Agreement would have been terminated immediately, or
at least in the immediate future. I accept neither of these arguments.

89 It is undisputed that at the time Mr Higgins committed the breaches in
question, SAC was facing or would imminently be facing headwinds in the form
of (a) the resignation of Mr Johnstone as a pilot (although he stated his
willingness to fly if necessary), (b) disagreements between the directors; and
(c) Mr Walker’s resignation as the flight operations manager: see [13] and
[14] above. These would have negatively affected SAC’s performance. However, I
also do not accept Mr Higgins’s argument that the AMS Agreement would have
been terminated imminently. Even before the termination of the AMS Agreement,
SAC had hired contract pilots; 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

AEIC of Nicholas Johnstone at paras 51–52 (2 BOAEIC 373).

in fact, Mr Walker was hired as a contract pilot even after the termination of
the AMS Agreement, which contradicts Mr Higgins’s assertion that Mr Mulacek
and Mr Civelli were unhappy with Mr Walker’s performance). 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

AEIC of Daniel Chance Walker at paras 26–28 (3 BOAEIC 313 and 314).

It seems to me that SAC would have been able to continue performing its
obligations under the AMS Agreement, perhaps with the assistance of contract
pilots. Taking all these matters into account, it is my judgment that the AMS
Agreement would have subsisted until the end of the contractual period (24
April 2014). 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Cl 14 of the AMS Agreement (1 ABD 181).

This means that the period of loss is 25 months (23 March 2012 to 24 April
2014).

90 As for the profits that SAC would have made during that period of time, the
calculations are not straightforward. I begin with two general points. First,
I do not accept that SAC is entitled to claim for the cockpit crew income
(that is, the pilots’ salaries) for the period of loss at all. It is clear
that the pilots’ salaries were paid to the pilots themselves, and not to SAC.
This is clear from the ledgers of SAC contained in the accountant’s report
tendered by SAC, where it is shown that the pilots (mostly Mr Johnstone and Mr
Walker) were paid a sum of US$11,875 a month for flying the Aircraft. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

D15, Tab 1, Annex A.

All sums received by SAC in pilots’ salaries would have been earmarked for
onward transmission to the pilots (as was the case for the contract pilot
hired by Mr Higgins, where SAC paid a sum of US$11,875 to MAM for onward
transmission to the pilot 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

D15, Tab 1, p 5, footnote 2.

) and would not have formed part of SAC’s profits.

91 Second, the sum of US$25,000 which SAC received in management fees each
month represents SAC’s gross revenue from the AMS Agreement, but it does not
account for the operating expenses would have had to be incurred in order for
SAC to continue fulfilling its obligations under the AMS Agreement. In this
regard, I note that SAC continued to be a going concern even after the AMS
Agreement, so the crux of the inquiry is the additional expenses SAC would
need to have incurred in order to continue performing the AMS Agreement. Mr
Higgins did not address me on this issue, as his submissions were confined
only to arguing that his breaches did not lead to the termination of the AMS
Agreement. This case was quite unlike Beyonics where the parties hired
accounting experts to determine the quantum of the losses suffered by the
company as a result of the diversion of the business (see Beyonics at
[189]–[190]). The only evidence which would seem to bear on this question are
the audited financial statements for SAC for the financial year ending 31
August 2012. However, they do not contain a detailed breakdown of the relevant
expenses incurred by SAC for the period of time and it is unhelpful to have
regard to the gross expenses because the reference period for the financial
statement includes five months in which the AMS Agreement was not in force (22
March 2012 to 31 August 2012).

92 In these circumstances, I conclude that there is no objective premise upon
which any reduction can presently be made to account for operating expenses.
There is a paucity of evidence and any reduction I make would be entirely
arbitrary and be no better than a shot in the dark. However, I do not consider
that it would be just, for the reasons which I have already set out above, to
award the full sum of US$25,000 claimed. In the premises, I exercise my power
under O 37 r 4(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 6, 2014 Rev Ed) to direct
that an assessment be carried out by the Registrar.

Secret profits

93 I move to SAC’s claim for secret profits. It has long been held, since the
old case of Bray v Ford [1896] AC 44, that a fiduciary is not entitled to make
a profit out of his trust without the informed consent of his principal
because this could give rise to a danger of a conflict of interest (at 51 per
Lord Herschell). One particular expression of this rule is the prohibition
against the usurpation, by a fiduciary (usually a director), of corporate
opportunities that properly belong to his principal (which, in the case of a
director, is a company): see Industrial Development Consultants Ltd v Cooley
[1972] 1 WLR 443.

94 SAC’s case is that Mr Higgins had breached this duty in two ways: 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

SOC (S 733) at paras 18 and 20.

(a) First, he had made received a “back-to-back” profit in the sum of
US$316,000 from the acquisition of the Aircraft.

(b) Second, he had made undisclosed profit of US$24,000 arising out of the
chartered flights to Makassar and Ambon in April 2012.

The back to back profit from the acquisition of the Aircraft

95 The background to the acquisition of the Aircraft is set out at [6]–[10]
above. Mr Higgins does not deny that he made a sum of $316,000, but he argues
that he did not derive these profits by virtue of his office as MD of SAC but
instead had pursued it as MD of MAM and should therefore be allowed to retain
it. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 352–359.

He further argues that SAC is not the proper plaintiff. If at all, he
contends, it ought to be AirLNG, on whose behalf he was acting in the purchase
of the Aircraft, who should bring suit. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s reply submissions at paras 90–94.

I do not accept either of these two arguments.

96 Because the rule against the making of secret profits is aimed at
protecting the integrity of the fiduciary relationship from being tainted by
the prospect of a conflict of interest, it is stringently applied and bites
even where the company did not, or even could not, take up the opportunity –
liability arises from the mere fact that profit had been made (see Regal
(Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver [1967] 2 AC 134 (“Regal”) at 144–145). In Mona
Computer Systems (S) Pte Ltd v Singaravelu Murugan [2014] 1 SLR 847 at
[13]–[16], the Court of Appeal further explained that this was because the
rule was a gains-based remedy aimed at disgorgement of all illicit profits
obtained by the fiduciary; and therefore it did not matter that the principal
would thereby gain a “windfall” in the process. It also applies, and this is
particularly important for present purposes, even if the fiduciary (usually a
director) had come upon the opportunity in another capacity (see Andrew Keay,
Directors’ Duties (Jordans, 2009) at para 10.94). Jonathan Parker LJ,
delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal in Bhullar v Bhullar
[2003] 2 BCLC 241 (“Bhullar”), put it thus (at [28]):

In a case such as the present, where a fiduciary has exploited a commercial
opportunity for his own benefit, the relevant question, in my judgment, is not
whether the party to whom the duty is owed (the company, in the instant case)
had some kind of beneficial interest in the opportunity: in my judgment that
would be too formalistic and restrictive an approach. Rather, the question is
simply whether the fiduciary’s exploitation of the opportunity is such as to
attract the application of the rule. …

97 The “rule” which Jonathan Parker LJ was referring to was the rule in Bray v
Ford – that fiduciaries should not be allowed to place themselves into
engagements in which they might have a personal interest which conflicts with,
or might possibly conflict with, the interests of their principal (at [27]).
At [30], Jonathan Parker LJ explained that in determining whether there was
such a conflict, the test to be applied was that articulated by Lord Upjohn in
Boardman v Phipps [1967] 2 AC 46 at 124, which was whether “reasonable men
looking at the facts would think there is a real sensible possibility of
conflict” between the interests of the principal and the personal interests of
the fiduciary.

98 What this means, for present purposes, is that it does not matter whether
Mr Higgins came upon the opportunity in his capacity as the MD of MAM (and on
this point, I am prepared to assume in his favour that he was invited to the
Portcullis networking event where he met Mr Mulacek as a representative of
MAM). It also does not matter that SAC was not or would not be entitled to
retain the back-to-back profits from the acquisition of the Aircraft. Instead,
the question is whether reasonable men looking at the facts would think that
there was a real sensible possibility of conflict between his interests and
that of SAC’s. In my judgment, there was such a conflict.

99 First, and contrary to Mr Higgins’s submissions, aircraft acquisition falls
within the scope of SAC’s activities. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 343–345.

This comes through not just from the testimony of Mr Johnstone 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE (23 March 2016), p 64, line 4 to p 65, line 24.

but it was also reflected on Mr Higgins’s own SAC business card, where it is
plainly stated that SAC’s services included “Aircraft sales and Acquisitions.
161

##### Foot Note 161

×

D 18.

There was some dispute as to whether Mr Higgins’s had handed Mr Mulacek his
MAM or his SAC business card when they first met in 2010 (see [6] above), but,
in my assessment, this is neither here nor there. The point is that the
business cards, which were requisitioned on 15 November 2010, is clear
evidence that SAC thought of itself as being in the business of aircraft
acquisition from its inception. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Ibid.

Second, when Mr Higgins first pursued the acquisition, he did so qua MD of
SAC. This is clear from the fact that when Mr Higgins first contacted Mr
Mulacek, he not only signed off as MD of SAC but also asked that Mr Johnstone
be contacted to assist in matters relating to the acquisition of the Aircraft
and continued copying Mr Johnstone in the correspondence concerning the
acquisition of the Aircraft for the next two months (see [7] above). Third, it
is clear that SAC had an interest in the acquisition for it was allocated a
“finders’ fee” of $15,000 for the acquisition. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE (19 July 2016), p 86, line 1 to p 89, line 5; NE (21 July 2016) p 108, line
3 to p 109, line 7.

I reject Mr Higgins’s explanation that this was merely a “gesture” given to
SAC because Mr Johnstone had “moaned and… groaned”. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE (21 July 2016), p 111, line 24 to p 114, line 22 (especially at p 113, line
22).

Instead, I find that the explanation which is more consistent with the
evidence is that proffered by Mr Johnstone, which was that he had asked Mr
Higgins if there would be a finder’s fee because he perceived aircraft
acquisition to be within SAC’s business and had therefore sought a finder’s
fee on SAC’s behalf. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

NE (19 July 2016) p 86, lines 2–22.

This is consistent both with what I found about SAC’s initial involvement in
the acquisition as well as the subterfuge concerning the disclosure of the
Escrow documents, which is a point which I shall come to shortly.

100 In my judgment, the work done by Mr Higgins in the course of his work in
the acquisition falls within the ambit of his fiduciary obligations. In the
ordinary course of things, this would be the end of the matter, and Mr Higgins
would be subject to an obligation to account for all of the profits he
received. However, Mr Higgins argued that he is absolved of liability because
he had made full and frank disclosure to SAC on three occasions, of which the
most significant was on 11 August 2011 when he allegedly informed SAC’s board
of directors of his intentions to set up an aircraft acquisition business.
This was recorded in a document which was purportedly the minutes of a meeting
between the directors of SAC on 11 August 2011. It reads in material part as
follows: 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

P 13, p 2.

DH announced intention to set up a Singapore based aircraft acquisition
business with Jack Kendall of OK Consultants, California. DH suggested that
SAC would benefit from new business by way of aircraft management contracts
for aircraft sourced by the new business. DW proposed DW and NJ receive shares
at a 50% discount in lieu of salary in the amount of $5000 per month. Item
under review.

[emphasis added]

101 SAC disputed the authenticity of these minutes pointing to, among other
things, the lateness of the disclosure, the fact that it was unsigned, and the
fact that there is no record of such a meeting in SAC’s minute book. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 11 and 12.

In my judgment, there are serious doubts as to whether the minutes are genuine
and I decline to place any weight on them. In any event, I note that there was
no agreement reached at the meeting; instead, all that was said was that the
item – by which it can only mean both Mr Higgins’s proposal to set up an
aircraft business with Mr Kendall and the proposal that Mr Walker and Mr
Johnstone receive a monthly salary – was under review and there is no evidence
that it was taken up on another occasion.

102 I am further fortified in my conclusion by the facts leading up to the
disclosure of the Escrow documents, which I adverted to at [10] above. Mr
Higgins first alluded to the existence of the transfer for $15,000 to SAC
(which was referred to as a finder’s fee) during the trial. Thereafter, SAC
sought disclosure of these documents but only a redacted copy of the Escrow
Report was released which revealed that $15,000 had been transferred to MAM.
Critically, what was redacted were the transfers of US$316,500 to MAM and a
further US$316,500 to OK Consultants. What followed was a vigorous exchange of
correspondence in which Mr Higgins continued to resist disclosure. This
culminated in the filing of Summons No 3381 of 2016, which was an application
for specific discovery of an unredacted copy of the Escrow Report. I heard
this application and granted it on the first day of the second tranche of the
trial. If it were the case that Mr Higgins had the consent of the board of SAC
to pursue the acquisition through MAM (and if it were the case that SAC had
merely been given the finder’s fee as an undeserved gratuity), there would
have been no need for the titanic struggle to hide the contents of the Escrow
Report. The fact he did, in my judgment, is eloquent of a clear consciousness
of wrongdoing.

103 In the result, I conclude that Mr Higgins is liable to account to SAC in
the sum of $316,500 for the profits he obtained from the acquisition of the
Aircraft. For avoidance of doubt, I clarify that since AirLNG was not a party
before me, my judgment does not affect whatever rights it might have against
Mr Higgins or SAC.

Makassar-Ambon Charter

104 As for the claim relating to the Makassar-Ambon Charter, there is no
question that the chartering of flights is part of SAC’s core business. As its
MD, Mr Higgins ought not to have profited personally from this. Mr Higgins’s
only response was that he had not profited from the charter and that the sums
received went to someone else instead. I have already dealt with this at
[56]–[57] above. I therefore find that Mr Higgins is to account to SAC in the
sum of US$24,000.

Retention of documents

105 Finally, I come to the third alleged breach, which is that Mr Higgins had
acted against SAC’s interests in retaining – among other documents – one of
the logbooks relating to the maintenance and servicing history of the Aircraft
(the “Logbook”). I will briefly set out the background to this claim. On 30
April 2012, after the termination of the AMS Agreement, SAC had delivered all
of the Aircraft’s records to AirLNG, believing these to be the complete set of
technical documents relating to the Aircraft which was in their possession.
However, during the trial, it transpired that – much to the surprise of the
directors of SAC – Mr Higgins had the Logbook in his possession and that he
had been holding onto it for the past four years. Mr Higgins initially
resisted delivery up of the Logbook on the ground that he had a lien over it
but complied after a summons was filed. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Affidavit of Daniel Chance Walker in Summons No 1513 of 2016 dated 17 March
2016 at paras 6–11.

106 Under cl 4(b) of the AMS Agreement, SAC was to arrange for “appropriate
maintenance of Aircraft technical records, logs and other materials required
by the FAA and to make the same available to [AirLNG] on request.” 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

1 ABD 178.

After the termination of the AMS Agreement, SAC was clearly required to turn
over all records relating to the Aircraft. I completely reject Mr Higgins’s
argument that he had a lien over the logbook. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at para 395.

Mr Higgins has not cited any authority to support his contention that a lien
may arise under these circumstances nor has he even specified what type of
lien he is asserting. On the assumption that it is a common law possessory
lien that he claims, this argument cannot succeed. At common law, a possessory
lien, arises in respect of goods owned by the debtor (see Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore vol 5 (LexisNexis, 2013 Reissue) at para 60.363). The Logbook
belongs to AirLNG while Mr Higgins’s case is that it is SAC which owes him
money. I fail to see how he can assert a lien over the Logbook in these
circumstances. In holding onto the logbook for four whole years, Mr Higgins
placed SAC in breach of contract and had thereby fallen short of his duty to
act in SAC’s best interests.

107 I turn to the question of the remedy, and this is where I find that SAC’s
claim falters for want of proof of loss. By SAC’s own case, the losses were
borne by AirLNG, and there is no evidence that AirLNG had, at the date of the
trial, sued SAC. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 139–142.

However, the remedy of equitable compensation, which SAC seeks in this case,
172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 116–118.

serves either as reparations for damages suffered or as a monetary
substitution for the loss of a trust asset (see Snell’s Equity (John McGhee
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“Snell’s Equity”) at para 20-028).
Either way, it functions as restitution for the loss which is suffered as a
result of the breach of trust (see Target Holdings Ltd v Redferns [1996] 1 AC
421 at 434C–E per Lord Browne-Wilkinson). In this way, while the remedy of
equitable compensation may be analogised to the award of damages, there are
important differences (see, generally, Quality Assurance Management Asia Pte
Ltd v Zhang Qing [2013] 3 SLR 631 at [39]–[50]. One important difference, it
seems to me, is that it is not possible to make a nominal award. It stands in
contrast with actions in contract (or torts which are actionable per se, such
as defamation),where a nominal sum may be awarded in damages even if there is
no proof of actual loss. In such cases, the award of nominal damages serves a
vindicatory function, it “mark[s] the fact that there has been a breach of
contract” (see Andrew Mappouras v Waldrons Solicitors [2002] EWCA Civ 842 at
[15] per Kay LK). No authority has been cited to me to demonstrate that the
remedy of equitable compensation may play this vindicatory, rather than
compensatory, function. In the circumstances, therefore, I find that SAC is
not entitled to the remedy of equitable compensation which it has claimed.

108 In concluding my analysis of the main claim in Suit 733, I will state
that, contrary to what was submitted, it is clear from what I have found that
there is no basis to for Mr Higgins to be granted relief under s 391(1) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), which permits the court to excuse a
director from liability for breach of fiduciary duty if it can be shown that
the director had “acted honestly and reasonably”. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 289–292.

It is plain from what I have found that the breaches in question were not the
sins of carelessness and imprudence but were conscious, culpable, and
egregious. Mr Higgins acted throughout with a singular object, which was to
advance his own interests at the expense of his principal’s.

Mr Higgins’s counterclaim for unpaid salary

109 I move to Mr Higgins’s counterclaim. He submits that he is entitled to a
sum of US$42,520.16 in salary which he says was due to him for work done
between 1 April 2012 and 18 July 2012. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s reply submissions at para 177.

This claim can be fully disposed of on the basis of admissions made during the
trial.

110 During the trial, Mr Higgins conceded, through his counsel, that he
accepted the contents of two reports produced by accountants 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE (18 July 2016, p 24, line 22 to p 25, line 4)

engaged by SAC which showed that he is only owed a sum of US$14,351.90. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

D15, Tab 2 at para 8.2.

SAC accepted that Mr Higgins is owed this amount but sought to set it off
against other amounts which they claim they are owed. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Suit 733 Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 151–152.

While Mr Higgins belatedly sought to challenge these reports in his closing
submissions, I do not think it is open for him to do so now, given the
admissions which were made at trial and his categorical acceptance of the
contents of the reports. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

Suit 733 Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 173–175.

In any event, Mr Higgins has not led any evidence to suggest that he had not
been paid those sums so there would not be any evidence to contradict the
correctness of the accountants’ reports, in any event. In the premises, I
grant Mr Higgins judgment on his counterclaim in the sum of US$14,351.90.

Conclusion

111 In summary, my decision is as follows:

(a) Suit 244 is dismissed in its entirety.

(b) I allow SAC’s claim in Suit 733 and order:

(i) That an assessment be carried out to determine how much it ought to
receive in respect of its claim for the termination of the AMS Agreement; and

(ii) That SAC shall be awarded a sum of US$340,500 in relation to the secret
profits claim.

(c) I allow Mr Higgins’s counterclaim in Suit 733 and award him a sum of
US$14,351.90.

112 The result in both suits has gone substantially against Mr Higgins. Even
though Mr Higgins succeeded in part in his counterclaim, SAC had never
disputed its liability in respect of such and had in fact informed Mr Higgins
of this fact from an early stage. As a consequence, I order that Mr Higgins
pay the costs, both of the trial as well as that of every interlocutory
application in respect of which costs have been reserved. Given that everyone
save for Mr Higgins was represented by Mr Salem Ibrahim, only one set of costs
will be paid, the quantum of which shall be taxed, if it is not agreed.

Edmund Leow  
Judicial Commissioner

Peter Low, Raj Mannar, and Elaine Low (Peter Low LLC) for the plaintiff in
Suit No 244/2013 and defendant in S 733/2014;  
Salem Ibrahim, Kulvinder Kaur, and Jeriel Lam (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the
defendants in S 244/2013, the plaintiff in S 733/2014, and the defendants in
the counterclaim in S 733/2014.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

