Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 30

Civil Appeal No 67 of 2015

Between

SU EMMANUEL

… Appellant

And

(1)| EMMANUEL PRIYA ETHEL ANNE  
---|---  
(2)| EMMANUEL SATISH PHILIP IGNATIUS  
  
… Respondents

Judgment

[Equity]—[Equitable Accounting]

[Land]—[Tenancy in Common]—[Sale in lieu of partition]

[Trusts]—[Resulting Trusts]—[Presumed resulting trusts]

[Trusts]—[Constructive Trusts]—[Common intention constructive trusts]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Su Emmanuel

  
v

  

Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another

[2016] SGCA 30

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 67 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA, Chan Sek Keong SJ  
18 January 2016

19 May 2016 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In 1995, a married couple purchased a property and registered it in their
joint names. The husband paid the purchase price and serviced the mortgage.
The wife was a homemaker. In 2002, the husband lost his job and ran into
financial difficulties. By then, the couple were also estranged though they
had not commenced divorce proceedings and continued to live in the same house.
In 2004, in an effort to help the couple, the husband’s sister bought a share
of the property. Specifically, she purchased 49% of the property from the
husband, who at that time held 50% of the same. At the same time, a fresh
mortgage was executed over the property to redeem the original mortgage. All
three of them undertook liability to repay the new loan. However, the sister
almost single-handedly redeemed the fresh mortgage by paying the instalments.
She now faces bankruptcy proceedings and has come to court seeking an order
for the sale of the property and a declaration that she owns a beneficial
interest in proportion to her actual contributions towards the purchase of the
property.

2 Two issues arise in this appeal: (a) whether the court should order a sale
of the property; and (b) the extent of the sister’s beneficial interest in the
property. On the first issue, the High Court judge (“the Judge”) ordered that
the property be sold in the open market pursuant to s 18(2) read with the
First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“the SCJA”). On the second issue, the Judge held that the sister was
beneficially entitled to 70% of the property as compared to the 49% interest
that she held as legal owner: see Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne v Su Emmanuel and
Another [2015] SGHC 172 (“the GD”). On appeal, the wife contends that the
Judge erred on both counts.

3 For reasons which we will shortly detail, we allow the appeal in part. We
uphold the Judge’s orders in respect of the sale of the property. In our
judgment, however, the sister is not beneficially entitled to 70% of the
property. Her absolute interest in the property stands at 49%. We therefore
allow this part of the appeal. Nonetheless, we hold that the sister is
entitled, by virtue of the doctrine of equitable accounting, to recover from
the couple a portion of the mortgage repayments that she has made in respect
of the property.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

4 The parties are part of an extended family. The first respondent (“Priya”)
is the younger sister of the second respondent (“Philip”). Philip is married
to the appellant (“Su”). Although they remained married, Philip and Su have
been estranged since 2001.

5 Priya is 60 years old, unemployed and lives in a rented flat. She and Su
have not been on speaking terms for more than a decade. Priya currently faces
bankruptcy proceedings commenced by Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
(“HSBC”). The bankruptcy proceedings have been stayed pending the resolution
of this dispute.

Subject matter of the dispute

6 The dispute centres on a property situated at Block 10D Braddell Hill (“the
Property”). As it currently stands, the Property is held by all three parties
as tenants in common. Su holds 50% of the Property while Priya and Philip hold
49% and 1%, respectively. Su, Philip and their four children (who were aged
28, 26, 20 and 16, respectively, when the matter was heard before the Judge)
currently occupy the Property.

Purchase of the Property by Su and Philip

7 On 28 April 1995, about ten years into their marriage, Su and Philip jointly
purchased the Property for a sum of $628,000. They held the Property as joint
tenants.

8 To finance the purchase, the Property was mortgaged to Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) (“the 1995 mortgage”). Su and Philip were
both liable to repay the loan. Although the evidence in relation to the making
of mortgage payments is not complete, Su has confirmed that she did not make
any payments towards the initial acquisition of the Property or the servicing
of the 1995 mortgage.

Philip runs into financial difficulty

9 In April or May 2002, Philip lost his job and as a result started falling
behind on mortgage repayments. This exposed the couple to the possibility of
losing their home should OCBC decide to foreclose on the 1995 mortgage. Philip
then raised with Su the prospect of selling the Property to unlock its value.

10 In the meantime, Priya came to learn of her brother’s financial plight. She
had some funds in her Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account and was prepared
to assist her brother. With the assistance of solicitors, the siblings began
exploring the ways in which Priya could assist.

Discussions for Priya to buy an interest in the Property

11 According to Priya, between October 2002 and March 2003, the following
possibilities were explored:

(a) Priya to buy 60% of the Property with Philip owning the remaining 40%.

(b) Priya to buy 50% of the Property from Philip and 1% from Su.

(c) Priya to buy 50% of the Property from Su and 1% from Philip.

(d) Priya to buy 50% of the Property from Philip with Su retaining the
remaining 50%.

None of these proposals were approved by the CPF Board.

12 Su has a slightly different account of the various proposals that were
discussed. While she acknowledges that she was not involved in the discussions
between Priya and Philip, she claims to have had sight of four draft
agreements arising out of those discussions. The essence of the four draft
agreements may be summarised as follows:

(a) The first draft agreement: Philip and Priya were each to hold a 50% share
in the Property. This agreement was to be between all three parties. Su did
not produce a copy of this draft in the proceedings.

(b) The second draft agreement: Priya would buy Philip’s half-share of the
Property as well as 1% from Su. This corresponds to proposal (b) outlined in
the previous paragraph. Again all three parties were to sign this agreement.
Su, however, refused to sign it unless certain changes were made. She produced
a marked-up copy of the agreement in her affidavit. One of the proposed
changes was the inclusion of a new clause which in essence provided that Su
and her children would not be evicted from the Property by Priya.

(c) The third draft agreement: Priya would buy Philip’s entire half-share of
the Property. This corresponds to proposal (d) in the previous paragraph.
Unlike the first two draft agreements, the third draft agreement only named
Priya and Philip as parties. This draft also included a clause providing that
Su and her children would not be evicted from the Property by Priya. Su claims
that this clause was included at her insistence.

(d) The fourth draft agreement: This agreement eventually became the sale and
purchase agreement between Philip and Priya (“the SPA”). We discuss its terms
in greater detail below.

Priya purchases 49% of the Property

The SPA and the transfer

13 On 24 April 2003, the parties applied to the CPF Board for approval for
Priya to purchase 49% of the Property from Philip, leaving him with 1% and Su
with 50% of the Property. This was approved by the CPF Board subsequently. At
that time, the Property was valued at $530,000, an amount significantly less
than what Su and Philip had paid for it in 1995. The SPA between Priya and
Philip, executed on 27 May 2003, provided that Philip would sell Priya the
bulk of his interest, specifically a 49% share in the Property, for $259,700.

14 The clause that had first been inserted by Su into the second draft
agreement (see [12(b)] above) found its way into the SPA. Clauses 10 and 11 of
the SPA read as follows:

10\. Su Emmanuel and her children will not be removed or evacuated by any
means (legally and forcefully) by the Purchaser or by the direction of the
Purchaser as the house is the place of dwelling of Su Emmanuel and her
children.

11\. Other than Clause 10, a person who is not a party to this Agreement has
no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001 to enforce
any term of this Agreement.

Clause 10 was the subject of much attention at the hearing before us. We will
return to it later, since it is relevant to the issue of whether the court
should order a sale of the Property.

15 On 20 April 2004, 49% of the Property was transferred from Philip to Priya
for $259,700. The transfer was subsequently registered on 28 June 2004.

The outstanding loan, CPF charge and refinancing arrangements

16 For the purchase of her 49% share, Priya paid $25,970 (10% of the purchase
price) in cash and used the monies in her CPF account to settle the remaining
$233,730.

17 At the time the SPA was executed, the outstanding amount due on the 1995
mortgage was $345,726.03. The purchase price of $259,700 paid by Priya was
insufficient to fully redeem this mortgage. The money paid by Priya from her
CPF account (amounting to $233,730) was applied to redeem part of the 1995
mortgage, leaving a sum of $111,996.03 outstanding. OCBC then offered to
refinance the property by extending a new loan to the parties secured by a
fresh mortgage over the Property (referred to hereinafter as “the new loan” or
“the second mortgage”). The following is a brief summary of the terms of the
new loan as set out in OCBC’s Letter of Offer dated 14 August 2003:

(a) All three parties were named as the mortgagors. The purpose of the loan
was stated as being to redeem the 1995 mortgage and to finance Priya’s
purchase of the 49% share of the Property from Philip.

(b) For this purchase, Priya had to withdraw $233,730 from her CPF Account.

(c) The loan amount was limited to $165,000 and its duration was a term of ten
years.

(d) The monthly instalment payable was $1,481.56. The bank also agreed to
allow payments to be made from the mortgagors’ CPF accounts.

18 A surplus of $53,003.97 remained after the outstanding amount under the
1995 mortgage ($111,996.03) was deducted from the amount disbursed under the
new loan ($165,000). This was used in part to pay legal fees for the transfer
before an amount of $42,608.83 was disbursed to Philip. Philip claims to have
returned $20,000 to Priya. The use of these monies is not relevant to the
present dispute.

19 At the time the SPA was executed, the CPF Board had a charge over the
Property for the sums Philip had withdrawn from his CPF account to purchase
the Property or pay for the instalments under the 1995 mortgage. As no money
was repaid into Philip’s CPF account, the Property was again charged to the
CPF Board to secure the monies used by both Philip and Priya from their
respective CPF accounts.

Contributions and alleged representations

Priya

20 According to Priya, Philip had given her the impression that he intended to
repay her as soon as he could secure employment. She believed that the
arrangement they had entered into for her to purchase a share of the Property
was to remain in place for only a relatively short time to enable Philip to
get back on his feet. Things did not turn out as she expected.

21 From September 2004 until December 2010, Priya serviced the new loan
entirely on her own. She first paid $6,199.36 and then made monthly payments
of between $1,572.60 and $1,671.60 from her CPF account. Priya says that she
always knew that she could not make monthly payments out of her disposable
income and only agreed to purchase a share of the Property if she could
service the loan using monies from her CPF account.

22 When Priya turned 55 years old in December 2010, she could no longer use
her CPF monies to service the instalments. She had to make cash payments as
and when these fell due. In all, she claims to have paid $20,000 in cash
towards the discharge of the new loan. In total, she claims to have paid
$525,579.10 ($434,782.50 excluding interest accrued on her CPF withdrawals).
The breakdown of her contributions is set out in the GD (at [16]):

(a)| Payment of 10% of purchase price| $25,970.00  
---|---|---  
(b)| Payment from her CPF account for 49% of the Property| $233,730.00  
(c)| Instalments on the loan paid from her CPF account| $155,082.50  
(d)| Interest accrued on her CPF withdrawals| $ 90,796.60  
(e)| Cash top-up on repayments of the loan| $ 20,000.00  
| |   
| Total| $525,579.10  
  
Philip

23 Philip admits that he had difficulties servicing the 1995 mortgage after
losing his job. He also does not dispute the quantum of Priya’s contributions
but he contends that she knew from the outset that her CPF monies would be
insufficient to purchase the 49% share and redeem the 1995 mortgage and
therefore that it would be necessary to obtain a fresh bank loan. Philip also
accepts that he had intended to repay Priya her instalment payments as soon as
he secured a job although he never did.

24 Priya does not deny that Philip’s son had paid $21,032.94 and Philip
himself had paid $8,977.88 towards the outstanding mortgage as at April 2013
(a total of $30,010.82). As it now stands, the new loan has been fully repaid.

25 All in all, Philip claims to have contributed $490,803.83 from the time the
Property was first purchased in 1995. As was noted by the Judge (at [25] of
the GD), his assertions are largely unsubstantiated.

26 What is clear, however, is that Philip paid a total of $240,803.36 from his
CPF account towards the initial purchase of the Property and the servicing of
the mortgage repayments. This sum, together with any accrued interest, is to
be refunded to Philip’s CPF account if and when the Property is sold. As at
August 2014, the total accrued interest on the principal sum is $155,625.21.
This means that a sum of at least $396,428.57 will have to be returned to
Philip’s CPF account if and when the Property is sold and this is secured by
the CPF charge over the Property. Incidentally, the same applies to Priya’s
contributions to her purchase of 49% of the Property and subsequent mortgage
repayments made from monies from her CPF account, which too will have to be
refunded to her CPF account together with accrued interest.

Su

27 It is common ground that Su made no financial contribution towards the
initial purchase of the Property in 1995 or to subsequent mortgage repayments.
However, Su contends that various representations were made to her prior to
the execution of the SPA which eventually persuaded her to acquiesce in the
arrangements that Philip and Priya devised. The representations were described
by the Judge in the GD as follows (at [33]):

… [Su] asserted that [Priya] and [Philip] assured her that:

(a) based on the SPA, her position and that of her children was secured as
none of them would lose the right to live in the property;

(b) she need not worry about repayment of the [new] mortgage loan as the
plaintiff would utilise her CPF funds to pay for the property as well as take
a small bank loan to cover some portion of the 49% share’s price as well as
whatever amounts that were outstanding under the original loan. [Priya] was a
joint borrower (with her and [Philip]) of the loan and [Priya] knew that
neither [Su] nor [Philip] were in a position to make the loan repayments;

(c) the property would be split into ownership according to the parties’
shares and [Su] would retain 50% ownership so that as a majority owner, she
could override any attempts to sell the property;

(d) [Priya] and [Philip] were in any event expecting to receive a large sum of
money shortly due to certain investments which meant that the property would
be paid up before long.

28 As for the payments, Su does not dispute the figures provided by Priya. Nor
does she deny that Priya repaid the new loan almost single-handedly. Her
position is simply that Priya had never asked her to make any repayments. Su
also avers that Priya was aware at the material time that neither Philip nor
she was in any position to service the loan. Ultimately, Su takes the position
that Priya made a bad bargain with her brother and this has nothing to do with
her.

Priya’s financial difficulty and the attempts to sell the Property

29 From 2011 onwards, Priya faced difficulties meeting the loan repayments
because she could no longer use the monies in her CPF account to pay the
instalments on the new loan. She found herself caught up in a vicious cycle of
borrowing from one moneylender or financial institution to pay off existing
debts owed to other moneylenders and financial institutions. She also
repeatedly informed Philip, who was still unemployed, that she could no longer
manage payment of the instalments.

30 Sometime in September or October 2012, Priya asked Philip to speak to Su to
consider the possibility of obtaining an overdraft facility secured against
the Property in order to tide them over the difficult situation that they were
facing. She also asked about the possibility of selling the Property. Philip
told Priya that he had no say in the matter because he held only 1% of the
Property, but he agreed to speak to Su. As it turned out, Su did not agree to
the overdraft, though she did agree to the possible sale of the Property at a
price of $1.6m, which was a price she believed her housing agent could secure.
Priya acceded to this suggestion and she signed an exclusive estate agency
agreement in October 2012. According to Priya, it was also agreed that the
proceeds of any sale would be distributed in accordance with the parties’
registered interests in the Property after refunding the relevant amounts to
Philip’s and Priya’s CPF accounts. The parties were unable to find any buyers
for the Property at the price of $1.6m.

31 In March 2013, after further inquiries were made by Priya’s solicitors, Su
indicated that she was agreeable to the sale of the Property provided Priya
only recouped the CPF monies which she had used in the purchase of her 49%
share as well as in servicing the repayments under the second mortgage. Priya
rejected this proposal.

32 In August 2014, a privatisation exercise affecting the Property was carried
out. In September 2014, Su offered Priya $490,000 for her 49% share in the
Property. Priya rejected this as she considered it an unreasonable offer. She
then commenced legal proceedings by way of Originating Summons No 1124 of 2014
(“the OS”).

33 The open market value of the Property as at 17 February 2015, according to
a valuation report obtained by Priya, was $1.25m. To complete the picture in
relation to Priya’s present predicament, HSBC has commenced bankruptcy
proceedings against her for a debt of $28,684.29. In addition, Priya owes
debts to seven other banks. Her total indebtedness at the time of the hearing
below stood at $188,681.96.

Prayers in the OS

34 Priya filed the OS naming Su and Philip as first and second defendants,
respectively. In summary, Priya seeks the following reliefs in the OS:

(a) that the title of the Property be severed and apportioned according to the
respective contributions of Priya, Su and Philip;

(b) that Priya, having contributed approximately 70% of the value of the
Property, be declared entitled to a 70% share of the Property;

(c) that the Property be sold in the open market and Priya be entitled to
receive 70% of the proceeds of sale and Philip and Su be entitled to the
remaining 30%; and

(d) that Philip’s CPF monies withdrawn for the purchase of the Property not be
refunded to his CPF account considering that he is now more than 62 years old,
or alternatively that the refund, if required, be effected by Philip and Su.

The Judge’s decision

35 After hearing the parties, the Judge granted orders in terms of (a)–(c)
above. She also ordered that if a refund of the monies into Philip’s CPF
account was required, this was to be effected by Su or Philip. Additionally,
the Judge ordered that in the event Philip or Su wished to buy over Priya’s
70% share of the Property, such election was to be made within ten days of the
date of the order and the sale was to be completed within 60 days of the date
of the hearing. The Judge also clarified that while there was no need to sever
the tenancies under the first prayer in the OS (see [34(a)] above) because the
Property was held by the parties as tenants in common, “there was a need to
apportion the equitable or beneficial ownership vis a vis the legal ownership”
(the GD at [3]).

36 The Judge noted that it was difficult to sift through the many allegations
and cross-allegations to ascertain the veracity of each side’s version of
events apart from what was reflected in the documents. Turning to the
representations set out at [27] above, the Judge pointed out that Priya seemed
to have abided by representations (a)–(c). The Judge found that representation
(d) was unlikely to have been made given the financial positions of Philip,
who was unemployed, and Priya, who had an occupation which afforded modest
means at the material time.

37 The Judge found that it was unlikely that Priya knew the full implications
of cl 10 of the SPA when she signed the SPA or even later when the proceedings
were commenced. The Judge also pointed out that when it suited her purpose, Su
seemed willing not to enforce whatever rights she thought she had under cl 10
(such as when she agreed to sell the Property at $1.6m (see [30] above) and
when there was a possibility of an en-bloc sale (see [32] above)). To the
Judge, this spoke volumes of the lack of bona fides in Su’s claim that she had
both an entitlement and a need to continue to reside at the Property
indefinitely.

38 The Judge also thought that it would have been highly unjust to Priya if it
were found that she had no remedy by reason of cl 10 of the SPA. Proceeding on
the basis of the maxim “equity will not suffer a wrong to be without a
remedy”, the Judge found that the law would assist Priya for four reasons.
First, Priya could not, without the consent of Su and Philip, sell the
Property to recoup her purchase price and other monies expended despite having
a 49% interest. Second, even if Priya could sell the Property, she was
precluded from evicting Su and her children from the Property by cl 10 of the
SPA. Third, Priya did not ask to occupy the Property despite Philip’s claim to
the contrary. Even if such a request had been made, it would have certainly
been denied by Philip or Su. Finally, if the Property was not sold, Priya
would be adjudged a bankrupt. For these reasons, the Judge granted most of the
prayers in the OS.

Arguments of the parties

39 We turn to the parties’ arguments, concentrating on those that received the
greatest attention during the hearing of the appeal.

40 We pause to note that although Philip appeared before the court, as he was
both a respondent in the appeal and a defendant in the proceedings below, he
was not represented and he did not canvass any arguments before us. We
therefore consider only the submissions made on behalf of Su and Priya.

Su’s arguments

41 Arguing that the Judge erred in ordering a sale of the Property, Su
contends that she has an enforceable contractual right, by virtue of cl 10 of
the SPA, to stay in the Property indefinitely. According to her, when cl 10 is
properly construed, it becomes evident that the parties to the SPA intended to
confer on Su and her children an enforceable right to remain in the Property
and not be evicted. The Judge should therefore not have ordered the sale as
this was neither necessary nor expedient. As an alternative, Su relies on the
doctrine of promissory estoppel. She says that Philip and Priya had
represented to her that neither she nor her children would be denied their
right to live in the Property. She allegedly relied on this representation and
did not attempt to work to achieve economic independence. Thus, Priya and
Philip are estopped from seeking an order for the sale of the Property which
will inevitably have the effect of evicting Su and her children from the
Property.

42 As to Priya’s beneficial interest in the Property, Su argues that the Judge
erred in finding that Priya was beneficially entitled to a 70% share of the
Property. No purchase price resulting trust arises because Priya was not an
original co-purchaser of the Property in 1995. Further, Su argues that her
interest in the Property is indefeasible by virtue of s 46 of the Land Titles
Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”). Any common intention constructive
trust, she says, cannot defeat her indefeasible title.

Priya’s arguments

43 Priya argues that it is necessary or expedient for the Property to be sold.
She argues that cl 10 of the SPA is void for being a total restraint on
alienation of her share of the Property. She also raises the defence of non
est factum, claiming not to have understood the clause in the manner which Su
now seeks to have it applied. She further argues that cl 10 should be
construed narrowly such that it only applies to prevent her from seeking to
evict Su and her children from the premises so long as Su retains her interest
in the Property. It should not be interpreted to prohibit Priya from selling
her interest or from applying to court for the sale of the Property for as
long as Su and her children wish to occupy it.

44 As to the parties’ beneficial interest in the Property, Priya argues that a
resulting trust arises in her favour because she contributed substantially to
the purchase price of the Property. In the alternative, she relies on a common
intention constructive trust as a basis for her contention that she is
beneficially entitled to 70% of the Property.

Further arguments

45 At the hearing, we raised the applicability of the remedy of equitable
accounting in the context of the present facts. Priya had referred to the
remedy in her written submissions when discussing the case of Chan Yuen Lan v
See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 (“Chan Yuen Lan”), which we will return to
later. After we reserved judgment, Su’s counsel sought leave to file further
arguments on the remedy of equitable accounting. We granted leave to both
parties to file further written submissions on the question of whether
equitable accounting is available as a remedy on the facts of the case and
they subsequently did so.

Our decision

Sale in lieu of partition

46 We begin with the first issue in the appeal: whether an order should be
made for sale of the Property. Priya applies for such an order pursuant to s
18(2) read with the First Schedule to the SCJA (“the First Schedule”). Section
18(2) of the SCJA provides that the High Court shall have the powers set out
in the First Schedule. Paragraph 2 of the First Schedule reads as follows:

Power to partition land and to direct a sale instead of partition in any
action for partition of land; and in any cause or matter relating to land,
where it appears necessary or expedient, to order the land or any part of it
to be sold, and to give all necessary and consequential directions.

47 In Abu Bakar v Jawahir and others [1993] 1 SLR(R) 865 (“Abu Bakar”), S
Rajendran J allowed an application for sale of a property pursuant to s
18(2)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
1985 SCJA”), which is materially similar in terms to para 2 of the First
Schedule. In Abu Bakar, members of the same family held unequal shares in a
property located in Singapore. The plaintiff, who had a share, had moved out
and wanted to settle down in Malaysia. He tried without success to persuade
the other co-owners to purchase his share in the property. The defendants
opposed the sale on the basis that they (and the plaintiff, if he wished) had
a right to reside in the “family home” and any sale would cause them
considerable inconvenience and hardship.

48 Rajendran J reviewed the history behind the court’s power to order a
partition of land and to order a sale in lieu of partition (at [7]–[16]). He
began with the position in the United Kingdom (“UK”). In essence, there was,
at common law, no right for co-owners to compel partition save for an
exception that was carved out for joint heirs. But, by the Partition Act 1539
(c 1) (UK) and the Partition Act 1540 (c 32) (UK) (“the Partition Acts 1539
and 1540”), a statutory right to compel partition was conferred upon joint
tenants as well as tenants in common. Further legislation in 1868 and 1876
(namely, the Partition Act 1868 (c 40) (UK) and the Partition Act 1876 (c 17)
(UK) (“the Partition Acts 1868 and 1876”)) allowed the court to order a sale
in lieu of partition where the nature of the property or the interest of the
parties rendered that more convenient.

49 Rajendran J went on to trace how these pieces of UK legislation took hold
in Singapore law and concluded (correctly, in our view) that a court was “no
longer bound by the provisions of the Partition Acts of 1868 and 1876 and was
free to exercise this jurisdiction whenever it appeared necessary or expedient
for the court to do so” (at [17]). This state of the law then came to be
reflected in s 18(2)(c) of the 1985 SCJA and is currently the position in
Singapore law pursuant to s 18(2) of the SCJA read with para 2 of the First
Schedule.

50 On the facts before him, Rajendran J concluded that partition of such a
small family house amongst several co-owners was practically impossible. While
the best solution would have been for the defendants to buy out the
plaintiff’s interest, this was not possible. In the circumstances and he
ordered a sale in lieu of partition, being satisfied that this was necessary
and expedient in the circumstances. Perceived hardship and inconvenience to
the other co-owners were not in themselves sufficient to prevent the sale
order from being made.

51 The analysis in Abu Bakar was adopted by the High Court in Toh Tian Sze v
Han Kim Wah [2012] 3 SLR 682. There, the parties agreed to partition the land
on particular terms but approval from the competent authority was not
forthcoming. Lee Seiu Kin J ordered a sale of the property instead because the
parties had difficulties in their relationship and an order for partition as
opposed to sale would have required them to work together despite these
difficulties. He was also satisfied that there would be no substantial
prejudice to the defendant as she had not been residing in the property and
had only been deriving rent from it.

52 In Chiam Heng Luan and others v Chiam Heng Hsien and others [2007] 4 SLR(R)
305, Judith Prakash J granted an order for the sale of a property in lieu of
partition. Almost all the parties wished to have the property sold. It was
found that the exercise by the resisting co-owners’ of their right to joint
possession did not serve any practical purpose but would instead aggravate the
existing tensions among them. Furthermore, the property was not in a good
state of repair. Prakash J was also satisfied that no serious prejudice would
be caused by a sale.

53 In Neo Hui Ling v Ang Ah Sew [2010] SGHC 328, a sale was ordered because it
was impossible to expect the parties to act jointly on matters relating to the
property given the state of their relationship. Lai Siu Chiu J also took into
account the fact that the plaintiff could no longer service the housing loan,
and it was possible that all parties would lose the property should the bank
decide to foreclose on the mortgage. On the other hand, no undue hardship
would be visited on the defendant if the property was sold; see also the
decision of this court in Abdul Razak Valibhoy and another v Abdul Rahim
Valibhoy and others [1995] 1 SLR(R) 441 at [19] where this court stated that
it was relevant to consider the potential prejudice to the party resisting an
order of sale in deciding if a sale ought to be ordered.

54 Unlike these cases, the court in Nora Chia v Muthukrishnan Christopher
Pillay [1998] SGHC 96 (“Nora Chia”) declined to order a sale of the property.
Su places much reliance on this decision. Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was)
declined to make an order for sale of the property where the parties, after
divorce, had consented to orders in the decree nisi for the (former)
matrimonial home to remain in their joint names. He noted that the orders in
the decree nisi had been made in terms sought by the plaintiff, who was now
seeking the sale. As Tay JC put it, the terms “had been forged by the hammer
of intensive negotiations, with both parties having legal advice” (at [53]).
Furthermore, the terms of the decree nisi suggested that the defendant would
remain in exclusive possession of the flat and would be the only one to decide
whether to keep the flat or sell it (at [54]). Tay JC considered that a forced
sale in these circumstances would entail a variation of the consent orders
when the court had no grounds for doing so. He also considered the fact that
the plaintiff had moved to England while the defendant, who had remarried, had
been living in the house with his wife for more than 12 years. While both
parties could no longer buy a flat from the Housing Development Board (“HDB”)
as a result of their joint ownership of the former matrimonial home, this had
a greater impact on the defendant who was the only one currently residing in
Singapore whereas the plaintiff was unlikely to return.

55 It is evident from Tay JC’s analysis in Nora Chia that (a) he was mindful
that the parties had agreed on terms as to whether and in what circumstances
the property could or would be sold; and (b) he balanced the prejudice to each
party in the alternative scenarios where an order for sale was made and where
it was not.

56 In connection with the first of these two points, namely the relevance of
any agreement between the parties, we find it helpful to have regard to the
decision of the English Court of Appeal in In re Buchanan-Wollaston’s
Conveyance; Curtis v Buchanan-Wollaston [1939] 1 Ch 738 (“Curtis v Buchanan-
Wollaston”). In that case, the co-owners of a piece of land agreed, pursuant
to a deed of covenant, that transactions concerning the northern part of the
land required the parties’ unanimous agreement while transactions affecting
the southern part of the land would be determined by majority vote. In a
subsequent application brought by one of the parties for an order of sale
contrary to what had expressly been provided for in the deed, the court
explained that “a person who had contracted … as to the way in which questions
relating to this land should be dealt with, could not come to the Court and
ask the Court to act in a way inconsistent with his own contractual
obligation” (at 745). Although the court in that case was concerned with a
somewhat different statutory provision, it seems to us that the underlying
principle remains relevant. The short point is that the court should not
ordinarily make an order which would effectively override or modify the terms
of an agreement that has been struck between the parties on the very issue
that the court is asked to determine. Hence, where a co-owner seeks an order
for sale of a property in circumstances where this would be contrary to terms
that the parties had already agreed on, the existence of such an agreement
must at least be a weighty consideration for the court in determining whether
a sale ought to be granted.

57 In our judgment, the following points may be distilled from the foregoing
discussion of the authorities:

(a) In deciding whether it is necessary or expedient for a sale to be ordered
in lieu of partition, the court conducts a balancing exercise of various
factors, including (i) the state of the relationship between the parties
(which would be indicative of whether they are likely to be able to co-operate
in the future); (ii) the state of the property; and (iii) the prospect of the
relationship between the parties deteriorating if a sale was not granted such
that a “clean-break” would be preferable.

(b) Regard should be had to the potential prejudice that the various co-owners
might face in each of the possible scenarios, namely, if a sale is granted and
if it is not granted.

(c) A sale would not generally be ordered if to do so would violate a prior
agreement between the co-owners concerning the manner in which the land may be
disposed of.

58 We turn to the present case in the light of these principles, placing, for
the moment, cl 10 of the SPA to one side. On this basis, it is clear to us
that Priya is prima facie entitled to an order for sale of the Property. There
was a clear impasse between the parties. Priya and Su have not been on
speaking terms for more than a decade, making it difficult to see how the
parties would be able to cooperate if they were to remain co-owners of the
Property. Most of the discussions on the issues concerning the Property have
been conducted through Philip who is himself estranged from his own wife, Su.
The already difficult relationship between the parties will only deteriorate
further if Priya is adjudged bankrupt as a consequence of Su’s refusal to
cooperate either in selling the Property or otherwise addressing the
prevailing situation.

59 The prejudice Priya would suffer as a result of the Property not being sold
also significantly outweighs the prejudice that Su would suffer if the
Property were sold. Priya has expended a significant amount of her income and
savings on the Property and her interest in the Property is at least 49%.
Indeed, the Property appears to be Priya’s principal asset. Su, on the other
hand, accepts that she has made no financial contribution to the Property. If
Priya is unable to realise any value from the Property, she would almost
certainly be adjudged bankrupt. Furthermore, despite making the mortgage
repayments under the second mortgage, she has not enjoyed occupation of the
Property. She continues to reside in a rented HDB apartment.

60 In our judgment, Su does not stand to suffer comparable prejudice. Although
she has four children, her youngest is at least 16 years old and her older two
children have already started working. In the event of a sale, she would be
able to realise her value in the Property and look for alternative
accommodation. Su’s counsel highlighted that a significant amount of the sale
proceeds would have to be credited into Philip’s CPF account and there would
be no guarantee that Su would receive her proceeds of sale. We deal with this
point below at [117]–[119]. In our judgment, even if Su may be prejudiced, she
may be able to get help from her children who are working. But, in any case,
this does not, in our judgment, outweigh the potential prejudice to Priya who
stands to be made bankrupt and lose almost her entire savings if a sale is not
ordered. We are strengthened in this view by the fact that Su had, in the
past, agreed to sell the Property. It therefore appears that Su’s objection to
the sale is more a matter of money than of principle.

61 For these reasons, we are satisfied, leaving cl 10 of the SPA to one side,
that Priya is prima facie entitled to an order for the sale of the Property.
We next consider whether cl 10 of the SPA amounts to an agreement between the
co-owners concerning the manner in which the Property would be disposed of, in
which case we should be slow to make an order for sale of the Property (see
[57(c)] above).

Proper interpretation of cl 10 of the SPA

62 In our judgment, cl 10 of the SPA, properly construed, is not an agreement
between the co-owners concerning the circumstances or manner in which the
Property may be disposed of. The context surrounding the execution of the SPA
and the insertion of cl 10 is pivotal to understanding its purpose.

63 Su says in her affidavit that she was keen to retain her 50% interest in
the Property when negotiations were being conducted for Priya to acquire a
share. Su’s objective in retaining a 50% share of the Property may be
discerned from the representations that Su claims were made to her at that
time (see [27] above). One of the alleged representations was that by
retaining a 50% interest, she would be able to prevent the sale of the
Property. But if this was the reason for Su’s insistence on retaining a 50%
interest in the Property, what then was the reason for inserting cl 10, which
was evidently inserted at Su’s insistence as a proposed amendment into the
second draft agreement (see [12(b)] above)? It remained in subsequent
iterations of the draft agreement and was retained in the SPA. We are
satisfied that cl 10 was drafted and inserted into the SPA, not to address any
question of the sale of the Property, but rather to assuage Su’s fear that
Priya would attempt to evict her and her children from the Property and
attempt to take possession of it once Priya became a co-owner. Consistent with
this, Su in fact argues in her written submissions that cl 10 was inserted to
guard against this very possibility of Priya evicting her and her children
from the Property. In short, cl 10 is concerned with the separate question as
between Su and Priya of the occupation of the Property by Su and her children
and not with its sale.

64 In keeping with this, it may be noted that cl 10 says nothing about whether
Su may sell her interest in the Property. Instead, it only refers to Su being
evicted by Priya, and not by anyone else. Had Priya sold her interest in the
Property back to Philip (or to anyone else for that matter), there would be
nothing to prevent Philip (or the new proprietor) seeking an order for the
sale of the Property. In our judgment, cl 10 was specifically targeted at
Priya only and this was put in place because of the unhappy state of the
relationship between Su and Priya. If cl 10 was intended as an agreement
between the co-owners concerning the disposal of the Property, we would have
expected that Philip would also have been named in the clause. Su’s
interpretation of the clause would have the effect of preventing only Priya
from seeking an order for the sale of the Property. We are unable to accept
this.

65 Clause 10 may also be contrasted with the specific arrangements that were
in place in Curtis v Buchanan-Wollaston where the parties detailed in a deed
of covenant the level of agreement required between the parties (unanimously
in one situation, or by majority in another) before dealings with the land
were permitted under the deed (see [56] above). Similarly, in Nora Chia, Tay
JC found that it was implied in the terms of the decree nisi that the parties
had agreed that the defendant would remain in exclusive possession of the flat
and would be the only one to decide whether to keep the flat or sell it (see
[54] above). In our judgment, cl 10 on its terms does not and cannot have a
similar effect.

66 In our judgment, cl 10 might have precluded Priya from evicting Su and her
children from the Property as long as Priya remained the owner of 49% of the
Property. But that is as far as it goes. Any other conclusion would entail
holding that Su, at her option, could remain in occupation of the Property for
as long as she wished without having to pay anything; and concomitantly, that
Priya had an obligation to keep her assets frozen indefinitely in a property
that she could not herself occupy. We find this an improbable scenario
especially in the absence of language in the clearest terms having this
effect. In the circumstances, we are satisfied that Priya would not be acting
in a manner inconsistent with her contractual obligations by seeking an order
for sale.

67 Finally, we also consider that Su may well have believed that by her
insistence on holding a half-share of the Property, she would be able to block
any sale of the Property. But Su’s mistaken belief in this regard is not
relevant to the exercise of our discretion as to whether we should grant a
sale in lieu of partition. Priya was before us, as a co-owner, seeking an
order for sale. This was an issue to be determined in accordance with the
principles we have outlined above and Su’s subjective (and mistaken) belief as
to what rights she may have had cannot affect this.

Promissory estoppel

68 There remains the question of Su’s reliance on the doctrine of promissory
estoppel by reason of which she contends that Priya is estopped from seeking
an order for sale. In Cupid Jewels Pte Ltd v Orchard Central Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2014] 2 SLR 156 (“Cupid Jewels”) we recognised that promissory
estoppel could in principle prevent the exercise of a statutorily conferred
right (at [37]). In the present case, Priya did not contend that estoppel
would be inapplicable in principle. We therefore consider the matter on the
substance of the argument.

69 The substantive requirements of estoppel – representation, reliance and
detriment – are well established (see Cupid Jewels at [35]; Oriental
Investments (SH) Pte Ltd v Catalla Investments Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 1182 at
[83]; Aero-Gate Pte Ltd v Engen Marine Engineering Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 409 at
[37]). Su avers that Priya and Philip represented to her that she would not be
evicted from the Property and that she would not have to worry about making
mortgage repayments (see [27] above). She goes on to say that she relied on
the representations when she consented to Philip selling 49% of the Property
to Priya and also when she undertook joint liability for the new loan. Even if
we were prepared to assume that these two elements are satisfied, we consider
that Su cannot invoke promissory estoppel because she is unable to show that
she suffered any detriment.

70 Su says she suffered detriment because she left the responsibility for
making the mortgage repayments to Priya and did not look for employment or
find any other means of obtaining finance. She claims that she was willing to
seek gainful employment to secure her financial position at the time Priya
bought a share of the Property. She avers that she did not do so because of
the representations. We do not accept these submissions for three reasons.
First, Su has been unemployed, by choice, since 1996. She did not contribute
to the purchase of the Property in 1995 even when she was employed. To claim
that she would have returned to the workforce almost a decade later in order
to manage the mortgage repayments under the second mortgage was simply not
credible. Further, having regard to the strained state of her relationship
with Priya, if her claim was true, we would have expected Su to have taken
this course in preference to finding herself a co-owner of the Property with
Priya. To put it simply, if Su had truly contemplated being gainfully
employed, there would have been no need for Priya to buy a share in the
Property or, as it transpired, to provide a monthly allowance of $500 to Su’s
family. Second, Su has not adduced any evidence to demonstrate that she would
have been in a position to draw a steady income that was sufficient to enable
her to support her and her four children and meet the mortgage payments while
Philip remained unemployed. Third, her claim that she did not enter the
workforce because of the alleged representations are contradicted by the
evidence in her affidavit where she states that she wanted to return to the
workforce but feared for her children if they were left alone with Philip.
Therefore, whatever might have been Su’s reasons for not seeking employment,
we do not consider them to have had anything to do with the alleged
representations.

71 In our judgment, Su was perfectly content for Priya to step in to assist
because she and Philip would, in all likelihood, have lost the Property to the
bank if not for Priya’s assistance. On the whole, we consider that Su greatly
benefited from the magnanimity of Priya who had allowed Su and her family to
continue living in the Property despite the fact that she alone was paying the
instalments under the second mortgage.

Conclusion on whether the Property should be sold

72 In the premises, we are satisfied that the Judge did not err in ordering a
sale of the Property.

73 We also leave undisturbed the Judge’s order giving Philip or Su the option
of purchasing Priya’s interest, at a value to be determined. This option may
be exercised within 14 days of the date of this judgment and any sale is to be
completed within a further period of 42 days. This remains a way forward for
the parties if Su truly wishes to continue occupying the Property.

74 Finally, we observe that if no order for sale was made and Priya were to be
adjudged a bankrupt, it would likely be the Official Assignee who would be
seeking an order for the sale of the Property in order to meet the claims of
Priya’s creditors. In that situation, we fail to see how cl 10, even on the
basis of Su’s interpretation, could possibly have stood in the way of the
Official Assignee. At the hearing, we highlighted this possibility to the
parties and even afforded them a two-week window in order for them to come to
a consensual agreement on selling the Property. No agreement was reached,
further illustrating the reality that if no order for sale were made, the
parties would simply not be able to cooperate with each other.

Priya’s beneficial interest in the Property

75 We turn to the other issue in this appeal, which is the ascertainment of
Priya’s beneficial interest in the Property. The Judge held that Priya was
beneficially entitled to 70% of the Property. The arguments before us focused
on whether Priya had a beneficial interest in the Property greater than her
legal interest of 49% either on the basis of a resulting trust or a common
intention constructive trust.

76 While there was some mention of the Property being the matrimonial home of
Su and Philip, it is not disputed that the usual common law principles apply
to determine Priya’s beneficial share in the Property. Su and Philip have not
initiated matrimonial proceedings and so the court’s power to divide
matrimonial assets in a manner that is just and equitable under s 112(1) of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) is not relevant. More pertinently,
Priya acquired her interest pursuant to a sale and the court has no power to
divide the Property between Priya and either Su or Philip otherwise than in
accordance with their true interests at law. At its core, Priya’s argument is
that the extent of her beneficial ownership in the Property, by the operation
of equitable principles, should reflect the fact that she had paid most of the
purchase money and the mortgage repayments for the Property.

Resulting trust

77 In Chan Yuen Lan, we revisited the law on resulting trusts in relation to
disputes over the beneficial ownership of property which is used by parties in
a marital, quasi-marital, familial or other intimate relationship. Citing our
earlier decision in Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and another [2008] 2
SLR(R) 108 (“Lau Siew Kim”), we stated (Chan Yuen Lan at [36]):

[In Lau Siew Kim, this court] approved of the view that a presumption of
resulting trust arose when a person made a voluntary payment to another person
or paid (wholly or in part) for the purchase of property which was vested in
the other person …

78 We also considered, in Chan Yuen Lan, that the doctrinal basis for the
presumption of resulting trust is that an intention on the part of the payor
of the purchase price to benefit the recipient (who receives property in his
legal name but who has not paid for the property) will not be readily inferred
(at [43]–[44]; see also Lau Siew Kim at [35]). Put simply, a resulting trust
arises by operation of law unless the court is satisfied that there was indeed
an intention on the part of the person paying the purchase price for the
property to benefit the recipient of the legal title (Chan Yuen Lan at [38]).

79 Where the presumption of a resulting trust is invoked, it is the lack of
intention to benefit the recipient of the property that is being inferred. It
follows that the presumption of resulting trust (and the opposite presumption
of advancement) will be not called in aid when the evidence that is before the
court adequately reveals the true intention of the transferor. After all, if
the evidence before the court directly reveals the actual intentions of the
transferor it will not be necessary to draw the inference of a lack of
intention to benefit the recipient. This was a point that we had made in Lau
Siew Kim (at [36] and [59]) and reiterated in Chan Yuen Lan (at [51]–[52]).

80 Having set out in brief these general principles, we turn to the facts
before us. We consider that no presumption of resulting trust can possibly
arise in this case because it was not possible for Priya to have purchased
more than 49% of the Property. Simply put, only 49% of the Property was up for
sale, and therefore, it was not possible for Priya to have acquired more than
49% of the Property, whether legally or beneficially.

81 At the most basic level, Priya’s contention requires her to demonstrate
that because she paid the equivalent of 70% of the cost of acquiring the
Property, she should be taken to have intended to acquire 70% of the Property;
yet she chose to register only a 49% interest in her name, leaving the
remaining 51% vested in the names of Su and Philip. The facts, however, are
wholly inconsistent with this. At the time Priya bought her share of the
Property in 2004, it had already been registered in Philip’s and Su’s names as
joint tenants and it was not disputed that Philip and Su held the Property as
legal and beneficial joint tenants at the time they acquired it. When Philip
sold his share, the joint tenancy was severed into a tenancy in common under
which Su and Philip each beneficially held 50% of the Property (see the
judgment of Sir Page Wood VC in Williams v Hensman (1861) 1 J & H 546 at 556
which was referred to by this court in Jack Chia-MPH Ltd v Malayan Credit Ltd
[1983-1984] SLR(R) 420 at [2]; Diaz Priscillia v Diaz Angela [1997] 3 SLR(R)
759 at [19]; Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another [1987]
SLR(R) 702 at [11]). It is clear that at the time the SPA was executed in
2004, Priya had only purchased 49% of the Property from Philip. Priya never
dealt with Su’s interest at all. Indeed, Su was not even a party to the SPA.
Furthermore, Su clearly intended to retain her interest (see [63] and [67]
above). Priya only acquired 49% of the Property from Philip, leaving him with
a share of 1% of the Property. In other words, the severance of the joint
tenancy and the sale of a portion of Philip’s interest in the Property to
Priya did not affect Su’s legal and beneficial interest in 50% of the
Property. Without Su having dealt with any part of her share in the Property,
Priya cannot be said to have beneficially acquired any part of her interest in
the Property. Moreover, the fact that the sale and purchase of Philip’s share
was on terms that he retained an interest of 1% similarly precludes any
finding of an intention that Priya was to acquire this as well. The fact that
Priya later contributed to the mortgage repayments could not alter the
beneficial interest which she had obtained at the time of her purchase of a
share in the Property in 2004 (see [87] and [92] below). For this reason
alone, a resulting trust cannot arise in the circumstances to confer on Priya
a beneficial interest greater than her legal interest of 49%.

82 This segues neatly into the second and related point, which is that Priya’s
intention was only to purchase 49% of the Property from Philip in 2004. In the
light of Priya’s actual intention to purchase 49%, and Su’s and Philip’s
actual intention to sell only 49% of the Property, there can be no room for
any presumption of a resulting trust to arise.

Common intention constructive trust

83 We turn to the alternative argument advanced by Priya which rests on a
common intention constructive trust. This is a remedy applied where it is
clear that there is a common intention among the parties as to how their
beneficial interests are to be held. In Chan Yuen Lan, we surveyed the law on
the common intention constructive trust in the UK, Australia and Canada. It is
not necessary to retrace the comprehensive discussion in Chan Yuen Lan (at
[95]–[161]), save to restate a few principles. First, in the absence of any
evidence of a common intention between the parties as to how the beneficial
interest in the property concerned is to be held, the resulting trust remains
the default analysis (Chan Yuen Lan at [158]). Second, to successfully invoke
the common intention constructive trust, the common intention (which may
subsist either at, or subsequent to, the time the property was acquired)
between the parties may either be express or inferred. Third, there must be
sufficient and compelling evidence of the express or inferred common intention
(see Chan Yuen Lan at [160(b)] and [160(f)]).

84 The evidence in this case unequivocally militates against the finding of
any common intention between the parties that Priya was to have more than a
49% interest in the Property for the reasons we have set out at [80]–[82]
above. Nor is there any basis to find a subsequent common intention to vary
the beneficial interests in the Property from the proportions held by the
parties when Priya entered the picture in 2004. Priya argues that there was a
common intention to vary the beneficial interest when it became evident that
she alone was making the mortgage repayments under the second mortgage. Even
if we assume that Priya believed all along that her beneficial interest in the
Property would be increased by virtue of her repayment of the second mortgage,
for a common intention constructive trust to be found, the intention to vary
the beneficial interest must in fact be common to all the parties involved.
Yet it is clear in this case that Su never intended to reduce her interest in
the Property from that which vested in her in 2004. In fact, as we have noted,
Su had wished to retain her 50% interest in the Property in the belief that
she would, as a result of this, be in a position to block any intended sale.
In the light of this, we are satisfied that no common intention constructive
trust can arise. It may also be noted that when the parties contemplated
selling the Property for $1.6m, Priya’s position, as noted at [30] above was
that the net proceeds would be shared in the proportions in which they held
the Property.

85 In the premises, it is unnecessary for us to consider Su’s arguments based
on indefeasibility and s 46 of the LTA. We thus allow this part of the appeal
and set aside the Judge’s declaration that Priya is entitled to 70% of the
Property. As no resulting trust or common intention constructive trust arises,
Priya is both legally and beneficially entitled to 49% of the Property.

Mortgage repayments and liability under a mortgage

86 Priya’s submissions focussed on the fact that she had paid almost all of
the mortgage instalments, and the parties analysed the mortgage payments made
by Priya principally under the rubric of either the resulting trust or the
common intention constructive trust. We have dismissed both of these on the
ground that, having regard to the facts before us, it was plain that there was
never in fact any intention for Priya to hold anything more than a 49%
interest. However, as arguments were raised on this point, we make some
observations on the difference in the treatment of undertaking the liability
for a mortgage on the one hand, and actually making mortgage repayments on the
other and how each of these should be treated for the purpose of determining
each party’s contributions to the acquisition of a property. For the avoidance
of doubt, these observations are not germane to the analysis of direct or
indirect financial contributions that is undertaken in the context of a
division of assets in matrimonial proceedings.

87 In Lau Siew Kim, we addressed the question of whether subsequent mortgage
payments could amount to a direct contribution to the purchase price for the
purpose of establishing a resulting trust. We adopted (at [112]–[113]) the
orthodox conception of the resulting trust as a trust which crystallises at
the time the property is acquired. On this basis, we concluded (at [117]) that
the extent of the parties’ beneficial interests under a resulting trust must
be determined at the time the property is purchased because that is when the
trust arises. In line with this approach, we held in Lau Siew Kim that
subsequent mortgage payments may only be taken into account if there was a
prior agreement between the parties at the time the mortgage was obtained as
to who would repay the mortgage. If, however, there was no such agreement,
then subsequent mortgage payments would not count as direct contributions. In
short, the critical question is whether the parties were in agreement, at the
time of the acquisition of the property, as to what liability each party would
undertake in respect of the mortgage.

88 It has to be said, however, that the distinction between undertaking the
liability for the mortgage and actually making mortgage repayments did not
receive much attention in Lau Siew Kim. There we applied Curley v Parkes
[2004] EWCA Civ 1515 (“Curley v Parkes”) and on this basis, attributed half
the loan amount to each of the two parties because both of them had assumed
liability for the loan jointly (see Lau Siew Kim at [119] and [123]).

89 In our judgment, it is correct to analyse the position by reference to the
responsibility that is undertaken by each party for loan repayments at the
time the property is acquired. When a mortgage is taken out, the crucial
consideration are the parties’ intentions, at the time the property is
acquired, as to the ultimate source of the funds for purchase of that property
(see Lau Siew Kim at [116] and Bertei v Feher [2000] WASCA 165 at [44]).
Actual mortgage payments made at a later time would therefore only count as
direct contributions to the purchase price where these are referable to, and
in keeping with, a prior agreement between the parties as to who would be
liable to repay the loan. It is, as we have said earlier, the parties’
agreement at the time of acquisition that is critical.

90 Many factors are engaged in the determination of the precise agreement or
understanding between the parties as to who would repay the mortgage. The
focus should not lie exclusively on who took on liability for the mortgage as
against the bank. Often such liability will be joint because the bank would
like to have the widest choice of the parties against whom it can enforce the
liability under the mortgage. Rather, the question will turn on what the
operating agreement was between the co-owning parties at the time the loan was
taken out. In this regard, subsequent conduct may be relevant to the extent
that it sheds light on such an agreement (if any) between the co-owners. Thus,
in Chan Yuen Lan, despite the fact that liability for the loan fell on the
wife, the court found that the agreement between the parties was for the
husband to repay the loan and therefore the loan amount of $400,000 was
attributed to the husband as his direct contribution to the acquisition of the
property (at [81]–[87]).

91 In most cases, the context in which the loan was taken out would show what
the understanding between the parties was. For example, if a couple in a
spousal relation obtained a joint loan for purchase of a property as their
matrimonial home where both spouses are gainfully employed, it would usually
follow, in the absence of any other contrary indication, that the
understanding between them was that each would do their utmost to assist and
contribute to the cost of servicing the mortgage. If, on the other hand, only
one spouse is working at the time, then the inferred understanding will likely
be that the working spouse would be the one to pay off the loan. These
examples are merely illustrative of the importance of context in discerning
the understanding and agreement between the parties at the time the loan is
obtained. However, in a case where there is no evidence of what the operating
agreement was between the parties as to who would repay the mortgage, then
each party may be attributed a portion of the loan amount in accordance with
the liability assumed to the bank as was done in Curley v Parkes.

92 In contrast, actual repayments that are not referable to the parties’
agreement as to how they intend to service the mortgage should not be taken
into account for determining the ownership interest on a resulting trust
analysis because, as we have said, the interest under a resulting trust
crystallises at the time of purchase. If such subsequent payments were
computed as part of the parties’ contributions to the purchase price, it would
mean that the parties’ interests under the resulting trust are in a state of
flux, increasing or decreasing as the case may be when one party makes
repayment of the mortgage. In our judgment, this would be wrong in principle.

93 We have reviewed this point, even though it is not necessary for the
purpose of our decision, because of the arguments made by Priya which centred
on her actual repayments and also because of the prevalence of parties in
Singapore who purchase properties using bank loans secured by mortgages. In
the present case, the mortgage repayments could have been relevant for the
resulting trust analysis if there had been an agreement at the time of the
1995 mortgage that Priya alone would bear all the mortgage payments under the
1995 mortgage. This was never on the cards because Priya had not yet entered
the fray in 1995. As we have also explained, there is no room to apply the
resulting trust analysis when Priya acquired 49% of the Property in 2004 given
the express intentions with which the transaction was entered into, as set out
at [80]–[82] above.

Equitable accounting as a tool for retrospective adjustment

94 However, our holding above does not mean that the amounts paid by Priya
towards the repayment of the mortgage are irrelevant or that she has no remedy
in respect of these repayments. In our judgment, the facts of the present case
do engage the doctrine of equitable accounting. We raised this with the
parties at the hearing and as we have already noted, they then made further
submissions on this issue. We first consider the principles of equitable
accounting before turning to consider whether Priya is entitled to an account
in equity.

Principles of equitable accounting

95 Equitable accounting between co-owners of land finds its origins in the
Partition Acts of old (see [48] above). By the Partition Acts of 1868 and
1876, the English court was empowered to order a sale in lieu of partition. In
partition actions, the Courts of Chancery would often direct an inquiry into
the financial position as between co-owners at the time of sale and on this
basis make appropriate adjustments to the proceeds each party would receive
upon the sale depending on the circumstances (see Williams and Guthrie-Smith,
Daniell’s Chancery Practice (Steven and Sons, 8th Ed, 1914) at p 1186). It is
from this practice that equitable accounting between co-owners, as it is now
known, emerged. While it remains an exercise in accounting, equitable
accounting should not be understood as a rigid process. Indeed, it has been
described as a process where the court endeavours to do “broad justice or
equity as between co-owners” (at Byford v Butler [2003] EWHC 1267 (Ch) at
[40]).

96 In Snell’s Equity (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015)
(“Snell’s Equity”), equitable accounting between co-owners of land is said to
be “the process by which the financial burdens and benefits of land shared by
co-owners are adjusted between them” (at para 20–080). Classic statements of
this principle can be traced back to Leigh and another v Dickeson (1884) 15
QBD 60 (“Leigh v Dickeson”), where Cotton LJ said as follows in the context of
repairs made to property by one tenant in common (at 67):

…[I]n a suit for a partition it is usual to have an inquiry as to those
expenses of which nothing could be recovered so long as the parties enjoyed
their property in common; when it is desired to put an end to that state of
things, it is then necessary to consider what has been expended in
improvements or repairs: the property held in common has been increased in
value by the improvements and repairs; and whether the property is divided or
sold by the decree of the Court, one party cannot take the increase in value,
without making an allowance for what has been expended in order to obtain that
increased value; in fact, the execution of the repairs and improvements is
adopted and sanctioned by accepting the increased value. There is, therefore,
a mode by which money expended by one tenant in common for repairs can be
recovered, but the procedure is confined to suits for partition.

[emphasis added]

97 Equitable accounting has been applied in a variety of contexts to take
account of such things as mortgage repayments, improvements and repairs to the
property and rents and profits derived. In Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray,
Elements of Land Law (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009), it is observed
(at para 7.4.38) that the traditional rules of equitable accounting were
“detailed and complex” but have been overtaken in the UK by a jurisdiction
conferred on the court by the Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act
1996 (c 47) (UK) (“the 1996 UK Act”). Although the results yielded by either
process may not materially differ, it is equitable accounting, as it was
applied prior to the legislative changes in the UK, and in the specific
context of mortgage payments, that is the most relevant for our purposes. In
this regard, we also observe that the process of equitable accounting had been
consistently applied by the English courts to account for mortgage payments in
the context of cases involving a property dispute after a breakdown of a
relationship (see for example, Bernard v Josephs [1982] 1 Ch 391; In re Pavlou
(a Bankrupt) [1993] 1 WLR 1046 (“In re Pavlou”); Davis v Vale [1971] 2 All ER
1021; Leake (formerly Bruzzi) v Bruzzi [1974] 2 All ER 1196; Marsh v Von
Sternberg [1986] 1 FLR 526; In re Gorman (a Bankrupt) [1990] 1 WLR 616 (“In re
Gorman”)).

98 In Cowcher v Cowcher [1972] 1 WLR 425 (“Cowcher”), Bagnall J outlined the
following hypothetical to illustrate how equitable accounting would operate in
relation to mortgage payments (at 432–433):

Suppose land be conveyed to A for £24,000 B providing in cash £8,000 and A
raising on mortgage of the property the remaining £16,000; suppose A has paid
off £5,000 of the mortgage and B (though under no obligation) has paid off a
further £2,000 leaving £9,000 outstanding: finally, suppose the property to be
sold for £60,000. The shares under the resulting trust are one-third to B and
two-thirds to A; but A must account for the outstanding mortgage of £9,000 and
B is entitled to be reimbursed the £2,000 paid by him in part discharge of the
mortgage. Thus out of £60,000 realised £9,000 goes to the mortgagee, B takes
£22,000, his one-third share of £20,000 together with £2,000 paid off the
mortgage, and A takes £29,000, that is his two-thirds share of £40,000 less
£9,000 outstanding on the mortgage and £2,000 repayable to B. …

99 Bagnall J noted that this flows from the well-settled principle that he who
discharges another’s secured obligation is entitled to be repaid out of the
security the amount paid by him. In Muschinski v Dodds (1985) 62 ALR 429
(“Muschinski”), Gibbs CJ of the High Court of Australia considered the
application and basis of equitable accounting as follows (at 437–438):

What appears to have been overlooked in the proceedings up to, and including,
the argument in this court is the fact that the appellant and the respondent
were made by the contract jointly and severally liable to pay the price for
the purchase of the Picton land. They were under a common obligation to pay
the debt, and the case therefore fell within the general principle applicable
both in law and equity which obliged them to bear the burden equally with the
consequence that, if one discharged more than his or her proper share, he or
she could call upon the other for contribution. The principle is stated
succinctly in Chitty on Contracts (General Principles) 25th ed (1983), para
1213, as follows: “Joint and joint and several debtors have a quasi-
contractual right of contribution among themselves: that is to say, if one has
paid more than his share of the debt, he can recover the excess from the
others in equal shares, subject to any agreement to the contrary” …

[emphasis added]

100 Gibbs CJ in Muschinski and Bagnall J in Cowcher evidently viewed equitable
accounting as a remedy arising from the right of contribution which is an
incident of one discharging another’s obligation. However, this is not the
only basis proffered for equitable accounting. In In re Pavlou, Millett J (as
he then was) said (at 1048–1049):

On a partition suit or an order for sale adjustments could be made between the
co-owners, the guiding principle being that neither party could take the
benefit of an increase in the value of the property without making an
allowance for what had been expended by the other in order to obtain it … The
guiding principle of the Court of Equity is that the proportions in which the
entirety should be divided between former co-owners must have regard to any
increase in its value which has been brought about by means of expenditure by
one of them.

… The wife will be entitled, as against the trustee in bankruptcy, to credit
only for one half of the lesser of the actual expenditure and any increase in
the value realised thereby.

The same applies in my judgment to any capital element in the repayment of
mortgage instalments. The repayment of the capital element in each instalment
increases the value of the equity of redemption which inures to the benefit of
both joint tenants. Accordingly, the wife is entitled to credit for one half
of the increase in value of the equity of redemption which results from the
capital element of the mortgage payments…

[emphasis added]

101 Millett J saw equitable accounting as resting on the basis that a co-owner
should not take the benefit of an increase in the value of the property
without making an allowance for what had been expended by the other co-owner
(citing Leigh v Dickeson). In this context, mortgage payments can be seen as
improving the equity of redemption. Whether equitable accounting rests on the
right of contribution or on the principle of Leigh v Dickeson could have a
bearing on whether the court may order an account for the interest element in
mortgage repayments. It has been suggested in this regard that if equitable
accounting is justified on the basis of Leigh v Dickeson, then it does not
adequately account for the interest element of mortgage payments since these
payments do not directly enhance the equity of redemption (see Elizabeth
Cooke, “Equitable Accounting” [1995] CPL 391). On the other hand, if equitable
accounting was justified on the right of contribution, then mortgage payments
that go towards the capital element as well as the interest element should be
taken into account.

102 In our judgment, there is no reason to draw a distinction between mortgage
payments which go towards capital and those which go towards interest. It may
be noted that in In re Pavlou, Millett J thought that the wife was also
entitled to a contribution in respect of the interest element in the mortgage
(at 1050). In previous cases, courts have also allowed the recovery of the
interest element of mortgage payments but would often apply a set-off against
any occupation rent chargeable for sole occupation by the co-owner paying the
mortgage (Suttill v Graham [1977] 1 WLR 819 per Ormrod LJ at 824). As
explained by Vinelott J in In re Gorman (at 626), this practice was not a rule
of law but a rule of convenience. Vinelott J then continued (at 626–627):

Moreover, although the practice as recorded in Suttill v Graham [1977] 1
W.L.R. 819 is to set the interest element in mortgage instalments against a
notional occupation rent, leaving the party paying the mortgage instalments
free to charge a due proportion of any capital repayments against the share of
the other, I can see no reason why, if an account is taken, the party paying
the instalments should not be entitled to set a due proportion of the whole of
the instalments paid against the share of the other party. The mortgagee will
normally have a charge on the property for principal and interest and a right
to possession and sale to enforce his charge. The payment of instalments due
under the mortgage operates to relieve the property from the charge and gives
rise to an equitable right of contribution by the co-owner who has not paid
his due proportion of the instalments. I do not understand Stamp L.J., when he
referred in Suttill v. Graham to the fact that the attention of the court in
Cracknell v Cracknell [1971] P. 356 was not drawn to the distinction between
the payments of capital which do, and the payment of interest which does not
increase the value of the equity, to advance any contrary view. In the
subsequent decision of the Court of Appeal in Bernard v. Josephs [1982] Ch.
391 (where Suttill v. Graham [1977] 1 W.L.R. 819 however, was not cited), Lord
Denning M.R. clearly thought that an appropriate share of the actual
instalments paid should be brought into account.

103 We agree with this. No distinction should be drawn between payments of
capital and of interest because both these payments ultimately preserve or
enhance the equity of redemption and accordingly there will generally be a
right of contribution as between co-owners. This approach also takes into
account the reality of mortgage payments. It is generally the case that
amortisation schedules are such that a greater proportion of mortgage
repayments made at the beginning of the mortgage will be applied towards the
payment of interest while over time, more of the payment will go towards
capital repayment. If a distinction were drawn between payment of capital and
of interest, the party who makes repayments at the beginning may end up worse
off than a party who pays at a later stage. There is no justification in
principle for this if equitable accounting is meant to achieve broad justice
between co-owners.

104 We next consider if there are circumstances in which equitable accounting
may not be called in aid. In Muschinski, Gibbs CJ thought that a right to
equitable accounting may be excluded by express or implied agreement and also
that it would not apply if it would be contrary to the intentions of the
parties at the time when the joint obligation was undertaken. This stands to
reason because if the parties agree at the outset as to how the mortgage will
be repaid, then, as we have noted above, this will likely affect their
beneficial interest in the property and there would be usually no further need
to consider equitable accounting. A fortiori, when parties agree at the outset
that there should be no accounting between them even for mortgage payments in
excess of their respective shares, equitable accounting would not come into
play. Thus, as Jonathan Parker LJ observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of Wilcox v Tate [2006] EWCA Civ 1867 (though in the context of the
1996 UK Act), equitable accounting will be “fact sensitive” (at [64]).

105 In our judgment, the extent to which each party is expected to contribute
to mortgage repayments will largely depend on the common understanding or
agreement between the parties at the time the mortgage is taken out. As we
have noted above, this will usually affect the beneficial interests of the
parties. If there is a material departure from that common understanding, and
one party repays more of the mortgage than was initially envisaged, then
equitable accounting may be brought into play, unless it is shown that at the
time the mortgage repayments were made, the payor had the intention to benefit
the other co-owners. This follows from the fact that the basis underlying the
remedy of equitable accounting is a notional request to contribute so as to
restore the parties to what had been their common understanding at the time
the mortgage was taken out; but if the evidence is that the payor intended to
benefit the other co-owners, there would be no room for any such notional
request for contribution to be inferred. In these circumstances, equity will
not require a co-owner to contribute.

Whether Priya entitled to an account in equity

(1) Preliminary observations

106 Against that background, we turn to consider whether Priya has a right to
an account in equity. As a preliminary point, Su argues that Priya cannot
invoke any such right, because she did not argue the point. In the
Respondent’s Case, Priya only refers to equitable accounting in the context of
discussing Chan Yuen Lan. However, at the end of Priya’s written submissions,
she does seek repayment of all monies that were paid towards the discharge of
the second mortgage over the Property.

107 In our judgment, Su’s objection can be disposed of readily. As we have
noted, after we reserved judgment, we allowed the parties to make further
submissions specifically on the remedy of equitable accounting. Furthermore,
all the facts that are relevant to ascertain whether the remedy is available
are before us. We therefore find that there would be no prejudice occasioned
to Su if Priya is allowed to take the point.

(2) Application of the law to the facts

108 Having ascertained that the legal and beneficial interests of Su, Priya
and Philip in the Property are 50%, 49% and 1%, respectively, the first
question that arises is what the common understanding was between the parties
as to the repayment of the second mortgage at the time it was obtained.

109 The new loan was jointly taken out by all three parties, who knew that its
purpose was to redeem the 1995 mortgage. Priya also says that while she was
repaying the new loan, she understood that Philip would pay her back and
believed this would happen fairly soon. Priya claims that she assisted only as
a short-term measure because she expected that Philip would be able, by
recovering returns from some investments, to repay her promptly. She contends
that she never expected to bear the entire burden of the second mortgage on
her own. Philip largely confirms this. We are satisfied that while the hope
that Philip would somehow turn his situation around and come into enough funds
to repay promptly was, on hindsight, somewhat optimistic, Priya was not
looking at the prospect of purchasing an interest in the Property as a purely
commercial proposition. She was largely motivated by the desire to help her
brother at a time of need.

110 In our judgment, the understanding between all three parties was that both
Philip and Priya would attempt to pay off the second mortgage as soon as their
circumstances permitted it. As far as Su was concerned, as between her and
Philip, Philip would be responsible for the mortgage repayments. It is true
that Philip was unemployed at that time but this was not expected to continue
indefinitely (see [20] and [23] above). In any case, we find it impossible to
accept that the parties were proceeding on the basis that Philip would never
work again and hence that he and Su would make no contributions at all. The
fact that it worked out in this way for much of the period in question, with
the consequence that Priya ended up making most of the mortgage repayments,
does not necessarily mean that this was what was originally intended. It is
not believable that Priya agreed unconditionally to accept sole responsibility
for the second mortgage. In keeping with this, when Su initially agreed to
sell the Property at a price of $1.6m, she had no objections to Priya
recouping all her CPF monies spent on the Property before sharing rateably in
the surplus from the proceeds of sale in accordance with the parties’ legal
interests (see [30] above). This serves to demonstrate that Su too believed
that Priya was not to be solely responsible for the new loan. We thus hold
that the common understanding at the time of the new loan was that each party
would contribute according to their beneficial share in the Property, though
as between Philip and Su, Philip was to be responsible for making the
payments. As a concession to her brother, Priya agreed to meet all the
payments until Philip secured employment.

111 Su submits that the fact that Priya consistently paid the mortgage over a
period of more than six years from September 2004 to December 2010 without
making any effort to seek payment from her or Philip suggests that she
intended to benefit both of them. Further, Priya must have intended to benefit
Su as she knew all along that Su was not in a position to make the mortgage
repayments.

112 We disagree. From September 2004 to December 2010, Priya had been making
loan repayments from her CPF account. The monies that she used to repay the
bank were not coming out of her disposable income. In these circumstances, we
do not consider the fact that Priya did not demand repayment evidences any
intention on her part to benefit Su and Philip. Once Priya was no longer able
to make repayments from her CPF account in 2011, she repeatedly informed
Philip that she could no longer afford the repayments and sought alternative
arrangements (see [29] above). In these circumstances, Priya’s failure to
press Philip or Su for payment is, at best, equivocal.

113 We accept that Priya believed that Philip would be able, in due course, to
begin contributing to the mortgage repayments. This never happened. While
Priya’s belief can be said to be fanciful or even foolish (given the length of
time Philip remained unemployed), it does not translate to an intention on her
part to underwrite virtually the entirety of the mortgage repayments.
Moreover, the state of the relationship between Priya and Su, even at the time
Priya bought her interest in the Property, was not amicable, and we note
further that they have not been on speaking terms for more than a decade. In
these circumstances, it is implausible that Priya intended to benefit Su by
paying substantially the whole mortgage.

114 For these reasons we find that Priya is entitled to call in aid the
doctrine of equitable accounting.

115 Priya’s actual repayment of the mortgage was plainly at variance with
common understanding we have set out at [110] above. Priya paid a total of
$175,082.50 ($155,082.50 + $20,000) (see [22] above). The evidence also
reveals that Philip paid $8,977.88 and Su’s son paid $21,032.94 (see [24]
above). On the basis of our analysis as to what we consider the expectations
of the parties were at the time of the new loan, out of the total sum of
$205,093.32 paid towards the discharge of the mortgage, Priya ought to have
only paid $100,495.73 (49% of $205,093.32). Philip and Su, on the other hand,
ought to have paid $2,050.93 (1% of $205,093.32) and $102,546.66 (50% of
$205,093.32), respectively. Since it does not seem to be disputed that the
monies paid by Su and Philip’s son are to be attributed to them, Su can be
said to have paid a total of $27,959.89 (with Philip having paid his share of
$2,050.93 and the remainder attributed to Su). From this, it can readily be
seen that Priya paid more than 85% of the mortgage repayments and this was
plainly a material departure from the parties’ understanding at the time the
new loan was obtained.

116 In the circumstances, Priya is entitled to be reimbursed a sum of
$74,586.77 from Su’s proceeds of sale as reimbursement for the mortgage
payments made by Priya on Su’s behalf.

CPF charge for Philip’s contributions

117 The only issue that remains pertains to the consequential orders for the
sale, specifically in relation to the CPF charge. The Judge ordered that any
reimbursement into Philip’s CPF account is to be effected by Philip and Su. Su
raises concerns as to the possibility of her not getting any money back from
Philip. Even though they remain married, they are estranged and there is no
guarantee that Philip would apply the proceeds of sale that are paid into his
CPF account in favour of Su and the children in order to enable them to get a
new home.

118 In our judgment, the order made by the Judge should not be disturbed. The
proceeds are to be refunded to the CPF accounts in question. Su will have to
pursue her remedies against Philip separately if this is necessary. In any
event, Priya cannot be prejudiced by having these consequences visited upon
her.

119 Any reimbursement into Priya’s CPF account will come from her own share of
the proceeds of sale.

Conclusion

120 In conclusion, we allow the appeal in part. The Judge’s orders in relation
to the sale of the Property including the refunds into Philip’s CPF account
are to remain.

121 The Judge’s orders in relation to the beneficial interest of Priya in the
Property are set aside. Priya is only entitled to 49% of the Property, with Su
and Philip entitled to 50% and 1%, respectively. From the proceeds of sale of
the Property, Su is to account to Priya in the amount of $74,586.77 as
reimbursement for Priya’s payments on Su’s behalf towards the discharge of the
second mortgage over the Property.

122 As for costs, given the nature of the dispute we see no reason to visit
costs of the appeal on either party. We therefore make no order as to costs.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Chan Sek Keong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Senior Judge

Harish Kumar and Jeremy Gan Eng Tong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
appellant;  
Bhargavan Sujatha and R Dilip Kumar (Gavan Law Practice LLC) for the first
respondent;  
The second respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

