Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC of singapore

[2016] SGHC 25

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9087 of 2015

Between

Chong Han Rui  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing]—[Sentencing]—[Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chong Han Rui

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 25

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9087 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
8 October 2015; 27 November 2015

26 February 2016

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 Consistency in sentencing is a key principle in our criminal justice system.
This is rooted in the notion that all are equal before the law (Public
Prosecutor v Ng Sae Kiat and other appeals [2015] 5 SLR 167 (“Ng Sae Kiat”) at
[76], citing Green v R (2011) 283 ALR 1 at [30]). The principle of parity in
sentencing between co-offenders urges that sentences meted out to co-offenders
who are party to a common criminal enterprise should not be unduly disparate
from each other. To put it simply, those of similar culpability should receive
similar sentences, while those of greater culpability should generally be more
severely punished.

2 The present appeal concerned the application of the parity principle. The
Appellant, Chong Han Rui, had been sentenced to reformative training by the
District Judge (“the DJ”) for the offences which he had been charged with and
pleaded guilty to. He appealed the DJ’s decision, seeking probation instead.
The DJ’s decision can be found at Public Prosecutor v Chong Han Rui [2015]
SGDC 175 (“the GD”).

3 The appeal was first heard on 8 October 2015. The appeal was initially
resisted by the Respondent, the Public Prosecutor. Having heard the
submissions, I was particularly troubled that the Appellant’s co-accused, whom
I shall refer to as “B”, had been sentenced by a different judge to probation
even though he appeared to have a greater degree of culpability than the
Appellant. At the suggestion of the Appellant’s counsel, Mr Tan Jia Wei Justin
(“Mr Tan”), I adjourned the matter for a supplementary probation report to be
tendered so as to assess his suitability for probation. I also requested that
the parties tender further submissions on:

(a) the relevance to the present appeal of my judgment in Public Prosecutor v
Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2015] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz Koh”), which had not been released at
the date of the hearing but was subsequently issued on 26 October 2015, and in
which I had laid down certain sentencing guidelines in relation to youth
offenders who reoffended while on probation; and

(b) the relevance of the parity principle in the present circumstances.

4 On 18 November 2015, the Respondent wrote to the court, indicating that the
Public Prosecutor, having reconsidered the matter, would be submitting that
the Appellant should be sentenced to probation with similar conditions to
those imposed in B’s case. Having had the benefit of the supplementary
probation report and the additional submissions tendered by Mr Tan, coupled
with the Public Prosecutor’s reconsidered position, I allowed the appeal on 27
November 2015, and sentenced the Appellant to a term of 27 months split
probation (12 months intensive and 15 months supervised), subject to
conditions (which are set out at [53]–[54] below). I set out here the detailed
grounds for my decision including my observations on the application of the
parity principle to an offender in the context of a case such as the present.
I also touch on the duty of the Prosecution in such circumstances.

Facts leading to the Appellant’s sentence to reformative training

5 The Prosecution proceeded on two charges against the Appellant before the
DJ. DAC 929249 of 2014 was a charge under s 147 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed) (“the PC”) for rioting (“the Rioting Offence”). DAC 923500 of
2014 was a charge under ss 28(2)(a) and 28(3)(b)(i) of the Moneylenders’ Act
(Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the MLA”) read with s 34 of the PC (“the Harassment
Offence”). I will briefly review the details of each of these two offences.

The Rioting Offence

6 The Appellant was charged along with nine others in the Rioting Offence. His
accomplices included Teo Swee Xiong (“Teo”), See You Teck Wilson (“See”), and
B. They were all members of the “Hai Kim” Gang.

7 The victim in the Rioting Offence, whom I will refer to as “C”, was a
secondary school student at the material time. Investigations revealed that B
had learnt that a rival gang named “Pak Hai Tong”, which I will refer to as
“the PHT Gang”, was recruiting members from B’s school. B informed members of
the Hai Kim Gang that the PHT Gang was doing this with the intention to attack
them and take over their “territory”. B and his companions then decided to
confront the members of the PHT Gang.

8 At about 7am on 22 April 2013, Teo had a dispute with C, who was a member of
the PHT Gang. They challenged each other to a fight, which was to take place
later in the day. At about 3pm, the Hai Kim Gang gathered at a coffee shop in
Jurong East. B then led them to a nearby basketball court to confront C, who
was there with others from the PHT Gang.

9 As the Hai Kim Gang walked towards their opponents, Teo pulled out a hammer
and gestured in the direction of the PHT Gang. The Hai Kim Gang then charged
at their opponents, which led the latter to disperse. A chase ensued. C was
spotted by Teo, See, B, and one other member of the Hai Kim Gang, who together
chased him to a construction site where he was beaten up. A witness called the
police and the four attackers fled when the witness shouted at them.
Meanwhile, the Appellant chased one other member of the PHT Gang and had a
struggle with him, but the other party managed to escape.

10 C sustained a head injury with a laceration on his scalp and a right ring
finger tuft fracture. The Appellant was initially given a conditional warning
in lieu of prosecution for the Rioting Offence.

The Harassment Offence

11 Less than 18 months later, on 23 October 2014, the Appellant met three of
his friends, Ong Beng Yee (“Ong”), Lee Wei Jian (“Lee”), and B. They decided
to act together on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender named “Adrian” to
vandalise the dwelling of a debtor, whom I shall refer to as “H”.

12 The background to this sequence of events is as follows. Ong contacted B a
day before to inform him of the opportunity to carry out a job for Adrian. The
job was to harass H by splashing paint on the door of H’s home, locking the
gate to the unit and writing offending words on the wall. Ong was to receive
$200 from Adrian for harassing H in this manner. Ong, in turn, agreed to pay B
$100 for his assistance. B contacted Lee and the Appellant to inform them of
this. Lee and the Appellant agreed to participate, and they agreed that B’s
$100 share would be split equally among the three of them.

13 Ong drove to B’s house to pick B and the rest up before driving them to
purchase the supplies needed to harass H. They purchased a can of black paint
and two cans of red paint, a bicycle chain and lock, and an indelible red ink
marker. Ong paid for the items and drove the group to H’s unit. On the way to
the unit, their roles were apportioned as follows:

(a) Ong would wait in the carpark;

(b) Lee would lock the gate using the bicycle chain and lock;

(c) B would splash the black and red paint on the door and the gate of the
unit; and

(d) the Appellant would use the red marker and write the offending words on
the wall next to H’s unit and take photographs of the scene using his mobile
phone so that they could prove to Adrian that they had accomplished their
mission.

14 At about 1am, H heard noises outside her unit and discovered that her home
had been vandalised when she went out to check. There was red and black paint
splashed at her unit, her main gate had been locked with a bicycle padlock,
and the words “O$P$ ROMEO/ADRIAN #05-445” were written with a red marker on
the wall next to her unit. She called the police, who later arrested all the
culprits. Upon investigation, it was discovered that after committing the
Harassment Offence, the offenders had gone to have supper together. On their
way to supper, the Appellant sent photographs of the harassed unit to Ong, who
then forwarded them to Adrian. The cans of paint and the marker were disposed
of. Ong gave B $50, and promised to pay the remainder subsequently. Of this, a
sum of $16 was given to the Appellant, while Lee did not receive anything.

15 The Appellant was thereafter charged for both the Rioting Offence and the
Harassment Offence.

16 From this brief narrative, the relative roles of B and the Appellant in
each of these incidents may be noted as follows:

(a) In relation to the Rioting Offence:

(i) B had instigated the confrontation by telling members of the Hai Kim Gang
that the PHT Gang was seeking to attack them and take over their territory;

(ii) B had led the Hai Kim Gang to the basketball court to confront C;

(iii) B had been part of the gang that attacked C causing him the injuries
outlined at [10] above. The Appellant was not part of the group that attacked
C; and

(iv) the Appellant had chased another member of the PHT group and had a
physical struggle but it appears no injuries were sustained as a result.

(b) In relation to the Harassment Offence:

(i) Ong had contacted B and asked him to act as his assistant. It was B who
then extended this offer to the Appellant and the others. Consistent with
this, B was to receive $100 as Ong’s assistant and B would then divide his
share with the Appellant and Lee; and

(ii) the actual roles played by B and the Appellant in the commission of
Harassment Offence were not dissimilar. But consistent with the observation in
the preceding sub-paragraph, Ong paid B the sum of $50 who then paid the
Appellant the sum of $16.

The DJ’s decision

17 Before sentencing the Appellant, the DJ called for both reformative
training and probation reports to be furnished (the GD at [7]). The probation
report recommended a total probation term of 27 months split probation (six
months intensive and 21 months supervised) with various other conditions. A
period of electronic tagging was also recommended. The reformative training
report indicated that the Appellant was suitable for reformative training.

18 The sentencing hearing for the Appellant came before the DJ on 3 June 2015.
The Prosecution submitted that in the light of the serious offences committed
by the Appellant, a term of reformative training would be appropriate. The
Prosecution also highlighted that the Appellant lacked strong family support
and had not displayed a true change in character. The Prosecution did not,
however, make available any information in relation to B’s sentence at the
hearing before the DJ. B had already been sentenced to probation before a
different district judge on 20 May 2015, about two weeks before the
Appellant’s sentencing hearing.

19 Having the benefit of both reports and in the light of the position taken
by the Prosecution, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to reformative training as
he viewed that it would be “the most appropriate sentencing option for his
rehabilitation” (the GD at [40]). He took this view because he considered
that:

(a) Probation was usually inappropriate for serious offences such as robbery,
rioting or other violent crimes. Where such offences had been committed,
probation would only be granted exceptionally if there were favourable
circumstances such as demonstrable prospects for rehabilitation. In such
exceptional circumstances, deterrence may not remain the key consideration
(the GD at [26]–[27]).

(b) The Rioting Offence involved gang violence. Moreover, a weapon had been
used to inflict injuries on C. While there was little, if any, evidence that
the Appellant knew that a weapon had been brought along by Teo, he did not
distance himself from the violence that ensued. Indeed, he himself chased one
of the PHT Gang members and got into a physical fight. These facts were
considered to be sufficient to exclude probation for the Appellant (the GD at
[28]–[33]).

(c) While the Appellant’s parents had taken steps to bring about some changes
in his circumstances, these were not thought to be extraordinary. Moreover,
they had admitted that their parenting had been lax in the earlier years of
the Appellant’s life. It was thus unclear how successful the changes would be
(the GD at [35]).

(d) There was nothing exceptional about the Appellant’s surrounding
circumstances or the degree of remorse shown. He did regularly attend school
and the Enhanced Streetwise Programme (“ESWP”), which he had been enrolled in
after committing the Rioting Offence. The ESWP lasted six months and consisted
of 51 sessions of family sessions, individual counselling sessions, group work
and other enrichment activities. While he stopped keeping late nights during
the duration of the programme, he resumed his previous habits thereafter. His
reoffending by committing the Harassment Offence on 23 October 2014 barely 18
months after he committed the Rioting Offence on 22 April 2013 also showed
that he was undeterred and unrepentant (the GD at [36]).

(e) The Appellant had refused to heed his father’s advice to break away from
the negative influence of the Hai Kim Gang (GD at [37]).

The issue on appeal

20 The sole issue before me was whether the DJ erred in sentencing the
Appellant to reformative training instead of placing him on probation.

Preliminary Observations

21 Appellate intervention in criminal sentences will only be warranted if the
DJ had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual matrix for sentencing,
or had erred in appreciating the material before him, or had erred in
principle in making the sentence, or had imposed a sentence which was found to
be manifestly excessive or inadequate (Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at [14]).

22 It is also well established that rehabilitation is the primary sentencing
consideration in sentencing young offenders because they are in their
formative years and this makes for a higher chance of reform (Public
Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wen Maurice [1998] 3 SLR(R) 439 at [21]). This, though,
must be balanced against the need for deterrence. In Boaz Koh, I summarised
the position as follows at [28]–[30]:

General principles for sentencing youthful offenders

28 It is well established that when a court sentences a youthful offender, it
approaches the task in two distinct but related stages (Public Prosecutor v
Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 (“PP v Al-Ansari”) at
[77]–[78]). At the first stage of the sentencing process, the task for the
court is to identify and prioritise the primary sentencing considerations
appropriate to the youth in question having regard to all the circumstances
including those of the offence. This will then set the parameters for the
second stage of the inquiry, which is to select the appropriate sentence that
would best meet those sentencing considerations and the priority that the
sentencing judge has placed upon the relevant ones.

Identification of the sentencing considerations

29 In respect of the first stage, the primary sentencing consideration for
youthful offenders will generally be rehabilitation. …

30 But rehabilitation is neither singular nor unyielding. The focus on
rehabilitation can be diminished or even eclipsed by such considerations as
deterrence or retribution where the circumstances warrant. Broadly speaking,
this happens in cases where (a) the offence is serious, (b) the harm caused is
severe, (c) the offender is hardened and recalcitrant, or (d) the conditions
do not exist to make rehabilitative sentencing options such as probation or
reformative training viable.

23 It further bears emphasis that while a young offender’s ability to respond
positively to rehabilitative efforts is an important consideration in
sentencing, it is not the law that all first-time young offenders will be
placed on probation simply because they are likely to respond positively to
rehabilitation through community-based programmes (Public Prosecutor v
Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449 at [2]).

24 Where the case involves a co-accused who has been sentenced for offences
arising out of the very same criminal enterprise, it will be especially
relevant to have regard to the parity principle. This featured substantially
in this case. I therefore begin with an examination of the legal proceedings
involving B, before moving on to assess his culpability relative to the
Appellant’s, and then to consider the adequacy of the sentence imposed on the
Appellant in all the circumstances.

The legal proceedings involving B

The background

25 It will be noted that B, like the Appellant, was involved in the Rioting
Offence. Unlike the Appellant, who received a conditional warning, B was
charged for the Rioting Offence and was placed on probation for two years,
starting January 2014.

26 Soon after he started probation, B started to receive oral warnings from
his Probation Officer. He was warned for underage smoking in February 2014 and
breaches of time restrictions in May 2014. He subsequently received a Court
Warning for his poor progress in community service at Jurong Bird Park where
he had been terminated for missing an influenza vaccination.

27 He was even arrested by the police on 14 September 2014 after he became
embroiled in a fight. He subsequently missed two sessions of community service
in September 2014 and continued breaching time restrictions in October and
November 2014. On 27 October 2014, he failed to report to his Probation
Officer claiming he overslept.

28 He was again arrested on 28 October 2014, this time in relation to the
Harassment Offence that the Appellant was also involved in on 23 October 2014.
He was held in remand for five days to assist in investigations before being
released on bail. He was charged on 29 October 2014 under ss 28(1)(b) and
28(3)(b)(i) of the MLA read with s 34 of the PC for committing harassment on
behalf of an unlicensed moneylender.

29 On 17 November 2014, the Probation Officer initiated breach of probation
proceedings against him due to his overall poor behaviour. Pursuant to this,
B’s probation order was amended on 30 December 2014 to include 12 months’
residence in the Singapore Boys’ Hostel (“SBH”) from 30 December 2014 to 29
December 2015.

30 Meanwhile, on 2 December 2014, an additional charge was preferred against
B. This was in relation to the fight he was involved in on 14 September 2014
(see [27] above). B was charged under s 323 of the PC for voluntarily causing
hurt to the Appellant (“the VCH Offence”). B had punched the Appellant on the
left cheek after a dispute between them escalated into a fist fight. He thus
faced two charges when he went before the court on this occasion, one for the
VCH Offence and another for the Harassment Offence. At the hearing on 2
December 2014, the Prosecution informed the court that it would only proceed
on the charge in relation the Harassment Offence. The charge for the VCH
Offence was to be taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. B
confirmed that he wished to plead guilty. The court adjourned the matter to a
date to be fixed and bail was extended.

The 23 January 2015 hearing

31 B pleaded guilty to and was convicted of the Harassment Offence on 23
January 2015.

32 At the sentencing mention, B’s counsel submitted that B should be placed on
probation. The Prosecution chose not to address the court on sentence at the
hearing. The sentencing judge adjourned sentencing to a later date pending the
submission of reformative training and probation reports.

The 16 February 2015 hearing

33 The next hearing took place on 16 February 2015. At this hearing, the
sentencing judge was informed by B’s counsel that probation was still being
sought. The Prosecution, having not submitted on sentence at the previous
hearing, now took the position that while there were serious aggravating
factors, it would not object to probation.

34 Both the reformative training report and the probation report were
available at the 16 February 2015 hearing. It is not necessary to set out the
reformative training report in detail. What is material is that B was thought
to be suitable for reformative training. As for the probation report, it
detailed all of B’s indiscretions while on probation (described above at
[25]–[30]).

35 The probation report noted that B’s community service progress was
inconsistent, and B’s attitude towards community service had deteriorated
since June 2014. It noted that while B mentioned that he was no longer a gang
member, he continued to associate with gang members. B’s risk of reoffending
was assessed to be high, and his reoffending and repeated infringements were
also thought to indicate poor problem-solving skills and disregard for the
law. The probation report concluded, however, that with closer supervision and
guidance, B had the potential for change. It was recommended that B undergo 24
months split probation, with various conditions.

36 The basis for the optimism reflected in the probation report was not
entirely clear to me. In any case, the sentencing judge decided that he would
defer sentencing and assess whether there was progress in three months. The
judge called for a supplementary probation report on B’s progress in the SBH,
where he had remained following the breach action, so that his commitment to
probation and the likelihood of his adherence to the conditions could be re-
assessed. A similar course had been pursued in Boaz Koh and I had cautioned
against this in that case: see Boaz Koh at [66]–[67].

The 20 May 2015 hearing

37 A supplementary progress report was tendered to the court on 20 May 2015 as
previously ordered. It reported that B’s progress was stable, and the period
of remand had impacted him positively. He was released from remand on 10 March
2015 and was observed to have maintained his good behaviour thereafter. He had
reflected on his mistakes during the time at SBH, and was engaged in work. He
was also willing to be assessed by the Child Guidance Clinic for treatment.
The supplementary probation report thus recommended that B be placed on 24
months split probation (14 months intensive, ten months supervised) with
conditions. B was accordingly placed on split probation for 24 months (14
months intensive and 10 months supervised) with the conditions that he was to:

(a) remain indoors from 8pm to 6am unless variations were made by the
Probation Services Branch according to court-approved guidelines;

(b) perform 180 hours of community service;

(c) undergo psychiatric treatment and comply with any directions made
including the taking of prescribed medication;

(d) reside in the SBH from the date of the order until 29 December 2015;

(e) be electronically tagged for six months upon discharge from the SBH; and

(f) undergo a further review before the Progress Accountability Court.

B was a more culpable offender than the Appellant

38 Having regard to the foregoing narrative, including the summary at [16]
above, I considered that B was clearly a more culpable offender than the
Appellant for several reasons. First, B was the instigator, while the
Appellant was essentially a follower. Two facts in particular attested to
this: (a) B was the one who roped the Appellant in to commit the acts leading
to the Harassment Offence; and (b) B was also the one who learnt about the PHT
Gang allegedly recruiting members in Hai Kim Gang’s “territory”, and then
incited the other Hai Kim Gang members to confront their opponents. It was
this that led to the Appellant being involved in the Rioting Offence.

39 Aside from this, B had been prosecuted and was granted probation for the
Rioting Offence, while the Appellant had received a conditional warning in
lieu of prosecution. In the aftermath of this, B should have realised that he
needed to keep away from bad company and should have made a genuine attempt to
mend his ways. He did not. Instead, he repeatedly breached his probation
conditions and this eventually culminated in his Probation Officer commencing
breach of probation proceedings against him, resulting in his probation order
being altered to include 12 months’ residence at SBH and an extension of the
entire probation period by six months. B also reoffended during the period of
his probation, and this led to him being charged with the Harassment Offence.
In contrast, the Appellant was administered a conditional warning in lieu of
prosecution for his involvement in the Rioting Offence. In these
circumstances, B’s conduct was clearly more egregious in that he reoffended
after having already been prosecuted in a court of law for an earlier offence.

40 In addition, B’s poor attitude towards community service and his repeated
breaches of the probation conditions in the period leading to his commission
of the Harassment Offence while on probation demanded greater emphasis on
deterrence within an overarching focus on rehabilitation. There was little
evidence of genuine remorse or effort to change on his part. In contrast, the
Appellant did not manifest, to the same degree, a disregard for the law.  

41 In all the circumstances, it was clear to me that B was the more culpable
offender.

Should the principle of parity operate in the circumstances?

42 An offender who has a more culpable role in a criminal enterprise should be
dealt with more severely than an accomplice who played a lesser role (Public
Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007] 2 SLR(R) 334 at
[44]).

43 In my judgment, in the present circumstances, the principle of parity
demanded that the Appellant should not be punished more severely than B.
However, as I have noted (see [18] above and [45] below), information as to
how B had been dealt with was not made known to the DJ at the time of the
Appellant’s sentencing.

44 I digress here to make two salient observations. First, when co-offenders
are being sentenced, it is ideal for all of them to be sentenced together
before the same judge. But, moving to my second observation, if for some
reason this is not possible or convenient, the Prosecution should then make it
a point to tender to the sentencing court all relevant material pertaining to
any sentences that have already been meted out to any co-offenders. This much
was also noted by Chao Hick Tin JA in Lim Bee Ngan Karen v Public Prosecutor
[2015] 4 SLR 1120 (“Karen Lim”) (at [56]–[58]).

45 In the case before me, the DJ did not have the relevant material pertaining
to B’s sentence. The GD makes no mention that B’s sentence was considered by
the DJ when the Appellant was being sentenced. The DJ’s minutes also show no
indication that the DJ was informed of B’s sentence. In these circumstances, I
asked the Prosecution to provide me with the charge sheets, the statement of
facts, the submissions made on sentence, the mitigation plea, the minutes of
the sentencing hearings at the State Courts, the probation or reformative
training reports, and any other material which was relevant to B’s case.

46 Shortland v The Queen [2013] NSWCCA 4 is a case which illustrates the
consequences of not furnishing relevant details of the co-accused’s sentence
to the later sentencing judge. There, the New South Wales Court of Criminal
Appeal allowed an offender’s appeal against his sentence on the basis that the
sentences of his co-offenders, which were far lighter than his, had not been
considered by the sentencing judge (at [116]–[117]). Similarly, in Karen Lim,
the accused’s appeal was allowed on the basis that the sentencing judge did
not have sight of the relevant material leading to the sentences imposed on
the appellant’s two co-accused persons who had earlier been sentenced by a
different judge.

47 The crucial consideration in considering the application of the parity
principle is not whether the accused feels aggrieved that a co-accused person
has been treated more leniently, but whether the public, with knowledge of the
various sentences, would perceive that the appellant had suffered injustice
(Kow Keng Siong, Sentencing Principles in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2009)
(“Sentencing Principles in Singapore”), citing R v Lowe, The Times (14
November 1989) at para 13.019). In my judgment, it is useful to understand
that the parity principle ultimately rests on the need to preserve and protect
public confidence in the administration of justice. Public confidence in this
context demands that sentencing is carried out with due regard to the element
of basic fairness. Where this is not the case, and where co-offenders in a
common criminal enterprise are sentenced in an unduly disparate manner, the
sentences would then seem to be arbitrarily imposed and this raises
fundamental rule of law concerns. In this context, Yong Pung How CJ noted in
Public Prosecutor v Ramlee and another action [1998] 3 SLR(R) 95 (“Ramlee”)
that (at [7]):

… An offender who has received a sentence that is significantly more severe
than has been imposed on his accomplice, and there being no reason for the
differentiation, is a ground of appeal if the disparity is serious. This is
even where the sentences viewed in isolation are not considered manifestly
excessive: see R v Walsh (1980) 2 Cr App R (S) 224. In R v Fawcett (1983) 5 Cr
App R (S) 158, Lawton LJ held that the test was whether “right thinking
members of the public, with full knowledge of the relevant facts and
circumstances, learning of this sentence consider that something had gone
wrong in the administration of justice?” …

[emphasis added]

48 A related point was emphasised in Public Prosecutor v McCrea Michael [2006]
3 SLR(R) 677 where Choo Han Teck J held that (at [17]):

… When accomplices are t[r]ied or sentenced in separate proceedings, the
courts might be influenced differently by the cases as presented to them and
thus mete out sentences that differ. If the sentences are not glaringly
disparate, then the difference is from discretion. If the difference is great
but reasonably explained, then the fact that the sentences differ would not be
remarkable. …

49 Whether or not the applicant’s grievance that the sentences are
inexplicably disparate is legitimate or justified is a matter to be judged
objectively from the stance of a reasonable mind looking at all the
circumstances (Ng v The Queen (2011) 214 A Crim R 191 (“Ng v The Queen”) at
[81]). More recently, the parity principle was discussed in two Singapore High
Court decisions. Ng Sae Kiat was a decision of a three-judge bench of this
court. It followed the holding in Ramlee (at [7]) that when two or more
offenders who were party to the same offence were sentenced, the sentences
passed should be similar, unless there was a relevant difference in their
responsibility for the offence or in their personal circumstances (Ng Sae Kiat
at [74]). Chao JA elaborated on the application of the parity principle as
follows (at [75]–[78]):

(a) The substance of the parity principle was the rule of equality before the
law, and its application should be governed by substance rather than form.

(b) The parity principle would apply between participants in a “common
criminal enterprise”.

Chao JA also held that despite this, the court retained the discretion to
enhance a sentence which it considered manifestly inadequate notwithstanding
the parity principle, because in the final analysis, the circumstances of each
case were paramount.

50 Ng Sae Kiat and Karen Lim illustrate the point that the parity principle
can and should operate in favour of accused persons if the sentences imposed
on them relative to their co-accused persons are sufficiently disparate that
it undermines confidence in the administration of justice.

51 In my judgment, the Appellant was less culpable than B, and yet received a
sentence which was more onerous than that meted out to B. This resulted in
such a disparity in sentencing between the Appellant and B, which I considered
would lead the reasonable man to conclude that the Appellant had suffered an
injustice. It thus followed that the principle of parity should operate in the
Appellant’s favour, and he should be granted a sentence of probation on
conditions similar to those imposed on B. Finally, I was satisfied that the
proposed sentence would not fall foul of the limitation to the applicability
of the parity principle found in Ng v The Queen, where the New South Wales
Court of Criminal Appeal held that the “court will not necessarily intervene
where the co-offender’s sentence is so inadequate that the court should not
take it into account” [emphasis added] (at [82]). This was also alluded to by
Chao JA in Karen Lim (at [41]).

52 I emphasise however that the parity principle is not to be applied in a
rigid and inflexible manner. Rather, it is an important aid to the sentencing
court to ensure that sentencing of co-offenders is done in a manner that is
broadly consistent and fair. But ultimately, what is consistent and fair
depends on the facts of the case at hand. Thus, in Public Prosecutor v Marzuki
bin Ahmad and another appeal [2014] 4 SLR 623, I declined to apply the
principle of parity as between the giver and the receiver in a corruption
case, highlighting that the parity principle must yield to the particular
circumstances presented (see at [45]). Similarly, I make the point here that
it is not the law that every co-offender in a common criminal enterprise must
be identically charged or sentenced. Rather, the court will have to consider
all the circumstances of each case before arriving at the appropriate
sentence. The difficulty with the present case is that it was evident upon
considering all the circumstances, that the Appellant had received a sentence
which was unduly disparate from B’s sentence, thus offending the parity
principle.

Conclusion

53 In the circumstances, I allowed the appeal, and sentenced the Appellant to
probation for 27 months (12 months intensive and 15 months supervised).
Additionally, the following conditions were imposed:

(a) the Appellant was to remain indoors from 9pm to 6am;

(b) the Appellant was to reside in the SBH for a period of 12 months;

(c) the Appellant was to be placed on the electronic monitoring system for a
period of six months upon discharge from the SBH;

(d) the Appellant was to perform 180 hours of community service;

(e) the Appellant was to undergo a drug treatment programme at NAMS or any
other equivalent programme;

(f) the Appellant was to undergo urine tests; and

(g) the Appellant’s parents were to be bonded in the sum of $5,000 to ensure
his good behaviour.

54 I also directed that the Appellant’s case was to be reviewed in the
Progress Accountability Court within three months and at such suitable
intervals as the court might decide thereafter.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Tan Jia Wei Justin (Trident Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Tan Wen Hsien and Quek Jing Feng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

