Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 12

Civil Appeal No 129 of 2015

Between

| NAVA BHARAT (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| (1) STRAITS LAW PRACTICE LLC(2) M RAJARAM  
---|---  
  
… Respondents

Civil Appeal No 133 of 2015

Between

| (1) STRAITS LAW PRACTICE LLC(2) M RAJARAM  
---|---  
  
… Appellants

And

| NAVA BHARAT (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

eX-TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Tort]—[Negligence] — [Professional Negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nava Bharat (Singapore) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Straits Law Practice LLC and another and another appeal

[2016] SGCA 12

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal Nos 129 and 133 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Steven Chong J  
22 February 2016

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 Civil Appeal No 129 of 2015 (“CA 129/2015”) and Civil Appeal No 133 of 2015
(“CA 133/2015”) arise from a professional negligence suit brought by the
plaintiff, Nava Bharat (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”), against the
defendant solicitors, Straits Law Practice LLC and its senior director, M
Rajaram (“the defendants”). Following a trial that lasted more than 40 days,
the Judge delivered a 327 page judgment, dismissing the plaintiff’s claim. The
decision of the High Court is published as Nava Bharat (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Straits Law Practice LLC and another and another suit [2015] SGHC 146.

2 The Judge was presented with a wide array of issues, but in the appeals
before us, only a single issue remains, and on that issue, both parties have
appealed. The sole issue in question pertains to an oral undertaking that was
furnished on 19 December 2008. The context of the undertaking may be stated
briefly. The defendants were engaged as the plaintiff’s solicitors in a
transaction concerning the plaintiff’s acquisition of an interest in a coal
mine in Indonesia. In the course of negotiating and finalising the deal, an
issue arose in respect of a lend-use permit that had to be obtained from the
Indonesian Ministry of Forestry before mining could commence (“the Forestry
Licence”). The plaintiff’s Indonesian counsel made it clear that the Forestry
Licence was an essential prerequisite to the deal. The counterparty to the
transaction, one Mr Dicky Tan, maintained that no licence was required and in
fact that he was and had already been mining coal without such a licence. This
came to a head at a meeting on 19 December 2008. Faced with an impasse, and
the prospect of the deal being scuppered, Mr Dicky Tan orally undertook to
obtain the Forestry Licence, if this should prove necessary.

3 It was undisputed that at the meeting on 19 December 2008, Mr Ashwin
Devineni, the plaintiff’s main representative, was aware that his Indonesian
counsel and business team had advised that a Forestry Licence would be
necessary if the deal was to proceed. Shortly after the meeting, as Mr Rajaram
testified, he reminded Mr Devineni that without the Forestry Licence, the
plaintiff could not proceed with the deal. We are therefore satisfied that as
matters stood, as far as the plaintiff was concerned, the deal could and would
only go forward if the Forestry Licence was in fact procured. A few days
later, on 23 December 2008, in correspondence exchanged between Mr Rajaram and
Mr Dicky Tan’s lawyers, it was acknowledged in writing by the latter that Mr
Dicky Tan was to apply for and obtain the Forestry Licence from the relevant
government department in Indonesia, if this was found to be necessary.

4 As things transpired, the parties went forward with the transaction on that
basis. Initial completion of the transaction took place on 22 and 28 January
2009. Pursuant to the terms in the initial completion documents, on 28 January
2009, the plaintiff released a loan of US$3m to Mr Dicky Tan. Indeed, before
us, it is this payment of US$3m that lies at the heart of the plaintiff’s
complaint.

5 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Francis Xavier, SC, contended that prior to
the plaintiff proceeding with initial completion and committing further sums
of money, Mr Rajaram ought to have properly advised Mr Devineni on certain
specific matters arising directly out of the oral undertaking. Specifically,
it was said that Mr Rajaram should have obtained advice from the Indonesian
lawyers primarily on the question of whether and how it would be possible to
take proceedings in Indonesia to enforce the oral undertaking.

6 Although the transaction was one that transcended borders, notably, those of
Singapore and Indonesia, we are satisfied that Mr Rajaram was the solicitor
with overall carriage and charge of the matter. We emphasise, however, that
notwithstanding this observation, the precise duties that befall solicitors
are always intensely fact sensitive. In this case, we accept in principle that
a lead solicitor for a cross border commercial transaction in Mr Rajaram’s
position may have a duty to consider issues such as whether the oral
undertaking is enforceable or not, and how it would be enforced as a practical
matter. Even if he was not in a position to personally give advice on
Indonesian law, he may well be under a duty to ensure that his client has been
properly advised by the foreign counsel working on the transaction.

7 Having said that, with great respect to the Judge, we cannot agree with the
finding that Mr Rajaram had breached his duty to advise on the legal
implications of proceeding with the transaction based on Mr Dicky Tan’s oral
undertaking to obtain the Forestry Licence. We make a few observations in this
regard.

8 First, to say that Mr Rajaram had breached his duty to advise on the legal
implications of proceeding with the Transaction on the basis of the oral
undertaking is in our judgment much too broad and general. Greater specificity
as to what the Judge found Mr Rajaram should have advised on is needed. For
instance, the evidence shows that Mr Rajaram had taken the step of having the
oral undertaking recorded in writing. Therefore, one implication of proceeding
on an oral undertaking, namely, that a dispute on its existence or terms might
ensue, had been dealt with. Moreover, Mr Rajaram had told Mr Ashwin after the
meeting that if the undertaking were not carried out, the transaction would
fail. The short point we make here is that it was necessary to frame the
precise duty that Mr Rajaram was said to be required to discharge before
attention could be directed at whether he did or did not discharge such a
duty. It was possible to frame the relevant duty in such specific terms, for
instance, as we have done at [5] above; namely that in the present
circumstances, Mr Rajaram should have obtained advice from the Indonesian
lawyers primarily on the question of whether and how it would be possible to
take proceedings in Indonesia to enforce the oral undertaking.

9 But this leads us to the second point. The case that was run by the
plaintiff at the trial below was that no oral undertaking had been given at
the meeting on 19 December 2008. We digress to observe that this seems odd to
us because the substance of the oral undertaking was clearly mentioned in a
document sent by Mr Rajaram’s firm to Mr Dicky Tan’s solicitors dated 23
December 2008 regarding the state of legal due diligence, and was confirmed by
Mr Dicky Tan’s solicitor in the same document (see [3] above). But in any
case, the Judge found against the plaintiff on this issue and the plaintiff
now accepts that such an undertaking was given at the meeting.

10 However, because the heart of the battle on this issue in the court below
centred on whether the undertaking had been given at all, rather than on what
specific steps Mr Rajaram ought to have taken when faced with such an
undertaking, the case that Mr Xavier put before us, namely that Mr Rajaram
ought to have addressed his mind to and then advised Mr Devineni on the
specific issues arising from the undertaking as we have articulated above, was
not squarely put to Mr Rajaram in the proceedings below. This meant that the
precise nature of the duty that Mr Rajaram was said to be under, and
consequently, the precise communications that did or did not take place
between Mr Rajaram and his Indonesian counterparts in discharging any such
duty with respect of the oral undertaking, were not explored in any meaningful
way at trial. In these circumstances, we consider that it would not have been
open to the Judge, even if he had framed the duty more specifically, to make a
finding that Mr Rajaram had breached his duty to advise on the oral
undertaking in the manner and to the extent we have outlined above. Nor,
obviously, is it open to us to do so. For these reasons, we allow the
defendants’ appeal in CA 133/2015.

11 This is also sufficient to dispose of CA 129/2015, but we would make a
further point. The claim being pursued today is for the recovery of the loan
of US$3m that was released to Mr Dicky Tan on 28 January 2009 (see [4] above).
This loan, however, was secured by a share pledge agreement which was entered
into for the precise purpose of giving the plaintiff a pledge or charge over
Mr Dicky Tan’s shares in the Indonesian company owning the mine. There is no
suggestion before us that the plaintiff’s interests were not adequately looked
after by the defendants in relation to the entering into the share pledge
agreement. That was not the case the plaintiff ran either in the court below,
or before us.

12 We agree with the Judge’s observation that at all material times, the
plaintiff was keen to proceed with the deal. When it was time to make the
payment of US$3m before the deal was finally completed, the plaintiff was
willing to do so, on the basis of the security interest which it thought it
had acquired under the share pledge agreement. In our judgment, this
diminishes any causative force that any alleged breach of duty in relation to
the oral undertaking might have had in relation to the plaintiff’s losses.
Based on the evidence before us, we are satisfied that the plaintiff agreed to
make the loan and to release the sum of US$3m because it considered that it
had adequate security for that loan in the share pledge agreement.

13 For these reasons as well, we dismiss the plaintiff’s appeal in CA
129/2015. The defendants are to have one set of costs of the appeal to be
taxed, if not agreed.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Francis Xavier, SC, Ang Tze Phern and Alina Chia (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
(instructed counsel), Liew Teck Huat, and Jason Yeo (Global Law Alliance LLC)
for the appellant in CA 129/2015 and the respondent in CA 133/2015; and  
Cavinder Bull, SC, Chia Voon Jiet, Darryl Ho and Yeo Wen An Jeremy (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the respondents in CA 129/2015 and the appellants in CA
133/2015.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

