Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 193

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9202 of 2015

Between

| Karthigeyan M Kailasam  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of Decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Karthigeyan M Kailasam

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 193

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9202 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
6 May, 17 August 2016

13 September 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 The central issue that arose in this appeal against sentence was the extent
to which s 301 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC
2012”) permits the court to bypass the general rule that a court is functus
officio once sentence has been passed. This necessitated consideration of the
ambit of an “error” within the meaning of s 301 of the CPC 2012.

Background

2 The appellant had pleaded guilty to and was convicted by a District Judge on
23 October 2015 in respect of four charges under s 175A of the Casino Control
Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“CCA”). With the appellant’s consent, another 146
charges under s 13(2)(b) of the National Registration Act (Cap 201, 1992 Rev
Ed) and 134 charges under s 175A of the CCA were taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentence.

3 Before the District Judge, the prosecution submitted that fines of at least
$3,000 for each proceeded charge would be appropriate. The appellant, who was
represented, asked for the “minimum fine” to be imposed. The District Judge
imposed a fine of $3,000 (in default three weeks’ imprisonment) per proceeded
charge, bringing the total sentence to $12,000 fine (in default 12 weeks’
imprisonment). The fines were paid in full.

4 The case was scheduled for a further mention on 26 October 2015 on account
of the prosecution having brought an application under s 301 of the CPC 2012
seeking a “correction” of the District Judge’s sentence. This was a Monday,
the next working day after 23 October 2015 when the appellant was sentenced.
The application was made on the basis that the District Judge ought to have
considered the appellant to be a potential candidate for a Mandatory Treatment
Order (“MTO”) as he had been diagnosed to have been suffering from
“pathological gambling”, a compulsive disorder. The appellant had raised the
issue of his gambling disorder on 23 October 2015 in putting forward his
mitigation plea. The prosecution had however submitted then that there was no
direct causal link between his condition and the commission of the offences.

5 In the event, on 26 October 2015, the prosecution withdrew their application
seeking a correction of the District Judge’s sentence pursuant to s 301 of the
CPC 2012. The appellant subsequently filed an appeal against sentence. At the
hearing of the appeal on 6 May 2016, I agreed with the parties’ views that
there were grounds to consider calling for a pre-sentence report to assess the
appellant’s suitability to undergo an MTO (“the MTO Suitability Report”).
Accordingly, I adjourned the hearing pending receipt of the MTO Suitability
Report.

6 Upon receipt and perusal of the MTO Suitability Report prepared by the
appointed psychiatrist (Dr Guo Song), I resumed hearing the matter on 17
August 2016. In the event, I allowed the appeal and in doing so, I made some
brief observations on the applicability of s 301 of the CPC 2012. In these
grounds of decision, I shall focus only on that part of the prosecution’s
written submissions at [30] to [32] which dealt with s 301 of the CPC 2012.
Specifically, this is in relation to their submission at [32] that “the
appropriateness of an MTO Suitability Report was not considered at the 23
October 2015 hearing even though it was a relevant sentencing option” and that
this therefore would constitute “a sufficient basis for the District Judge to
consider the matter pursuant to section 301 of the CPC”.

Effect of s 301 of the CPC 2012

7 The general principle is that the court is functus officio after sentence is
pronounced. This essentially operates to ensure that there is finality and
certainty in the proceedings once sentence has been passed. Leaving aside the
prospect of a successful appeal against sentence or a revision of the
sentence, s 301(1) of the CPC 2012 creates an exception to that rule and
confers on the court the power to alter its judgment in two situations: (a)
where there has been a clerical error; or (b) where there has been “any other
error”, which includes an error in the exercise of its sentencing powers.
Clerical errors may be rectified at any time whereas “any other error” cannot
be rectified beyond the next working day after the delivery of the judgment.
Section 301(2) goes on to clarify that any error resulting from a sentence
imposed by a court which it subsequently views as being too harsh or too
lenient is not such an error within the meaning in s 301(1).

8 Section 301 of the CPC 2012 has its origins in s 217(2) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”) which provided:

A clerical error may be rectified at any time and any other mistake may be
rectified at any time before the court rises for the day.

[emphasis added]

9 In their submissions, the prosecution relied on the broad definition of the
words “any other mistake” that was set out in Public Prosecutor v Oh Hu Sung
[2003] 4 SLR(R) 541 (“Oh Hu Sung”). In that case, Yong Pung How CJ held that
“any other mistake” in s 217(2) was to be construed expansively and
encompassed more than mere clerical errors for otherwise the first limb of the
subsection (which refers to clerical errors) would be otiose (at [27]). “Any
other mistake” included not only mistakes by the court, but also unilateral
mistakes by the parties. It covered both errors of law and errors of fact.
However, in the interest of finality of proceedings, Yong CJ stressed that s
217(2) would only apply if the mistake was obvious to the court or admitted by
all parties (at [28]). I pause here to note that this expansive definition of
the term “any other mistake” could conceivably cover the present situation
since the “mistake” in question (that an MTO was the more appropriate
punishment) was one which both the prosecution and the defence apparently felt
ought to be corrected.

10 There are a few pertinent points to note. First, although the word
“mistake” (in s 217(2) of the CPC 1985) was replaced with “error” in the CPC
2012, this does not substantively alter the scope of the provision. Second,
“an error in the exercise of [the court’s] sentencing powers” was included in
s 301(1) of the CPC 2012 to legislatively bring such errors within its ambit.
This is consistent with the illustrations (c) and (d) to s 301(1) of the CPC
2012. Third, the broad definition of “any other mistake” that was laid down in
Oh Hu Sung has been circumscribed by s 301(2) of the CPC 2012 which clarifies
that any error resulting from a sentence imposed by a court which it
subsequently views as being too harsh or too lenient is not an error within
the meaning of s 301(1). In other words, the court’s power to rectify errors
in its judgment under s 301(1) of the CPC cannot be invoked even if (a) it is
obvious to the court that the sentence passed was too harsh or too lenient; or
(b) the prosecution and the defence agree that the sentence imposed is too
harsh or too lenient.

No “error” within the meaning of s 301 of the CPC 2012

11 The prosecution maintained at [30] to [32] of their written submissions on
appeal that the District Judge ought to have acted pursuant to s 301 of the
CPC 2012. With respect, this submission was misconceived for reasons I will
set out below. I took the view that the District Judge had rightly opined that
he was functus officio after having sentenced the appellant and that s 301(2)
could not operate to permit him to bypass the functus officio rule in the
instant case.

12 To begin with, the District Judge apparently saw no error in his sentence
which merited correction through the invocation of s 301 of the CPC 2012. If
it was felt that he was wrong in this regard, the proper course would have
been to lodge an appeal against sentence. This was precisely what was done in
the present case, but only after the abortive attempt to resort to s 301 of
the CPC 2012.

13 There was another clear indicator that this was not a case involving any
“error” in the sentence that could be corrected under s 301 of the CPC. The
appellant was initially prepared to accept that fines were a suitable and
acceptable punishment. In all likelihood, this reflected an agreement as part
of the plea negotiations with the prosecution, and he duly paid the fines. The
submissions tendered by the prosecution before the District Judge requesting a
correction of his sentence would suggest that the parties had reassessed their
positions post-sentence and had mutually arrived at a completely different
understanding, ie, that fines were rather less appropriate (or more harsh)
than originally thought. In response to my queries, the prosecution explained
that they had changed their position after reconsidering the matter.

14 In this connection, the observations of CJ Sundaresh Menon in Janardana
Jayasankarr v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGHC 161 are instructive. There, the
prosecution sought a significantly lower imprisonment sentence before the
District Judge who imposed a sentence that was significantly higher instead.
The offender appealed against his sentence. On appeal, the prosecution changed
their sentencing position and endeavoured to defend the decision of the
District Judge by pointing to other sentencing precedents where similar or
more onerous sentences had been imposed.

15 In that context, in dismissing the appeal, CJ Menon commented in his ex
tempore judgment that while the prosecution was entitled to change their
sentencing position to serve the public interest, their reasons for changing
their position in a material way should be articulated and explained (at
[24]–[25]). As I see it, this is because the prosecution is presumed to act in
the public interest at all times. The constitutional duty of the Attorney-
General qua Public Prosecutor to exercise his discretion in good faith and to
advance the public interest was reiterated by Chan Seng Onn J in Public
Prosecutor v Lim Choon Teck [2015] 5 SLR 1395 at [76]-[78]. Chan J cited the
following observations of the Court of Appeal in Ramalingam Ravinthran v
Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“Ramalingam”) at [53]:

The Attorney-General is the custodian of the prosecutorial power. He uses it
to enforce the criminal law not for its own sake, but for the greater good of
society, ie, to maintain law and order as well as to uphold the rule of law. …

16 In Ramalingam at [47], the Court of Appeal observed that a presumption of
legality and good faith attaches to the acts of public officials. The public
interest must in my view also necessarily require the prosecution to afford
careful consideration to each case as far as possible to ensure that it
assists the court fully and fairly in the decision-making process, in helping
the court to arrive at the correct outcome. This applies to all cases
prosecuted, whether at first instance or at the appellate level.

17 The prosecution’s submissions before me were ostensibly directed towards
seeking the court’s reconsideration as to whether an MTO was a “relevant” or
more “appropriate” sentencing option that had not been considered by the
District Judge. Even if the District Judge had been prepared to accept that
there was an “error” in his sentence, the submissions were in substance
plainly aimed at seeking a less harsh sentence for the appellant. Section 301
of the CPC 2012 clearly cannot apply even though the parties had made the
application within the next working day (viz, 26 October 2015 in the present
case). The imposition of a $12,000 fine was well within the District Judge’s
sentencing powers. His sentence did not reflect any palpably erroneous or
mistaken exercise of sentencing powers in the circumstances given the parties’
submissions and the material placed before him on 23 October 2015.

18 More fundamentally, as is made clear by s 301(2), any perceived “error”
resulting from a sentence imposed by a court which it (or the parties) might
view with the benefit of hindsight as being too harsh or too lenient is not an
error within the meaning of s 301(1). If the parties should change their
positions subsequently and choose to view the fines through different lenses
as being too harsh and inappropriate, the proper course is to file an appeal
against sentence on the ground that the sentence is manifestly excessive. In
this regard, I concurred with the District Judge’s reasoning as set out at
[47] – [49] of his grounds of decision (“GD”) which are reported as Public
Prosecutor v Karthigeyan M Kailasam [2015] SGDC 312.

19 Nevertheless, I noted that the District Judge appeared to have
unquestioningly accepted the prosecution’s submission in relation to the lack
of any “direct causal link” between the appellant’s condition and the
commission of the offences. This aspect received no attention in his GD beyond
a passing reference at [19]. It is apt in this context to refer to CJ Menon’s
recent reminder that sentencing is a matter that lies exclusively within the
prerogative of sentencing courts (K Saravanan Kuppusamy v Public Prosecutor
[2016] SGHC 166 (“Saravanan”) at [6]). While sentencing courts are greatly
assisted by submissions from the parties, it is nevertheless incumbent on the
sentencing court to evaluate the cogency of the respective positions that are
taken. For its part, the prosecution is obliged to place the relevant
materials before the court to enable it to come to its own conclusion as to
what the just sentence should be (Saravanan at [8]).

20 At the end of the day, there is a clear public interest in ensuring that
appropriate decisions are made and the right sentences are passed at first
instance, just as there is a public interest in finality in proceedings which
should not be lightly disturbed except on appeal, or in appropriate cases,
through invoking the court’s revisionary jurisdiction or through the use of s
301 of the CPC 2012 where circumstances permit. Erroneous decisions made at
first instance can of course be set right on appeal or on revision, but not
all such instances of error will be the subject-matter of appeal or revision.
It is therefore crucial that the first instance courts are properly assisted
to the fullest possible extent in order to arrive at the right conclusions.

21 Balancing the relevant considerations, the primary consideration in the
present case was the public interest in ensuring that a just outcome was
achieved. The appropriate means of achieving this was not through s 301 of the
CPC 2012 but by way of an appeal against sentence, since there was no “error”
within the meaning of s 301 of the CPC 2012.

Conclusion

22 In the prosecution’s written submissions on appeal, there was a tacit
acknowledgment (at [26]) that greater care and diligence in the discharge of
their duties should have been exercised at the outset. Having regard to the
public interest, it is imperative not only to assist the court to arrive at
the right outcome, but to endeavour to ensure as far as possible that this is
done at first instance.

23 When the appeal came before me on 6 May 2016, the parties were in agreement
that the appellant should be favourably considered for an MTO. The appellant
was found to be suitable to undergo an MTO. It was clear that the appellant’s
gambling disorder did have a relevant and proximate causal link to the
offences in question, all of which involved succumbing to his gambling
addiction. As such, I accepted the recommendation of the appointed
psychiatrist as set out at [12] of the MTO Suitability Report. I was satisfied
that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of the offence
and the character of the offender, it would be expedient to make an MTO
requiring the appellant to undergo psychiatric treatment. The appellant
confirmed that he was prepared to comply with the conditions if an MTO were to
be ordered and he was informed of the consequences of breaching the MTO.

24 The appeal was thus allowed and the appellant was ordered to undergo 12
months MTO. I ordered him to present himself at the National Addictions
Management Service (“NAMS”) clinic at least once a month over the next 12
months for treatment and to abide by the NAMS doctor’s treatment
recommendations. In addition, I ordered the fines he had paid to be refunded
in full.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Amarjit Singh s/o Hari Singh and Javern Sim (Gloria James-Civetta & Co) for
the appellant;  
Ang Siok Chen and Leong Wing Tuck (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

