Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 264

Originating Summons No 637 of 2016

In the matter of Section 259 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Centaurea International Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

Between

Centaurea International Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

… Plaintiff

And

Citus Trading Pte Ltd

… Defendant

Judgment

[Insolvency Law] — [Avoidance of transactions] — [Dispositions of property
after commencement of insolvency proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Centaurea International Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

  

v

  

Citus Trading Pte Ltd

[2016] SGHC 264

High Court — Originating Summons No 637 of 2016  
Steven Chong J  
1 November 2016

1 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 It is not uncommon for a company to continue operating after the
commencement of winding up. This could be due to a variety of reasons
including the company making legitimate efforts to keep itself afloat. It is
equally not uncommon for third parties to continue doing business with such a
company oblivious of the winding up application. However, such business
transactions may well give rise to unanticipated legal implications and
complications.

2 The case before me concerns a series of transactions between the parties and
the corresponding payments made by the plaintiff in the period between the
commencement of the winding up and the eventual winding up order. The
liquidators of the plaintiff seek to recover the payments which were made
after the commencement of the winding up while the defendant seeks to validate
those payments.

3 After the commencement of the winding up, s 259 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“s 259”) provides that any disposition of the property of
the company shall be void “unless the Court otherwise orders”. While there are
local cases dealing with the transfer of shares after the commencement of
winding up under s 259, I was informed by the parties that the issue of
validating payments under s 259 has not been the subject matter of any
reported decision of our courts. Both parties referred me to decisions in
other jurisdictions which have considered provisions similar to s 259. In
general, there appears to some consensus that in order to validate the
payments, the court must be satisfied that such payments would be, inter alia,
for the benefit of the company and consequently the general body of creditors.
This judgment will examine the circumstances under which this criterion would
be satisfied. It will also analyse the time at which this criterion is to be
assessed – should it be assessed as at the time the payment was made or as at
the time the payment is sought to be validated with the benefit of hindsight?
Finally, should a distinction be made between prospective validation and
retrospective validation? This case concerns the latter.

The facts

4 The essential facts are largely not in dispute. The plaintiff was wound up
on 23 August 2013. Pursuant to the winding up order, Mr Chee Yoh Chuang and Mr
Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor of Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“the
liquidators”) were appointed as the joint and several liquidators for the
plaintiff. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

1st Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang, dated 8 June 2016, at para 7

5 Prior to its winding up, the plaintiff was engaged in the business of
supplying bunkers to vessels. The defendant is an international trader dealing
in commodities including crude oil, petroleum distillates and petrochemicals.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani, dated 11 August 2016, at para 7

The plaintiff would purchase the bunkers from oil traders including the
defendant in order to supply them to vessels.

6 The parties started their business dealings in May 2013. The sale of the
bunkers by the defendant to the plaintiff was on credit terms, the details of
which will be examined below. At the outset of the business relations, two
forms of security were provided to the defendant to secure the plaintiff’s
liabilities: (a) a personal guarantee dated 22 May 2013 by the plaintiff’s
director, Lim Tiong Ling (“Lim”); and (b) a mortgage dated 27 May 2013 over MT
Sirima 1, a vessel owned by the plaintiff’s affiliate company, Centaurea
International Ltd (“Centaurea Ltd”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani, dated 3 October 2016, at paras 7–8

It is important to bear in mind that these two securities were provided by
third parties and not by the plaintiff itself. At all times, the parties dealt
with each other through an intermediary, G Ocean Trading Pte Ltd (“the
broker”). It was the broker who introduced the plaintiff to the defendant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 8

7 On 1 July 2013, another creditor, Navig8 Pool Inc (“Navig8”), commenced
winding up proceedings against the plaintiff. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at p 9

This was advertised in the Gazette, The Straits Times and the Lianhe Zaobao on
3 July 2013. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1st Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at p 11

8 After the commencement of the winding up, the plaintiff made five payments
totalling US$1,526,803.53 to the defendant between 5 to 31 July 2013 in
settlement of various pre-liquidation invoices. The liquidators requested the
defendant to return the payments in November 2013. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at p 13

This was denied by the defendant and the liquidators eventually filed
Originating Summons 637 of 2016 (“the application”) seeking a declaration that
these payments are void under s 259 which provides as follows:

Avoidance of dispositions of property, etc.

259. Any disposition of the property of the company, including things in action, and any transfer of shares or alteration in the status of the members of the company made after the commencement of the winding up by the Court shall unless the Court otherwise orders be void.

The liquidators have disclosed the fact that this application is funded by
Navig8. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at para 4

9 As the impugned payments were made after the commencement of the winding up,
the liquidators submit that they are prima facie void. As it is common ground
that the winding up commenced on 1 July 2013, the defendant does not dispute
that the payments are caught by s 259 and hence prima facie void but relies on
the court’s discretion under s 259 to validate the payments.

Transaction history between the parties

10 A review of the transactions between the parties is essential to a proper
understanding of their respective competing positions. Their entire
transaction history spanned a very short period between May and August 2013.
All the relevant transactions were for the sale of bunkers by the defendant to
the plaintiff.

11 The defendant’s position is that the sale of bunkers to the plaintiff was
subject to a credit limit of US$1.2m and a typical credit period of 30 days.

12 The first trade between the parties took place on or about 21 May 2013. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 13

By 24 June 2013, the parties had entered into four transactions as evidenced
by the following invoices: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at pp 55–58

(a) CIT 230057 dated 21 May 2013 for the sum of US$309,560, due for payment on
20 June 2013.

(b) CIT 230058 dated 30 May 2013 for the sum of US$206,482.56, due for payment
on 29 June 2013.

(c) CIT 230059 dated 30 May 2013 for the sum of US$722,688.96, due for payment
on 29 June 2013.

(d) CIT 230068 dated 24 June 2013 for the sum of US$309,563, due for payment
on 24 July 2013.

13 It appears from the evidence that the May invoices were not paid on their
respective due dates. However there is no dispute that as of 1 July 2013, the
May invoices had been paid by the plaintiff though the precise dates were not
stated in the affidavits. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 17

14 The next transaction was evidenced by invoice number CIT 230071 dated 26
June 2013 for the sum of US$597,800. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at p 59

Notably, the credit period for this invoice was reduced from the usual 30 days
to five days. The defendant explained that the credit period was reduced
because payments due under invoice numbers CIT 230058, 230059 and 230068 had
remained outstanding as at 26 June 2013. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 19

It can therefore be inferred that these three invoices were eventually paid
sometime after 26 June but prior to 1 July 2013. Nothing turns on the exact
dates for these payments.

15 Thereafter, the parties entered into a further transaction in June 2013 –
CIT 230074 dated 27 June 2013 for the sum of US$928,689. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at p 60

The credit period for this invoice was restored to the usual 30 days.

16 The subject matter of this application concerns five payments by the
plaintiff to the defendant in settlement of the two June invoices:

(a) Cheque payment of US$200,000 on 5 July 2013.

(b) Cheque payment of US$300,000 on 11 July 2013.

(c) Cheque payment of US$97,800 on 11 July 2013.

Sub-total – US$597,800 in payment of CIT 230071

(d) Cash payment of US$479,003.53 on 30 July 2013.

(e) Cheque payment of US$450,000 on 31 July 2013.

Sub-total – US$929,003.53 in payment of CIT 230074

17 Following receipt of the first three payments totalling US$597,800 in
payment of CIT 230071 by 11 July 2013, the defendant entered into two further
transactions with the plaintiff on the usual credit terms – as evidenced by
invoices CIT 230092 dated 23 July 2013 for the sum of US$309,946 and CIT
230096 dated 30 July 2013 for the sum of US$412,650. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at pp 81–82

The final transaction, CIT 230100 dated 6 August 2013 for the sum of
US$32,709.39, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at p 83

was entered into after receiving the balance two payments totalling
US$929,003.63 for CIT 230074. The plaintiff had not directly made any payment
for the last three transactions totalling US$755,305.39 at the time when it
was wound up.

18 During the hearing, it occurred to me when the payments were matched
against the respective invoices, one invoice, ie, CIT 230068 dated 24 June
2013 for the sum of US$309,563, was not accounted for. There was no mention of
the status of this invoice in the affidavits. In response to the court’s
query, counsel for the defendant, Mr Jude Benny, informed the court that this
invoice had been paid by Lim directly in cash. For that reason, the defendant
did not pursue this invoice against Lim in the bankruptcy proceedings. Neither
does it feature in the proof of debt against the plaintiff. Similarly, the
liquidators have not challenged this payment because there is no record in the
plaintiff’s books that this payment was made with the plaintiff’s funds.
Nonetheless, for good order, I directed the defendant to file an affidavit to
explain the circumstances for this cash payment. A director of the defendant,
Mr Nadar Ajlani, duly filed the affidavit as directed on 2 November 2016 to
explain that this cash payment was made by Lim on 24 July 2013. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

3rd Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani, dated 2 November 2016, at para 4

The liquidators have not taken issue with this disclosure by the defendant
which arose directly from the court’s question.

Relevant post-liquidation events

19 On 26 August 2013, the defendant learned from the broker that Lim had
“absconded”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 38

A search conducted by the broker with Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority on 27 August 2013 revealed that the liquidators had been appointed
to wind up the plaintiff. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 39

20 On 30 August 2013, the defendant issued a statutory notice against Lim
under the personal guarantee in respect of the liabilities due and owing by
the plaintiff. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2nd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang, dated 8 September 2016, at p 31

Lim did not respond to the statutory notice and the defendant thereafter
commenced bankruptcy proceedings against Lim on or about 17 October 2013. Lim
was adjudged a bankrupt on 21 November 2013. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at p 71

The defendant has filed a proof of debt against the plaintiff for the sum of
US$755,305.39 being the total amount outstanding under the last three invoices
– numbers CIT 230092, 230096 and 230100.

21 The defendant then exercised its rights under the mortgage to take
possession of the Sirima 1. By 29 August 2013, the defendant, acting under the
mortgage, transferred the ownership of the Sirima 1 to itself. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

3rd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang, dated 20 October 2016, at para 19

The vessel was subsequently sold by the defendant for about US$350,000. Mr
Benny informed the court during the hearing that the sale of the Sirima 1 took
place after the filing of the proof of debt and that the defendant would file
an amended proof of debt to reflect the amount recovered from the sale of the
vessel.

22 The plaintiff is relying on the personal guarantee and the vessel mortgage
to demonstrate that the defendant continued to supply the bunkers to the
plaintiff under the last three unpaid invoices on the strength of the two
securities and not on account of the five impugned payments made by the
plaintiff. The significance of this point will become clear when the law is
examined below.

Applicable legal principles

23 As I observed earlier, there is no local reported decision dealing with the
validation of payments made by a company under s 259 after the commencement of
the winding up. In this regard, it is relevant to note that s 259 is in pari
materia with s 127 of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (“the UK Insolvency
Act”) and substantially similar to the various equivalent legislations in
Australia. It is therefore instructive to examine English and Australian
authorities on this issue.

24 The underlying rationale of s 259 is to prevent the dissipation of the
assets of the company so as to “procure so far as practicable the rateable
payments of the unsecured creditors’ claims” (per Buckley LJ in In re Gray’s
Inn Construction Co Ltd [1980] 1 WLR 711 (“Gray’s Inn Construction”) at 718).
Hence,

… the court should not validate any transaction or series of transactions
which might result in one or more pre-liquidation creditors being paid in full
at the expense of other creditors, who will only receive a dividend, in the
absence of special circumstances making such a course desirable in the
interest of the unsecured creditors as a body.

[emphasis added]

25 Consistently with the underlying rationale, it has also been said that s
259 is intended to ensure that there are no preferential payments to pre-
liquidation creditors which would infringe the pari passu rule.

26 A third party who, despite having knowledge that the winding up petition
has been filed, is asked to enter into a transaction with a company after the
commencement of winding up can always decline to do so until he or the company
has obtained a prospective validating order. If he chooses to go ahead without
first obtaining the validating order, then he obviously takes the risk of the
court subsequently refusing to make the order. However, it is not always
feasible to obtain such an order in advance because the third party may be
unaware of the winding up application. Here we are concerned with such a
situation; hence, the necessity for the retrospective validation order.

27 Mr Benny submits that payments made (a) in good faith; (b) in the ordinary
course of business; and (c) without notice of the winding up application
“would usually be validated by the court unless there are grounds for thinking
that the transaction may involve an attempt to prefer the disponee”, as
Buckley LJ held in Gray’s Inn Construction at 718.

28 I do not think Buckley LJ meant, in Gray’s Inn Construction, to lay down
any general rule or presumption. In fact, this was very recently clarified in
Express Electrical Distributors Ltd v Beavis and ors [2016] EWCA Civ 765
(“Beavis”) where Sales LJ described it at [36] as a “bald proposition”. He
went on to observe:

Validation on that basis could well prejudice the interest of the body of
unsecured creditors, unless the making of such a validation order depends upon
a more searching inquiry whether it is in the circumstances in the overall
interest that the transaction in question should be validated.

29 Further on in the judgment, Sales LJ opined “that the time has come to
recognise that the statement by Buckley LJ … cannot be taken at face value and
as a rule in itself” (at [56]).

30 In my view, showing that the impugned payments to pre-liquidation creditors
were made in good faith in the ordinary course of business without notice of
the winding up petition would not be sufficient to validate the payments. The
statement that such transactions would “usually” be validated is only a
descriptive statement and does not explain why the court would permit a
departure from the pari passu rule in making a validation order. The departure
is permitted when there is a benefit to the company and hence its creditors.

31 That is not to say that these requirements are not relevant considerations.
Obviously, if the payments were not made bona fide in the ordinary course of
business, the “searching inquiry” as to validation of the payments would, in
many cases, stop there without further examination simply because such
payments would ex hypothesi not be for legitimate purposes, and may have been
attempts to prefer the disponee.

32 But, to borrow the words of Fox LJ in Denny v John Hudson & Co Ltd [1992]
BCLC 901 (“John Hudson”) at 905, “while good faith is, in my view,
established, I do not think that good faith is enough by itself to justify
validation”. In support of this view, Fox LJ relied on the following passage
from Re J Leslie Engineers Co Ltd [1976] 2 All ER 85 (“Leslie”) at 95:

Whilst obviously the absence of any actual knowledge in the recipient of a
payment that a petition is in being is a factor – indeed a very powerful
factor – to be considered in relation to the exercise of discretion, I do not
think that, by itself, it can be conclusive and, indeed, counsel for the
respondents does not so contend. I think that in exercising discretion the
court must keep in view the evident purpose of the section which, as Chitty J
said in Re Civil Service and General Store Ltd (1887) LJ Ch 119, is to ensure
that the creditors are paid pari passu. Obviously there are circumstances
where this cannot in fairness be the sole criterion in cases where, for
instance, the creditor concerned has since the presentation of the petition
helped to keep the company afloat, or has otherwise swollen the company’s
assets, salvage cases and that sort of thing.

[emphasis added]

33 Further, if the third party decides to enter into transactions with the
company despite actual knowledge of the commencement of winding up, the third
party would be deemed to have taken the risk that the court may not issue the
validating order ex post facto and that it might eventually only receive a
dividend upon liquidation of the company. In such a case, it would be prudent
for the third party to first seek prospective validation prior to entering
into the transaction. But the fact that the third party is aware of the
winding up petition is not necessarily fatal. As mentioned in Jardio Holdings
Pty Ltd v Dorcon Construction Pty Ltd (1984) 2 ACLC 574 (“Jardio Holdings”) at
581, “knowledge of the company’s financial embarrassment, or even its
insolvency, is not necessarily fatal” to an application for validation. Also,
as elaborated in [43] below, Gray’s Inn Construction itself dealt with a
situation where the third party bank permitted the company to continue using
its current account for its trades notwithstanding the bank’s actual notice of
the winding up petition.

34 In short, while the fact that the payments were bona fide in the ordinary
course of business without notice are strong factors in favour of validation,
the crucial requirement remains whether there are “special circumstances
making such a course desirable in the interest of the unsecured creditors as a
body”. That is the main dispute which divides the parties in this case as to
whether the five impugned payments should be validated.

35 It is at least common ground between the parties that the “special
circumstances” would be satisfied if the defendant was able to prove that the
payments were for the benefit of the general pool of unsecured creditors. This
is the pivotal issue which will be examined below with reference to the
parties’ submissions. However, what further divides the parties is the
relevant time to determine whether there was “benefit” to the general body of
unsecured creditors – is it the time of the payment or the time when the
payment is sought to be validated?

Relevant time of the inquiry

36 The case before me concerns retrospective validation, ie, validation after
the disposition in question has occurred. Mr Benny submits that it is
sufficient for the defendant to demonstrate that, looking at the payments at
the time they were made, it was likely that they would benefit the company. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 33 and 37

Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Edgar Chin, submits that the defendant must
demonstrate with cogent evidence that, looking at the payments with the
benefit of hindsight, they in fact turned out to be for the benefit of the
general body of creditors. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 37

37 The difference in the two approaches is likely to be material to the
eventual exercise of my discretion under s 259 because the plaintiff submits
that, looking at the evidence with the benefit of hindsight, the plaintiff and
consequently the unsecured creditors did not actually benefit from the
supplies of bunkers delivered by the defendant following the payments by the
plaintiff which are now impugned.

38 I agree with Mr Benny’s submission as to the proper time for the inquiry.
It is both grounded on relevant case law and preferable as a matter of
principle.

39 The preponderance of authorities supports the defendant’s position. The
following dicta by the Federal Court of Australia in Jardio Holdings at 581,
in the context of s 227 of the Companies Act (NT) (which is substantially
similar to s 259), is particularly instructive:

Logically, the merits of the application should be tested as at the date of
entry into the transaction sought to be validated. Subsequent events may be
capable of throwing light on the position at an earlier point of time, but
that is a different matter. If an applicant can make out a case for validation
of a transaction upon the footing that, looked at as at the time of entry into
the transaction, it was in the interests of the general body of creditors that
the disposition of the company’s property concerned should take place,
sanction should not be denied because subsequent events prove wrong a judgment
reasonably formed at the time that the transaction offered advantages or
potential advantages to the general body of creditors.

[emphasis added]

The court also observed at 579 that a transaction entered into in good faith
which offers actual or prospective advantage to the company or its general
body of creditors would ordinarily be sanctioned by the court.

40 In John Hudson at 906, Fox LJ approached the inquiry by posing the question
whether the relevant transactions were “likely” to be for the benefit of
creditors generally. Staughton LJ observed, similarly, that a judge would be
entitled to find that a transaction “was apt to benefit the creditors, even if
it is not shown that it did in fact do so” [emphasis in original] (at 908).

41 In similar vein, in Tellsa Furniture Pty Ltd v Glendave Nominees Pty Ltd
(1987) 12 ACLR 64 (“Tellsa”) at 66, the Court of Appeal of New South Wales
observed that in exercising the power of validation, the court’s inquiry is
whether the transaction is “apt” to benefit the creditors generally. These
cases support the defendant’s position that the court should assess whether,
at the time of the payment, the impugned transaction was likely to benefit the
creditors.

42 Mr Chin relies on Beavis at [56] for the proposition that in respect of
retrospective validation, the court should inquire whether the payment “has
been” for the benefit of the general body of unsecured creditors such that it
is appropriate to disapply the usual pari passu principle. Although the court
in Beavis preferred the hindsight test, Sales LJ had observed at [26], “I do
not think that it matters in this case which of these two approaches is
adopted”. I should also mention that the court also found on the facts that:
(a) there was no evidence that the further supplies were made for the benefit
of the general body of the creditors whether as at the time of the payment or
with the benefit of hindsight (at [31]); and (b) that the payment was, in any
event, not made in the ordinary course of business (at [57]). Hence it was
neither critical nor necessary for the court to decide that the appropriate
inquiry should be as at the time when the validation is sought.

43 Mr Chin also relies on Gray’s Inn Construction where Buckley LJ held at 720
that the judge below was bound to deal with the inquiry “in the light of all
the facts then known to him including the fact, according to his finding, that
the company had traded at a loss”. This statement seemingly suggests that the
inquiry should be carried out with the benefit of hindsight. However, the
hindsight test was applied in Gray’s Inn Construction to disallow part of the
validating order made by the judge below because the bank allowed the company
to continue using its current account even after having actual knowledge of
the winding up petition. Buckley LJ held (at 724) that the proper course for
the bank to adopt was to have applied for a prospective validating order at
which time the court might have granted the order subject to certain
precautions. The bank made no such application and instead “took the risk of
going on without an order”. In such a case, it is not unfair to require the
third party to prove that the further transactions in fact benefited the
company since, in continuing to transact with the company despite having
notice of the winding up application, the third party has accepted the risk
that the further transactions may not turn out to be beneficial to the
company. The result in Gray’s Inn Construction was that the court only
validated the credits to the company’s bank account before the bank knew of
the winding up petition, but not those credits after it did (at 721).

44 I should not be taken as saying that the hindsight test will invariably be
applied once it is shown the third party had knowledge of the winding up
petition. Jardio Holdings seems to suggest otherwise. The third party in that
case – a mortgagee – knew of the company’s “perilous financial condition” when
taking a mortgage from the company (at 581). The court disagreed with the
lower court’s application of the hindsight test. It went on to apply the test
of prospective benefit, asking whether the mortgage “could, at the time,
reasonably be perceived as offering some advantage or at least some potential
advantage” to the company (at 582). In the end, it found that there had been
no such prospective benefit (at 583). The present case does not involve a
third party with notice of the winding up petition (or insolvency of the
company) and there is hence no need for this court to take a firm view of
whether the hindsight test should apply in the context where the third party
had notice. In any event, neither Beavis nor Gray’s Inn Construction is clear
authority that the court should apply the hindsight test in such a situation.

45 Furthermore, examining an impugned transaction with the benefit of
hindsight would work unfairness to parties dealing in good faith with
“insolvent” companies without notice. This is for a number of reasons. First,
as pointed out by Staughton LJ in John Hudson at 908:

… it would be a substantial task to prove by detailed evidence that the
creditors’ position was better after those further supplies were made than it
had been before, and that it was profitable for the company to pay the
disputed amounts in order to obtain them.

Such difficulties of proof are compounded by the fact that the burden of doing
so lies on the defendant seeking to validate the transaction, whereas it is
the company which would be best placed to say whether the transactions were
eventually profitable or for the benefit of the creditors.

46 Second, whether or not the payments did in fact benefit the company, and
hence the creditors, may be determined by extraneous circumstances beyond the
control of the parties. Advanced EPI Technology Corporation v Vitelic (Hong
Kong) Ltd and others [2007] HKCFI 896 (“Vitelic”) is a case in point. It dealt
with s 182 of the Companies Ordinance (Cap 32) which is similar to s 259. The
insolvent company’s solicitors sought to validate the payment of fees they
received between the date of the winding up petition and the date of the
winding up order for work they had done before the company was wound up. The
work done was in assisting with the transfer of a lease held by the company to
a transferee who was prepared to pay a fair price for it. The transfer of the
lease was not only likely to produce a substantial surplus for the company but
was prospectively validated by the court after the winding up petition.
However, the transfer did not take place because the lessor withheld its
consent. Nonetheless, Barma J found that the services rendered by the
solicitors were, when viewed objectively, for the benefit of the company and
its creditors (at [14]). In my view, the result Barma J arrived at was
correct. He found (at [16]) that the lease not having been transferred did not
detract from his conclusion:

It is true that the transaction ultimately fell through and that it therefore
did not actually produce a benefit for the company or its creditors at the end
of the day. However, it seems to me that to take this into account would be to
view the matter with the benefit of hindsight.

47 The present case is another illustration of this point. The transactions
concern the sale and purchase of bunkers to the plaintiff for onward sales to
end users. What price the plaintiff would eventually realise from the onward
sales would invariably depend on market conditions. Consider a scenario where
two traders in similar positions to the defendant both sold bunkers to the
plaintiff on the same day and at the same price, but the plaintiff resold them
on different days, generating a profit on one day but incurring a loss on the
other. It would not be right, as a matter of principle, that the payment would
be validated in the former case but not in the latter case. Both traders would
be identically situated, yet the outcome would be different on account of
matters completely outside the control of the parties.

48 All things considered, I do not think the suitability of retrospective
validation should depend on such extraneous accidents. The proper and, in my
view, just approach is to focus the inquiry at the time of the payment whether
the disposition is likely to benefit the creditors.

The exercise of discretion under section 259

Were the payments made in good faith in the ordinary course of business
without notice?

49 It is not seriously disputed by the liquidators that the impugned payments
were made and received in good faith in the ordinary course of business. It is
clear from the transaction history that the payments were for arms-length
transactions between the parties.

50 However, the liquidators take issue with the question of notice. Mr Chin
submits that the advertisement of the winding up petition is “notice to all
the world of its presentation” (see Leslie at 304, Rose v AIB Group (UK) plc
and anor [2003] EWHC 1737 (Ch) at [45]) and that the defendant must be taken
to have known of the winding up petition at the time of the payments since the
winding up advertisements had been published before any of the payments were
made. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 23

51 On the strength of this proposition, Mr Chin submits that it is immaterial
whether the defendant in fact knew of the winding up at the time when the
payments were made. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 18

This statement is not incorrect but it serves only to make the point that the
lack of actual knowledge of the winding up proceedings does not take the
payment outside the ambit of s 259. The case law shows, however, that the
absence of actual knowledge is a factor in favour of validation (see [32]
above). This is precisely what the defendant is relying on the lack of actual
knowledge for.

52 I think the evidence is clear that the defendant did not have actual notice
of the winding up each time the payments were made. There is no suggestion by
the liquidators that the defendant in fact had actual notice of the winding up
at the time when the payments were received. The defendant’s lack of actual
notice is also borne out by the objective evidence. From the transaction
history, the defendant made three deliveries to the plaintiff on the usual
credit terms in July and August 2013 after the commencement of the winding up
(see [17] above). Such a course would have been commercially inexplicable had
the defendant been aware of the winding up, and hence aware of the risks that
(securities notwithstanding) it would not be fully paid for those deliveries.
There is also no suggestion by the liquidators that the deliveries were made
by the defendant in spite of actual notice of the winding up proceedings.

53 I now turn to examine the critical issue: were the payments for the benefit
of the company and the general body of creditors? The defendant’s case is that
the trades with the plaintiff “were guided by a credit exposure limit” and
that as long as the trades were cumulatively within the exposure limit, it
would continue to trade with the plaintiff. Once the exposure limit was
exceeded, the defendant would not continue to trade “until some payment was
made”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1st Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 20

The defendant asserts that without the five impugned payments by the
plaintiff, the defendant would not have supplied the three deliveries in July
and August 2013 (“the additional supplies”). The liquidators dispute the
defendant’s case on several fronts. They deny that the additional supplies
were made solely on account of the impugned payments. In support, they deny
that there was any operative credit limit and that the additional supplies
were made in reliance of the personal guarantee and the mortgage instead. I
will address each of these arguments in turn.

The significance of the credit limit and the credit period

54 The question whether the transactions with the plaintiff were subject to a
credit limit has an important bearing on this application. The defendant’s
case is that owing to the credit limit which had been exceeded at the relevant
time, the additional supplies would not have been made to the plaintiff
without first receiving payment for the outstanding invoices. The liquidators
dispute that there was any such credit limit.

55 From the objective and contemporaneous evidence before the court, it is
clear that there was in fact a credit limit of US$1.2m for the plaintiff’s
trades.

(a) First, on the face of the vessel mortgage, the mortgage was provided “as
partial collateral for the purpose of a business loan/open credit”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2nd Affidavit of Goh Seng Wee at p 11

Although the amount of the “business loan/open credit” was not stipulated in
the mortgage, the liquidators accept that the amount intended to be secured
was US$1.2m. This mirrors the credit limit. This is also supported by an email
dated 20 May 2013 which was sent by the broker to the agent preparing the
vessel mortgage that the “[a]mount borrowed is USD 1.2 Million”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2nd Affidavit of Goh Seng Wee at p 17

(b) Second, in an email dated 28 May 2013, the broker informed the defendant
that the plaintiff “was chasing … for the balance USD 1.2 m - USD 300k first
sales = USD 900k balance sales”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2nd Affidavit of Goh Seng Wee at p 19

As at 28 May 2013, the plaintiff had entered into one transaction with the
defendant – CIT 230057 for approximately US$300,000. It is evident from the
email that the plaintiff was keen to utilise the balance credit of US$900,000.

(c) Third, in a WhatsApp message dated 5 August 2013, the broker informed Lim
that if the plaintiff could address the defendant’s concern of prompt payment,
the defendant would be minded to “possibly get even more than 1.2 mil for u. U
can grow too”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

1st Affidavit of Goh Seng Wee at p 66

In the context of the parties’ business relationship, this message must have
been referring to an existing limit of US$1.2m which could increase with
prompt payments.

56 The liquidators deny that there is any evidence to support the alleged
credit limit. Principally, they rely on the fact that as at 23 July 2013, the
total credit exposure was US$1,548,198. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2nd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at para 12

If the point made is that the defendant has not consistently observed or
adhered to the credit exposure limit, then I agree. However, occasional
departures from a credit limit do not negate its existence. Such deviations
are not unexpected in business dealings. When the credit limit is permitted to
be exceeded, ie, not strictly adhered to, all it indicates is a temporary
increase in the risk appetite of the defendant. This is entirely a business
call. The mere fact that the credit limit was allowed to be exceeded does not
undermine the objective evidence which points to the existence of a credit
limit of US$1.2m.

The impact of the personal guarantee and the vessel mortgage

57 As mentioned at [6] and [20]–[22] above, the defendant did obtain a
personal guarantee and a vessel mortgage from Lim and Centaurea Ltd
respectively to secure the plaintiff’s liabilities and it has since taken
steps to enforce the two securities.

58 The liquidators brought to my attention the fact that in the bankruptcy
proceedings against Lim, the defendant, through the affidavit of Mr Nadar
Ajlani, had stated that the additional supplies were made “[i]n reliance on
the Personal Guarantee”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2nd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at p 28

Furthermore, the liquidators also asserted that the defendant had omitted to
mention that it had taken possession of the Sirima 1 and had obtained some
recovery from the sale of the vessel. The defendant does not dispute either of
these two points.

59 During the hearing before me, I asked Mr Chin what was the precise
significance of these two points to the liquidators’ case. He clarified that
their significance lay in the liquidators’ submission that the additional
supplies by the defendant to the plaintiff in July and August 2013 were made
on the strength of these two securities and not because of the impugned
payments by the plaintiff. In short, the liquidators claim that there was no
causal link between the additional supplies and the impugned payments. As
observed at [53] above, this position of the liquidators is in line with its
denial that there was any credit limit of US$1.2m for the plaintiff’s trades,
a point on which I have found against them.

60 I do not think either of these two points assists the liquidators’ case. It
cannot be denied that the personal guarantee was provided by Lim to secure the
plaintiff’s liabilities to the defendant. Obviously, to enforce the personal
guarantee, it would be necessary for the defendant to state, as it has done,
that the further supplies were made “in reliance on the Personal Guarantee”.
That is strictly correct. It does not follow that – as appears to be the
liquidators’ position – the defendant would have continued to supply further
deliveries of bunkers without the plaintiff first settling the outstanding
invoices. Rather, it appears to me that the defendant’s willingness to
continue the deliveries on credit terms was predicated on both the payment of
the earlier invoices -and the fact that the personal guarantee had been given.
This is particularly likely given that the outstanding amounts had crossed the
credit limit. It is also of significance that the enforcement of the personal
guarantee only took place after the defendant learned that Lim had absconded.
This suggests that the defendant viewed the personal guarantee as a last
resort, and is consistent with the defendant having also relied on the earlier
invoices being paid so as to reduce the likelihood that the personal guarantee
would have to be called on.

61 Further, I am unable to accept the liquidators’ argument as regards the
significance of the two securities. In the first place, it is pertinent to
note that these two securities were provided from the outset of the
relationship. If the defendant was always intending to rely solely on these
two securities for payment of all outstanding sums, then there would be no
reason for the broker to send frequent reminders to the plaintiff to pay up on
the overdue invoices – text messages were sent on various occasions on 1, 22,
23, 29 July 2013 and 22 and 26 August 2013 in addition to phone calls being
made to Lim. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1st Affidavit of Goh Seng Wee at pp 56, 60, 62, 81, 83

Furthermore, it should be recalled that when the May invoices remained unpaid,
the defendant drastically reduced the credit period from 30 days to five days.
These contemporary measures show that the defendant was always mindful of its
credit exposure to the plaintiff and had always insisted on payments of
outstanding invoices before supplying further deliveries of bunkers. This
reflects the commercial realities of the parties’ business dealings especially
where the outstanding sums had crossed the credit limit and exceeded the
credit period.

Were the payments for the benefit of the general body of creditors?

62 This is the decisive factor for the exercise of discretion under s 259. The
liquidators have devoted much effort to demonstrating that the additional
supplies by the defendant following the impugned payments did not in fact
benefit the plaintiff or the creditors. For this reason, the liquidators have
stated, in their various affidavits, that there is nothing to suggest that the
payments “benefited” the plaintiff in any way or that the additional supplies
“resulted” in projects that benefited or “materially improved” the plaintiff’s
financial position. Proceeding on this basis, the liquidators attempted to
demonstrate that the additional supplies were probably sold by the plaintiff
at a loss. There are several difficulties in this assertion. First, the
liquidators assumed that the additional supplies “must necessarily be sold by
the Plaintiff only or after the physical delivery date” of the additional
supplies [emphasis added]. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2nd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at para 23

In other words, the sub-sales could not have been sold forward, ie, by way of
short selling. The defendant asserts that short selling is not uncommon in the
oil trade. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2nd Affidavit of Nadar Ajlani at para 20

However, the possibility of forward sales was acknowledged by the liquidators
in a subsequent affidavit: “it is possible for the Defendant to have concluded
contracts on dates other than the invoice date”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

3rd Affidavit of Chee Yoh Chuang at para 25

Furthermore, the liquidators claim that they are unable to identify the
plaintiff’s invoices for the sub-sales of the additional supplies. In other
words, the liquidators are not able to state affirmatively what happened to
the additional supplies delivered by the defendant. Therefore the submission
that the sub-sales were sold at a loss is speculative at best. It further
illustrates the difficulties of the liquidators, in spite of their full access
to the plaintiff’s records, in making good the point that the additional
supplies did not in fact benefit the plaintiff. How then would a third party
like the defendant, without similar access, be expected to discharge the
burden that the additional supplies actually benefited the plaintiff? This
demonstrates the difficulty of proof alluded to by Staughton LJ in John Hudson
– see [45] above.

63 Nonetheless, this inquiry only assumes relevance if I accept Mr Chin’s
submission that the question of benefit in the context of retrospective
validation is to be examined with the benefit of hindsight. As elaborated at
[36] to [48] above, the relevant time for the inquiry is the time of the
payment, contrary to Mr Chin’s submission. Once the inquiry is settled as at
the time of payment, the focus necessarily shifts to the prospective
(anticipated) advantage to the plaintiff and the general body of creditors. It
becomes unnecessary to examine whether the payments in fact benefited the
plaintiff.

64 I have already found at [55] above that there was a credit limit of US$1.2m
for the plaintiff’s trades which had been exceeded at the relevant time and
that the defendant would not have agreed to sell the additional supplies to
the plaintiff on credit terms but for the impugned payments (see [61] above).

65 Against these findings, the crucial question is whether the payments of the
overdue invoices in order to obtain the additional supplies from the defendant
were “likely” or “apt” to benefit the plaintiff and the general body of
creditors. This question must be examined with particular reference to the
purpose of the additional supplies for the plaintiff’s business. The plaintiff
is in the business of supplying bunkers to vessels. Its business is entirely
dependent on sourcing for favourable bunker prices from oil traders such as
the defendant. The plaintiff’s primary business model is to earn a margin from
the onward sales to vessels. It stands to reason that in order for the
business to continue, the plaintiff must be able to secure supplies on credit
terms from traders like the defendant. The payments by the plaintiff would
have the effect of refreshing the credit limit. The defendant’s continuing
supply is therefore the source of the plaintiff’s business without which the
plaintiff would not be able to stay afloat. It follows that making payments to
pre-liquidation creditors like the defendant in order to stay afloat must at
least carry a potential or prospective benefit to the plaintiff and hence the
general body of creditors.

66 This approach was in fact adopted in John Hudson to validate payments made
in order to obtain further supplies in circumstances similar to the present
case. In that case, the company carried on business as hauliers. The
respondent carried on business as suppliers of fuel oil to customers including
the company. Owing to the company’s less than sterling payment record, the
supply was on terms that the previous deliveries had to be paid for before new
deliveries could be made. After the petition for compulsory winding up of the
company had been presented, the company paid various pre-liquidation invoices
in order to obtain new deliveries of fuel oil. The liquidator challenged the
payments under s 127 of the UK Insolvency Act. In validating the payments, the
court held that the continued supply of fuel oil was of value to the company’s
business as hauliers because “[w]ithout the diesel they could not continue in
business” (at 906). Although the payments were challenged on the premise that
there was no evidence that the supplies had been used profitably, the court
went on to observe (at 907) that while that might have been true “the supplies
would enable the business to be carried on, and to earn revenue”. Equally, the
court attached significance to the fact that the company received quid pro quo
from the payments – the ability to order a further supply of fuel oil while
deferring payment (at 906). If the impugned payments had merely been to pay
the pre-liquidation invoices and no more, then such payments would clearly
infringe the pari passu principle.

67 In Tellsa, the Court of Appeal of New South Wales, in examining a provision
substantially similar to s 259, held (at 70) that such transactions would
ordinarily be validated

so long as they “related to the need to continue business, and earn income, or
save loss, during the pendency of the petition” … as distinct from on the
other hand payments which even though made honestly are no more than
reductions of a pre-existing debt without arguable countervailing benefit to
the company.

68 In Prospect Electricity v Advanced Glass Technologies of Australia P/L
(1996) 22 ACSR 6, also a decision of the Court of Appeal of New South Wales,
the court validated the payment of pre-liquidation electricity bills in order
for the company to continue receiving electricity supply to stay in business.
The court noted (at 13) that one important consideration was that the payments
“contributed towards the continued existence of the company as a going concern
with actual and possible benefit to relevant parties” [emphasis added]. The
court fittingly added (also at 13) that “the situation of actual and possible
benefit could not have been reached if there had not been payment of the
amount outstanding”.

69 It may not always be the case that there is benefit to the company simply
by allowing it to continue trading. It would not, for instance, be in the
interests of the creditors to retrospectively validate a transaction which was
“part of a course of trading by the company at a loss” (see Beavis at [36]).
In the same way, a prospective validation order to allow a company to continue
trading has been refused because there were serious doubts as to the company’s
solvency and because it had not been trading profitably (see Re a Company (No
007523 of 1986) [1987] BCLC 200 at 203 and 205). There is no evidence that the
plaintiff, here, was trading at a loss. I would also venture to suggest that
the benefit to a company may in some cases be remote. In Fuji Photo Film Co
Ltd v Jazz Photo (Hong Kong) Ltd [2004] HKCFI 19, for example, the court
declined to prospectively validate expenses for business trips to meet clients
and attend camera and photography exhibitions. The court observed that this
was hardly sufficient to show that the trip would bring benefits to the
company (at [26]).

70 Here, the plaintiff did receive quid pro quo from the payments through the
defendant’s additional supplies on credit terms. This is the crucial
difference. Providing the additional supplies as stock on credit terms allowed
the plaintiff to continue in its business. That would not have been possible
without the plaintiff first making the impugned payments. The payments in
order to secure the additional supplies, in my view, were at the material
time, “likely” or “apt” to be for the benefit of the plaintiff and the general
body of creditors. It may well be that with the benefit of hindsight, the
additional supplies did not in fact benefit the plaintiff but that, in my
judgment, is the incorrect test in deciding whether the discretion under s 259
should be exercised to retrospectively validate the payments in a case where
the defendant was unaware of the winding up application.

Conclusion

71 In the circumstances, the payments to the defendants are hereby validated
and as a consequence, the liquidators’ application is dismissed with costs
fixed at $10,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Steven Chong  
Judge

Edgar Chin Ren Howe, Jonathan Thio and Samantha Ch’ng (Incisive Law LLC) for
the plaintiff;  
Jude Benny and Mary-Anne Chua (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

