Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 190

Suit No 689 of 2016  
(Summons No 3539 of 2016)

Between

| BBW  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BBX  
---|---  
(2)| BBY  
(3)| BBZ  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Orders for proceedings to be
heard in camera]

[Civil procedure] — [Judgments and orders] — [Sealing orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BBW

  
v

  

BBX and others

[2016] SGHC 190

High Court — Suit No 689 of 2016  
(Summons No 3539 of 2016)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
2 August 2016

9 September 2016

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The present summons was brought ex parte by the plaintiff, [BBW], who sought
an order that all court documents and records in this action (“the Suit”) be
sealed, and access by third parties to those documents and records be withheld
(“the Sealing Order Application”). [BBW] also sought an order that the
proceedings brought by way of the Suit be held in camera (“the In Camera
Hearing Application”). According to the summons, [BBW]’s applications were
based on two grounds: (a) ss 22 and 23 of the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”); and (b) the inherent jurisdiction of the
court.

2 I did not think that ss 22 and 23 of the IAA could be the basis for [BBW]’s
applications, but eventually granted the applications on other grounds.
However, [BBW]’s reliance on these provisions highlighted the need to clarify
their precise ambit and I do so below.

The Suit

3 The Suit was still at the pleadings stage at the time of [BBW]’s
applications. In fact, only [BBW]’s version of the Suit’s facts, as set out in
the amended statement of claim, was available. I set out below the material
facts that can be gleaned from the amended statement of claim.

4 In the Suit, [BBW] prays for a declaration that there is a valid indemnity
agreement (“the Indemnity Agreement”) between him and a deceased party, [B],
and for enforcement of the Indemnity Agreement against the first defendant,
[BBX], who is the personal representative of [B]’s estate. [BBW] claims that
under the Indemnity Agreement, [B] had agreed to indemnify him against all
liability, loss or damage incurred in connection with an arbitration at the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“the Arbitration”). In the
Arbitration, the claimant, [C], seeks damages from [BBW] in relation to an
agreement by [BBW] to purchase certain shares from [C]. [BBW]’s position in
the Arbitration is that those shares were beneficially owned by [B], who was
the father-in-law of [C]. [B] and [C] were engaged in litigation in Seychelles
in relation to [B]’s claim to those shares.

Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA

5 I proceeded on the assumption that the Arbitration is an international
arbitration falling within the scope of the IAA.

6 As mentioned at [1] above, the first ground for [BBW]’s applications was ss
22 and 23 of the IAA. These provisions read as follows:

Proceedings to be heard otherwise than in open court

22. Proceedings under this Act in any court shall, on the application of any party to the proceedings, be heard otherwise than in open court.

Restrictions on reporting of proceedings heard otherwise than in open court

23.—(1) This section shall apply to proceedings under this Act in any court
heard otherwise than in open court.

(2) A court hearing any proceedings to which this section applies shall, on
the application of any party to the proceedings, give directions as to whether
any and, if so, what information relating to the proceedings may be published.

(3) A court shall not give a direction under subsection (2) permitting
information to be published unless —

(a) all parties to the proceedings agree that such information may be
published; or

(b) the court is satisfied that the information, if published in accordance
with such directions as it may give, would not reveal any matter, including
the identity of any party to the proceedings, that any party to the
proceedings reasonably wishes to remain confidential.

(4) Notwithstanding subsection (3), where a court gives grounds of decision
for a judgment in respect of proceedings to which this section applies and
considers that judgment to be of major legal interest, the court shall direct
that reports of the judgment may be published in law reports and professional
publications but, if any party to the proceedings reasonably wishes to conceal
any matter, including the fact that he was such a party, the court shall —

(a) give directions as to the action that shall be taken to conceal that
matter in those reports; and

(b) if it considers that a report published in accordance with directions
given under paragraph (a) would be likely to reveal that matter, direct that
no report shall be published until after the end of such period, not exceeding
10 years, as it considers appropriate.

Meaning of “proceedings under this Act”

7 What is immediately apparent is that ss 22 and 23 of the IAA only apply to
“proceedings under this Act” (“this Act” being the IAA). On a plain reading of
this phrase, it refers to proceedings under specific provisions of the IAA.
Such proceedings include (by no means exclusively) applications under the
following provisions of the IAA: s 6(1) (stay of proceedings), s 10(3)
(jurisdiction of arbitrator), s 10(4) (appeal to Court of Appeal), s 12(6)
(enforcement of orders or directions of arbitrator), s 12A (interim measures),
s 13(2) (subpoena), s 13(3) (bringing up prisoner for examination), s 18(b)
(enforcement of consent awards), s 19 (enforcement of awards), s 24 (setting
aside award) and s 29(1) (enforcement of foreign awards). An interesting
question arises as to whether applications under ss 22 or 23 of the IAA amount
to “proceedings under this Act”. In my view, while such an application is made
under the IAA, the “proceeding” that is the subject of the application under
ss 22 or 23 of the IAA must relate to an application under another provision
of the IAA. To interpret this otherwise would render otiose the phrase
“proceedings under this Act”, as any application that is made under ss 22 or
23 of the IAA would fall within the ambit of the phrase even though there is
no connection whatsoever with any international arbitration.

8 The corollary to the foregoing is that a proceeding based on some other
cause of action also does not qualify as a proceeding under the IAA. Indeed,
some statutes make reference to proceedings under the relevant act as well as
proceedings under the relevant subsidiary legislation, eg, “any proceedings
under this Act or any subsidiary legislation made thereunder” (ss 53(1) and
54(1), Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed)) and “any proceedings under this Act or
the regulations” (s 57(5), Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008 Rev Ed)). These
provisions indicate that the phrase “proceedings under this Act” does not
include proceedings under the relevant subsidiary legislation made under the
relevant act. A fortiori, the phrase does not include proceedings based on
some other cause of action. Indeed, this interpretation is made even more
evident when one considers s 19 of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“MVA”), which reads as follows:

Public Trustee may appear in court

19. The Public Trustee shall have the right to appear and be heard in a court in any proceedings under this Act or in relation to any claim or action for damages for the death or bodily injury of any person arising out of the use of a motor vehicle.

In this provision, express provision is made for proceedings “in relation to
any claim or action for damages for the death or bodily injury of any person
arising out of the use of a motor vehicle”. This means that such proceedings,
which are based on a cause of action that does not arise from the MVA, are not
covered by the phrase “proceedings under this Act”. These examples show that
Parliament would have been explicit if it had intended for ss 22 and 23 of the
IAA to cover proceedings based on some other cause of action.

9 In the present case, therefore, the issue was whether the Suit was a
proceeding under the IAA. It was clear to me that it was not. [BBW]’s claim
against [BBX] in the Suit essentially concerns the enforcement of the
Indemnity Agreement and is, for this reason, a claim in contract. I was
therefore of the view that the Suit was not a proceeding under the IAA.
Accordingly, [BBW]’s applications could not have been granted pursuant to ss
22 and 23 of the IAA.

10 However, counsel pointed me to the decision in AZT and others v AZV [2012]
3 SLR 794 (“AZT”). In that case, the High Court granted an application to seal
the court documents in an originating summons action which concerned the
apportionment of liability between co-respondents in a Singapore arbitration.
In support of his contention that an application for a sealing order may be
made under s 23 of the IAA, counsel pointed to [17] of the judgment, which
reads as follows:

While the present OS action is not an interlocutory application, it is a
chambers proceeding which is heard “otherwise than in open court” pursuant to
s 22 of the IAA: the sealing of court documents would thus be “a less
significant intrusion” into the principle of open justice.

11 Counsel submitted that [17] of AZT suggests that the court had considered
the application to be one under s 23 of the IAA. Such a view also appears to
be shared by Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC (“Prof Pinsler”) in Principles of Civil
Procedure (Academy Publishing, 2013) (at para 21.033).

12 However, a closer reading of AZT indicates that this is not the case.
First, there is nothing on the face of the summons filed in AZT (ie, Summons
No 2037 of 2012) which indicates that the application was taken out pursuant
to s 23 of the IAA. Second, the analysis in AZT did not consider the wording
of s 23 of the IAA. This would have been done if the court had considered that
it was dealing with an application under this provision. Third, although the
cause of action in AZT is not immediately clear from the decision, the
originating summons action concerned the apportionment of liability and, more
specifically, the issue of contribution, and it is difficult to envisage how
this could have been a proceeding under the IAA. Fourth, it also appeared to
me that s 23 of the IAA is not a provision that provides for the sealing of
court documents (see the elaboration on this point at [15]–[18] below), and
the court therefore could not have granted the application pursuant to this
provision. For these reasons, it was plain to me that AZT is not a case where
a sealing order was granted pursuant to s 23 of the IAA.

13 In fact, the analysis in AZT, which weighed the need for open justice
against the need to preserve the confidentiality of the arbitration in
question, clearly shows that the court had proceeded on the basis that the
application was based on the court’s inherent power to grant a sealing order
(see the elaboration on this point at [21]–[30] below). In fact, the reference
to ss 22 and 23 of the IAA in AZT (at [13]) was made as evidence of the public
policy of keeping arbitrations confidential. The court had stated (at [13])
that ss 22 and 23 of the IAA “reflect the public policy of keeping
arbitrations, and all proceedings related to arbitration, confidential”.

14 In my view, therefore, AZT is a case where a sealing order was granted
pursuant to the court’s inherent power to do so and not s 23 of the IAA. In so
far as [BBW] had based the Sealing Order Application on this provision, such
reliance was misplaced.

The purport of ss 22 and 23 of the IAA

15 The foregoing is sufficient to explain why [BBW]’s applications could not
be made under ss 22 and 23 of the IAA. However, it might be useful to set out
my observations on the purport of ss 22 and 23 of the IAA.

16 Under s 22 of the IAA, a party to proceedings under the IAA has the right
to an order for such proceedings to be heard “otherwise than in open court”.
The provision clearly states that such an order “shall”, on the application of
any party, be made. It is also clear that other parties to the proceedings
have no right to object. So long as one party applies for it, the order must
be given. This indicates a strong policy intent of privacy in proceedings
under the IAA and, inferentially, proceedings in any international
arbitration.

17 Where an order under s 22 of the IAA has been made, the proceedings are
ordered to be heard “otherwise than in open court” and s 23 of the IAA is then
applicable by virtue of s 23(1) of the IAA. Section 23(2) of the IAA states
that a court hearing any proceedings to which the section applies shall, on
the application of any party to the proceedings, “give directions as to
whether any and, if so, what information relating to the proceedings may be
published”. This means that once an order has been obtained under s 22 of the
IAA, the default position is that there is to be no publication of any
information relating to the proceedings. What s 23(2) of the IAA does is to
allow a party to make an application if he wants to publish any such
information. The conditions for publication are then prescribed in s 23(3) of
the IAA.

18 Thus, leaving aside s 23(4) of the IAA (which was irrelevant to the present
case), s 23 of the IAA is a provision for the court to permit the publication
of information relating to the proceedings. It is not a provision under which
a party may obtain an order to seal court documents and records and to
withhold access by third parties to those documents and records. Therefore, s
23 of the IAA was not relevant to the Sealing Order Application by [BBW].

The grounds for granting the applications

19 As stated at [1] above, the second ground for [BBW]’s applications was
based on the court’s inherent jurisdiction. Before proceeding further, I
should state this was somewhat of a misnomer. In Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario
[2013] 3 SLR 258 (“Nalpon”), the Court of Appeal clarified (at [32]) that the
jurisdiction of a court and the powers of a court are “two distinct and
entirely different concepts”. The jurisdiction of a court is “its authority,
however derived, to hear and determine a dispute that is brought before it”,
whereas the powers of a court “constitute its capacity to give effect to its
determination by making or granting the orders or reliefs sought by the
successful party to the dispute” (Muhd Munir v Noor Hidah and other
applications [1990] 2 SLR(R) 348 at [19] cited in Nalpon at [31]). The Court
of Appeal in Nalpon further exhorted (at [41]) that in the interests of
conceptual clarity, it would be preferable to refer to the exercise of the
right to regulate matters properly before the court as the exercise of the
court’s inherent powers rather than its inherent jurisdiction. Given the
nature of [BBW]’s applications, it was clear to me that what [BBW] was really
relying on was the court’s inherent power.

20 To this end, and notwithstanding the non-applicability of ss 22 and 23 of
the IAA, I granted the Sealing Order Application pursuant to the court’s
inherent power to do so. As for the In Camera Hearing Application, recourse to
the court’s inherent power was not necessary in light of s 8(2) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”).

The Sealing Order Application

The court’s power to grant a sealing order

21 The sealing order is no doubt part and parcel of our civil procedure. In
Navigator Investment Services Ltd v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd [2010] 1
SLR 25 (“Navigator”), the Court of Appeal affirmed as much when it noted (at
[66]) that “[t]here are, in fact, procedures in place for the sealing of court
files”. Likewise, Prof Pinsler in Singapore Court Practice 2014 vol 2
(LexisNexis, 2014) describes the sealing order (at para 60/4/4) as “well-
established”. Yet, despite its ubiquity, the source of the court’s power to
grant a sealing order seems to be, hitherto, an open question.

22 As observed by Prof Pinsler in Singapore Court Practice 2014 vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2014) (at para 42/1/17), the sealing order is not provided for in
any statute or the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). It also
appears that no provision is made for it in the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (1 January 2013 release). Neither have our courts pronounced on
this question; indeed, it has been noted that “the legal status of [the
sealing] order in general proceedings has yet to be judicially examined”
(Singapore Court Practice 2014 vol 1 at para 42/1/17).

23 Academic writers, however, have suggested that the court has the inherent
power to grant a sealing order. In Singapore Court Practice 2014 vol 1, Prof
Pinsler takes the view (at para 42/1/17) that the court “may have the inherent
power to grant a sealing order pursuant to O 92 r 4 [of the ROC] in the
interests of justice”, although this “has yet to be declared as the juridical
basis of the remedy”. In vol 2 of the same text, Prof Pinsler argues (at para
60/4/4) that in the absence of a specific provision in the ROC, “it may be
contended that a court has the inherent power … to make a sealing order in the
interest of the administration of justice”.

24 This view is also shared by Asst Prof Goh Yihan (“Asst Prof Goh”) in his
article “The Inherent Jurisdiction and Inherent Powers of the Singapore
Courts: Rethinking the Limits of their Exercise” [2011] SJLS 178. In the
section of his article dealing with the court’s inherent procedural powers,
Asst Prof Goh observes (at p 195) that the courts have “certain inherent
procedural powers with respect to proceedings presently before them”. In the
list of sub-categories that follows, the sealing of court documents is listed
as one such power, with Navigator being cited as authority for this
proposition. However, it is not entirely clear that Navigator stands for this
proposition. In Principles of Civil Procedure, Prof Pinsler goes so far as to
say (at para 21.033) that Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, who delivered the
judgment of the Court of Appeal, did not examine the juridical basis of the
sealing order applied for in Navigator. Notwithstanding, it is possible that
Asst Prof Goh had in mind the part of the decision where the Court of Appeal
acknowledged (at [66]) the fact that an application made on the ground of
confidentiality (which the sealing order presumably is) “may be a more limited
right inasmuch as it might be denied by the court “in exercise of its inherent
jurisdiction because of the fundamental importance of the litigation””.

25 In my view, the suggestion by Prof Pinsler and Asst Prof Goh makes ample
sense, and I agreed that the court has the inherent power to grant a sealing
order.

26 First, if the sealing order is indeed an accepted part of our civil
procedure (see [21] above) and if there is indeed no statutory basis for it
(see [22] above), then it must necessarily follow that the court has the
inherent power to grant a sealing order. To conclude otherwise would lead to
the unlikely (and somewhat absurd) corollary that our courts have, through the
years, been acting ultra vires in granting sealing orders.

27 Second, the sealing order also falls within the descriptions given of the
court’s inherent power. The inherent power of the court is reflected in O 92 r
4 of the ROC, which states as follows:

Inherent powers of Court (O. 92, r. 4)

4. For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of the process of the Court.

The court’s inherent power “stems from the court’s status and role as the
adjudicating organ of the legal system” and “is to be exercised in exceptional
circumstances when there is a pressing need to ensure a just outcome”
(Principles of Civil Procedure at para 01.006). It has been said that “the
concern is with the ability of the court to make appropriate orders to ensure
the achievement of justice and the efficacy of its administration” (Singapore
Court Practice 2014 vol 1 at para 1/1/7). In the arbitration context, the
decision to grant a sealing order is made by weighing the principle of open
justice against the need to preserve confidentiality in arbitration (see [39]
below). Thus, the sealing order is fundamentally concerned with a “just
outcome” as well as the “achievement of justice and the efficacy of its
administration”. This brings it squarely within the aforementioned
descriptions of the court’s inherent power.

28 Third, the notion of the court having the inherent power to grant a sealing
order has been accepted by other courts. In The Attorney General of Nova
Scotia and Ernest Harold Grainger v Linden MacIntyre [1982] 1 SCR 175
(“MacIntyre”), the majority of the Supreme Court of Canada alluded to this
when it observed (at 189) that:

Undoubtedly every court has a supervisory and protecting power over its own
records. Access can be denied when the ends of justice would be subverted by
disclosure or the judicial documents might be used for an improper purpose. …
[emphasis added]

Admittedly, MacIntyre did not concern a sealing order. Rather, the court was
dealing with public access to search warrants and informations. However, it is
clear that the above observation by the majority of the Supreme Court of
Canada is capable of general application.

29 Indeed, numerous cases emanating from the provincial superior courts of
Canada have noted (more explicitly) that the court has the inherent power to
grant a sealing order. In R v Chan 2007 ABQB 554, the Alberta Court of Queen’s
Bench held (at [12]) that “a superior court always has jurisdiction to vary or
vacate a sealing order of its proceedings made under its inherent jurisdiction
to control its own processes”. In X. v Y. and Z. Ltd. 338 DLR (4th) 156, the
plaintiff brought an application seeking orders that in the reasons for
judgment, he and his family be referred to by initials (rather than by their
full names) and that the court file be sealed. The British Columbia Supreme
Court held (at [14]) that “[t]he court has the discretion to make the orders
sought pursuant to its inherent jurisdiction”. In Plimmer v Google Inc. 2013
BCSC 681, the plaintiff sought a temporary sealing order and publication ban
in respect of the application at hand. The British Columbia Supreme Court held
(at [84]) that “[t]he authority for making some part of these civil court
proceedings confidential, even temporarily, is the court’s inherent
jurisdiction”. In A. (A.), Re 2016 BCSC 511, the applicant sought, inter alia,
a sealing order. The British Columbia Supreme Court, citing MacIntyre, held
(at [8]) that “[t]he authority of the Court to grant a sealing order is
derived from its inherent supervisory and protecting power over its own
records”. In Fairview Donut Inc. et al. v The TDL Group Corp. et al. 100 OR
(3d) 510, the defendants sought a “confidentiality order” or sealing order,
restricting public access to certain documents, or portions of certain
documents, in their motion record on certification and summary judgment. The
Ontario Superior Court of Justice held (at [34]) that “[t]here is no doubt
that the court has inherent jurisdiction … to seal a portion of the court
file” (interestingly, the court also held that its jurisdiction to do so was
also derived from a statutory provision). Finally, in Patient 0518 v RHA 0518
2016 SKQB 175, the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s Bench held (at [6]) that
“[t]here is no question that this Court has inherent jurisdiction to grant a
sealing order”. It is true that most of these cases refer to the court’s
inherent jurisdiction rather than power. However, bearing in mind the Court of
Appeal’s observations in Nalpon (see [19] above), these cases show that the
notion of the court having the inherent power to grant a sealing order has
been accepted by other courts.

30 For the above reasons, I was of the view that the court has the inherent
power to grant a sealing order.

31 Before concluding this section, I should also set out my observations on
the relationship between the sealing order and O 60 r 4 of the ROC. The
relevant provisions in this rule read as follows:

Right to search information and inspect, etc., certain documents filed in
Registry (O. 60, r. 4)

4.—(1) Subject to any practice directions issued by the Registrar, any person
shall, on payment of the prescribed fee and without leave of the Registrar, be
entitled to search the information referred to in Rule 2.

(2) Any person may, with the leave of the Registrar and on payment of the
prescribed fee, be entitled —

(a) during office hours, at the Registry or a service bureau established under
Order 63A, to search for, inspect and take a copy of any of the documents
filed in the Registry; or

(b) to use the electronic filing service established under Order 63A to search
for and inspect any of the documents filed in the Registry during the period
permitted by the Registrar.

…

The difference between the two sub-rules is well-explained in Singapore Civil
Procedure 2016 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) (at
para 60/4/2):

… Under r.4(1), any person who wishes to search the information maintained by
the Registry may do so without leave of court, upon payment of the prescribed
fee. However, under r.4(2), if a person wishes to search, inspect or copy any
document filed in the Registry, he may do so only with leave of the Registrar,
and upon payment of the prescribed fee. … [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

32 Prof Pinsler has argued in Principles of Civil Procedure (at para 21.033)
that the sealing order “has the effect of directing the registrar not to give
leave under Order 60 rule 4(2) [of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed)] to a member of the public to inspect or take a copy of the sealed
document”. I pause to note that there is a difference in wording in the older
version of the Rules of Court referred to by Prof Pinsler, but this is
inconsequential for present purposes. The point I make here is that while Prof
Pinsler may well be correct, his argument should not be read as suggesting
that the question of leave under O 60 r 4(2) of the ROC is answered solely
with reference to the existence or otherwise of a sealing order. In Tan Chi
Min v The Royal Bank of Scotland plc [2013] 4 SLR 529, I had (at [33])
discharged the sealing order in question but nevertheless held that access to
the affidavits of evidence-in-chief and other affidavits filed would only be
available to the public after they had been admitted as evidence in a hearing,
whether in open court or in chambers. This shows that the question of leave in
O 60 r 4(2) of the ROC is independent from the existence or otherwise of a
sealing order. Of course, no leave should be granted if there is a sealing
order in place. However, it does not follow that leave should always be
granted just because there is no subsisting sealing order.

The present case

33 Returning to the present case, [BBW] first argued that the Sealing Order
Application was consistent with the public policy in Singapore of keeping
arbitrations confidential. The existence of such a public policy is not
controversial. In AZT, the court referred (at [13]) to the decision in AAY v
AAZ [2011] 1 SLR 1093 (“AAY”) as well as ss 22 and 23 of the IAA. These
references demonstrate that the public policy of keeping arbitrations
confidential has been affirmed by both the courts as well as Parliament.

34 In AAY, the court referred (at [56]) to “the underlying general principle
in Singapore’s arbitration law that arbitrations are not only private but also
confidential” [emphasis in original]. As for ss 22 and 23 of the IAA, these
have already been set out at [6] above and the public policy of keeping
arbitrations confidential is well evident from these provisions. For instance,
as stated at [16] above, s 22 of the IAA mandates (as can be seen from the
word “shall”) that proceedings under the IAA be heard “otherwise than in open
court” on the application of any party to the proceedings. Furthermore, as
stated at [17] above, once an order has been obtained under s 22 of the IAA,
the default position is one of non-publication. It also appears that the
threshold for publication pursuant to s 23(2) of the IAA is not easily
crossed. Under s 23(3) of the IAA, a court can only permit information to be
published if all parties agree that such information may be published or if
publication of such information would not reveal any matter that any party
reasonably wishes to remain confidential.

35 [BBW] pointed out that he was likely to rely on facts and/or documents
relating to the Arbitration for the purposes of the Suit, including the cause
papers and evidence filed in the Arbitration. It was also likely that facts
and/or documents relating to the Arbitration would be referred to in, inter
alia, the statement of claim in the Suit, as well as in the cause papers
and/or further documents that had been or were to be filed in the Suit.

36 I agreed that the public policy of keeping arbitrations confidential
applied in the present case. I was aware that [BBX], [BBY] (the second
defendant) and [BBZ] (the third defendant) were not parties to the
Arbitration, which was between [C] and [BBW]. This made the present case
somewhat different from AZT, where the parties were co-respondents in the
arbitration. However, I did not think that this made any difference in the
circumstances of the present case. It is clear that there is a considerable
overlap in the facts of the Suit and the Arbitration. In particular, [BBW]
claims in the Suit that the consideration for the Indemnity Agreement was
[BBW] agreeing to defend [C]’s claim in the Arbitration, inter alia, on the
basis that the shares in question were beneficially owned by [B] and not [C].
Consequently, the evidence adduced in the Suit would, in the absence of a
sealing order, doubtlessly compromise the confidentiality of the Arbitration.

37 [BBW] further argued that there was nothing to indicate that there was a
legitimate public interest in not sealing the court file. The court in AZT
pointed out (at [18]) that many of the relevant authorities had dealt with
judgments and the need to make judgments dealing with challenges to arbitral
awards public. This was to be differentiated from the sealing of court
documents, which would not stifle the development of arbitration jurisprudence
in Singapore. The court in AZT then went on to find (at [19]) that there was
also no legitimate public interest in the subject matter of the dispute, as
the dispute between the parties was purely commercial, with nothing to suggest
that there was any countervailing and legitimate public interest weighing in
favour of disclosure. Accordingly, there was no reason to compromise the
confidentiality of the arbitration and related proceedings.

38 In the present case, the Sealing Order Application had to do with the
sealing of court documents. Just as in AZT, there was no concern over the
stifling of the development of arbitration jurisprudence in Singapore. As
regards the subject matter of the dispute, the Suit essentially concerns the
Indemnity Agreement, which is, for all intents and purposes, a private
contractual arrangement. As was the case in AZT, there was nothing to suggest
that there was any countervailing and legitimate public interest weighing in
favour of disclosure.

39 In deciding whether to grant a sealing order, the principle of open justice
has to be weighed against the need to preserve confidentiality in arbitration,
with the latter being an important factor in the court’s exercise of
discretion (AZT at [14]). On the present facts, I was of the view that the
principle of open justice did not outweigh the need to preserve the
confidentiality of the Arbitration. I therefore granted the Sealing Order
Application accordingly.

The In Camera Hearing Application

40 As for the In Camera Hearing Application, the power to grant such an order
is provided for by s 8(2) of the SCJA, which reads as follows:

(2) The court shall have power to hear any matter or proceedings or any part
thereof in camera if the court is satisfied that it is expedient in the
interests of justice, public safety, public security or propriety, or for
other sufficient reason to do so.

41 This provision vests the court with a “broad discretion” (Principles of
Civil Procedure at para 20.003). I was of the view that this discretion should
be exercised in the present case. For the reasons set out at [33]–[39] above,
it was “expedient in the interests of justice” for proceedings brought by way
of the Suit to be held in camera. Alternatively, these same reasons amounted
to a “sufficient reason” for this to be the case.

Conclusion

42 In the circumstances, I granted the Sealing Order Application pursuant to
the court’s inherent power to do so and the In Camera Hearing Application
pursuant to s 8(2) of the SCJA. Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA were
inapplicable in the present case as the Suit was not a proceeding under the
IAA. In addition, s 23 of the IAA was also not relevant to what was sought by
the Sealing Order Application. I ordered that the costs of and occasioned by
the summons be costs in the cause.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Tan Tian Yi and Han Guangyuan, Keith (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the plaintiff.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

