Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 142

Suit No 99 of 2014

Between

(1)| Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Qingjian Group Co., Ltd  
(3)| Qingjian Realty (South Pacific) Group Pte. Ltd.  
(4)| Du Bo  
(5)| Yuan Hong Jun  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Goh Teck Beng  
---|---  
(2)| Ng Teck Chuan  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Corporate plaintiff] — [Trading or business
reputation]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Defamatory meaning]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Justification]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Publication] — [Internet defamation]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Publication] — [Print media]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Publication] — [Publication in jurisdiction] — [Abuse
of process]

[Tort] — [Defamation] — [Reference]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co, Ltd and others

  
v

  

Goh Teck Beng and another

[2016] SGHC 142

High Court — Suit No 99 of 2014  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
15–18, 22–23, 25, 29–30 September; 1–2, 6–7 October 2015; 17 March 2016

21 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This action concerns defamatory material in the print media and on the
Internet. The Internet defamation in the present case involves 12 articles
posted on several foreign websites (“the Online Articles”). Separately, two
articles with content similar to the Online Articles were published in Taiwan
on 29 November 2013 in two newspapers (“the News Articles”). Both liability
and damages are in issue.

2 At its forefront, the Internet defamation in the present case underscores
the anonymity the Internet provides to the Internet user who generates
material and posts them on websites. This represents the “dark side” of
Internet anonymity. As observed in Matthew Collins, The Law of Defamation and
the Internet (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2010) (“Collins”) (at para
5.63):

Internet users can, if they so desire, publish defamatory material to the
world at large with little or no risk of being identified or traced. Web-based
services enable e-mail accounts to be freely opened in false names or ‘noms de
web’. Material can be posted anonymously to bulletin boards, forums, or web
sites from Internet cafés, where users pay a small fee for access to a
computer which cannot be traced back to them. Many companies, particular in
the United States, offer web hosting services which enable Internet users to
establish and maintain web sites without having to disclose their true names
or addresses.

…

3 Any legal measure taken in response to those who knowingly publish false and
defamatory information on the Internet, at least for now in Singapore, is
confined to the Defamation Act (Cap 75, 2014 Rev Ed) and the common law
principles concerning defamation. The element of publication in the law of
defamation is bilateral. Consequently, publication in the context of the
Internet involves two components. The first component of Internet publication
has to do with the identity of the publisher. In the present case, therefore,
there must be proof of the identity of the Internet user as well as that of
the uploading or posting of the Online Articles, and this has to lead to the
defendants. The plaintiffs, however, do not rely on electronic evidence to
trace the publication of the Online Articles to the defendants. The absence of
such evidence means that the publisher of the Online Articles has not been
identified and remains anonymous. Thus, an issue for determination in this
judgment is whether the publication element in defamation law can be inferred
from the circumstances of the case. This judgment will examine whether, in the
absence of direct electronic evidence to prove Internet publication, the
plaintiffs have met the requisite civil standard of proof based on
predominantly circumstantial evidence. Besides the quality of the
circumstantial evidence, an examination of the nature and quality of a so-
called admission by the second defendant, to the effect that the defendants
are responsible for posting the Online Articles on the Internet, is required.

4 Posting or uploading material on the Internet alone does not constitute
publication for the purpose of Internet defamation. The second component of
publication for the purpose of Internet defamation requires proof to the
requisite civil standard that the offending material was downloaded from a web
server by third party readers in Singapore. There is no presumption that
material placed on a generally-accessible website has been published to a
substantial number of persons (whether within the jurisdiction or elsewhere).
In this case, the plaintiffs have limited their claims to publication of the
Online Articles in Singapore. It is common ground that Internet defamation
occurs in the jurisdiction where the impugned articles are downloaded and read
by a third party. In this sense, publication and jurisdiction are linked and
will be examined together.

5 These aspects of the present case are what set it apart from most other
local cases where the identity of the Internet user who posts the offending
material is not in dispute. Examples include Lee Hsien Loong v Roy Ngerng Yi
Ling [2014] SGHC 230 and Attorney-General v Au Wai Pang [2015] 2 SLR 352 (and
the decision on appeal in Au Wai Pang v Attorney-General [2016] 1 SLR 992),
where the defendants were the owners and writers of the blogs where the
offensive articles were posted and indisputably downloaded by a number of
third party readers in Singapore.

6 In brief, the main legal issue on liability for defamation in the present
case is whether the defendants are responsible for the various defamatory
publications in the print media and on the Internet. The defendants deny
publication of the offensive material and, in so far as the Online Articles
are concerned, urge the dismissal of the action in accordance with the abuse
of process principles enunciated in Jameel (Yousef) v Dow Jones & Co Inc
[2005] QB 946 (“Jameel”). If the defendants’ submissions on publication are
accepted, they would be dispositive of the whole case. It is only if the
question of publication is answered in favour of the plaintiffs that the other
elements that make up the tort of defamation – that the publication refers to
the plaintiffs and conveys the pleaded defamatory meanings – need to be
determined and, after liability is prima facie established, the defence of
justification and the question of damages arise for consideration. This
judgment will adopt the approach outlined.

7 The plaintiffs have filed a separate cause of action in conspiracy, but this
is not strenuously pursued. This is not surprising since the outcome of their
conspiracy claim is very much dependent on proof of the same facts needed to
support the defamation claim.

The parties

8 The first plaintiff, Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd (“P1”), is a
company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and was
established in 1998 under the name Qingdao Century Decoration Co., Ltd. At all
material times, P1 was and is in the business of construction and real estate
development.

9 The second plaintiff, Qingjian Group Co., Ltd (“P2”), is a company
established in 1952 in the PRC. It was formerly known as Qingdao Construction
Group Corporation. At all material times, P2 was and is in the business of
construction, real estate development, capital management, logistics and
design consulting. P2 was previously a state-owned enterprise but has since
become privatised.

10 The third plaintiff, Qingjian Realty (South Pacific) Group Pte. Ltd.
(“P3”), is a company registered in Singapore in 2011. At all material times,
P3 was and is in the business of building and construction, and has completed
a number of projects in Singapore ranging from residential, civil engineering,
commercial and institutional to industrial projects.

11 The fourth plaintiff, Du Bo (“P4”), is a Singapore Permanent Resident who
was and is at all material times a director of P1, P2 and P3.

12 The fifth plaintiff, Yuan Hong Jun (“P5”), is a citizen of the PRC who was
and is at all material times the Chairman of P1.

13 The first defendant, Goh Teck Beng (“D1”), is a Singapore citizen and is
the cousin of the second defendant, Ng Teck Chuan (“D2”), who is also a
Singapore citizen.

14 The plaintiffs are represented by Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee”). Mr Quek
Mong Hua (“Mr Quek”) represented the defendants.

The plaintiffs’ pleaded case

15 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that in or around 2002, P1 and P2 began
developing various residential projects in the PRC with HuanYu (Qingdao)
Development Co., Ltd (“HuanYu”). HuanYu is a joint venture company originally
formed by Grandlink Group Pte Ltd (“Grandlink”) and Qingdao High-tech
Industrial Park Economic Development and Investment Company. HuanYu’s first
director is one Goh Chin Soon (“Goh”), a Singaporean who is the uncle of both
D1 and D2. Goh holds indirect shareholding interests in HuanYu through his
majority shareholding in Grandlink. Goh remains a director and general manager
of HuanYu and the chairman and legal representative of a related entity,
HuanYu Marina City (Qingdao) Development Co., Ltd (“HuanYu Marina”). It is
further contended that D1 is also a shareholder of Grandlink and a director of
HuanYu and HuanYu Marina. In or around 2007, HuanYu and P1 and/or P2 and their
respective related entities became embroiled in a number of lawsuits which
were commenced against HuanYu and HuanYu Marina (collectively, “the HuanYu
Group”) in relation to a number of construction projects in the PRC. As of the
date of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), the total debt owed by the
HuanYu Group to P1 and P2 and their related and/or affiliated companies
(collectively, “the Qingjian Group”) was approximately RMB 560 million. The
plaintiffs plead that against the backdrop of the bitter legal disputes
between the Qingjian Group and the HuanYu Group, D1 and Goh began publishing a
number of defamatory articles pertaining to the plaintiffs, which have been
posted on a number of websites and online forums. I pause to note at this
juncture that according to the defendants’ computer forensic expert, Peter
James Alfred Moore (“Moore”), the hosting location of these websites and
online forums were, at the time of his report, in China, Hong Kong and the
United States. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, p 25.

16 As stated, the plaintiffs’ first claim is in defamation. It is pleaded that
in or around the period 21 to 22 November 2013, Xu Bin, the Chief Executive
Officer of P2, had, through searches conducted on a number of search engines,
discovered approximately 15,000 search results of online articles which were
defamatory of the plaintiffs. Xu Bin subsequently wrote to the websites to ask
that the defamatory articles to be taken down. Most of the websites responded
by removing and/or deleting the defamatory articles. However, despite these
measures, various online articles could still be accessed on the World Wide
Web. The present suit concerns a total of 12 online articles (ie, the Online
Articles) which were posted on various websites and which contain untrue,
scurrilous and defamatory statements which disparage the character and/or
damage the reputation of the plaintiffs. The title and the search terms used
to locate the Online Articles, as well as the website links/URLs at which the
Online Articles appear, are set out in the following table:

Article| Title| Search terms used| Website links/URLs  
---|---|---|---  
1| “Du Bo, Yuan Hong Jun used two channels and double identities to siphon off
state assets”| Not pleaded|  
2| “Using Two Paths and Double Identity, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun Embezzled
State-owned Assets”| “Du Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”| Similar articles at:
tid-1695489.html>  
3| “Shandong Largest State-owned Asset Embezzlement Case Since Founding”| “Du
Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”;“Qingdao Bohai”and“Du Bo”|  
4| “Migrating to Singapore Disclosure of the Story Behind Privatization of
State-owned Enterprise and Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets”| “Du
Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”|  
5| “Disclosure of the Story behind Privatization of State-owned Enterprise and
Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets!”| “Du Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”|  
6| “Using Two Paths and Double Identity, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun Embezzled
State-owned Assets”| “Du Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”|  
7| “Disclosure of the Story behind Privatization of State-owned Enterprise and
Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets”| “Du Bo”and“Yuan Hong Jun”|  
8| “Du Bo Is the Legal Representative of the Newly Structured Qingjian Group
Co., Ltd”| “Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd”and“Du Bo”;“Qingdao
Bohai”and“Du Bo”|  
9| “Shandong Largest State-owned Asset Embezzlement Case since Founding of the
Country”| “Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd”and“Du Bo”| Similar
articles at: .com/read.php?tid-50706.html>  
10| “Shandong Largest State-owned Asset Embezzlement Case since Founding of
the Country”| “Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd”and“Yuan Hong Jun”|  
11| “Disclosure of the Story of Privatization of State-owned Enterprise and
Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets”| “Qingdao Bohai”and“Du Bo”|  
12| “Disclosure of the Story behind Privatization of State-owned Enterprise
and Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets!”| “Qingdao Bohai”and“Yuan Hong
Jun”|  
  
17 At the time of the filing of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2),
Articles 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 remained accessible, while
Articles 1 and 6 were no longer accessible. A number of the Online Articles
(viz, Articles 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12) were published in the name of
D2. I pause here to note that by the time of Moore’s report, fewer articles
were accessible. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, para 27.

18 The plaintiffs plead that:

(a) various statements in Articles 1, 3, 9 and 10 are defamatory of all five
plaintiffs;

(b) various statements in Article 2 are defamatory of P1, P2, P4 and P5; and

(c) various statements in Articles 4, 5, 7, 8, 11 and 12 are defamatory of all
five plaintiffs.

19 The plaintiffs further plead that pursuant to and in furtherance of D1 and
D2 acting jointly or severally, the defamatory words in the Online Articles
were transmitted and/or caused to be transmitted and published by D1 and D2
and/or published by agents procured by D1 and/or D2 on the World Wide Web.
Furthermore, D1 and D2 knew and intended that the Online Articles would be
republished and/or that such republication was the natural and probable
consequence of D1 and D2’s publication of the Online Articles on the World
Wide Web.

20 The plaintiffs plead that by reason of the publication of the Online
Articles, the plaintiffs have had their reputation lowered in the estimation
of right thinking members of the public. As for the alleged defamatory
meanings of the Online Articles, they are described in the pleadings and are
set out in Annex B of this judgment. For a quick appreciation of the
defamatory meanings, it is useful to refer to paragraph 7 of the plaintiffs’
closing submissions which reads as follows:

… the offending articles allege explicitly various acts of criminal and
unlawful conduct, corruption, abuse of position and dishonesty on the part of
[P4 and P5]. They also allege that [P1, P2 and P3] have been mismanaged or
manipulated by [P4 and P5], or that they have had their assets misappropriated
or misused by [P4 and P5]. They further allege that [P1, P2 and P3] have been
used by [P4 and P5] to implement a grand elaborate scheme of misappropriating
state-owned assets.

21 Separately, two newspaper articles (ie, the News Articles) with content
similar to the Online Articles were published in Taiwan on 29 November 2013 in
two newspapers. The News Articles were sent by courier to United Overseas Bank
Limited (“UOB Bank”) on or about 23 December 2013 and to Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Bank (“OCBC Bank”) in or around end-December 2013. The
plaintiffs plead that it is probable that the News Articles were sent to UOB
Bank and OCBC Bank by D1 and/or D2 jointly or severally, or that either or
both the defendants had procured a third party to do so.

22 In addition to their claim in defamation, the plaintiffs also bring two
alternative claims in conspiracy. In their claim for conspiracy by unlawful
means, the plaintiffs plead that D1 and D2 had wrongfully, dishonestly and
with intent to injure all or some of the plaintiffs by unlawful means,
conspired and combined together to defame the plaintiffs. In their claim for
conspiracy by lawful means, the plaintiffs plead that D1 and D2 had conspired
and combined together wrongfully and with the sole or predominant intention of
injuring the plaintiffs and/or causing loss to the plaintiffs by damaging or
destroying the reputation and business interests of the plaintiffs.

23 I pause at this juncture to mention that the plaintiffs’ closing
submissions and evidence make reference to other online articles on 38 unique
websites containing content similar to the Online Articles. Significantly,
though, this is not precisely pleaded and, for this reason, I shall say no
more about these 38 articles.

The defendants’ pleaded case

24 The defendants deny that they published the News Articles and the Online
Articles. They plead that in or around October/November 2013, D1 had submitted
an online report to the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the
Communist Party of the PRC (“CCDI”) through the official website of the CCDI.
The CCDI is the body within the PRC government charged with rooting out
corruption and malfeasance among party cadres. D1 had, with the prior consent
of D2, used D2’s name and NRIC number in the online report (“the CCDI
report”). This was because D1 travelled frequently to the PRC and was
concerned for his personal safety. The CCDI report concerned the conduct of
P2, its group of related companies, and P4 and P5 generally, but did not
contain all the details alleged in the Online Articles. D1 does not have a
copy of the CCDI report as it had been submitted online directly through the
CCDI website.

25 In addition, the defendants deny that the Online Articles had been
published in Singapore. The defendants’ other denial relates to the
plaintiffs’ plea that various statements in Articles 1, 3, 9 and 10 as well as
Articles 4, 5, 7, 8, 11 and 12 were defamatory of, and had referred to, P3.
(Article 2 is not averred to in the pleadings to be defamatory of P3, while
Article 6 was no longer accessible at the time of the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 2) (see [31] below).) Furthermore, the defendants deny that the
Online Articles contained statements that meant and/or were understood to bear
and/or were capable of bearing the meanings pleaded by the plaintiffs, or any
defamatory meaning.

26 The defendants plead that if and in so far as the statements in the Online
Articles meant and/or were understood to bear the meanings pleaded by the
plaintiffs, they were true in substance and in fact. In this regard, relying
on the defence of justification, the defendants plead that P4 and P5 had
deliberately and systematically misappropriated the state-owned assets of P2
through various complicated schemes and a web of companies including: (a) P1
and P2; (b) Shandong Haiwei Real Estate Co., Ltd. (“Shandong Haiwei”) and
Shanghai Heliyuan Investment Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Heliyuan”); and (c) Guoqing
Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (“Guoqing”).

27 As for the News Articles, the defendants deny that they had jointly or
severally sent the News Articles to UOB Bank or OCBC Bank, or had procured a
third party to do so. They plead that the contents of the News Articles are
not similar to the Online Articles published in the name of D2.

28 Finally, the defendants deny that there was any conspiracy as pleaded by
the plaintiffs.

The parties’ agreement

29 Following the close of the trial, parties reached an agreement on a number
of points concerning the Online Articles and the News Articles.

30 With regard to the Online Articles, the plaintiffs and defendants agreed
that they shall be grouped into the following three categories, and that the
contents and meaning of the articles within each category shall be deemed to
be the same:

Category| Articles  
---|---  
A| Articles 1, 3, 9 and 10(with Article 1 being the representative article)  
B| Article 2  
C| Articles 4, 5, 7, 8, 11 and 12(with Article 4 being the representative
article)  
  
31 So as not to unduly lengthen this judgment, I have annexed the substantive
portions of the plaintiffs’ English translation of Articles 1, 2 and 4 as
Annex A to this judgment. I note that Article 6 was not within the scope of
the parties’ agreement, and this was probably because Article 6 was no longer
accessible and its precise contents could not be retrieved. Indeed, there is
no substantive content to Article 6 in the parties’ Agreed Bundle. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB186.

There is only a message that states “Sorry, this topic does not exist or has
been removed or is being assessed”. I also note that the plaintiffs’ claim
concerning Article 6 is based on an extract of Article 6 which remains visible
from a Google search and which appears to be replicated from Article 2.

32 As regards the News Articles, the plaintiffs and defendants agreed that
they shall be deemed to bear the same meaning as the articles in Categories A
and C.

33 In addition, the plaintiffs and defendants also agreed on the following:

(a) that the Online Articles and the News Articles shall be deemed to refer to
P1 and P2; and

(b) that the Online Articles and the News Articles shall be deemed to refer
to, and be defamatory of, P4 and P5.

The defendants in their closing submissions argue that the concession in (b)
applies to only some but not every defamatory meaning pleaded by the
plaintiffs. As I see it, this reservation does not assist the defendants.

Law of defamation: relevant principles

34 There are three requirements that the plaintiffs have to prove to establish
the defendants’ liability for defamation: (a) the defendants must have
published the material to a third party; (b) the material must refer to the
plaintiffs; and (c) the material must be defamatory of the plaintiffs (Gary
Chan Kok Yew, The Law of Torts in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2nd Ed, 2016)
(“Gary Chan”) at para 12.010; Gatley on Libel and Slander (Alastair Mullis &
Richard Parkes eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2013) (“Gatley”) at para 6.1).
If all the three requirements are proved to the requisite standard of proof
(ie, the balance of probabilities), the defendants may then raise one or more
defences, including the defence of justification, to defeat the plaintiffs’
prima facie cause of action in defamation (Gary Chan at para 13.001).

35 The main issue with the Online Articles as well as the News Articles in the
present case is the publication element in the law of defamation. Generally,
in order to prove that the defendant published the offending material, the
plaintiff must establish that the defendant has, by any act, conveyed or
communicated the material to at least one other person who has received it. As
can be seen from the legal meaning here, publication for the purposes of the
law of defamation is bilateral in nature. In Golden Season Pte Ltd and others
v Kairos Singapore Holdings Pte Ltd and another [2015] 2 SLR 751, the High
Court cited (at [54]) Dow Jones & Company Inc v Gutnick (2002) 201 CLR 575
(“Gutnick”) (at [26]) for the proposition that publication is a bilateral act.
Therefore, publication has two components: (a) an act that makes the
defamatory material available to a third party in a comprehensible form (“the
first component”); and (b) the receipt of the information by a third party in
such a way that it is understood (“the second component”) (Wayne Crookes and
West Coast Title Search Ltd. v Jon Newton [2011] 3 SCR 269 at [55]). As the
plaintiffs have brought the present suit in Singapore, it is also necessary
for the publication to have occurred within Singapore (Doris Chia & Rueben
Mathiavaranam, Evans on Defamation in Singapore and Malaysia (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2008) (“Evans”) at p 59).

36 To satisfy the requirements of the first component of publication in the
context of Internet defamation, the plaintiff must establish, on the balance
of probabilities, that the defendant as the Internet user had uploaded or
posted the material on the Internet. In this sense, by uploading or posting
the material on the Internet, the defendant had made the offending material
available to a third party. This is the first component of publication.

37 However, uploading or posting the material on the Internet alone is not
publication for the purpose of the law of defamation. As observed in Collins
(at para 5.04):

…

Where, however, an e-mail message has not been read by any person other than
its author and the defamed person, or a web page, although technically
accessible, has not been visited by any person other than its author and the
defamed person, then publication will not have occurred ...

…

[emphasis added]

38 This leads me to the second component of publication, which requires the
plaintiff to establish, on the balance of probabilities, that a third party
reader downloaded the material in Singapore. As noted in Collins (at para
5.05):

The claimant bears the burden of establishing publication. That burden can be
discharged directly, by proving that at least one person, other than the
claimant, saw, read, or heard the communication. In appropriate cases it may
also be proved indirectly, by an inference that publication must have
occurred. There is, however, no presumption of law that matter appearing on
the Internet has been published. There must be a substratum of fact to support
an inference of publication. It is not sufficient for the purposes of proving
publication for a claimant simply to allege that defamatory matter was posted
on the Internet and was accessible in the jurisdiction of the court. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

39 In Ng Koo Kay Benedict and another v Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd
[2010] 2 SLR 860 (“Benedict Ng”), the High Court cited (at [26]) two cases –
one from Australia and the other from England – on Internet publication for
the purpose of defamation law. The cases are Gutnick and Godfrey v Demon
Internet Ltd [2001] QB 201. As explained by Gleeson CJ, McHugh, Gummow and
Hayne JJ in Gutnick (at [44]):

In defamation, the same considerations that require rejection of locating the
tort by reference only to the publisher's conduct, lead to the conclusion
that, ordinarily, defamation is to be located at the place where the damage to
reputation occurs. Ordinarily that will be where the material which is alleged
to be defamatory is available in comprehensible form assuming, of course, that
the person defamed has in that place a reputation which is thereby damaged. It
is only when the material is in comprehensible form that the damage to
reputation is done and it is damage to reputation which is the principal focus
of defamation, not any quality of the defendant's conduct. In the case of
material on the World Wide Web, it is not available in comprehensible form
until downloaded on to the computer of a person who has used a web browser to
pull the material from the web server. It is where that person downloads the
material that the damage to reputation may be done. Ordinarily then, that will
be the place where the tort of defamation is committed. [emphasis added]

40 In Al Amoudi v Brisard and another [2007] 1 WLR 113 (cited with approval in
Benedict Ng at [27] and Zhu Yong Zhen v AIA Singapore Pte Ltd and another
[2013] 2 SLR 478 at [44]), the English High Court held (at [32]–[37]) that
following the general rule of publication, there was no presumption of law
that there had been substantial publication and the plaintiff bore the burden
of proving that the material in question had been accessed and downloaded.

41 To summarise, publication on the Internet can be proved either directly or
indirectly. There is no presumption of law that material appearing on the
Internet has been published, and it is therefore insufficient for a plaintiff
to simply allege that the defamatory material was posted on the Internet and
was accessible in Singapore. The second component of the element of
publication has to be satisfied.

The News Articles

42 I propose to first deal with the News Articles as this is a discrete point
that can be disposed of fairly quickly. The plaintiffs’ claim as regards the
News Articles does not pertain to the publication of the News Articles per se,
since these were published in Taiwan. Rather, the plaintiffs’ claim appears to
be that it was D1 and/or D2 who had republished the News Articles by having
couriered them to UOB Bank and OCBC Bank. In their closing submissions, the
plaintiffs also refer to the News Articles having been sent to the Bank of
China and one Xu Zhengpeng’s evidence to this effect. But this allegation is
not pleaded in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) and, for this reason
alone, I do not have to consider it.

43 Generally, liability for defamation may arise when the defendant
deliberately draws the attention of others to an existing libel (Gatley at
para 6.12). Thus, to succeed in their claim, the plaintiffs have to show that
the defendants are responsible for drawing the attention of UOB Bank and OCBC
Bank to the News Articles. No evidence has been adduced as to how the News
Articles got to OCBC Bank. There is only one courier slip before this court.
The plaintiffs argue that the courier slip in question is evidence of
publication to UOB Bank. They claim that: (a) the News Articles were sent to
UOB Bank in Singapore on or about 23 December 2013; and (b) the courier slip
was marked for the attention of one Mr Willie Cheng, a member of UOB Bank’s
senior management. The plaintiffs rely on Gatley (at para 6.22) for the
proposition that evidence that a libellous letter was sent through post
constitutes prima facie evidence of publication to the person the letter was
addressed to.

44 In my view, this proposition does not assist the plaintiffs on the facts of
this case. The proposition being relied upon by the plaintiffs is related to
the second component of publication, namely, that a third party received and
understood the defamatory information. More to the point, the plaintiffs have
to prove that the defendants were the ones responsible for engaging the
courier to despatch the News Articles to UOB Bank and OCBC Bank. In this
regard, there is little or no direct evidence to support the element of
publication of the News Articles to UOB Bank and OCBC Bank, and I so find.

45 I now turn to what purports to be circumstantial evidence relied upon by
the plaintiffs. In the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), it
stated that it was probable that the News Articles were sent by D1 and/or D2
jointly or severally, or that either or both the defendants had procured a
third party to send the News Articles to UOB Bank and OCBC Bank, given:

(a) the fact that the content of the News Articles was similar to the Online
Articles published in the name of D2;

(b) the proximity of dates between the sending of the News Articles with the
issue of a court notice to the local authorities in the PRC, the publication
of the Online Articles and an encounter with D2 on 17 December 2013; and

(c) the use of fictitious contact details in the courier slip in relation to
the News Articles sent to UOB Bank, which shows that the sender(s) had an
ulterior motive in disguising their true identity.

46 The matters outlined in (a) to (c) are assertions or arguments, unless
there are facts in evidence upon which an inference of publication by the
defendants can be drawn. In other words, it will not suffice to merely plead
the matters in (a) to (c) as they would be no more than bare assertions. There
must be some evidence to support the matters in (a) to (c) and from which an
inference can be drawn in relation to the element of publication by the
defendants. With regard to (a), it is noteworthy that the plaintiffs’ claim
concerning the News Articles is not about the defendants’ involvement in the
publication of the News Articles per se. Without this “link”, the association
that the plaintiffs seek to derive from the alleged similarities between the
News Articles and Online Articles, in order to infer that the defendants are
responsible for sending the News Articles to UOB Bank and OCBC Bank, is
somewhat tenuous. As regards (b), the reference to the “court notice” in the
pleadings is not clear; it does not give particulars of the court notice in
question. Moreover, whether the Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEICs”)
filed by P4 and Xu Bin respectively support this averment is unclear as they
do not identify the particular court notice averred to in the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No. 2). References in the affidavits to various court notices
add to the difficulty. Equally, the encounter with D2 on 17 December 2013
(which is elaborated on below) adds nothing to the alleged “proximity” of date
argument. The date of the encounter is a neutral factor; it happened to be the
date chosen by the plaintiffs’ representatives to visit D2. As for (c), I have
already commented on the limited evidential value of the courier slip vis-à-
vis the element of publication in the law of defamation. On a separate point,
I note on the courier slip the sender’s name as “Li Li”, with the telephone
number “13225969406” and the address “No. 6 Mei Ling Road Qing Dao”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, p 792.

Fictitious or otherwise, this goes nowhere in suggesting that it was the
defendants who are responsible for sending the News Articles to UOB Bank.

Online Articles

47 I will now deal with the claim in respect of the Online Articles. I have
already covered the three legal requirements that the plaintiffs have to prove
to establish liability for defamation (see [34]–[41] above). The main issue in
dispute is the element of publication in the law of defamation.

Relevant principles on corporate plaintiff

48 Before proceeding further, however, a preliminary point should be dealt
with. This concerns the fact that P1, P2 and P3 are corporations and not
natural persons. In this regard, the defendants referred to Jameel (Mohammed)
and another v Wall Street Journal Europe Sprl [2007] 1 AC 359 (“Wall Street
Journal”) and Atlantis World Group of Companies NV and another v Gruppo
Editoriale L’Espresso SPA [2008] EWHC 1323 (QB) (“Atlantis”) for the
proposition that a corporation must prove that it had a reputation in the
jurisdiction at the time of publication as a prerequisite for pursuing a libel
claim.

49 The defendants accept that there is sufficient evidence that P2 and P3 had
the requisite reputation in Singapore, but contend that P1 has failed to prove
that it had any reputation in Singapore at the material time (which, in my
view, clearly refers to the time of publication). On the other hand, the
plaintiffs plead that P1 is the sole shareholder of Welltech Construction Pte
Ltd (“Welltech”), a construction company in Singapore. As the holding company
of a Singaporean subsidiary, P1 would admittedly have had some indirect
connection to this jurisdiction. However, no authority has been cited by the
plaintiffs to support the proposition that a connection to this jurisdiction
via a wholly-owned Singaporean subsidiary is probative of the existence of a
trading or business reputation in Singapore.

50 It is trite that a corporate plaintiff in defamation actions cannot be
injured in its feelings, and that it can only be “injured in its pocket”
(Basil Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and others [2010] 3
SLR 110 at [65]; ATU and others v ATY [2015] 4 SLR 1159 at [28], both citing
Rubber Improvement Ltd. and Another v Daily Telegraph Ltd. [1964] AC 234 at
262). Unlike individuals, a corporate plaintiff is not presumed to have a
reputation; it must prove that it has a reputation that is capable of being
injured by the alleged libel.

51 Thus, when it comes to damages, there is a threshold question of whether
the corporate plaintiff had a trading or business reputation within the
jurisdiction, at the material time of the alleged publication, to entitle it
to an award of damages for libel (Wall Street Journal at [93]–[96]; Atlantis
at [42]–[50]). This threshold question is a question of fact to be established
by evidence (Atlantis at [49]).

52 Gatley’s comments (at para 8.16) on the right of trading corporations to
sue in defamation actions are instructive:

A trading corporation or company “has a trading character, the defamation of
which may ruin it”. … Accordingly it may maintain an action of libel or
slander for any words which have a tendency to damage it in the way of its
business and it is not necessary for it to prove any special damage. …
Although a company cannot be injured in its feelings, only in its pocket, and
an injury must sound in money, the injury need not be confined to accrued loss
of income, for the company’s goodwill may be injured. …

53 As pleaded, P1’s connection with Singapore is through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Welltech. As the parent company of a Singaporean subsidiary, would
P1 have the requisite trading or business reputation in this jurisdiction to
entitle it to an award of damages? From a survey of the case law on this
issue, it would seem that this highly depends on the specific facts and
circumstances in each case. However it seems that, prima facie, being a parent
company of a subsidiary in the relevant jurisdiction would not, in itself,
give rise to the requisite reputation to pass the threshold requirement.

54 In Atlantis, the first plaintiff was a Netherlands Antilles company which
brought a libel action with reference to an article published and circulated
in England and Wales which was alleged to refer to it. The first plaintiff’s
claim was dismissed as it had failed to show on the evidence that it had a
trading or business reputation in the country at the date of publication. Sir
Charles Grey held (at [49]) that it was not fatal to the first plaintiff’s
claim that it did not trade and had never traded in the jurisdiction. However,
it had to be shown that the first plaintiff had a trading or business
reputation in the country at the date of publication. Based on the evidence
led, the connection with the jurisdiction was “non-existent or at least
exceedingly tenuous”. No actual or intended clients or investors or
competitors were called to give such evidence.

55 Similarly, a corporate plaintiff’s claim was dismissed in Multigroup
Bulgaria Holding AD v Oxford Analytica Ltd [2001] EMLR 28 (“Multigroup”) on
the basis that it had failed to show a pre-existing reputation within the
jurisdiction. The plaintiff was a Bulgarian company which brought proceedings
for libel in respect of two briefs published by the first defendant that
contained various allegations of corruption on the part of the plaintiff’s
subsidiaries with presence in capitals like London, Paris, New York and
Zurich. The Bulgarian company was an intermediate holding company in the
Multigroup conglomerate. Eady J dismissed the action on the basis that the
plaintiff did not have the requisite reputation in the relevant four
jurisdictions. He referred (at [28]) to Lord Keith’s holding in Derbyshire
County Council v Times Newspapers Ltd. and Others [1993] AC 534 (at 547) that
“a trading corporation is entitled to sue in respect of defamatory matters
which can be seen as having a tendency to damage it in the way of its
business” [emphasis added]. It was held in Multigroup (at [34]) that a mere
holding company cannot recover in respect of allegations about how
subsidiaries conduct their businesses. The highly factual nature of the
inquiry was highlighted (at [37]) when it was noted that no particular
evidence had been adduced to demonstrate that any one person within the four
jurisdictions would have known of the plaintiff’s existence as one of the
intermediate holding companies within the Multigroup conglomerate. Without
further evidence of readers of the publication drawing any links between the
conglomerate and the subsidiaries, any “inferential reference or damage” to
the holding company because of “ostensible injury” to a subsidiary’s
reputation was also rejected (at [38]). More importantly, it was noted that
there was no evidence adduced to link the holding company’s activities to any
of the jurisdictions in issue. Factually, the subsidiaries of the Bulgarian
holding company had “distinct names and trading identities which reflect[ed]
their different commercial activities” (at [40]). This was contrasted with the
facts in the case of Helen Marie Steel and David Morris v McDonald’s
Corporation and McDonald’s Restaurants Ltd (unreported, EWCA, Pill and May LJJ
and Keene J, 31 March 1999) (“McDonald’s”).

56 In McDonald’s, a case referred to by the defendants, a United States (“US”)
parent company was able to prove a reputation in England where business was
carried out through a local subsidiary under the McDonald’s brand. Both the
American ultimate holding company, McDonald’s Corporation, and the local
subsidiary, McDonald’s Restaurants Ltd, had brought libel claims in respect of
a six-page leaflet referring to “McDonald’s” which was circulated in England.
The English Court of Appeal held that a foreign parent company and its
subsidiary may each have a distinct reputation and a distinct goodwill within
a jurisdiction in which the subsidiary carries on day-to-day business. As
McDonald’s was generally a well-known name, the use of and reference to
“McDonald’s” in the English jurisdiction was held by the court to “import to
the ordinary reader both the [US] corporation and (if they are different)
whatever company runs the local restaurants”. Thus, both the US parent company
and the local subsidiary were held to have related but distinct reputations in
the jurisdiction.

57 However, in the New South Wales Supreme Court case of Palace Films Pty Ltd
v Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd [2012] NSWSC 1136 (“Palace”), a local
shelf company, despite sharing the name of a business conducted by another
company within the same corporate group, was held to be unable to bring a
defamation suit to protect the business interest of the other company. Thus,
Palace underscores the legal proposition that the reputations of different
companies are distinct, even when the companies sharing the same trading names
are within the same corporate group in the same jurisdiction. Thus, Gatley
makes the point (at note 82 to para 8.16) that:

… Where several companies together form a group of companies with very similar
names or where there is a holding company and several subsidiaries which share
similar names, identifying which company or companies should bring the claim
is important because unless the defamatory imputation reflects upon the
company which brings the claim no action will lie … [emphasis added]

58 In a similar vein, the authors of Brian Neill et al, Duncan and Neill on
Defamation (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) express the same proposition (at para
10.02):

A trading corporation or company may bring an action for defamation in respect
of the publication of defamatory matter which affects its business or trading
reputation. … A corporation, unlike an individual, is required to establish
that it has a reputation in this jurisdiction as a prerequisite to pursuing a
libel claim. … Where the publication relates to a business with a complex
corporate structure care should be taken to bring the claim in the name of a
company which (1) would be identified by reasonable readers as the subject of
the allegations and (2) is apt to suffer damage to its own trading reputation
as a result of the publication. [emphasis added]

59 Clearly, the inquiry in establishing the requisite reputation in the local
jurisdiction is highly factual and has to be proven with evidence by the
foreign corporate plaintiff on a balance of probabilities. From the survey of
the cases above, the following non-exhaustive considerations would seem to be
relevant as evidence of such requisite reputation:

(a) the evidence of actual or intended clients, investors or competitors
(Atlantis at [49]);

(b) knowledge of the existence of the foreign corporate plaintiff in the
jurisdiction (Multigroup at [37]);

(c) presence of international brand recognition in the jurisdiction
(McDonald’s);

(d) similarity of commercial activity and trading identity with related
company in the jurisdiction (Multigroup at [40], cf McDonald’s and Palace at
[36]–[37]); and

(e) the extent of management role by the foreign corporate plaintiff in the
related company in the jurisdiction, as opposed to merely owning shares in
them, for the alleged publication to be able to have damaged the plaintiff in
the eyes of investors in the jurisdiction (Multigroup at [31]–[32]).

60 Thus, P1 has to prove in other ways that it had a pre-existing trading or
business reputation in Singapore at the time of the publication. McDonald’s is
distinguishable on the facts. In the present case, there is no common brand
name to speak of. P1 is a construction company in Qingdao, PRC, and it has not
persuaded this court that it has an international reputation. Although P1 and
Welltech are in the same industry, Welltech does not use the “Qingdao Bohai”
trading name and identity. P1 and Welltech, as separate legal entitles, have
distinct and separate reputations. For P1 to have a reputation within the
jurisdiction through Welltech, more than this tenuous connection would have to
be established on a balance of probabilities. In short, P1 is unable to show
that it had a trading or business reputation within the jurisdiction at the
time of publication and its claim against the defendants fails on this basis.

Issue of publication: Did the defendants publish the Online Articles?

61 I now come to the main issue in dispute. The defendants deny publishing the
Online Articles. On the other hand, the plaintiffs’ contention, as I
understand it, is that the defendants published or caused to be published, on
the Internet and to a substantial number of readers in this jurisdiction, the
Online Articles. The reference to “substantial” is taken to mean a sufficient
number to justify judgment for damages. It is understood that this formulation
is adopted to counter the defendants’ argument that this is a suitable case
for the claim to be classified as one of nominal publication, and which should
be dismissed in accordance with the Jameel doctrine.

62 In the case of Internet defamation, the plaintiffs bear the burden of
proving that the Online Articles were uploaded or posted by the defendants
(ie, the first component of the element of publication) and that the Online
Articles were accessed and downloaded by third party readers in Singapore (ie,
the second component of the element of publication). It is well known that
some facts are capable of direct proof, whereas others may be properly proved
by inference from circumstantial evidence.

Moore’s expert report

63 Before proceeding further, I set out a summary of the key points in Moore’s
report dated 24 July 2015. In this report, Moore provided his expert opinion
on, inter alia, whether it could be established that the defendants were the
authors of the Online Articles and whether it could be established that the
defendants were the persons who posted the Online Articles on the Internet. I
note that Moore’s definition of “Online Articles” refers to more than just
Articles 1 to 12. To the extent that his definition includes Articles 1 to 12,
however, this difference in definition is largely inconsequential. I also note
that Moore’s report had stated that Articles 1 to 12 were made up of 24
website links or URLs, when there were only 22 of these set out in the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2). Once again, however, as these 24 website
links or URLs included the 22 which were pleaded, this is largely of little
significance.

64 The Online Articles were hosted on 19 domains or websites. Of these, four
were blogs, 11 were forums, one was a website and three were categorised as
“unknown” as they were not accessible. A user account was required to post a
message on a forum or a blog. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, para 40.

Moore had attempted to create user accounts on the forums and blogs, and had
managed to do so on eight of the 11 forums and one of the four blogs.

65 For the forums, the mandatory fields during the user account creation
process comprised a username (which did not have to be a real name), a
password, an e-mail address (which generally had to be real) and a
verification code. Some forums also required other additional information. As
for the blog for which Moore had managed to create a user account, this
required a registered account in order to comment on a post/article. A PRC
mobile phone number was required to complete registration. For international
users, an e-mail address was required for registration. Other blogs did not
have a comment function and did not have a user registration page.

66 An important part of Moore’s report relates to the anonymity of the
Internet user, and it reads as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, para 50.

We noted that any Internet user can register and sign up for an account on the
forums/blogs. During the account creation process a user will not be asked to
provide details about themselves or to confirm their identity. The account
name chosen by the user is an alias, a pretend name by which they are known on
the forum or blog. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

67 Moore concluded that the plaintiffs’ allegations that the defendants
authored and/or posted the Online Articles on the Internet cannot be
established. In particular: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, para 86.

(a) The forums, blogs and websites containing the Online Articles were hosted
in China, Hong Kong and the United States. The creation of a user account was
required to post an Online Article on each forum and blog.

(b) Potentially, any Internet user could set up a user account on each of the
forums and blogs.

(c) The user account creation process did not require confirmation of a user’s
identity.

(d) The user accounts identified as having published the Online Articles were
created by unknown individual(s), and therefore the author(s) of the Online
Articles were unknown.

(e) The sign-offs found in some of the Online Articles, which state the name,
NRIC number and alleged e-mail address of D2, do not necessarily identify D2
as having authored and/or posted the said Online Articles (see [100] below).

(f) Further electronic evidence was needed to trace the source and determine
the authorship of the Online Articles.

(g) To date, the plaintiffs had not provided any electronic evidence to
demonstrate that the defendants were the authors or source of the Online
Articles.

68 Aside from the above, there are also other sections in Moore’s report which
are relevant to the present case. I will refer to these at the appropriate
junctures in this judgment.

The first component of publication

69 It is not disputed that the plaintiffs have not adduced any electronic
evidence to establish that the defendants were the publishers who had posted
or caused to be posted on the Internet the Online Articles so as to make the
Online Articles available to a third party in a comprehensible form. The
cogency of electronic evidence in identifying the Internet user who posted the
offending material can be gleaned from the cases dealing with the kind of
evidence required to establish the responsibility of the defendant.

70 In Takenaka (UK) Ltd and another v Frankl (unreported, EWHC (QB), Alliott
J, 11 October 2000) (“Takenaka”), the issue before the court was whether the
plaintiffs had proved that the defendant was the real author and publisher of
defamatory e-mails sent over the pseudonymous signature “Christina Realtor”.
In finding against the defendant, Alliott J relied on the reports of an expert
who had conducted a forensic examination and analysis of the laptop computer
which the e-mails were traced to. This examination and analysis revealed
evidence of the laptop computer’s use during the relevant period, and the
expert concluded that, on the balance of probabilities, the defendant was the
perpetrator. Indeed, the balance of probabilities had “been reached and
exceeded by the evidence recovered from the laptop computer”.

71 In Vaquero Energy Ltd. v Weir [2006] 5 WWR 176 (“Vaquero”), defamatory
messages were posted in a chat room, first by “napo9” and, subsequently, by
“alec6”. The IP addresses for both napo9 and alec6 had undergone change, but
the later IP address for alec6 was traced to the defendant’s laptop computer.
The other IP addresses were traced to a router which hosted several companies,
one of which was a company which the defendant shared office space with. Kent
J found that all of the postings were done by the defendant: there was no
doubt that most of the alec6 postings had come from the defendant’s computer
and it was clear that those were of the same type and style of the napo9
postings (at [13]).

72 In Applause Store Productions Ltd and another v Raphael [2008] EWHC 1781
(QB) (“Applause Store”), the plaintiffs were one Mathew Firsht and his
company, Applause Store Productions Ltd. On 19 June 2007, a Facebook profile
was created in the name of Mathew Firsht. On the next day, a Facebook group
called “Has Mathew Firsht lied to you?” was set up. The bulk of the defamatory
material was contained in the group. Neither the profile nor the group was set
up by Mathew Firsht. Both were set up using a computer with the defendant’s IP
address. Only two computers could have used this IP address: the defendant’s
desktop computer, and his girlfriend’s laptop computer, which he had often
used. The issue before the court was whether the defendant was responsible for
putting up the false profile and for creating the group. In finding that the
defendant was responsible for the creation of the Facebook material, the court
relied on, inter alia, an activity log for the defendant’s IP address, which
appeared to show a sequence of activity using the Facebook user identities of
the defendant, his girlfriend and “M Firsht”. The defendant’s claim that the
deed was done by one or more of the strangers who were at his flat at the
relevant time was rejected.

73 Finally, in Warman v Grosvenor (2008) 92 OR (3d) 663 (“Warman”), the
plaintiff sought to stop the defendant’s two-year “campaign of terror” against
him, achieved through postings on the Internet and personal e-mails. As the
defendant had failed to file a Defence, he was noted in default under the
relevant civil procedure rules, and this meant that he was deemed to have
admitted the truth of all allegations of fact made in the Statement of Claim.
Notwithstanding this, Ratushny J had some “initial concerns as to the
reliability of the plaintiff’s identification of the defendant as the author
of the postings and the e-mails” (at [12]). Nonetheless, he was satisfied on
the evidence that the plaintiff had proved the defendant to be the author of
the postings and the e-mails (at [13]), noting (at [14]) as follows:

The following evidence is particularly persuasive. In 1996 by way of an
Internet posting, a person who identified himself as William Grosvenor called
on “mature ladies” to contact him at a certain address in Edmonton. This was
the same address used to serve the Statement of Claim on the defendant with
the same name. The defendant of the same name responded, giving this same
address in his Notice of Intent to Defend. The e-mails began on January 16,
2008, which was the day after the Statement of Claim had been served on the
defendant. The first of the e-mails repeated, in the same words, the
invitation to others to harm the plaintiff and the links to the plaintiff's
former home address combined with an aerial photograph, as had been contained
in some of the previous postings. The further e-mails have continued some of
the same patterns exhibited by the postings in terms of their style, content
and obsessions.

74 As can be observed, in three of the above cases, the defendant’s identity
was established through the use of electronic evidence: Takenaka (forensic
examination and analysis); Vaquero (IP addresses); and Applause Store
(activity log for defendant’s IP address). That said, this does not mean that
electronic evidence is the only means by which the responsibility of a
defendant for material appearing on the Internet can be established. Indeed,
electronic evidence was not relied on in Warman. However, as Alliott J
cautioned in Takenaka, cogent evidence is needed to meet the requisite
standard of proof in order to discharge the burden of proof. Typically, the
use of electronic evidence to link a defendant to any particular material
appearing on the Internet would be the most obvious way to achieve this
requirement of cogency, since such evidence is objective in nature. If a
plaintiff chooses to rely on other evidence, then he must ensure that such
evidence is similarly cogent. In this regard, I note that the evidence in
Warman pointed almost inexorably to the conclusion that the defendant was the
perpetrator.

75 In his report, Moore helpfully set out the non-exhaustive steps that might
have been taken to confirm the author and first publisher of the Online
Articles: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, paras 70–72.

… Electronic records of this activity may be captured by the website host,
Internet providers and the electronic devices from which the posts were made.
These electronic records may provide sufficient details as to the author of a
given post.

The methodologies and technical information required to confirm the author of
the Online Articles may be a lengthy process and may include but are not
limited to the steps below:

a) Obtain log data from the sites hosting the Online Articles. The log data
may include metadata of the user account and the IP address(es) used by the
account that made the post.

b) Perform a trace of the IP address(es). The results of a trace may identify
an Internet Service Provider (“ISP”) or organisation responsible for the IP
address, such as SingTel or StarHub, if the author was in Singapore,

c) Obtain log data from the ISP or the organisation responsible for the
identified IP address. The log data from an ISP may help to identify the
person or organisation who was assigned the IP address at the dates and times
the post(s) were made.

d) Once a person or business has been identified, potentially relevant
electronic devices in their possession may be secured and analysed to
demonstrate the articles were authored from the devices in their possession or
control.

Our understanding is that for sites located in China, one will need to report
a crime to the law enforcement authority and they will possibly obtain the
requested logs and computers. To our knowledge, the [plaintiffs] have not made
such requests to the authorities in China or obtained these logs for the
Online Articles.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

76 As stated, the plaintiffs did not employ any of the steps outlined above to
obtain the relevant electronic records in this case. Instead, they have
decided to rely on D2’s alleged admission and circumstantial evidence. The
issue is whether the alleged admission and circumstantial evidence (either
individually or collectively) achieve the cogency mentioned by Alliott J in
Takenaka. In my view, they do not, and I so find. Putting it another way, the
“balance of probabilities” test applies and the plaintiffs have not, in my
judgment, satisfied the test. Let me elaborate.

(1) D2’s alleged admission

77 The plaintiffs argue that D2 had admitted to posting the Online Articles on
the Internet, and that he had made the admission on 17 December 2013 to two of
the plaintiffs’ representatives, one of whom was Xu Bin. It is not in dispute
that the conversation was videoed and audio-recorded (without D2’s knowledge).
The following excerpt from the plaintiffs’ English translated transcript 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PBD623–626.

is set out in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2). I have added italics
and bold to the parts of the excerpt which, at first blush, suggest D2’s
admission to the posting:

B: Are you Mr Ng Teck Chuan?

Ng: Yes. Everyone knows. You are also from Qingdao Jianshe (Qingdao
Development)?

B: Yes. From Qingdao Development. Let’s sit and chat.

Ng: Wait a while.

B: Let’s chat. Everyone knows (laughs). Recently discovered that Qingdao
Jianshe (Qingdao Development) is known more …

…

B: We are from Qingjian.

Ng: I know. A Singaporean contacted me earlier. What’s his name … (producing a
name card)

B: He may be our business partner.

Ng: Yes, he should be.

B: Yes, he is our partner in Singapore. We cooperated in a number of projects.
Is the article on the internet posted by you?

Ng: My cousin and I.

B: Your cousin?

Ng: Did it in Qingdao?

B: You posted in Qingdao?

B: Do you know us? Do you have any investment in Qingdao with us?

Ng: It’s my cousin. My cousin is Danny. Wu Deming.

B: Oh, Wu Deming is your cousin?

Ng: The child of my mother’s brother.

B: Yes cousin (biao ge) is your mother’s brother’s child. What did you think
about? We do not have any conflict with you, do we? Why did you post all
these?

Ng: The details I need to discuss with him (We Deming) and see what he says. I
did not expect your visit and do not know what to say.

B: Oh you need to discuss with him .. Take it easy. We just come here to ask
some questions. Do you have any investment dispute in Qingdao?

Ng: Too much to say. Not just in Qingdao.

B: You have investment in other parts of China?

Ng: Wuhan, Shenyang, Harbin, other cities of Shandong. In Xiamen … mainly
construction?

B: Hotel? Your cousin is also in Qingdao?

Ng: Yes, he is in Qingdao. We have office there.

B: HuanYu? We cannot find it. We now have legal proceedings with HuanYu and
are looking for HuanYu. The court also cannot find them.

Ng: I just went there. Their office is still there.

B: Where is their office? Where is their office?

Ng: I am not certain about the location. You may email to their company if
necessary.

B: What is their email address?

…

Ng: I just talked with my cousin. He said that you may email him if necessary.
He did most of the things and I just have no idea what it is about.

B: But the article has been posted in your name.

Ng: I consented to that.

B: Oh, you consented. It was in your name. So we want to ask you, and we are
also concerned that maybe other person used your name without your knowledge.

Ng: I consented to that.

B: Then what is the relationship between you and Wu Zhenshun?

Ng: Uncle.

B: Younger brother of my mother. Did he arrange for both of you to do that?

Ng: I am not clear. Wu Deming knows better. Later he will call and give you
his email. You may email him if necessary.

…

B: Did you write that article?

Ng: He let me read it and I roughly know the content. You’d better contact him
directly. He is personally involved.

B: Oh .. Does he have investment partner there? HuanYu has substantial
investments .. Please ask him if it is convenient to meet us.

Ng: He is now in Japan.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

78 The defendants’ case apropos the alleged admission to the posting is that
it was at best a misunderstanding. The material posted on the Internet was
never expressly nor clearly identified and the important differences among:
(a) the plaintiffs’ translated transcript (above); (b) the defendants’
translated video transcript; and (c) the defendants’ audio transcript indicate
that the court cannot be certain about what was being referred to. D2 had
believed that he was being asked about the CCDI report, and not the Online
Articles.

79 I make two broad points in general. First, the inquiry into what transpired
begins with an appreciation of the setting in which the conversation between
D2 and the plaintiffs’ representatives took place. It was an unannounced visit
to the coffee shop where D2 worked as a coffee shop attendant; it was not a
meeting conducted in the context of an attempt to openly discuss or resolve a
defamation dispute which both sides were fully aware of. No defamation dispute
had arisen or been declared prior to 17 December 2013. It was only after the
encounter on 17 December 2013 that the pre-litigation demand letters and Writ
of Summons were issued. All in all, the context in which the conversation was
recorded and all other surrounding circumstances would have an important
bearing on the reliability of what has been characterised as D2’s admission
that the Online Articles were posted on the Internet by D1 and D2. One
consideration here appears to be whether or not the admission was ambiguous
(Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
2015) (“Pinsler”) at para 5.097).

80 Second, the inquiry is whether the alleged admission is admissible in
evidence under the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”). Admissions are
statements (oral or documentary) which suggest any inference about any fact in
issue or relevant fact, and which are made by persons under certain
circumstances (s 17(1) of the EA). These circumstances are mentioned in ss 18
to 20 of the EA. An admission may be proved as against the person who made
them or his representative in interest (s 21 of the EA).

81 For convenience, I now set out the relevant portions of ss 17, 18 and 21 of
the EA:

Admission and confession defined

17.—(1) An admission is a statement, oral or documentary, which suggests any
inference as to any fact in issue or relevant fact, and which is made by any
of the persons and under the circumstances hereinafter mentioned.

…

Admission by party to proceeding or his agent, by suitor in representative
character, etc.

18.—(1) Statements made by a party to the proceeding or by an agent to any
such party whom the court regards under the circumstances of the case as
expressly or impliedly authorised by him to make them are admissions.

…

Proof of admissions against persons making them and by or on their behalf

21. Admissions are relevant and may be proved as against the person who makes them or his representative in interest …

82 Admissions are not conclusive proof although estoppels may be raised (s 31
of EA). Pinsler (at para 5.100) notes on s 31 that:

… The point here is that the party in a civil case or the accused in a
criminal case is free to dispute the validity of the matters stated. The party
in a civil case might allege that he was mistaken or that the facts are
untrue. The accused might deny the truth of some of the details which he
stated. The weight of an admission is a matter for the determination of the
court and is dependent on all the circumstances of the case. … [emphasis
added]

83 Pinsler (at paras 5.097 and 5.098) provides a simple and helpful
illustration as to how these provisions work in conjunction with one another.
The passage is long, but I set it out in full as it is instructive to the case
at hand:

The connection between ss 17, 18 and 21 in civil proceedings may [sic]
illustrated by the following example. D is sued for breach of contract for
allegedly failing to deliver goods to P in the time stipulated in the
contract. D apologised to P for being late. D’s employee tells P that delivery
was late because transport could not be arranged. D’s apology may be regarded
as a statement which suggests an inference as to a fact in issue, namely that
he was in breach of contract for being late. Accordingly, the statement is an
admission by virtue of s 17(1) and can be proved under s 21 against D because
he is a party to the proceeding, a condition laid down by s 18(1). The
admission is not conclusive of the facts admitted to, but in the absence of
ambiguity it is likely to be given significant weight. Where ambiguity does
arise, the court will determine the appropriate weight, if any, to be
attributed to the evidence. …

As to D’s employee’s statement (in the above example), the issue is whether it
can be used against D at the trial. The court will have to determine whether
the employee was ‘expressly or impliedly’ authorised by D to make this
statement as required by s 18(1). If D told his employee to inform P of the
reason for late delivery, this would be express authorisation and the
statement could be proved against D. The situation is less clear with regard
to implied authorisation and has given rise to a number of cases. Much depends
on the position of the employee in D’s business concern and his relationship
to D. … In Edward v Brookes (Milk), it was held that the apparent authority of
the maker of the statement may be a sufficient basis for the admission of the
statement against the party. The effect of this would be that if someone holds
himself out as having authority on behalf of a company or employer and the
circumstances are not inconsistent with this representation, then any
statements which he makes may bind the company or employer. In D’s case, his
employee’s statement is unambiguous and, if admitted, may carry significant
weight.

84 It is clear from Pinsler’s illustration that adverse admissions are
relevant facts and are hence admissible in evidence against the maker of the
statements (ie, D2) and no one else (such as D1). Pursuant to s 18(1) of the
EA, D2’s statements can only be used against D1 if D2 was authorised by D1 to
make those statements. In this case, there was neither suggestion nor evidence
of this.

85 I now come to the statements made by D2 that are offered as D2’s admission
that D1 and D2 are responsible for posting the Online Articles. The defendants
have characterised D2’s responses as a “misunderstanding” in that D2 was
thinking that the plaintiffs’ representatives were asking about the CCDI
report, and not the Online Articles. Irrespective of the terminology in the
transcript, it is fairly clear from reading the excerpt of the transcript set
out at [77] above that D2’s statements, which must be taken in their entirety,
are ambiguous. This affects the reliability of the statements offered as
admissions. Let me elaborate.

86 D2 was at work in the coffee shop when the plaintiffs’ representatives
came. I gather from Mr Lee that in “large parts” of the video recording, D2
was seen walking away from the plaintiffs’ representatives to attend to “other
things”, and that there was no conversation during these moments. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcripts (16 September 2015), p 36.

In this context, D2’s conversation with the plaintiffs’ representatives was
not a continuous dialogue as it was interrupted intermittently. For
convenience, I set out in the table below the statements in italics and bold
of the above excerpt and the immediate circumstances in which these statements
were made:

Statement| Time in video| Immediate Circumstances  
---|---|---  
B: ... Is the article on the internet posted by you?Ng: My cousin and
I.(“Statement 1”)| 01:23| D2 had previously left to get what appears to be a
name card. He returned at around 01:09. This part of the conversation
therefore took place about 14 seconds after his return.  
Ng: I just talked with my cousin. He said that you may email him if necessary.
He did most of the things and I just have no idea what it is about.B: But the
article has been posted in your name.Ng: I consented to that.B: Oh, you
consented. It was in your name. So we want to ask you, and we are also
concerned that maybe other person used your name without your knowledge.Ng: I
consented to that.(“Statement 2”)| 06:07| D2 had previously walked off while
on his handphone. He returned at around 05:42. This part of the conversation
therefore took place about 25 seconds after his return.  
B: Did you write that article?Ng: He let me read it and I roughly know the
content. You’d better contact him directly. He is personally
involved.(“Statement 3”)| 10:07| D2 had previously walked off while on his
handphone. He returned at around 09:55 but appeared to still be on the phone
until around 09:59. This part of the conversation therefore took place about 8
seconds after that.  
  
87 As stated at [79], the question of whether or not the alleged admission is
ambiguous is an important consideration. Admissions must be clear if they are
to be used against the person making them (Sudipto Sarkar & V R Manohar,
Sarkar’s Law of Evidence in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Burma & Ceylon
(Wadhwa and Company Nagpur, 16th Ed, 2007) (“Sarkar”) at p 422). In order to
constitute an admission in law, the statement should be ex facie unequivocal
and categorical and not vague (Sarkar at p 425). Yet, these cannot be said of
D2’s alleged admission. I now turn to examine this issue of ambiguity. In my
judgment, D2’s alleged admission is ambiguous and is hence unreliable.
Accordingly, no weight should be accorded to it.

88 First, D2’s so-called admission is not clear as to D2’s role in the posting
of the “article”. In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs are quick to
highlight the following part of D2’s cross-examination: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcripts (29 September 2015), p 53.

Q. The gentleman on the right, extreme right, was asking whether the article
on the internet was posted by you. And then you said in Mandarin, “I and my
cousin.”. Correct?

A. All the while I was thinking about the CPIB.

Q. Can I just record your answer is: yes, you did say “I and my cousin”?

A. Yes.

89 The plaintiffs’ highlighting of Statement 1 is wholly unsurprising for the
simple reason that in Statement 1, D2 had openly stated that he (and D1) had
posted the “article”. However, this clarification in the witness box of
Statement 1 does not improve the plaintiffs’ position.

90 Besides Statement 1, the court has to take note of what D2 had subsequently
said in Statement 2 and Statement 3. In Statement 2, D2 said that it was D1
who “did most of the things” and that he himself “[had] no idea what it is
about”. He said that he had consented to the “article” being posted in his
name. I note that this part of Statement 2 is somewhat ambiguous: it is not
clear if D2 was saying that his consent was to the article being posted or if
he was saying that his consent was to the article being posted in his name.
The difference here is one of emphasis and appears fine, but it is nonetheless
significant as to its meaning. The later part of Statement 2 clarifies,
however, that D2 had meant the latter (ie, that he had consented to the
article being posted in his name). In Statement 3, D2 then said that he had
read the “article” and roughly knew its contents, but it was D1 who was
“personally involved”. In Statement 2 and Statement 3, D2’s responsibility
apropos the “article” is much reduced. Indeed, all he could be said to be
responsible for was consenting to the “article” being posted in his name.

91 Simply put, D2’s so-called admission, when read as a whole, is neither
clear nor categorical. It is equivocal as to what his role in the posting of
the “article” was. Specifically, D2 had at one point (ie, in Statement 1)
stated that he had posted the “article” (along with D1), but at other points
(ie, in Statement 2 and Statement 3) stated that he had simply consented to
the “article” being posted in his name and that it was D1 who presumably did
everything else. From this analysis, there is merit in D2’s evidence that in
his conversation with the plaintiffs’ representatives, he was thinking about
the CCDI report and not the Online Articles.

92 This leads me to the subject-matter of D2’s so-called admission. In this
regard, I agree with the defendants that the subject-matter of the alleged
admission was never expressly nor clearly identified. Even by the plaintiffs’
version of the English translated transcript, which I have excerpted above at
[77], the “article” is never identified. This raises several matters that do
not come with answers. For instance, was the “article” defamatory to begin
with? If it was defamatory, was it one of the Online Articles? If it was one
of the Online Articles, which one was it? With these questions remaining
unanswered, how can the requisite civil standard of proof, vis-à-vis the
element of publication in the law of defamation, be satisfied?

93 To the defendants, the reference to the “article” in the transcripts is not
even clear. The defendants have set out the differences in the three versions
of the English translated transcripts in a table, and I reproduce the most
significant portions below (with emphasis added):

Plaintiffs’ translated transcript 12

##### Foot Note 12

× PBD623–626. | Defendants’ translated video transcript 13

##### Foot Note 13

× DBD452–455. | Defendants’ translated audio transcript 14

##### Foot Note 14

× DBD464–470.  
---|---|---  
Is the article on the internet posted by you?| That one…the… one sent online,
did you send it?| …. some pieces posted on the internet, did you post them?  
But the article has been posted in your name.| Your name was used over the
internet?| Then… your name was used on the net….  
Did you write that article?| Were the materials written by you?| That… was
that material written by you? That material…  
  
94 This comparison table shows that the subject-matter of the conversation is
not free of ambiguity. Additionally, as pointed out by the defendants, the
different versions of the English translated transcripts are unclear as to
whether the subject-matter was in the singular or plural.

95 Moreover, the evidence also does not suggest that D2 was shown the Online
Articles during this conversation on 17 December 2013. At trial, Xu Bin gave
evidence that he had brought along an envelope containing “about two to three
articles”, and that he had asked D2 why he had published “the articles”. Xu
Bin’s evidence is that he showed D2 “a copy of the article”: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcripts (16 September 2015), p 33.

Q: Did you show him a copy of the article?

A: Yes, but he did not read it in detail.

Q: How did you show him the article? Was it in print?

A: I had brought along an envelope. It was a white envelope. There were a few
variations of the defamatory articles, but I remember that there were about
two to three articles contained in the envelope.

And as I approached the coffee shop, I had asked him with the articles placed
on the envelope why he had published the articles.

Q: And you are telling us that he immediately admitted that he did it together
with his cousin?

A: Yes, from what I remember.

96 However, there is no mention in Xu Bin’s AEIC of an envelope containing
articles that was brought to the coffee shop. Neither is an envelope or
articles identifiable in the video recording. In light of all this, the
subject-matter of D2’s admission is equivocal.

97 For these reasons, I find that there is no admission that D1 and D2 had
posted the Online Articles on the Internet.

(2) Appearance of D2’s name in some of the Online Articles

98 The plaintiffs have made it clear in their closing submissions that they
are not contending that the mere fact that some of the Online Articles cited
D2 as author and set out his personal and contact details is conclusive proof
that the defendants published the Online Articles. However, they are relying
on this fact to trace, by inference, the Online Articles to the defendants.

99 Specifically, the plaintiffs rely on the fact that many of the Online
Articles were attributed to D2 by way of “sign-offs” at the end of the Online
Articles. By way of an example, Article 1 ended as follows:

I am NGTECH CHUAN, Singaporean, male, 42 years old. My Singapore IC number is
SXXXX486J, contact method: batman777777@outlook.com

Similar attributions are also found in Articles 2, 3, 4, 7, 9, 10, 11 and 12.

100 Moore’s evidence, which I accept, is that these “sign-offs” were typed in
and are part of the text of the Online Articles and that, accordingly, they
could have been typed in by someone else and do not establish that D2 had
authored and/or posted the Online Articles. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, p 19.

Whilst the plaintiffs acknowledge that this attribution is not conclusive
proof that the defendants published the Online Articles, I do not accept that
the “sign-offs” in D2’s name provide a reasonable basis to draw an inference
that the defendants are responsible for posting the Online Articles (ie, the
first component of the element of publication).

101 As explained, there is no electronic evidence to trace the posting of the
Online Articles on the Internet to the defendants, and if the defendants were
out to harm the plaintiffs’ reputation, it would surely be incongruous and
illogical for the defendants to leave a trail by mentioning D2’s name and
particulars on the Online Articles. The plaintiffs suggest that there is
nothing puzzling with the “sign-off” method as it would help to lend some
credibility to the Online Articles if they were not anonymous and an
identified person was willing to be named as their author and publisher. This
reasoning is untenable: why should credibility be a concern to the author and
publisher if, as the plaintiffs say, the articles are defamatory? The first
component of publication is not about who is named in the Online Articles; it
has to do with finding and identifying the person who posted the Online
Articles for the purpose of the law of defamation. As I see it, no proper
inference can be drawn from the “sign-offs” appearing on some of the Online
Articles.

(3) Motive to publish

102 I now come to the plaintiffs’ contention that the defendants, in
particular D1, had a motive to publish the Online Articles. To support this
contention, the plaintiffs highlighted a number of points which can be
summarised as follows:

(a) Disputes between the Qingjian Group and the HuanYu Group: The plaintiffs
submit that the HuanYu Group was embroiled in a number of legal disputes with
the Qingjian Group in the PRC. The HuanYu Group had apparently owed the
Qingjian Group a debt of about RMB 560 million. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 9.

As a result, the Qingjian Group obtained, in 2013, a number of court orders
from the PRC courts to freeze the assets of the HuanYu Group, as well as
certain compensation sums payable to the HuanYu Group by the local
authorities.

(b) D1’s relationship with the HuanYu Group: The plaintiffs submit that D1 had
been actively involved in the business operations of the HuanYu Group in the
PRC from the 1990s up to the present day. D1 was apparently a director of
HuanYu from 1994 to 2004, and has been a director of HuanYu Marina from 1998.
Further reliance was placed on: (i) two legal agreements which D1 had
purportedly signed on behalf of HuanYu in 2004 and 2012; and (ii) D1’s
purported commencement of court proceedings in 2005 to reinstate himself as
chairman of HuanYu.

(c) D1’s relationship with Goh: The plaintiffs submit that Goh is the one
controlling the business of the HuanYu Group. D1 and Goh “are not just related
by blood as uncle and nephew, but have also had longstanding business dealings
with each other from about 1994 to 2001”. Although there was some disagreement
between D1 and Goh in the 2000s, the parties had since reconciled.

(d) D1’s relationship with one Cai Youcang (“Cai”): The plaintiffs submit that
D1 had a long-standing relationship with Cai, a director of HuanYu.

(e) The defendants’ interests in Shin Hwa Cheong: The plaintiffs submit that
both defendants have had associations with a company known as Shin Hwa Cheong,
which is related to the HuanYu Group. D2 is apparently a shareholder of Shin
Hwa Cheong, while D1 was apparently a director of Shin Hwa Cheong in 1995.

(f) The defendants’ admissions on motive: The plaintiffs submit that D1’s
motive for wanting to inflict injury is evident from the evidence of both D1
and D2 at trial. D1 had testified that he had told D2 that P4 had “eaten money
from Mr Cai’s office”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcripts (30 September 2016), p 89.

D2 had testified that D1 had told him that “[P4] and Qingjian were eating the
company’s monies and he wanted to lodge a report against them”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcripts (29 September 2016), p 61.

103 It is necessary to understand the plaintiffs’ contention that the
circumstances bear out the defendants’ motive to publish the Online Articles.
For this, I refer to the plaintiffs’ closing submissions where it is submitted
that: 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiffs’ closing Submissions, para 56(c).

Since late 2013, the [defendants] have had the strong motive to inflict
revenge against the Qingjian Group and the [plaintiffs], given the disputes
between the Qingjian Group and [the HuanYu Group] in the [PRC] and the
Qingjian Group’s obtaining of court orders freezing [the HuanYu Group’s]
assets in the [PRC] …

104 By the plaintiffs’ submissions, the defendants’ motive to publish the
Online Articles had to do with the defendants’ revenge against the Qingjian
Group. Proof of revenge is relevant when such an accusation is made. Thus,
revenge has to be proved not only from the disputes in the PRC but also from
evidence of other facts which make it sufficient to draw the inference of
revenge.

105 I am not persuaded that the matters in [102(a)] to [102(f)] (whether
individually or collectively) assist the plaintiffs on the question of whether
the defendants had a motive to publish the Online Articles. Where the
defendants are said to have revenge in mind, and this revenge is to be proved
by inferences, the plaintiffs have to satisfy the civil standard of proof by
showing that the inferences which appear from the circumstances outlined in
[102(a)] to [102(f)] make revenge in the defendants’ minds at least more
probable than not. I find that the “balance of probabilities” test is not
satisfied. There is no evidence of revenge or facts in evidence to draw the
inference of revenge from.

106 I will first deal with the matters outlined in [102(f)]. This point is a
non-starter. Those so-called admissions were made in the context of the CCDI
report, and it simply does not follow from there that D1 had wanted to inflict
reputational harm on the plaintiffs.

107 As for the matters in [102(a)] to [102(e)], the defendants do not deny
that D1 had a previous relationship with the HuanYu Group, but they submit
that it cannot be concluded that D1 had any sufficient interest or involvement
in the HuanYu Group’s litigation with the Qingjian Group. According to D1, his
directorships in HuanYu and HuanYu Marina were non-executive in nature and he
was not involved in the operation of the businesses in the PRC. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Goh Teck Beng’s AEIC, paras 13–14.

At trial, D1 did appear to accept that he had helped out in the affairs of
HuanYu for some time in 2004, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), p 20.

and on one occasion in 2012, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), pp 44–50.

but this, in my view, does not detract from the need to show D1’s interest
(whether pecuniary or proprietary) in the outcome of the litigation with the
Qingjian Group.

108 Even though Goh was related to D1, and both had worked together for a long
time, it is not really disputed that at the end of 2004, both men had fallen
out and were on bad terms. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), pp 28–29.

It was only around 2011 that the estranged relationship between D1 and Goh had
begun to thaw. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), pp 30 and 35.

Although Mr Quek in closing submissions described D1’s relationship with Goh
now as cordial, the former seems to be on better terms with Goh’s wife. In my
judgment, D1’s relationship with Goh is not evidence to support the presence
of motive to publish the Online Articles.

109 As for D2, no real submission has been advanced vis-à-vis any motive on
his part, except for his supposed interest in Shin Hwa Cheong. Indeed, D2 is a
coffee shop attendant and he was unlikely to have either active involvement in
the HuanYu Group or interest (whether pecuniary or proprietary) in the outcome
of the dispute with the Qingjian Group.

110 Evidence which shows that the defendants have a revengeful propensity is
relevant. However, the fact of the matter is that these disputes,
relationships and interests, even if all true, are simply insufficient to
reasonably infer that the defendants felt aggrieved and vengeful against the
plaintiffs such that they wanted to inflict harm on them. As stated, the
plaintiffs’ turn of phrase in their closing submissions is a motive to
“inflict revenge against the Qingjian Group and the [plaintiffs]”. There has
to be evidence that singles out D1 (or D2) as the perpetrator. Having earlier
rejected the evidentiary value of D2’s so-called admission, I find that there
is nothing else which can identify D1 (or D2) for this purpose. In this
regard, I have already concluded that there is no imputation to be made from
the mere mention of D2’s name on some of the Online Articles (see [98]–[101]
above).

(4) Other grounds relied on by the plaintiffs

111 The plaintiffs would be aware that they have to meet the requisite civil
standard of proof, and have asked the court to take into consideration other
series of facts, namely, the allegedly incredible account as to how D2’s name
came to be used to file the CCDI report and the defendants’ reliance on the
defence of justification. These facts, so the argument develops, give rise to
an inference that the defendants must be the persons responsible for the
publication of the Online Articles.

112 The plaintiffs reject the defendants’ explanation as to how the defendants
had come to lodge the CCDI report. The plaintiffs’ first point is that there
is no evidence that D1 had been told of any serious or specific wrongdoing on
the part of P4, and that there was no premise for his assumption that P4 had
earned a modest salary. In this regard, D1’s account is that the impetus for
him lodging the CCDI report was a dinner meeting with Cai, his former business
associate. D1 describes what Cai had told him in his AEIC as follows: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Goh Teck Beng’s AEIC, paras 21–22.

… Cai then told me that [P4] is a very shrewd man and there was very strong
prevailing market talk that he had, in collaboration with others, become the
owner of state-owned companies which have been privatised. It was only then
that I was told [the HuanYu Group] projects had turned sour after I left [the
HuanYu Group]. These projects had purportedly incurred very substantial losses
such that [the HuanYu Group] was asked to contribute financially to these
losses, instead receiving a share in the expected profits. Cai said that they
could not believe this could happen because under the joint venture, [the
HuanYu Group] contributed the substantial lands, and [P4], representing the
PRC party, was in charge of the development and sale of the completed
projects, which appeared to have been very successful.

Cai then asked if I knew that [P4] and [P2] were also seeking to expand
aggressively into the Singapore market. He went on to tell me that [P4] had
amassed substantial personal wealth and had even managed to obtain Singapore
Permanent Residency … for himself and his family with the intention to
relocate to Singapore. …

113 In my view, while there is no explicit reference to any unlawful act in
the above two paragraphs, it is clear that this is what is being suggested. At
trial, D1 stated that he believed that these two paragraphs conveyed the
meaning that there was misappropriation, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), p 69.

and I accept his evidence in this regard. Furthermore, D1 had subsequently in
his AEIC referred to the possibility that P2 and P4’s operations in Singapore
were linked to “possible unlawful activities back in the PRC”, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Goh Teck Beng’s AEIC, para 24.

and it is clear from this that he had thought that P4 was engaged in illegal
conduct. As for D1’s assumption that P4 had earned a modest salary, I do not
consider this to be so implausible and unreasonable an assumption that it
should be disbelieved outright.

114 The plaintiffs’ second point is that D1’s evidence on the contents of the
CCDI report is unsatisfactory. There was no purpose in filing the CCDI report
if the contents were as generalised as D1 testified to be so. Notably,
however, the CCDI report was lodged close to two years ago, in late 2013, and
it is not implausible that D1 is not able to now recollect the details. More
importantly, the plaintiffs’ own evidence is that the CCDI had commenced
investigations into the allegations made in the Online Articles. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 178; Yuan Hong Jun’s AEIC, para 11.

This, in my view, verifies and lends credence to the existence and submission
of the CCDI report with enough information to warrant an investigation.

115 The plaintiffs next highlight that if, as he claims, D1 was motivated to
lodge the CCDI report out of his sense of patriotism to Singapore and his
concern for the protection of the construction industry and the promotion of
the public interest in Singapore, he should have then filed a report with the
Singapore authorities rather than the CCDI. At trial, D1 explained his
decision as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), pp 75–76.

Q. Then, if you were truly patriotic, the first thing you would have done is
to report to the Singapore authorities, wouldn't that be so?

A. No. If you had stayed in China you would know that this is not the case.
The place of the illegal activities was in China, so of course the local
government or the government where the activities had taken place would have
the most authority or resources to investigate into the matter. That is my
reason for doing so.

I agree that there is a logical basis for D1’s explanation: if the alleged
misappropriation had taken place in the PRC, then the CCDI would be the proper
authority that should have been alerted.

116 The plaintiffs then question the defendants’ reasons for using D2’s name
for the CCDI report. They point out that D1 stated in his AEIC that this was
because he was concerned not so much about himself but for his wife and
extended family in the PRC. However, in the Defence (Amendment No. 1), it is
stated that this was because D1 travelled frequently to the PRC and was
concerned for his personal safety. I do not, however, consider this
discrepancy to be material. The fact is that D1 was concerned over the
possible ramifications of the CCDI report, to himself, his wife and her
family, and he stated this in no uncertain terms at trial. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcripts (30 September 2015), p 89.

The plaintiffs also make the point that D2 was also travelling to the PRC, and
the implication here seems to be that he should have had the same concerns.
Under cross-examination, D2 explained that this was because P4 did not know
him. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcripts (29 September 2015), p 35.

In my view, this is not an incredulous excuse.

117 Finally, the plaintiffs also raise the argument that the defendants had
refused to ask Moore to retrieve a copy of the CCDI report, which is a piece
of evidence which could potentially be very favourable to the defendants’
case. In a letter to the court dated 9 March 2016, which was after closing
submissions were filed, the defendants’ lawyers wrote to court, highlighting
that this request that Moore retrieve a copy of the CCDI report was first made
by the plaintiffs’ lawyers in a letter to the defendants’ lawyers dated 26
August 2015, and that the defendants’ lawyers had replied on 2 September 2015.
In their reply, the defendants’ lawyers had stated that the defendants were
prepared to accede to the plaintiffs’ request on two conditions, one of which
related to the payment of Moore’s charges. No reply was forthcoming from the
plaintiffs until the middle of the trial on 30 September 2015, when the
plaintiffs wrote back to say that they were not agreeable to the conditions.
In brief, it is somewhat of a mischaracterisation to say that the defendants
had “refused” to ask Moore to retrieve a copy of the CCDI report.

118 The final ground which the plaintiffs rely on is the defendants’ reliance
on the defence of justification. The plaintiffs argue that there is no
plausible reason why the defendants would incur time, effort and expense to
investigate and prove the truth of defamatory statements that they did not
publish. On the other hand, D1 explains the defendants’ reliance on the
defence of justification in his AEIC as follows: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Goh Teck Beng’s AEIC, para 43.

… I … consulted our first set of lawyers on how we could exonerate ourselves.
At that point, I was advised that if we could find evidence showing that the
meanings of the statements in the Articles were true in substance and in fact,
we would then also be able to plead the defence of justification. This would
be an alternative backup defence to our primary defence that we did not
publish the Articles as alleged or at all. Upon learning this, I sought legal
assistance in the PRC to carry out investigations into the conduct of the
[plaintiffs] and the background to the Articles, since these were matters that
occurred in the PRC.

119 I make a few points. First, the plaintiffs’ argument conflates
publication, which is an element of liability, with defences to libel, which
arise only after a prima facie case of liability is established. Second, the
defence of justification is about the truth of the libel and telling the truth
has nothing to do with good motive or good faith. In any event, the
defendants’ reliance on the defence of justification is a result of the
suggestion of their former lawyers.

120 As a final point, I note that the plaintiffs also appear to suggest that
the defendants’ position on the defamatory nature of the Online Articles is
inconsistent with their case that they are not responsible for the publication
of the Online Articles. This point, however, is not seriously pursued, and
rightly so.

(5) Conclusion on the first component of publication

121 All things analysed and evaluated, I find that the defendants are not
responsible for the first component of the element of publication. If
anything, the grounds relied on by the plaintiffs, taken collectively, could
raise some suspicion that the defendants could have been the ones responsible
for the publication of the Online Articles. Notably, however, the civil
standard of proof is not satisfied by evidence giving rise to a mere
suspicion. With this conclusion, the plaintiffs’ claim in defamation against
the defendants fails.

The second component of publication

122 Although my conclusion concerning the first component of publication is
sufficient to dispose of the plaintiffs’ claim in defamation, I will
nevertheless proceed to consider, for completeness, the second component of
publication. As stated earlier, the plaintiffs cannot simply allege that the
Online Articles were posted on the Internet and were accessible in Singapore.

123 First, for there to be publication in traditional defamation law, the
defamatory material must be communicated to a third party reader in a manner
that it is comprehensible. In other words, the third party to whom the
defamatory material is communicated must be capable of understanding it. As
Gatley puts it (at para 6.1):

… It is not sufficient that the matter has been merely communicated to the
third party: it is also necessary that it be communicated in such a manner
that it may convey the defamatory meaning and that persons acquainted with the
claimant could understand it to refer to him. If, therefore, a defamatory
letter was handed to a person who could not read or who could not read the
language in which it was written, there would be no publication …

…

124 In Gutnik, the High Court of Australia held (at [26]) that harm to
reputation is done when a defamatory publication is comprehended by the
reader; until then, no harm is done by it. In most cases, defamatory material
is received by a third party using his eyes to read or view it. If the third
party cannot understand it (for example, where the defamatory material is
written in a foreign language), then that is a separate concern, one that
would, on its own, bar a finding of publication.

125 Second, and as stated earlier, there is no presumption of law that
material appearing on the Internet has been published and, as such, the
plaintiffs have to prove that the material in question had been accessed and
downloaded by a third party reader (see the cases referred to at [40] above).

126 Third, the tort of defamation is committed where publication takes place
and the parties accept that material on the Internet is published at the place
where it is downloaded. The parties have also proceeded on the basis that
Singapore is the appropriate and convenient forum, and that the governing law
of the tort is Singapore law. The location where the material was downloaded
and read in this case were the same, and this is to be distinguished from a
case where the material on the Internet was downloaded in one jurisdiction and
then read later as a computer printout at another time and in another
jurisdiction (see, generally, Dan Svantesson, “The ‘place of action’ defence –
A model for cross-border Internet defamation” [2003] Australian International
Law Journal 172).

127 Moving on, I will first deal with direct proof of the second component of
publication, and then indirect proof. As stated, the standard of proof is
still the balance of probabilities.

(1) Direct proof of the second component of publication

128 The question in the present case is whether at least one person, other
than the plaintiffs, had downloaded and accessed the Online Articles in
Singapore. In this regard, the plaintiffs rely on the evidence given by five
of their witnesses. However, not all of the five witnesses were able to
testify to downloading the Online Articles.

129 First, the plaintiffs rely on the evidence of one Li Guo Dong (“Li”), the
Manager of the Human Resource department of P3. Li had joined P3 in February
2015. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Li Guo Dong’s AEIC, para 3.

His evidence is that he was first made aware of various articles published
online concerning the plaintiffs in or around November 2013 as he had heard
his colleagues talking about them in the office. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Li Guo Dong’s AEIC, para 4.

As a result, Li conducted a search using both of the search terms “Du Bo” and
“Qingjian Group” and came across numerous articles concerning the plaintiffs.
36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Li Guo Dong’s AEIC, paras 5–6.

The contents of these articles were very similar to one another and to
Articles 1, 2 and 4. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Li Guo Dong’s AEIC, para 8.

Notably, it is precisely for this reason that I am unable to accept Li’s
evidence as direct proof of publication. Li’s evidence is that he had come
across articles with contents that were very similar to Articles 1, 2 and 4;
it is not his evidence that he had come across Articles 1, 2 and 4, or indeed
the rest of the Online Articles, themselves. Under cross-examination, Li was
unable to confirm that he had actually seen Article 1 itself, 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcripts (23 September 2015), p 37.

and it would not be unreasonable to suppose that, had he been asked, this
would have been his response vis-à-vis Articles 2 and 4 as well.

130 This is significant. Li’s evidence is being relied on by the plaintiffs as
direct proof of publication in Singapore. On first principles, Li must be able
to say that he had downloaded, in Singapore, the very articles that are being
complained of (viz., the Online Articles). Yet, Li could only say that he had
come across articles with contents that were very similar to Articles 1, 2 and
4. Consequently, the inexorable conclusion is that even if I were to accept
Li’s evidence in its entirety, the plaintiffs have not shown, on a balance of
probabilities, that Li had indeed downloaded the Online Articles (or any of
them) in Singapore.

131 The second witness whose evidence is being relied on for direct proof of
publication is one Ouyang Jing (“Ouyang”), the Head of Business Development of
P3. Ouyang had joined P3 in 2011. His evidence is that he had first read the
defamatory articles published online concerning the plaintiffs in or around
November or December 2013. At that time, the Qingjian Group was considering a
joint project with Surbana International Consultants Pte Ltd (“Surbana”), and
a meeting was held in November 2013 between P4 and the Surbana management,
which Ouyang attended. Ouyang had taken the initiative to conduct some due
diligence on the meeting’s attendees following the meeting. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ouyang Jing’s AEIC, para 4.

To this end, he conducted searches online using the terms “Du Bo” and
“Qingjian Group” and came across numerous articles concerning the plaintiffs.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ouyang Jing’s AEIC, para 5-7.

The articles featured very similar content. In his AEIC, Ouyang exhibited
Articles 1, 2 and 4 as “[s]amples of the contents of the articles” which he
recalled reading. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ouyang Jing’s AEIC, para 8.

In this regard, Ouyang’s evidence is similar to Li and, for the same reason, I
am not able to accept it as direct proof of publication. To Ouyang, Articles
1, 2 and 4 were merely samples of the contents of the articles he had come
across, rather than the articles themselves. In addition, I am also doubtful
of the veracity of Ouyang’s account, as there was no valid reason for Ouyang
to conduct “due diligence” on his own side in the Surbana negotiations.

132 The third witness who gave evidence for the plaintiffs on this point is
one Xu Zhengpeng, the Vice President of Guotsing Holding (South Pacific)
Investment Pte. Ltd.. Xu Zhengpeng’s evidence is that in or about mid-December
2013, when he was in Qingdao, he had heard his friends talking about articles
on the Internet which were defamatory of the plaintiffs. One of them had asked
him if he knew anything about the articles, and that prompted Xu Zhengpeng to
search the Internet for articles on the plaintiffs, first in Qingdao and
subsequently when he returned to Singapore. Articles 1, 2 and 4 were among the
articles that Xu Zhengpeng had read. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Xu Zhengpeng’s AEIC, para 5.

I accept this as direct proof of publication of Articles 1, 2 and 4 in
Singapore.

133 The fourth witness being relied on by the plaintiffs in this regard is Xu
Bin. Xu Bin’s evidence is that he was informed by P2’s administrative
operations department of information concerning articles that were defamatory
of the plaintiffs. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 18.

As a result, between 21 and 22 November 2013, Xu Bin conducted searches on a
number of search engines using the search terms “Qingjian”, “Du Bo”, “Bohai”
and “Yuan Hongjun” in various combinations. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 19.

Xu Bin’s searches turned up approximately 15,000 results. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 20.

Xu Bin accessed the links to some of the search results and subsequently
telephoned various website administrators to request that they take down the
articles that were hosted by them. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, paras 20 and 22.

He also lodged formal complaints with the Qingdao Municipal Public Security
Bureau and the Qingdao Municipal Cultural Law Enforcement Bureau and through
the complaints website maintained by the relevant regulatory authorities in
the PRC. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 23.

Despite these measures, various defamatory articles could still be accessed on
the World Wide Web in or around December 2013. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 24.

At this juncture, Xu Bin’s evidence in his AEIC takes a curious turn and he
states as follows: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 24.

… Some of the online articles which were accessible as of the date of the
[plaintiffs’] filing of its Statement of Claim on 23 January 2014 are pleaded
at paragraphs 17 and 19 of the Statement of Claim, and labelled as Articles 1
to 12 (the “Online Articles”). These articles, which the [plaintiffs] had
retrieved as at the filing of the Statement of Claim, as well as their
corresponding certified English translations, are exhibited hereto and marked
as Exhibit “XB-9”. [original emphasis omitted]

Xu Bin’s evidence is unsatisfactory for two reasons. First, Articles 1 and 6
were already pleaded as being inaccessible in the original Statement of Claim
filed on 23 January 2014. Second, it is unclear if Xu Bin himself had accessed
the Online Articles, as Xu Bin only refers to the Online Articles being
retrieved by the plaintiffs. Be that as it may, and in any event, I am unable
to accept Xu Bin’s evidence as direct proof of publication for a more
fundamental reason: there is no evidence that Xu Bin, who resides in the PRC,
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcripts (15 September 2015), p 5.

had accessed the Online Articles (if he did access them) in Singapore. Unlike
Xu Zhengpeng, who clearly stated that he had accessed Articles 1, 2 and 4 in
Singapore, Xu Bin gave no evidence to similar effect and in fact appeared
evasive when asked about this during cross-examination: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcripts (15 September 2015), pp 18–19.

Q. If you go to the next item, which is the alleged defamatory articles,
allegedly published by the defendants, look at paragraph 18. Is it correct
that you were informed by some staff of the 2nd plaintiff about the defamatory
articles?

A. Yes.

Q. And these staff were specially tasked to look out for any articles that
might have an effect on the 2nd plaintiff?

A. It's part of their job.

Q. They saw these articles when they were working in China?

A. Yes.

Q. So after they informed you, you also went into the Internet to look for
these articles.

A. Yes.

Q. So you accessed this from your office in China?

A. I cannot remember.

In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs argue that this is an assumption
which is not borne out on the evidence and not put to Xu Bin. But the fact is
that the burden of proof lies squarely on the plaintiffs and, in the present
instance, this burden is not discharged.

134 The final witness whose evidence is being relied on is one Wang Yu, the
general manager of a company which had business dealings with P3. Wang Yu’s
evidence is that sometime in or around early 2014, he was alerted to various
articles published online concerning the plaintiffs. Wang Yu took it upon
himself to investigate and monitor the allegations as he was in charge of the
business relations between his company and the Qingjian Group in Singapore. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Wang Yu’s AEIC, para 21.

Wang Yu came across many of such online articles. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Wang Yu’s AEIC, para 23.

In his AEIC, he exhibits Articles 1, 2 and 4 as “a small sampling of which
extracts of information [he] recall[s]”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Wang Yu’s AEIC, para 23.

The obscure meaning of this phrase was made no clearer during the trial, where
Wang Yu repeatedly vacillated on his position concerning whether he had seen
Articles 1, 2 and 4 themselves or merely articles with similar content. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcripts (23 September 2015), pp 71–73.

In these premises, I do not consider it more probable than not that Wang Yu
had seen Articles 1, 2 and 4 themselves. In so far as he could equally have
merely seen articles with similar content, his evidence is not direct proof of
publication for the reasons already stated above.

135 To summarise, the only witness whose evidence I accept as direct proof of
publication is that of Xu Zhengpeng, and this is only in relation to Articles
1, 2 and 4. This is a convenient juncture to flag out the defendants’ argument
that this is a suitable case to classify the claim as one of nominal
publication, and which should therefore be dismissed in accordance with the
Jameel doctrine. Generally, publication to one person will suffice though the
scale of the publication will affect the damages. However, Jameel has applied
the abuse of process principle as a gloss on, or an exception to, this rule. I
will return to the Jameel doctrine below at [144]−[149].

(2) Indirect proof of the second component of publication

136 The plaintiffs argue that publication of the Online Articles in Singapore
can be inferred on account of: (a) their accessibility on the Internet; and
(b) the results of using search terms on search engines. Again, the starting
point in relation to the accessibility of the Online Articles on the Internet
is that there is no presumption of law that material appearing on the Internet
has been published, and it is therefore insufficient for a plaintiff to simply
allege that the defamatory material was posted on the Internet and was
accessible in Singapore by a substantial number of third party readers. There
must be some facts in evidence to support an inference of publication in
Singapore to a substantial number of third party readers.

137 First, there is no evidence that the Online Articles were found on
websites which were frequented by Singapore-based Internet users. Xu Bin’s
evidence is that in or around December 2013, Article 2 had been read by 627
viewers, Article 8 by 363 viewers, Article 9 by 894 viewers and Article 11 by
256 viewers. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Xu Bin’s AEIC, para 28.

Moore in his report stated that including repeat readers, Article 3 was read
5121 times, while Article 7 was read 306 times. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, p 29.

These figures, however, do not indicate the number of viewers or readers from
Singapore. But what is clear, in my view, is that these figures are
insignificant in the grand scheme of the things that is the Internet, which
would, presumably, have millions, if not billions, of users worldwide. Flowing
from this, I agree with the defendants that the low number of viewers or
readers renders it unlikely that any significant number of visits were from
Singapore-based Internet users. This is all the more so when one considers the
fact that none of the domains hosting the Online Articles were located in
Singapore, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Peter James Alfred Moore’s AEIC, Exhibit PM-1, p 25.

suggesting that the websites were not even intended for a Singapore-based
audience. In Benedict Ng, Lai Siu Chiu J noted (at [31]) that there was no
evidence as to the number of Singapore-based subscribers for one of the
websites in question (which was designed for Singapore and Malaysia
subscribers) and its general viewership. On that basis, Lai J did not think it
would be safe to draw an inference of publication in Singapore, as it would be
“tantamount to recognising a rebuttable presumption of publication”. Given
that the websites where the Online Articles were found were unlikely to have
been designed for Singapore-based Internet users, Lai J’s reasoning applies a
fortiori in the present case.

138 As regards the other ground relied on by the plaintiffs, ie, the results
of using search terms on search engines, two cases are relied upon by the
plaintiffs. In Steinberg v Englefield and another [2005] EWCA Civ 288
(“Steinberg”), Sedley LJ, with whom Longmore and Ward LJJ agreed, found (at
[21]) the inference of substantial publication of a defamatory letter to be
irresistible, given that it was accessible to anyone who fed the plaintiff’s
name into a standard search engine and was also readable by anyone who
accessed the defendant’s own professional website. In Gregg v O’Gara [2008]
EWHC 658 (QB) (“Gregg”), King J, in an application for summary judgment,
considered (at [52]) that any jury would draw the irresistible inference that
the two defamatory articles in question, which had been posted online, had
been widely published within the jurisdiction. King J relied on the fact that
the defendant’s website containing the defamatory material was immediately
accessible to anyone who fed the words “Yorkshire Ripper” into a standard
search engine. He also highlighted that the Yorkshire Ripper was a topic of
continuing interest to members of the public and that the plaintiff himself
had been contacted by various people who had become aware of the defamatory
allegations.

139 In my view, however, these cases do not assist the plaintiffs. As pleaded
by the plaintiffs, the Online Articles were all located by entering a
combination of search terms into search engines. This is with the possible
exception of Article 1, for which it is not clear how the plaintiffs had
located it. In this regard, Li’s evidence is that he had “found no relevant
information” (much less the Online Articles) when he used the search term “Du
Bo” on its own. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcripts (23 September 2015), p 47.

Similarly, Ouyang agreed that if he simply used the search term “Du Bo” on its
own, he probably would not find anything about P4 because there are many
people called “Du Bo” in China, and this was why he did not use the search
term “Du Bo” on its own. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 20.

The present case is therefore immediately distinguishable from Steinberg.
There is no evidence that feeding any of the plaintiffs’ names, individually,
into a standard search engine would reveal the Online Articles. At least in so
far as P4 is concerned, the evidence is in fact to the contrary.

140 But what then is the rule concerning the use of a combination of search
terms? In Benedict Ng, there was evidence that the defamatory material could
be found on the Internet by using both the plaintiffs’ name as one search
term, and that conducting a search using the search term “dafni, benedict ng,
rajathurai suppiah” would reveal the defamatory material on two major search
engines. Lai J thought (at [31]) that in the case before her “it would be
highly unusual for any person to conduct a search by combining two or three
names in the search field” [emphasis added], and accordingly did not believe
that such a fact warranted the inference that substantial publication had
taken place in Singapore.

141 In a similar fashion, Gregg is distinguishable from the present case. As
was alluded to by Lai J in Benedict Ng (at [31]), that case concerned a search
of the subject-matter of the defamatory material rather than the name of the
plaintiff. Like in Benedict Ng, there is no evidence of such a search term
having been used here.

142 For the reasons stated, the second component of publication is satisfied
in respect of Articles 1, 2 and 4 by virtue of the evidence of Xu Zhengpeng, a
third party reader in Singapore. Be that as it may, the first component of
publication is not satisfied. Consequently, the plaintiffs have not proved, on
the balance of probabilities, that the defendants are responsible for the
publication of the Online Articles in Singapore.

143 My finding on a sole third party reader in Singapore leads me on to the
Jameel doctrine. Before going there, however, I propose to briefly address the
observation in Collins (at para 5.06) that “[w]here a claimant proves that
matter appearing on the Internet has been published to one or more persons, it
may be inferred that the matter was published more widely”. In my view, this
observation does not assist the plaintiffs for the simple reason that the
drawing of an inference in such a case must still be dependent on the
existence of a substratum of fact(s) to support the drawing of such an
inference. For the reasons stated at [137]–[141] above, no such inference can
be drawn in the present case.

(3) Abuse of process

144 I now come to the Jameel doctrine. In this regard, the defendants argue
that there has been no real and substantial tort in so far as the Online
Articles are concerned, and that for this reason the claim should be struck
out as an abuse of process under the Jameel doctrine. Given my finding above,
it is perhaps apposite to consider this argument in greater detail. In this
connection, the plaintiffs have failed to show any real or substantial tort
committed in this jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Jameel doctrine is another
basis on which the plaintiffs’ claim in defamation may be dismissed.

145 In the context of defamation, the abuse of process doctrine stemmed from
the decision of the English Court of Appeal in Jameel. That case proceeded on
the basis that there were only publications to no more than five individuals,
three of whom were part of the plaintiff’s camp, within the jurisdiction. The
Court of Appeal struck out the plaintiff’s claim on the basis that there was
no real and substantial tort, observing as follows (at [69]–[70]):

If the claimant succeeds in this action and is awarded a small amount of
damages, it can perhaps be said that he will have achieved vindication for the
damage done to his reputation in this country, but both the damage and the
vindication will be minimal. The cost of the exercise will have been out of
all proportion to what has been achieved. The game will not merely not have
been worth the candle, it will not have been worth the wick.

If we were considering an application to set aside permission to serve these
proceedings out of the jurisdiction we would allow that application on the
basis that the five publications that had taken place in this jurisdiction did
not, individually or collectively, amount to a real and substantial tort.
Jurisdiction is no longer in issue, but, subject to the effect of the claim
for an injunction that we have yet to consider, we consider for precisely the
same reason that it would not be right to permit this action to proceed. It
would be an abuse of process to continue to commit the resources of the
English court, including substantial judge and possibly jury time, to an
action where so little is now seen to be at stake. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

146 In Singapore, Jameel was considered by the Court of Appeal, albeit in
obiter, in Yan Jun v Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 752. The Court of Appeal
cautioned (at [118]) that:

It is also pertinent to note that since Jameel was decided under a set of
procedural rules which are fundamentally different from those in Singapore …
and because it entails – in part, at least – the (potentially far reaching)
proposition that an action may be struck out on the basis that the publication
of the defamatory material is limited, or the amount claimed as damages is de
minimis, the principle enunciated in that case should be approached with the
necessary circumspection by the Singapore courts. … [emphasis in original]

147 However, the Court of Appeal eventually acknowledged (at [120]) the
applicability of the general principles of Jameel in Singapore, and proceeded
to apply it to the facts of the case:

… In light of our decision above at [111]–[114], it is, strictly speaking, not
necessary for us to decide whether the Judge was correct in following Jameel.
That having been said, there is a relatively significant body of authority in
England endorsing the general principle established in Jameel, viz, that a
claim which discloses no real and substantial tort is liable to be struck out
for being an abuse of process of the court, and the real concerns (as we have
seen above) relate to its application. This last-mentioned point is not
surprising in view of the fact that the line-drawing required is not only
fact-centric but may also be difficult to effect in borderline situations.
Further, and leaving aside the differences in the rules of civil procedure
between England and Singapore, Jameel also contains some general principles
that may be applicable in the Singapore context. Hence, applying the principle
in Jameel to the facts of the present case, we would be of the view that this
was far from being a borderline situation and that the Judge was therefore
correct in following and applying Jameel and holding that the Appellant’s
claim in defamation did not disclose a real and substantial tort. This would
have served as a yet further reason as to why the Appellant’s claim in
defamation should fail. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in
bold italics]

148 In Atlantis, it was held, albeit in obiter (at [56]), that although abuse
of process is more commonly a ground for striking out a claim before trial, it
is open to the court in a suitable case to dismiss a claim at trial on the
ground that it constitutes an abuse of process. Reliance was placed on the
observations of the English Court of Appeal in Lonrho PLC. and Others v Fayed
and Others (No. 5) [1993] 1 WLR 1489 (at 1493D–F and 1502D–E).

149 Given the conclusion reached above that the first component of the element
of publication is not established on the balance of probabilities, there is no
liability for the tort in the present case. Be that as it may, I venture to
state that the Jameel doctrine can serve as an additional reason to dismiss
the action since it can be said that no real and substantial tort was
committed in this jurisdiction. The only proof of the second component of
publication comes from the evidence of Xu Zhengpeng (and, furthermore, only in
relation to Articles 1, 2 and 4). Consequently, the publication in Singapore
would have been very exceedingly limited and restricted.

Issue of reference: Do the Online Articles refer to the plaintiffs?

150 As stated in [34], in order to establish liability, the Online Articles
would have to refer to the plaintiffs. In this connection, the parties have
agreed that the Online Articles refer to P1, P2, P4 and P5. Thus, a remaining
issue on liability that affects P3 is whether the Online Articles refer to P3,
ie, Qingjian Realty (South Pacific) Group Pte. Ltd.. There is reference to
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” in the Online Articles and the question is
whether these words are reasonably capable of referring to P3. In the end, I
find that the Online Articles do not refer to P3 and this finding is another
reason for dismissing the action in so far as P3 is concerned. These are the
reasons for my conclusion on the issue of reference.

151 The plaintiffs allege that the articles in Categories A and C refer to P3.
In Article 1 (the representative article in Category A) and Article 4 (the
representative article in Category C), the reference in question is a
reference to “Qingjian Group Singapore company”. For completeness, the
plaintiffs do not plead that Article 2 (the only article in Category B) is
defamatory of P3, and so no question of reference arises here. Further or
alternatively, the plaintiffs plead that, by way of innuendo, “Qingjian Group
Singapore company” meant and/or was intended to refer to P3. In this regard,
they rely on two “facts”. First, they argue that readers of the statement,
particularly readers in Singapore, would know that P3 is one of the more
established affiliates of P1 and/or P2 in Singapore. Second, they claim that
P3 is also known by the public at large to be actively involved in building a
name for itself for mass-market condominiums and executive condominiums in
Singapore under the “Qingjian Realty” brand.

152 I agree with the defendants that the words “Qingjian Group Singapore
company” are not capable of referring to P3, especially in the light of 18
other companies registered in Singapore with the name “Qingjian” at the
material time. This means that P3 would have to rely on innuendo to establish
the element of reference in the law of defamation. In other words, no
reasonable reader without special knowledge would have understood “Qingjian
Group Singapore company” to refer to P3.

153 I am of the view that Articles 1 and 4 would not lead a reasonable reader
to the conclusion that P3 is being referred to. The key allegation in Articles
1 and 4 is that P4 had relied on “Qingjian Group Singapore company” to obtain
permanent residency in Singapore. In Article 4, reference is also made to
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” being a “twin brother” of P2 in Singapore
established by P4 and P5. In these contexts, however, a reasonable reader
would be none the wiser even if he had knowledge of the two “facts” which are
being relied on by the plaintiffs. In other words, even if these two “facts”
were true, I do not consider that they go any way towards establishing that
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” refers to P3.

154 To my mind, “Qingjian Group Singapore company” was used in a descriptive
sense. In other words, while the author had intended to refer to a specific
company, he chose not to identify it by its actual name. Hence, “Qingjian
Group Singapore company” can equally refer to any one of the 18 Singapore
entities with the name “Qingjian” apart from P3.

155 Even if “Qingjian Group Singapore company” was intended to identify a
specific company, I agree with the defendants that a reasonable reader would
conclude that this referred to a company by the name of Qingjian Group Co.,
Ltd. Singapore Branch instead, as the name of this company was closer to
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” than any of the other “Qingjian” Singapore
entities, including P3. In this regard, it is telling that in the plaintiffs’
letters of demand to the defendants dated 15 January 2014, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB429-440.

the plaintiffs’ lawyers made a demand on behalf of P1, P2, P4 and P5 and
Qingjian Group Co., Ltd. Singapore Branch. Notably, no claim was advanced on
behalf of P3 in these letters.

156 In this connection, I note that three of the plaintiffs’ witnesses have
stated that they understood “Qingjian Group Singapore company” to refer to P3.
Two of them – Li 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Li Guo Dong’s AEIC, para 7.

and Ouyang 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Ouyang Jing’s AEIC, para 7.

– are employees of P3, while one of them – Wang Yu 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Wang Yu’s AEIC, para 22.

– is the general manager of a company which had business dealings with P3.
Quite apart from the fact that these witnesses have an ongoing relationship
with P3, the fact is that their understanding is of little consequence to the
issue at hand. The test for reference is ultimately an objective one. In
Gatley, it is stated (at para 7.3) that:

…

Where the claimant is referred to in an indirect way or by implication it will
be a question of degree how far evidence will be required to connect the libel
with him. At one extreme, if there is a libel on “the Prime Minister” that
officer does not need to produce witnesses to testify that they know who he
is. At the other extreme, the claimant may only be identifiable by reason of
extraneous facts which are not generally known, in which case there is no
actionable publication unless it is shown that the words were communicated to
persons with such knowledge. Even in the latter type of case, however, it is
not enough that the recipients of the statement did understand it to refer to
the claimant: the issue is whether reasonable people with their knowledge
would so understand it.

…

[emphasis added]

157 As I have already stated, Articles 1 and 4 would not lead a reasonable
reader to the conclusion that they refer to P3. In my judgment, therefore, the
articles in Categories A and C do not refer to P3. Consequently, P3’s claim in
defamation against the defendants fails for this additional reason.

Issue of meaning: Are the Online Articles defamatory?

158 As stated in [34], the plaintiffs have to establish that the Online
Articles are defamatory of the plaintiffs. The legal principles on defamatory
meaning are not controversial.

159 I begin with P3. It is not the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that Article 2
(the only article in Category B) is defamatory of P3. Given my conclusion that
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” is not a reference to P3, the articles in
Categories A and C cannot be defamatory of P3. However, even if I were to
assume, for the sake of argument, that the words “Qingjian Group Singapore
company” are a reference to P3, I find that the articles in Categories A and C
are not defamatory of P3. I will elaborate on this point.

160 The particular paragraph in Article 1 (the representative article in
Category A) being relied on as regards P3 reads:

Relying on Qingjian Group Singapore company, [P4] has obtained Singapore
permanent residency and his entire family has even migrated to Singapore. They
own several mansions and their assets reach tens of billions. [P5] and other
members have also completed migration procedure. According to research, the
entire senior management of [P2] are the main investors of Qingjian Group
Singapore company. Their assets have been transferred overseas and they own
the citizenship of Singapore.

Read in the context of the rest of Article 1, the paragraph quoted above is
not defamatory of “Qingjian Group Singapore company”. P4’s “reliance” on
“Qingjian Group Singapore company” is left completely unexplained and could be
innocuous. Similarly, that the entire senior management of P2 are the main
investors of “Qingjian Group Singapore company” says nothing about the latter.

161  As regards Article 4 (the representative article in Category C),
references to “Qingjian Group Singapore company” appear at two points. The
first is that P4 and P5 have established a twin brother of P2 in Singapore.
This says nothing about P3. As for the second reference, to the effect that P4
has obtained Singapore permanent residency by relying on “Qingjian Group
Singapore company”, my conclusion in the preceding paragraph applies equally
here.

162 I now move on to the remaining plaintiffs, P1, P2, P4 and P5. It appears
from the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) that these plaintiffs rely only
on the natural and ordinary meaning of the Online Articles in making out their
case against the defendants. The substantive portions of the plaintiffs’
English translation of Articles 1, 2 and 4 are annexed to this judgment in
Annex A, and the parts which are pleaded as defamatory are emphasised in
italics and bold therein. In my view, the identified statements in the Online
Articles are capable of conveying the defamatory meanings set out at
[163]–[165] below.

Article 1

163 I start by looking at Article 1 (the representative article in Category
A). In my view, Article 1 was capable of conveying defamatory meanings. In its
natural and ordinary meaning, Article 1 alleged that P4 and P5 had, through
various means, dishonestly used P1 to misappropriate the state-owned assets of
P2. P2 was formerly a state-owned enterprise but, as a result of this scheme,
had become a personal company owned by P4 and P5 and others. In so far as P1
and P2 were concerned, the suggestion was that they were complicit in this
scheme. As a corporate plaintiff with no trading or business reputation in
Singapore, P1 cannot be defamed by Article 1. However, such allegations are
defamatory of P2, P4 and P5 in so far as they plainly lowered P2, P4 and P5 in
the estimation of right-thinking members of society generally.

Article 2

164 Moving on to Article 2 (the only article in Category B), Article 2 was
capable of conveying defamatory meanings. In its natural and ordinary meaning,
Article 2 alleged that the privatisation of P2 was a result of a scheme by P4
and P5 to misappropriate state-owned assets and that P1 and P2 were complicit
in this scheme. Moreover, P4 and P5 had absconded or were planning to abscond
by migrating to Singapore. The allegations were of unlawful conduct,
corruption, abuse of position and dishonesty on the part of P4 and P5, as well
as mismanagement or manipulation of P1 and P2 by P4 and P5. As a corporate
plaintiff with no trading or business reputation in Singapore, P1 cannot be
defamed by Article 2. However, such allegations clearly lowered P2, P4 and P5
in the estimation of right-thinking members of society generally and are
therefore defamatory.

Article 4

165 As regards Article 4 (the representative article in Category C), I am of
the view that in its natural and ordinary meaning, Article 4 alleged the same
thing as Article 2, ie, that the privatisation of P2 was a result of a scheme
by P4 and P5 to misappropriate state-owned assets and that P1 and P2 were
complicit in this scheme. Moreover, P4 and P5 had absconded or were planning
to abscond by migrating to Singapore. The allegations were of unlawful
conduct, corruption, abuse of position and dishonesty on the part of P4 and
P5, as well as mismanagement or manipulation of P1 and P2 by P4 and P5. As a
corporate plaintiff with no trading or business reputation in Singapore, P1
cannot be defamed by Article 4. Again, however, these allegations clearly
lowered P2, P4 and P5 in the estimation of right-thinking members of society
generally and are therefore defamatory.

Conclusion on the plaintiffs’ case with respect to the Online Articles

166 Based on the foregoing, the plaintiffs have failed to make out a prima
facie case of defamation against the defendants in so far as the Online
Articles are concerned. With respect to the issue of publication, the
plaintiffs have failed to establish the first component of publication.
Moreover, while the second component of publication is technically satisfied,
the plaintiffs’ claim in defamation falls to be dismissed pursuant to the
Jameel doctrine. In addition to these reasons, which apply vis-à-vis all the
plaintiffs, P1’s claim also fails as P1 has no trading or business reputation
in Singapore. At the same time, P3’s claim also fails as the Online Articles
do not refer to P3. In any event, the Online Articles are not defamatory of P1
and P3.

The Justification Issue

167 In light of my conclusions thus far on liability, it is, strictly
speaking, not necessary for me to comment on the defence of justification
which arises only after a prima facie case of liability is made out.
Nonetheless, I propose to comment on aspects of the defence of justification.
The trial proper was dominated by this defence, and parties have also
submitted at great length on it. I do not propose to comment on the issue of
damages as this is generally only covered in submissions.

168 It is not controversial that the burden of proof in establishing the
defence of justification lies squarely on the defendant (Gatley at para 11.4;
Gary Chan at para 13.003; Evans at pp 85–86). To successfully establish the
defence of justification, the defendant need only prove the truth of the
substance or gist of the offending words (as opposed to those parts of the
offending words which do not add to the sting of the alleged defamation)
(Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal
[2010] 1 SLR 52 at [134]). Thus, some leeway is given for exaggeration and
error (Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and another
appeal [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“Bernard Chan”) at [44]). However, in no way does
this leeway suggest that the burden is easily discharged.

169 The defence of justification is not established by showing tenuous
circumstantial evidence and inferences (Evans at p 87). At the same time,
while the standard of proof remains the balance of probabilities, the sting of
the libel in this case is misappropriation of state-owned assets. Needless to
say, such an accusation is a serious matter and cogent evidence is needed to
establish, on the balance of probabilities, the truth of the accusation. The
oft-quoted statement in the cases is that the more serious the allegation, the
less likely it is that the event occurred. Consequently, the stronger the
evidence must be before the event’s occurrence can be established on a balance
of probabilities. Furthermore, in the context of defamation, the defence will
not succeed if a materially less serious meaning is proved to be true (Bernard
Chan at [43]). As explained in Gary Chan (at para 13.005):

… Where the defamatory imputation is that the plaintiff is guilty of a serious
crime, the defendant will have to justify the statement by showing the
plaintiff’s culpability in respect of that crime. If the defamatory imputation
is one with a lower level of defamatory meaning, such as that the plaintiff is
under suspicion of a crime, the defendant will be able to justify the
statement by showing that the plaintiff had acted in a manner which would have
caused a reasonable observer to be suspicious. …

170 In the course of their submissions, the defendants have referred to the
evidential burden of proof shifting to the plaintiffs. As with most civil
cases, the evidential burden would shift or alternate from one party to the
other in the course of a trial according to the nature and strength of the
evidence offered in support of or in opposition to the main fact to be
established (see, for example, Ong and Co Pte Ltd v Quah Kay Tee [1996] 1
SLR(R) 782 at [19]). More importantly, however, the legal burden of the
defence of justification remains squarely on the defendants. If the state of
the evidence is such that at the end of the trial the court is left in an
uncertain position, the court may rule that the assertions have not been made
out (see, generally, Rhesa Shipping Co. S.A. v Edmunds (“The Popi M”) [1985] 1
WLR 948). It is open to the court to say that the evidence leaves the court in
doubt as to whether the event occurred or not, and that the party who bears
the legal burden of proving that the event occurred has failed to discharge
that burden.

171 The sting of the Online Articles is that P4 and P5 had in fact
misappropriated state-owned assets and that P1 and P2 were complicit in the
misappropriation. The defendants’ central case is that the P4 and P5 had
deliberately and systematically misappropriated the state-owned assets of P2
through various complicated schemes and a web of companies including: (a) P1
and P2; (b) Shandong Haiwei and Shanghai Heliyuan; and (c) Guoqing. Before
this court, the parties have dealt with the alleged misappropriation in
various stages, and I propose to adopt the same approach. At the outset, I
note that the defendants have, in their closing submissions, abandoned a
number of allegations which they had pleaded in their Defence (Amendment No.
1). That being the case, I will focus on the defendants’ case as set out in
their closing submissions.

172 As my comments below will show, what the defendants have sought to do was
to highlight a particular transaction, and then invite this court to draw an
inference of illegality or impropriety by arguing that the defendants have
done enough to shift the evidential burden to the plaintiffs but the
plaintiffs have not adduced enough evidence to “pass back” the evidential
burden to the defendants. The fallacy of this argument is dealt with in
greater detail below.

173 One point ought to be made at this juncture and this concerns the
defendants’ repeated allegation that P4 and, to some extent, P5 had not given
consideration for the shares they acquired. As will be seen below, this is a
key fact relied upon by the defendants at various points. What must be
remembered, however, is that the legal burden of establishing the truth of the
allegation (viz., the non-payment for the shares) is on the defendants (ss
103–105 of the EA; see also the Court of Appeal's decision in Cooperatieve
Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA (trading as Rabobank International),
Singapore Branch v Motorola Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63 (at [30]–[31])
and more recently in SCT Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd [2016] 1
SLR 1471 (at [16]–[18])).

Changes in shareholders of P1

June 1998: Founding and initial capitalisation of P1

174 P1 was registered on 18 May 1998 and had its business license issued on 2
June 1998. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Yuan Hongjun’s AEIC, para 37.

Its original name was Qingdao Century Decoration Co., Ltd. This was later
changed to Qingdao Zero Zero One Decoration Co., Ltd on 8 May 1999, and
subsequently to Qingdao Zero Zero One Engineering Co., Ltd on 28 September
1999. P1 had an initial registered capital of RMB 5 million and its
shareholders were P2 and P4, each holding 40% and 60% of the shares
respectively. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Exhibit D1.

The defendants’ case is that P4 did not contribute anything towards his RMB 3
million share and that the funds were instead provided by P2. The plaintiffs,
on the other hand, contend that the capital contribution towards the 60%
shareholding in P1 was paid by a group of staff members of P1 or P2 and
registered in the name of P4 as their nominee (“the informal shareholding
arrangement”).

175 The state of the evidence on this aspect of the argument is as follows.
First, D1 had, at trial, conceded that he has no documentary evidence to show
that P4 did not pay for the capital contribution in his name. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcripts (1 October 2015), p 28.

176 Second, the evidence bears out the existence of the informal shareholding
arrangement. Evidence of the informal shareholding arrangement was given by
P4, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, paras 85–89.

P5 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Yuan Hongjun’s AEIC, paras 40–44.

and one Wang Linxuan 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wang Linxuan’s AEIC, paras 12–14.

, a director of P3 who was previously in the employ of P1. All of them were
part of the informal shareholding arrangement. Taken together, their evidence
is that P4 was appointed to be the nominee to hold the shares of P1 on behalf
of various employees of P1 or P2 and that he continued to be their
representative until the Staff Shareholding Committee of P1 (“SSC”) was
formally constituted. The informal shareholding arrangement was a common
feature of the state-owned enterprises during the material time, and was
intended to give employees a stake in the state-owned enterprises to promote
contribution and productivity. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Wang Linxuan’s AEIC, para 12.

The sum paid by each individual was collected and deposited in P1’s corporate
banking account on 8 May 1998. P4 had himself contributed RMB 200,000 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcripts (17 September 2015), p 25.

, P5 more than RMB 10,000 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcripts (22 September 2015), p 66.

and Wang Linxuan about RMB 10,000 to 20,000. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 38.

In this regard, I note that the defendants do not dispute the existence of the
SSC that was later constituted. This goes some way in showing the existence of
the informal shareholding arrangement in so far as it is likely that it was a
precursor to the SSC.

177 Significantly, the existence of the informal shareholding arrangement is
also borne out by the documentary evidence. First, in the minutes of the Board
of Directors and Board of Supervisors Preparatory Meeting of P1 held on 25
June 1998, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

AB456–458.

it is indicated that the total share capital of RMB 5 million included
“[i]nternal employees’ shares” of RMB 3 million. The number of subscribers is
stated as 49 persons, including P4, with a subscription amount of RMB 3
million. There is a handwritten document which has been put forward as minutes
of what appears to be the same meeting although the venue appears to be
different. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

AB449–452.

The defendants’ objection that this is a “contradictory” record as it does not
mention the informal shareholding arrangement is rhetorical.

178 Second, the minutes of the Founding cum First Shareholders’ Meeting of P1
held on 28 June 1998 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB465–467.

show that there were 38 shareholders (who collectively held RMB 4.21 million
or 84% of the total share capital of P1) in attendance. Two other shareholders
were absent. This number of shareholders (total of 40) would make no sense if
the informal shareholding arrangement did not exist. The defendants highlight
that the original date of this document was 21 March 1999 and that this date
had been struck out and replaced with 28 June 1998. The argument was that this
“backdating” indicates that the informal shareholding arrangement was a later
invention. In response, the plaintiffs submit that the more probable
explanation is that the wrong date was typed, and the correct date was then
inserted by handwriting. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 265.

In my view, this is a plausible explanation. Even if the correct date was 21
March 1999, this document still indicates that there were at least 40
shareholders of P1 as of that date. The fact that there is no documentation
produced now to show the existence of the informal shareholding arrangement is
not, in itself, fatal. The shareholders’ arrangement was, as its name
suggests, an informal one, and the defendants’ expert, Xu Ying, had agreed
that there was no legal requirement for such documentation. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcripts (6 October 2015), pp 57–58.

179 The defendants claim, rhetorically, that it “may not matter much” whether
there was the informal shareholding arrangement, as P4, P5 and Wang Linxuan
were unlikely to have access to the amounts of money which they say they
invested. At trial, P4 stated categorically that before 1995, his total annual
income was about RMB 15,000 from his employment with P2 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcripts (16 September 2015), p 69; (17 September 2015), p 25; (18
September 2015), p 44.

and that, in any case, his wages and income would have “completely satisfied”
his contribution of RMB 200,000. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcripts (17 September 2015), p 26.

As for P5, his evidence is that his annual income in 1996 was around RMB
20,000. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcripts (22 September 2015), p 7.

As for Wang Linxuan, his evidence is that he had used his own money, as well
as money borrowed from his parents, for his contribution. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 38.

180 The alleged misappropriation of state-owned assets stemmed from the
defendants’ contention that P4 did not pay for the shares in his name. The
burden of proof concerning non-payment is on the defendants (see [173] above).
Besides, even if the informal shareholding arrangement did not exist and/or P4
and P5 and Wang Linxuan did not have access to the amounts of money which they
say they invested, it plainly does not follow that the funds were instead
provided by P2.

181 The defendants point to a certificate dated 18 May 1998 that was
purportedly issued by P2 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB480.

and agreeing that P4 “may contribute RMB 3 million in his personal name as
registered capital (60%) to apply for the registration of [P1]”. The
defendants contend that as this certificate post-dates the date on which the
capital payments were made, it makes no sense unless P2 was “giving its
blessing for funds which it had already contributed itself to be treated as
the funds of P4 (either in his own right or as nominee for a group of
employees)”. In response, the plaintiffs argue that the certificate was simply
P2’s acknowledgment of its approval of the informal shareholding arrangement.
I agree with the plaintiffs that the certificate does not say that P2 paid for
the 60% shareholding in P1. In my view, the purport of the certificate is, at
best, ambiguous.

182 A final document that ought to be considered at this stage is a Capital
Verification Report dated 15 May 1998. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB1284–1286.

According to this Capital Verification Report, out of P1’s registered capital
of RMB 5 million, RMB 3 million was contributed by P4. According to Xu Ying,
up till 2014, the Capital Verification Report was a document required by the
PRC company registration authority for the formation and registration of a
company and had to be issued by a PRC-qualified accounting firm in accordance
with PRC accounting principles. The accounting firm would examine the capital
account of the company and the wiring proofs to verify that the capital
contributions were made through the shareholders’ accounts to the company.
However, the accounting firm was not required to inspect the original sources
of such funds. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Xu Ying’s AEIC, Exhibit XY-1, para 17.

This appears to have been accepted by the plaintiffs in their closing
submissions. That being the case, the Capital Verification Report dated 15 May
1998 is of no assistance to both parties: it only confirms that the capital
contributions were made through P4’s account; it does not reveal whether the
source of funds in P4’s account was from P2 (per the defendants’ case) or the
informal shareholding arrangement (per the plaintiffs’ case). In this regard,
the parties’ extensive submissions on the reliability and evidential value of
the Capital Verification Reports do not assist either party.

June 2001: P1’s first capital increase

183 21 June 2001 was the date of P1’s first capital increase. P1’s capital was
increased from RMB 5 million to RMB 10 million. The shareholding as between P2
and P4 remained unchanged at 40:60. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit D1.

The defendants’ case is that P4’s contribution of RMB 3 million was funded by
P1 itself, whereas the plaintiffs contend that this was paid by the group of
staff shareholders pursuant to the informal shareholding arrangement.

184 In making their claim, the defendants rely solely on a bank-in slip dated
13 June 2001 attached to a Capital Verification Report dated 15 June 2001 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

AB1307.

showing that the RMB 3 million was paid out of P1’s account with Agricultural
Bank East Branch and into P1’s account with Agricultural Bank City South
Branch. The Capital Verification Report itself, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB1298–1306.

however, explains as follows:

Shareholder [P4’s] capital contribution of RMB 3 million was collected by [P1]
on 13 June 2001 and deposited into the account of [P1] at China Agricultural
Bank Qingdao City South Branch. …

This lends credence to the plaintiffs’ case that the RMB 3 million was paid
into P1’s corporate banking account, and was later transferred to P1’s capital
verification account. Indeed, this explains why the bank-in slip showed the
funds as originating from P1. But once again, the Capital Verification Report
(this time including the attached bank-in slip) is of no assistance to both
parties in so far as it leaves unanswered the real question concerning the
original source(s) of the RMB 3 million. The defendants, having relied on the
bank-in slip alone, have therefore failed to discharge their burden of proof.
Putting it another way, the defendants have not provided countervailing
evidence to challenge P4’s evidence, which is that the sum of RMB 3 million
was collected from the staff shareholders and paid into P1’s corporate
account. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 96.

Having earlier accepted that the informal shareholding arrangement did in fact
exist, this is, in all likelihood, a continuation of this arrangement. This
analysis is moreover consistent with Wang Linxuan’s evidence 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Wang Linxuan’s AEIC, para 14(b).

that he had contributed an estimated sum of RMB 60,000 for this first capital
increase. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 54.

His inability to provide an exact figure of his contribution is understandable
given the number of years that had passed since then.

March 2002: P1’s second capital increase

185 On 6 March 2002, P1’s capital was increased for a second time, this time
by RMB 10 million, bringing its total capital to RMB 20 million. The
additional funds were invested in the name of P4, resulting in his
shareholding increasing to 80%. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Exhibit D1.

The defendants’ case is two-fold. First, they claim that the new capital
attributed to P4 was in fact paid by P1. Second, they claim that the dilution
in P2’s shareholding (now 20%) was brought about without the requisite State
authority.

186 With respect to the defendants’ first claim, the defendants rely on a
bank-in slip dated 5 March 2002 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB1334.

attached to a Capital Verification Report dated 6 March 2002. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB1326–1333.

The bank-in slip shows that the RMB 10 million was paid out of P1’s account
with Agricultural Bank East Branch and into P1’s account with a bank whose
name was illegible on the document. The defendants argue that this is
sufficient to prove the defendants’ case. But once again, however, the Capital
Verification Report itself explains why this is the case: 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB1332.

As of 5 March 2002, [P1] has received [P4’s] payment of RMB 10 million, being
the total amount of the newly increased registered capital, which was
deposited on 5 March 2002 into the RMB account … at China Agricultural Bank
Qingdao City South District Branch Donghai Road Sub-branch Office, this being
the sum of RMB 10 million.

Although worded in slightly different terms, the purport of this is clearly
the same as the earlier Capital Verification Report of 15 June 2001 (see [184]
above). It explains why the bank-in slip shows the funds as originating from
P1: the RMB 10 million was paid into P1’s corporate banking account, and this
was later transferred into P1’s capital verification account. As before,
however, neither the Capital Verification Report nor the bank-in slip attached
shows the original source(s) of the funds. The defendants’ case, based on the
bank-in slip alone, is therefore not established.

187 The defendants have no other countervailing evidence to challenge P4’s
evidence that this second capital increase was contributed by the staff
shareholders pursuant to the informal shareholding arrangement. The monies
were collected from these members and deposited into P1’s corporate account.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 100.

Wang Linxuan’s evidence is similar, 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Wang Linxuan’s AEIC, para 14(c).

and at trial he stated that he had contributed around RMB 200,000 to 300,000
during this second capital increase. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 58.

188 As for the defendants’ second claim, reliance is placed on Xu Ying’s
evidence that the dilution of P2’s shareholding in P1 from 40% to 20% was a
change which had to be evaluated by a qualified valuation firm, submitted to
the relevant state-owned assets administration authority for approval and
registered with the relevant local governments. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Xu Ying’s AEIC, Exhibit XY-1, paras 48 and 52.

The likelihood, according to the defendants, is that the requisite approval
was not sought or granted, and that the State authorities were “kept in the
dark” about this. The quality of this evidence is not enough to shift the
evidential burden to the plaintiffs, let alone discharge the defendants’ legal
burden. As against the defendants’ contention, the plaintiffs’ expert, Cao
Jun, testified that since the rules and regulations pertaining to the
administration of state-owned assets in force at that time did not expressly
require the approval of the relevant authorities in charge of the
administration of state-owned assets for this type of situation, this capital
increase did not violate any mandatory rules under any law or regulation, and
no approval from the relevant authorities in charge of the administration of
state-owned assets was required for this capital increase. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Cao Jun’s AEIC, Exhibit CJ-1, para 57.

May 2003: Transfer of shares to the SSC and Qingdao Construction Group Real
Estate Co., Ltd (“QCGRE”)

189 On 13 February 2003, P1’s name was changed to Qingdao Construction Group
Zero Zero One Engineering Co., Ltd. On 26 May 2003, there was a significant
change in P1’s shareholding, and this took place by way of two main
transactions: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Exhibit D1.

(a) First, P4 (who previously held 80% of P1’s shares) transferred 70% of P1’s
shares to the newly-established SSC of P1 and 10% of the same to QCGRE.

(b) Second, P2 (which previously held 20% of P1’s shares) transferred all of
its shares to QCGRE.

The result is that the SSC now held 70% of P1’s shares, while QCGRE held the
remaining 30%. As of 16 January 2003, the SSC had 107 members, including P4,
P5 and Wang Linxuan. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB560–566.

190 The defendants’ case involves two allegations. First, the defendants
allege that through this transaction, P4 received RMB 16 million for the
shares in P1 for which he had never paid. Second, they allege that P1
misrepresented its capital position to the authorities when seeking approval
for this transaction.

191 With respect to the first allegation, the defendants rely on an Equity
Transfer Agreement dated 18 May 2003 which states that P4 was the transferor
of the shares worth RMB 16 million. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB580–582.

Against this, the plaintiffs’ case is that, pursuant to the informal
shareholding arrangement, the RMB 16 million received from the transfer was
distributed by P1’s finance department to the individuals for whom P4 held
P1’s shares or issued directly to the SSC. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 119.

A somewhat similar position was maintained by P4 at trial. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcripts (18 September 2015), p 51.

192 The difficulty the defendants face in making out their case is the need
for cogent evidence since misappropriation of state-owned assets is a serious
allegation. The Equity Transfer Agreement does not assist the defendants
because all it shows is that P4 was the transferor of the shares. In the
informal shareholding arrangement, P4 was the appointed nominee and it is
reasonable that the proceeds of the transfer were subsequently paid out to its
members; indeed, it would be wholly unimaginable that the members of the
informal shareholding arrangement were content to let P4 retain all the
proceeds of the transfer despite their earlier contributions.

193 What is also being alleged by the defendants is that P1 was simply handing
out shares without consideration to favoured employees. The basis for this is
alleged admissions by P4 and Wang Linxuan at trial that the number of shares
allotted to the members of the SSC were not reflective of the sums they had
paid, but determined by factors such as length of service, seniority and
performance. I note that while P4 had seemingly admitted initially that each
person’s entitlement to the shareholding had nothing to do with his
contribution, 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcripts (17 September 2015), pp 33–34.

he subsequently clarified, in no uncertain terms, that there was a
“corresponding” relationship between the contributions of the members of the
SSC and their allocation of shares. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcripts (18 September 2015), p 49.

As for Wang Linxuan, his evidence is simply that different people in the
company were allocated different number of shares based on factors such as
their period of service and position within the company. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), pp 62–63.

This methodology does not mean that the allocation of shares was not
reflective of the amount contributed by the members of the SSC. Rather, one
plausible reading of the evidence is that Wang Linxuan was instead referring
to the decision-making process behind how many shares each member of the SSC
could subscribe for in the first place, before they paid for these shares. In
this regard, I note that the Member List of the SSC 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB560–566.

only has a column for each member’s “Funding Amount”; it does not have a
column for the number of “shares” he has. To my mind, this suggests that the
governing criterion amongst the members was the amount he had contributed. In
any event, even if the number of shares allotted to the members of the SSC was
not reflective of the sums they had paid, this is still a far cry from the
defendants’ allegation that P1 was handing out shares without consideration to
favoured employees.

194 As for the defendants’ second allegation, reliance is placed on a Reply
Regarding Qingdao Zero Zero One Engineering Co., Ltd’s Transfer of State-Owned
Shares sent by the Qingdao State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission to P2. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB2106.

This document is dated 21 April 2003 and it approves the transfer of P2’s
shares to QCGRE. However, it states that P1 has a registered capital of RMB 10
million, of which P2 held 40% of the shares. The defendants argue that this
document indicates that P2 had misstated its capital position, and that this
misrepresentation is consistent with a reluctance on the plaintiffs’ part to
let the authorities know that the state-owned interest in P1 had already been
significantly diluted. On the other side, the plaintiffs’ position is that no
such misrepresentation had been made to the authorities.

195 The Reply Regarding Qingdao Zero Zero One Engineering Co., Ltd’s Transfer
of State-Owned Shares does not further the defendants’ case. The point to be
made is that this document was sent by the authorities and there is nothing to
suggest that the mistakes as to P1’s capital position were a result of the
misrepresentation of any of the plaintiffs. The mistake could equally have
been a result of the authorities relying on old records. In this regard, I
note that the document states P1’s name as Qingdao Zero Zero One Engineering
Co., Ltd even though its name had already changed to Qingdao Construction
Group Zero Zero One Engineering Co., Ltd as of 13 February 2003. Even if the
mistake was a result of wrong information provided by the plaintiffs, this was
probably inadvertent since, as Cao Jun pointed out, all information regarding
P1’s share capital increase and shareholding interests were a matter of public
record which the authorities in the PRC could easily verify. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Cao Jun’s AEIC, Exhibit CJ-1, para 72.

May 2005: Transfer of QCGRE’s shares to the SSC and individual shareholders

196 On 8 May 2005, QCGRE transferred 26% of P1’s shares to the SSC and 4% of
the same to three individuals, Liu Wei, Zhong Zhao Hai and Tao Guan Si. With
this transfer, the SSC held 96% of P1’s shares, while the three individuals
held the remaining 4%. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Exhibit D1.

According to the defendants, this transfer was significant as, since QCGRE was
majority-owned by P2, the latter was thereby relinquishing its last indirect
interest in P1.

197 The defendants’ case is that the transfer took place for no consideration.
First, this assertion has not been pleaded in the Defence (Amendment No. 1).
In any event, and this is the second point, the defendants’ case is clearly
unsupportable as there is simply no evidence that the transfer took place for
no consideration. Reliance is placed by the defendants on the Equity Transfer
Agreement dated 8 May 2005, 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

AB603–605.

which the defendants say refers to payment but does not attach any terms of
payment. But the fact is that this document plainly contemplates payment for
the transfer and, in the normal course of business, payment would have
followed its execution. The defendants bear the burden of proving non-payment.

June 2005: P1’s third capital increase

198 On 8 June 2005, P1’s capital was increased by RMB 40 million to RMB 60
million. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Exhibit D1.

The defendants allege that the “likelihood” is that this capital increase was
“substantially funded” by P1 and/or P2. Once again, however, this assertion
has not been pleaded.

199 Be that as it may, the defendants’ case is, in any event, not borne out by
the evidence. The defendants claim that there must be “considerable doubt” as
to whether the members of the SSC could have afforded such a large investment
from their own means, but this is clearly a speculative assertion. This is
especially so in light of P4’s evidence that as the original shareholding was
already confirmed, “everyone had to pay up” during this capital increase. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Transcripts (17 September 2015), p 57.

Likewise, Wang Linxuan’s evidence is that he had contributed to this capital
increase. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 67.

I should add, at this juncture, that the plaintiffs have additionally sought
to rely on the Capital Verification Report for this capital increase 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB1342–1343.

which stated that the RMB 40 million was received from the SSC and the three
individual shareholders. However, I have not given any weight to this piece of
evidence. As stated earlier, the Capital Verification Reports do not reveal
anything about the original source(s) of the funds.

June 2007: Transfer of shares to Qingdao Bohai Investment Co., Ltd. (“QBI”)
and individual shareholders

200 On 29 June 2007, the SSC transferred its entire shareholding in P1 to QBI,
while the three individual shareholders transferred their shares to QBI and
three other individuals (viz., P5, Ren Xiao Qing and Wang Xianmao). The end
result was that 98% of P1’s shares became owned by QBI, while the remaining 2%
were owned by the three individuals. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Exhibit D1.

It appears that QBI was owned by 17 individual shareholders, including P4, P5
and Wang Linxuan, who owned, respectively, 24.81%, 9.31% and 3.9% of the
shares therein. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Exhibit D3 (amended).

201 The defendants’ case is that this transaction was ultimately not funded by
QBI or its named shareholders, but by P1, since it was P1 that came up with
the money to capitalise QBI during its incorporation. The defendants allege
that QBI had falsely stated that the funding for its initial capitalisation
had come from its 17 individual shareholders and, in this regard, refer to the
Decision on Administrative Penalty issued by the Administration for Industry
and Commerce on 28 July 2008. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

DCB119.

The substance of this document seems to be that QBI had wrongly stated that
the cheque issuers for its registered capital of RMB 60 million were 17
individuals when the cheque issuer was actually P1. The document further
states that this “constitutes an act of violation through using other
deceitful means to hide important facts to obtain company registration”. QBI
had thus violated the Companies Act of the PRC and was fined accordingly.

202 The plaintiffs, on the other hand, contend that this transfer was part of
a restructuring exercise. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 338; Yuan Hongjun’s AEIC, para 68;
Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 78.

Wang Linxuan’s evidence appears to be that the 17 individual shareholders of
QBI were the nominees of the SSC, 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), pp 72–73.

and that it was the members of the SSC who had contributed the RMB 60 million
in setting up QBI. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 78.

The plaintiffs claim that the Decision on Administrative Penalty was a result
of an administrative error 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 133; Transcripts (25 September 2015), p 78.

and that, in any event, it was eventually rectified. With regard to this
latter point, the plaintiffs say that after the Decision on Administrative
Penalty, the shareholders of QBI had paid their respective contributions
directly, as evidenced by an Audit Report dated 16 August 2008. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AB1369–1381.

On this point, the defendants argue that this rectification was likely to have
been merely cosmetic, ie, P1 simply channelled its funds through the 17
individual shareholders.

203 In any case, the Audit Report, like the Capital Verification Reports, does
not show the original source(s) of the funds. The plaintiffs’ evidence, as set
out above, is that it was the members of the SSC who had contributed the RMB
60 million in setting up QBI and that the situation which gave rise to the
Decision on Administrative Penalty was an administrative error that was
eventually rectified. To my mind, that the members of the SSC should be the
ultimate owners of QBI is simply a continuation of the state of affairs from
the SSC and the informal shareholding arrangement that preceded it, albeit in
a slightly different form (in that the shares were now held by QBI and not by
the SSC or in accordance with the informal shareholding arrangement).

204 In any event, even if I were to take the defendants’ case at its highest,
there still remains an obstacle for the defendants. It follows from [196]
above that, by the defendants’ own case, P1 was, by this time, a fully private
company. Thus, there were simply no state-owned assets to speak about by this
stage, much less any misappropriation of the same.

205 A so-called second string in the defendants’ bow is the allegation that
the Share Transfer Agreements for this transaction make no mention of QBI or
the three individuals giving any consideration for the shares they were to
acquire. It is not clear how this is intended to sit with the defendants’ case
that the transfer was ultimately funded by P1, since this latter case clearly
contemplates consideration having been provided. In any event, apart from the
fact that this has not been clearly pleaded, the evidence does not bear this
out. The Share Transfer Agreements 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

AB649–655.

state the value of the shares being transferred and it can be inferred from
this that payment was contemplated. Elsewhere, the defendants allege that
QBI’s acquisition of P1 for RMB 60 million was a transaction at a “severe
undervalue”. The simple answer to this is that the defendants have not adduced
any satisfactory evidence to back up their claim that, as of June 2007, P1 was
“worth much more”.

Changes in shareholders of P2

September 2007: Partial privatisation of P2

206 P2 started out as a fully state-owned entity. This changed on 27 September
2007, when P2’s shares were transferred from the State to a number of
entities: 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Exhibit D1; AB1348–1349.

(a) 30% of P2’s shares were transferred to Shandong Haiwei. The original plan
was for Shandong Haiwei to hold these shares on trust for two American
companies, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 158–159; Cao Jun’s AEIC, Exhibit CJ-1, para 95.

but this plan fell through due to the US subprime crisis. The result was that
Shandong Haiwei held these shares in its own name. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AB953–954.

(b) 55% of P2’s shares were transferred to five other companies, including
QCGRE and P1, who held 35% and 6% of P2’s shares respectively. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AB1348–1349.

(c) 15% of P2’s shares were transferred to the State Owned Assets Supervision
and Administration Commission of the Qingdao Municipal Government (“SASAC”).

207 P2’s registered capital was RMB 300 million. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Du Bo’s AEIC, para 156; Exhibit D1.

The defendants’ case is that Shandong Haiwei had acquired its shares in P2
without paying any of the RMB 90 million it was supposed to contribute, and
that P4 was able to bring this about through abusing his position. The
plaintiffs’ position is that the payment of RMB 90 million was made by
Shandong Haiwei. I should also note that while parties are at variance over
the legality of the arrangement between Shandong Haiwei and the two American
companies and have submitted on this at some length, this is largely
unnecessary. The fact is that the arrangement never materialised. I will
therefore focus my comments solely on the primary allegation in the
defendants’ case, ie, whether, through P4’s alleged abuse of position,
Shandong Haiwei had acquired its shares in P2 for no consideration. I note at
the outset that this allegation has not been expressly pleaded by the
defendants. The defendants have two arguments in this regard.

208 The defendants first submit that while the Capital Verification Reports
purport to record Shandong Haiwei as having made the necessary payments in
September 2007 and January 2008, they do not attach any receipts and are
unreliable evidence. As I have mentioned earlier at [182], Xu Ying’s evidence
is that while the accounting firm issuing the Capital Verification Reports did
not have to inspect the original sources of funds, it would examine the
capital account of the company and the wiring proofs to verify that the
capital contributions were made through the shareholders’ accounts to the
company. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Xu Ying’s AEIC, Exhibit XY-1, para 17.

In other words, the Capital Verification Reports were only issued after the
flow of funds had been ascertained. Thus, the Capital Verification Reports
dated 27 September 2007 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

AB1348–1349.

and 4 January 2008 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AB1353–1355.

show that there was a flow of RMB 90 million from Shandong Haiwei’s accounts
to P2. There is no countervailing evidence from the defendants to support
their claim that Shandong Haiwei’s shares in P2 was acquired for no
consideration. If there is any question at all, this has to do with the
original source of this consideration, but this is not the case run by the
defendants.

209 Moreover, the decision to allow Shandong Haiwei to hold 30% of P2’s shares
in its own name despite the non-materialisation of the trust arrangement was
made at a shareholders’ meeting on 22 December 2008. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AB953–954.

The plaintiffs argue that it would have been “impossible” for the other
shareholders to have agreed to allow Shandong Haiwei to do so if it had not
made full payment of its capital contribution. While “impossible” may be
putting the matter too far, there is certainly merit to this submission. I
note, critically, that the SASAC appears to have been represented at this
meeting. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AB953–954.

210 The defendants’ second submission is that the RMB 90 million allegedly
paid by Shandong Haiwei dwarfed Shandong Haiwei’s own capitalisation, which
was supposedly RMB 50 million. This is nothing more than a speculative
suggestion.

October 2012: Transfer of Shandong Haiwei’s shares to Shanghai Heliyuan

211 On 31 October 2012, Shandong Haiwei transferred its 30% share in P2 to
Shanghai Heliyuan. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Exhibit D1.

There were some other shareholding changes as well, including an increase in
P1’s shares in P2, but these are not relevant for present purposes as the
defendants’ case do not rest on them. Their case is that P4 had caused
Shandong Haiwei to transfer its shares for no consideration. The plaintiffs
disagree.

212 The Notice of Approved Registration for Shanghai Heliyuan dated 22 October
2012 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AB958–960.

indicates through what appears to be an attached application form that
Shanghai Heliyuan’s two shareholders were P4 (holding 99.5% of Shanghai
Heliyuan’s shares) and one Cao Shujian (holding 0.5% of the same). The Share
Transfer Agreement between Shandong Haiwei and Shanghai Heliyuan dated 31
October 2012 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

AB963–964.

states the transfer price as RMB 111.22 million to be paid in instalments.
Apart from two initial payments totalling RMB 6 million, which were to be paid
within 30 days of the agreement, the remaining instalments were to be paid
within a time period of approximately eight years. At trial, P4 confirmed that
Shanghai Heliyuan was still paying for this transfer. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Transcripts (18 September 2015), p 15.

213 The defendants, however, have not produced any satisfactory evidence to
make out their case. They allege that the price and terms of payment were
exceptionally favourable to Shanghai Heliyuan. It is not clear why this is the
case. Crucially, this allegation, assuming it were true, runs contrary to the
defendants’ primary case that no consideration was given for the transfer. The
defendants also allege that it is inconceivable that, within a month of
incorporation, Shanghai Heliyuan could have built up assets sufficient to pay
the initial RMB 6 million. But this is, once again, a conjecture and, even if
true, does not automatically lead to the conclusion that no consideration was
given for the transfer. At trial, D1 said that his basis for saying that no
consideration was given was that he did not see any proof of payment. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Transcripts (2 October 2015), p 21.

This is plainly an inapt and unacceptable attempt to shift the evidential
burden to the plaintiffs.

December 2012: Transfer of shares to Guoqing

214 Sometime in December 2012, the shareholders of P2 incorporated Guoqing in
order to hold their shares in P2. A small amount of additional capital was
contributed by a company called Qingdao City Construction Design Institute
Co., Ltd, with the result that Guoqing held 99.9% of the shares in P2. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Exhibit D1; Defendants’ closing submissions, para 174.

It is agreed that there was no material change in the ultimate shareholding of
P2.

215 In their pleadings, the defendants had originally alleged that Guoqing was
used by P4 and P5 to “systematically” effect the transfer of P2’s assets out
of the PRC to abroad, in particular to establish various entities in Singapore
with the name “Qingjian”. This has been abandoned by the defendants in their
closing submissions and, for this reason, it is not necessary for me to say
anything more about it.

P4 and P5’s move to Singapore

216 The defendants finally allege that P4 and P5 had made use of their
positions in P2 in their respective applications for permanent residency in
Singapore. I need not consider this allegation for the simple reason that,
even if true, it does not go towards justifying the sting in the Online
Articles. The reference to P4 and P5’s permanent residency application in
Article 1 and Article 4 is in the context of their reliance on “Qingjian Group
Singapore company”, and not P2. Likewise, the reference in Article 2 to the
entire family of P4 having obtained permanent residency in Singapore makes no
mention of P2. Moreover, this allegation plainly does not justify the
imputation in Articles 2 and 4 that P4 and P5 had absconded or were planning
to abscond by migrating to Singapore.

P4 and P5’s involvement

217 Central to the defendants’ case is the claim that throughout the
aforementioned stages from state-owned enterprise to private ownership, P4 and
P5 had simultaneously held a number of powerful appointments in key
organisations, including P1, P2, the SSC, QCGRE, QBI, Shandong Haiwei and
Shanghai Heliyuan. The suggestion is that P4 and P5’s holding of these
positions had allowed the various transactions to take place. The defendants’
submission is that given P4 and P5’s “remarkable nexus of power”, the
possibility of shareholders, other directors or supervisors intervening to
thwart their alleged plans “must have been so remote as to be negligible”, and
that it is reasonable to infer that, where necessary, P4 and P5 were able to
persuade others to join them in their alleged scheme.

218 Plainly, the involvement of P4 and P5 in the aforementioned transactions
is a critical part of the defendants’ case. These transactions alone would not
justify the defamatory imputations of the Online Articles if they were carried
out without the involvement of P4 and P5. However, having found above that the
defendants have not even shown that these transactions were improperly carried
out, it is not necessary for me to deal with P4 and P5’s involvement in the
relevant organisations at the various stages. In any event, the defendants’
claims in this regard are unacceptably speculative, for there is no objective
evidence showing P4 and P5 had indeed used their positions to put into effect
these transactions.

Conclusion on the justification issue

219 In light of the assessment above, the defendants have not established the
defence of justification. This view is nonetheless moot seeing that the
plaintiffs have not succeeded on the issue of liability.

The claims in conspiracy

220 The plaintiffs’ claims in conspiracy are on the basis that both conspiracy
by unlawful means and conspiracy by lawful means are made out on the evidence.
What is clear is that the plaintiffs’ claims in conspiracy (both by unlawful
means and by lawful means) are premised on the defendants having published the
Online Articles and/or the News Articles. To succeed in these claims, the
plaintiffs have to show that the defendants combined to publish and did
publish the offensive material. As I have found that the defendants are not
responsible for the publication of both the Online Articles and the News
Articles, it follows that the claims in conspiracy must also fail.

Conclusion

221 The plaintiffs’ action against the defendants is dismissed. However, my
inclination is to discount the costs recoverable by the defendants, who have
failed in establishing the defence of justification, which was an issue that
occupied much of the time at trial. I will therefore hear parties on costs.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Lee Eng Beng SC, Wendy Low and Cherrin Wong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the plaintiffs;  
Quek Mong Hua, Anthony Wong and Teo Wei Ching (Lee & Lee) for the defendants.

Annex A

Article 1 (Category A) 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

AB133–137.

The well-known state-owned enterprise, Qingdao Construction Group Co., Ltd was
once the flagship of state-owned enterprise in Qingdao. Local government had
provided great care and the citizens had provided great honour to it. The
group’s chairman, Mr Du Bo had served as (people’s representative) repeatedly
in Qingdao City, in Shandong Province and in mainland China. Later Qingjian
Group moved to Singapore, its foreign businesses bloomed, with enormous amount
of funds flowing overseas. Just when this state-owned enterprise was gaining
its prosperity, a news shocked the whole island city: Qingjian withdrew itself
from state-owned enterprise, becoming a personal company owned by Du Bo, Yuan
Hongjun and some other personnel. Qingjian Group, a company carried the
unlimited expectations of citizens from the island city, was partitioned. How
did this well-known state-owned enterprise which held billions of dollars in
assets get misappropriated by individuals? Through investigations, we have
discovered this major case of a planned, organised and step-by-step
misappropriation of state-owned asset which involved more than ten years of
planning by about ten people.

Looking at the industrial and commercial profile of Qingjian Group and its
related companies, one could be dazzled by the information. However, we have
extracted the following from these information to enable readers to find out
some clues, thereby disclosing the story behind the case of misappropriation
of state-owned asset by Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and others.

Company 001 – the Main Vessel of Embezzlement of the State-owned Assets by Du
Bo and Others

On 18 May 1998, 40-year-old Du Bo, former general manager of Qingdao
Construction Materials Corporation and current general manager of Qingdao
Construction Group, had never thought that he would become a billionaire one
day, walking into the Great Hall of People and participating in politics with
the identity of national (people’s representative), leading the enterprise and
the whole family to migrate to South East Asia and joining Singapore’s upper
society through his status in one of the strongest five hundred enterprises in
China.

On 18 May 1998, Du Bo had in his personal name and acted jointly with Qingdao
Construction Group established Qingdao Century Decoration Co., Ltd. Qingjian
Group provided its office without payment and its businesses were also related
to Qingjian Group. But Du Bo, who held 60% of shares, represented individual
interests of tens of Qingjian’s core members. After many revisions, Century
Decoration changed its name to Qingdao 001 Decoration Co., Ltd and Qingdao 001
Engineering Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “001”).

001 was the main vessel led by Du Bo in embezzling the huge amounts of state-
owned assets of Qingjian. Currently, the company is the main shareholder and
actual controller of Qingjian’s shares. However, when looking back at the
history, almost all individual shareholders of 001 had not contributed any
fund. For the past ten years, they utilised the state-owned economic status of
Qingjian to obtain financing, based on the security of state-owned assets and
obtained other financial advantages and utilised the biased funding policy
given by Qingdao City to the state-owned economic entities of the construction
group, becoming the main entity of Qingjian from a parasite raised internally
by the state-owned enterprise, completely achieved the target of embezzling
the huge sum of state-owned asset.

In 2001 and 2002, 001 conducted two capital increments. Its registered capital
was increased from 5 million to 10 million and eventually to 20 million. Du
Bo’s shareholding ratio was also increased from 60% to 70%, in other words,
the total capital contributed was 14 million, in which 3 million and 8 million
of the capital contributed during the two capital increments were funded by
001 on his behalf. Du Bo and the majority of shareholders who he represented
had not contributed a single cent.

In February 2002, with the agreement of Du Bo and others and without complete
land information, Qingjian transferred a 433.64m2 property which was located
at No. 19, Chengkou Road, Shibei District, Qingdao City to 001 through
unorthodox procedures. This property had been provided to 001 for use freely.

In 2003, in order to deceive the public and obtain loan without interest or
with low interest from Qingjian even more conveniently, Du Bo and others
changed the name of 001 to Qingdao Construction Group 001 Engineering Co.,
Ltd. This enabled them to use the name of “Qingdao Construction Group” or
“Construction Group” publicly.

In the same year, in order to draw in the competent core team, Du Bo
transferred all his 14 million shares to part of the core staffs of Qingjian
Group in the name of state-owned enterprise restructure. At the same time, he
also transferred Qingjian Group’s remaining 30% to the staffs. Since then, 001
was no longer a state-owned enterprise and became a private company.

In 2005, 001 once again obtained the property right previously owned by
Qingjian through the back door. The property of 1413.41 m2 was located at No.
1, Dexian Road, Qingdao.

Later, 001 conducted capital increment repeatedly. By 2010, its registered
capital was increased to 100 million yuan, and was increased to 200 million
yuan by Haiding Investment, a related enterprise held by 001’s staff. In
December 2011, 001 changed its name to Qingdao Bohai Construction Group Co.,
Ltd.

To realize a more standardized and reasonable private economic control over
Qingjian, the main members of the Conference of All Share Holding Employees
(hereinafter referred to a CSHE) of 001 with Do Bo as the leader, established
Qingdao Bohai Investment Co., Ltd and completely took up the shares of the
CSHE of Bohai Construction, which formed 98% of Bohai Construction’s
shareholding.

Bohai Investment had insufficient resources at first, but it also displayed
the main features of Du Bo and others in developing a private enterprise by
utilising state-owned resources. The legal representative of the company was
Du Bo. It was established in 2007 with 17 people including Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun
and Ren Xiaoqing as its shareholders. Its registered capital was RMB¥60
million, in which Du Bo had contributed RMB¥14.886 million, equivalent to
24.81%; Yuan Hongjun had contributed RMB¥5.583 million, equivalent to 9.31%
while Ren Xiaoqing had contributed RMB¥6.705 million, equivalent to 11.18%.

In July 2008, Administration for Industry and Commerce of Qingdao made an
administrative penalty decision – Qing Gong Shang Jing San Chu Zi (2008) No.
32 Administrative Penalty Decision. Bohai Investment was fined RMB¥150
thousand. According to the decision, when Bohai Investment was processing
company registration, its registered capital of RMB¥60 million was transferred
from the account of Qingdao Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd at
Qingdao Ningxia Road Sub-branch of China Everbright Bank to the capital
verification account of Qingdao Bohai Investment Co., Ltd at Qingdao Hi-Tech
Park Sub-branch of China Construction Bank in 27 times. The drawer stated on
the transfer cheque of Qingdao Ningxia Road Sub-branch of China Everbright
Bank and the second copy (proof of lender) of the bank-in slip of Qingdao Hi-
Tech Park Sub-branch of China Construction Bank was Qingdao Construction Group
001 Engineering Co., Ltd, while the verification report submitted by Bohai
Investment for industrial and commercial registration stated that the drawers
of the third copy (receipt notice) of the bank-in slip of Qingdao Hi-Tech Park
Sub-branch of China Construction Bank were the 17 shareholders who were
natural persons. This was inconsistent with the actual situation. The above
act of the concerned parties had constituted the illegal act of using other
fraud and concealing important facts to obtain company registration.

From Qingjian to Bohai – Du Bo and others had successfully transformed
Qingjian from state-owned enterprise to private-owned enterprise

Qingjian Group was a state-owned enterprise established under Qingdao
municipal government’s approval in 1994. By July 2005, Qingdao Group owned 29
different enterprises, leading in construction, construction materials, real
estate property, road and bridge construction and other areas, with its total
assets reaching up to RMB¥2.6 billion.

In 2007, upon restructuring, Qingjian Group became a joint stock company. The
enterprise changed its name to Qingjian Group Co., Ltd but kept “Qingdao
Construction Group Co., Ltd” as its secondary name. The legal representative
of the newly restructured Qingjian Group Co., Ltd was Du Bo, who was the
chairman of the company. The registered capital of the company was RMB¥300
million, in which Qingjian Group Real Estate Co., Ltd (Qingdao Qingjian
Holdings) held RMB¥105 million of shares with shareholding ratio of 35%;
Qingdao Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd (later known as Qingdao
Bohai Construction Group Co., Ltd) held RMB¥18 million with shareholding ratio
of 6%. Other shareholders included ShangdongHaiwei Real Estate Co., Ltd (30%),
State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Qingdao
Municipal Government (15%), Qingdao Haide Road and Bridge Engineering Co., Ltd
(6 million, 2%), Beijing Chengyutai Business Co., Ltd (15 million, 5%),
Beijing ZhongheLidun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd (21 million, 7%).

The fund needed for Qingjian’s share restructuring came from the loan borrowed
from China Development Bank by Qingjian Co., Ltd. On 31 July 2012, Qingjian
Group Co., Ltd borrowed equity loan of RMB¥200 million from China Development
Bank by pledging 86.66% shares in its subsidiary Qingdao Haiding Investment
Guarantee Co., Ltd and 100% shares in Qingjian Group Co., Ltd. Another related
company guaranteed by Haiding Investments, being Qingdao Haiding Innovative
Equity Investment Enterprise (limited liability partnership), conducted
capital increase onto 001 on the same year, increasing the registered capital
of 001 to RMB¥200 million.

Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate Co., Ltd, a major shareholder which
held 35% shares in Qingjian, had a registered capital of RMB¥50 million.
Former Qingjian Group held 33% of shares (state-owned shares) while the legal
representatives of CSHE held 67%. In 2007, when Qingjian group was conducting
restructure into a joint stock company, the entire state-owned shares of
Qingjian Real Estate was withdrawn, all RMB¥50 million of shares were held by
the legal representatives of CSHE. In May 2008, it changed its name to Qingdao
Qingjian Holdings Co., Ltd.

001 had specifically established Shandong Haiwei Real Estate Co., Ltd. The
company’s registered capital was RMB¥10 million, in which 001 funded RMB¥4.5
million, equivalent to 45%; Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate Co., Ltd
funded RMB¥4.5 million, equivalent to 45%; 7 persons including Yuan Hongjun
took up the other 10%; Shandong Haiwei held 30% of shares in Qingjian.

Qingjian Real Estate Co., Ltd had also cooperated with Huang Jiagao, Gong
Guanglei and others to establish Qingdao Haide Road and Bridge Engineering
Co., Ltd, which held 2% of shares in Qingjian. In 2008, Qingjian Real Estate
transferred its shares to Qingjian Group Co., Ltd at RMB¥7.25 million.
Currently, the company’s registered capital is increased to RMB¥41 million, in
which Huang Jiagao increased his fund to RMB¥14.47 million, equivalent to
35.29%; increased capital to RMB¥9.6 million, equivalent to 23.41%; the
contribution of Qingjian Co., Ltd remains unchanged, but its shareholding
ratio is decreased to 17.07%; The contribution of Second Engineering Co., Ltd
of The Third Engineering Group of China Railway also remains unchanged but its
shareholding ratio is decreased to 14.63%.

In 2001, 001 established Qingdao 001 Haida Engineering Co., Ltd (its current
name being Qingdao 001 Haida Engineering Services Co., Ltd).

The company was established with approval from Qingdao Construction Group. Its
registered capital was RMB¥600 thousand, in which took up 50% while the
company staff took up 50%. Its legal representative was Wang Chunliang (held
30% of shares). In 2006, the company changed its name to Qingdao 001 Haida
Engineering Services Co., Ltd.

After the completion of restructuring in 2008, Qingjian Holdings had
completely become a private economic entity held by Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and
other core personnel. Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate with Du Bo being
its legal representative and Qingjian 001 Engineering Co., Ltd with Yuan
Hongjun as its legal representative appeared frequently. The former
shareholder of these two companies was the state-owned enterprise Qingjian
Group and almost all the shareholders of the final shareholding companies of
Qingjian Group involved these two companies. If we continue tracing the case,
Du Bo’s and Yuan Hongjun were the shareholders of all companies and they had
eventually become the real major shareholders of Qingjian with Qingjian CSHE
which was supported by Du Bo help them to pass off the fish eyes for pearls.
Was this perfect acquisition truly due to Qingjian’s failure to resist which
eventually led to its acquisition? What is the truth?

Qingjian Group was a benchmarking enterprise moulded by the municipal
government of Qingdao City, and was once the leader of Qingdao state-owned
enterprise system. Qingdao municipal government had been supporting it for
years, letting it become a competitive enterprise with core competitiveness
and have its total assets increased exponentially. Since Du Bo became the
chairman of Qingjian, he bought over core members of the group, established
subsidiary business counterparts Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate Co.,
Ltd and Qingdao Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd with the assets of
Qingjian Group, with himself, Yuan Hongjun and other core members or their
companies being their shareholders. By utilising his power in Qingjian Group,
Du Bo subcontracted all projects contracted by Qingjian to the two companies
above. Funds needed for the contracts were borrowed from Qingjian Group after
the latter had borrowed loan from bank. After settlement of project, the two
companies returned loan capital with very low interest to Qingjian Group. At
the same time, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun established several companies which were
related to construction. Through false invoice issuance, false reporting of
engineering quantities, raised unit price and other methods, these companies
increased their costs, causing book loss to project, eventually causing loss
to their shareholder Qingjian Group. Day by day, the two companies became
stronger and stronger and eventually acquired their parent company perfectly.
Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and others became the final beneficiaries of this
acquisition.

Relying on Qingjian Group Singapore company, Du Bo has obtained Singapore
permanent residency and his entire family has even migrated to Singapore. They
own several mansions and their assets reach tens of billions. Yuan Hongjun and
other members have also completed migration procedure. According to research,
the entire senior management of Qingjian Group are the main investors of
Qingjian Group Singapore company. Their assets have been transferred overseas
and they own the citizenship of Singapore.

The privatization of Qingdao Construction is just a tip of the iceberg of the
embezzlement of state-owned assets during reform and opening up process.
However, with its embezzlement amount of up to several billions, it has taken
the first place in Shangdong since founding of the country. As the helm of a
state-owned enterprise, Du Bo has led the core team members to become rich
through complete privatization of a state-owned enterprise which had a bright
future and obtained great support from the government. However, if looking at
its development process, from 1998 to 2008, it was indeed deliberately
planned. We also believe that in the wake of uprooting corruption, even if
these parasites have transferred the embezzled state-owned assets overseas,
they will still be subject to punishments and sanctions.

I am NGTECH CHUAN, Singaporean, male, 42 years old. My Singapore IC number is
SXXXX486J, contact method: batman777777@outlook.com.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

Article 2 (Category B) 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

AB147–149.

[City Construction] Using Two Paths and Double Identity, Du Bo and Yuan
Hongjun Embezzled State-owned Assets

Not long ago, news regarding “Singapore Sengkang EC land with 6 bidders,
Qingjian International Made the Highest Bid” has occupied the main page of all
papers. This news report specifically emphasized that Qingjian International
(Nanyang) Group Development Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of the Chinese-funded
enterprise Qingjian Group in Singapore, made the highest bid, which was 245.58
million dollars, equivalent to 331 dollars per square feet. Many people were
confused, why has this state-owned Qingjian Group, which is very well-known in
China, become a private limited company? This privatization of Qingjian Group
is attributable to a group under Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun. In mainland China,
other than being the chairman and CEO of Qingjian Group, Du Bo was also dubbed
with many titles, such as Vice President of Construction Industry Association
of Shandong, PhD in Management, engineering technology application researcher,
State Council specialist with special allowance, doctoral tutor of Tongji
University, etc. and even (people’s representative) representing the people
and fighting benefits for the people! However, he played double roles inside
and outside the country, planning with Yuan Hongjun for more than 10 years to
embezzle the hundred billion state-owned assets!

In 1994, upon approval from Qingdao municipal government, Qingjian Group was
established with state-owned status. In 2007, it was restructured to joint
stock company and the enterprise changed its name to Qingjian Group Co., Ltd,
keeping Qingdao Construction Group Co., Ltd as its secondary name. The legal
representative of the newly restructured Qingjian Group Co., Ltd was Du Bo,
serving as the chairman. In December 2007, Qingjian Group announced Strategy
“1123”, its plan for globalization became clearer. In its regional strategy,
it has made South East Asia with focus on Singapore as one of its key
development market. In business model, it will realize breakthrough in the
business model with Singapore DBSS and other new projects. At the same time,
it will integrate and inter-transfer resources in the domestic and overseas
markets. While accumulating experiences for development and construction of
affordable housing in China through operating DBSS projects, it will transfer
out funds, technologies, talents and other advantages from China and use its
operating experiences in China to support overseas development. Along with the
announcement of Strategy “1123”, Qingjian Group speeded up its plan in
overseas developments, establishing a Qingjian Group Singapore company. In
2008, the Qingjian Group Singapore company successfully bidded for a private
apartment lot located at Bishan Street 24 with S$135.89 million (equivalent to
RMB¥680 million). Being the first Chinese contractor winning a DBSS (Design,
Build and Sell Scheme) project, Qingjian Group became the first foreign
enterprise to successfully bid for a private apartment project in Singapore!
By this, the reputation of Qingjian Group has been renowned overseas! By
utilizing the overseas development strategy of Qingjian Group, Du Bo laid a
good foundation for the development of Qingjian Group Singapore company. His
actual intention was to pave the way to privatize Qingjian Group! He utilized
the power of state-owned enterprise to earn interests and seek development for
his own company!!

After advancing into Singapore in the name of Chinese officer and state-owned
enterprise, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun started to implement their plan! Qingjian
Group owned 7 subsidiaries, they were Qingjian Group Real Estate Co., Ltd,
Qingdao Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd, Shandong Haiwei Real
Estate Co., Ltd, State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission
of Qingdao Municipal Government, Qingdao Haide Road and Bridge Engineering
Co., Ltd, Beijing Chengyutai Business Co., Ltd, Beijing Zhonghe Lidun
Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. Since serving as the chairman of Qingjian, Du
Bo drew in core members of the group, established subsidiary business
counterparts Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate Co., Ltd and Qingdao
Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd in the name of Qingdao Group with
Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and other core members or their companies serving as their
shareholders. By utilising his power in Qingjian, Du Bo subcontracted all
projects contracted by Qingjian to the two companies above. Funds needed for
the contracts were borrowed from Qingjian Group, after the latter had borrowed
loan from bank. After settlement of project, the two companies returned loan
capital with very low interest to Qingjian Group. At the same time, Du Bo and
Yuan Hongjun established several companies which were related to construction.
Through a series of actions, these companies increased their costs, causing
book loss to project, eventually causing loss to their shareholder, Qingjian
Group. By this, they have successfully embezzled the hundred billion state-
owned assets!

In mainland China, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun represent the state-owned
enterprise, and have served as national (people’s representative); in
Singapore, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun are the representatives of Chinese
outstanding businessmen, occupying all main pages of papers, becoming the new
celebrities in Singapore’s construction industry! They have planned these
paths and played these two roles very well! Now, the entire family of Du Bo
has obtained Singapore permanent residency, holding state-owned assets and
flaunting wealth in Singapore! Yuan Hongjun is also actively planning his
migration and escape!

I am a Chinese with a sense of justice. I do not wish to see the state-owned
assets of China being partitioned by the evil acts and behind the legitimate
appearance of Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun! As a Singaporean, I love my country and
I do not wish my country’s business circle to have illegal traders like Du Bo
and Yuan Hongjun, damaging the normal order of market economy! I am appealing
relevant departments to contact me as soon as possible to punish evildoers and
promote righteousness!

I am NGTECH CHUAN, Singaporean, male, 42 years old. My Singapore IC number is
SXXXX486J, contact method: batman777777@outlook.com.

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

Article 4 (Category C) 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

AB164–169.

Migrating to Singapore Disclosure of the Story of Privatization of State-owned
Enterprise and Embezzlement of Hundred Billion Assets

In this era of fighting against corruption, the country has ordered to
strictly forbid those office whose family has migrated overseas from escaping
the country. However, without bothering the laws, Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun have
migrated to Singapore at this critical time. They walked on the edge of
cliffs, transforming a state-owned enterprise into private-owned besides
transferring a hundred billion asset to overseas. They found the most suitable
country to migrate to. For them, this was only a piece of cake. They have
established a twin brother of Qingjian Group, the top five hundred enterprise
in China, in Singapore – a Qingjian Group Singapore company.

Some of you might ask who Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun are […] and who they are to
furiously play with the bottom line of laws? However, back in Shandong
Qingdao, everyone knows about Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun. They have seen how this
state-owned enterprise was being privatized and how its hundred billion asset
was being embezzled. These two persons are very well-known, they are the big
bosses in the construction industry in Qingdao! Qingdao Construction Group is
the flagship of Shandong state-owned enterprise, attracting great attention
from local government […] and great love from the citizens. The chairman of
the group, Du Bo, has repeatedly served as (people’s representative) for
Qingdao City, Shandong Province and the country, and thereby be dubbed with
many beautiful titles, in reality migrated to Singapore. With this beautiful
titles and praises, he has however silently planned a conspiracy to transfer
the state-owned assets overseas! Just when Qingjian Group announced to the
world about its move to Singapore with its growing foreign businesses and
countless victories, one news shocked the whole island city! Qingjian withdrew
itself from state-owned enterprise, becoming a personal company owned by Du
Bo, Yuan Hongjun and some other personnel. […] Qingjian, a company carried the
unlimited expectations of citizens from the island city, was partitioned!

How Qingjian Group, this well-known state-owned enterprise with ten billion of
assets died out in a second? Look at Singapore. Through investigations, […] we
have discovered this major case of planned, organised and step-by-step
misappropriation of state-owned assets which involved more than ten years of
planning by about ten people!

Looking at the industrial and commercial profile of Qingjian Group and its
related companies, one could be dazzled by the information. There is only one
method. However, we have discovered some clues from these information and
disclosed the truth regarding the embezzlement of state-owned assets conducted
by Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and others to you.

In 1994, […] upon approval from Qingdao municipal government, Qingjian Group
was established as a State-owned enterprise. […] In 2007, it was restructured
to joint stock company and the enterprise changed its name to Qingjian Group
Co., Ltd, keeping Qingdao Construction Group Co., Ltd as its secondary name.
[…] The legal representative of the newly restructured Qingjian Group Co., Ltd
was Du Bo, serving as the chairman. […] The registered capital of the company
was RMB¥300 million, in which Qingjian Group Real Estate (Qingdao Qingjian
Holdings) held RMB ¥10,000 of shares with shareholding ratio of 35%; Qingdao
Construction Group 001 Engineering Co., Ltd (later known as Qingdao Bohai
Construction Group Co., Ltd) held RMB¥18 million with shareholding ratio of
6%, invest and migrate. Other shareholders included ShangdongHaiwei Real
Estate Co., Ltd (30%), State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Commission of Qingdao Municipal Government (15%), Qingdao Haide Road and
Bridge Engineering Co., Ltd (6 million, 2%), Beijing ChengyutaiBusiness Co.,
Ltd (15 million, 5%), Beijing ZhongheLidun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd (21
million, 7%).

The names of these subsidiaries are different […] but if you continue
investigating, it is not difficult to discover the shadows of Du Bo, Yuan
Hongjun and others appearing everywhere. These subsidiaries were actually
established by Du Bo and Yuan Hongjun! Through false invoice issuance, false
engineering amount reporting, raised unit price and other methods, these
companies increased their costs, […] causing book loss to project, eventually
causing loss to their shareholder, Qingjian Group. Day by day, […] and year by
year, […] the two companies became stronger […] and eventually acquired their
parent company perfectly. Du Bo, Yuan Hongjun and others became the final
beneficiaries of this acquisition.

Relying on the Qingjian Group Singapore company, Du Bo has obtained Singapore
permanent residency […] and his entire family has even migrated to Singapore.
They own several mansions and their assets reach tens of billions. According
to reliable information, Yuan Hongjun is also actively applying for migration,
putting on an interesting show as an officer whose entire family has migrated
escaping overseas with state-owned assets!

As a human with a sense of conscience, I do not want to stay silent. My
silence will definitely bring more state-owned assets to loss to other country
and foster the violation acts of these officers! I am appealing relevant
departments to contact me as soon as possible, and to return a fresh world to
the public!

I am NGTECKCHUAN, Singaporean, male, 42 years old. My Singapore IC number is
SJ, contact method: superma_very@

[emphasis in original in bold; emphasis added in bold italics]

  
  

Annex B

Articles 1, 3, 9 and 10 (Category A)

In their natural and ordinary meaning, the above statements in Articles 1, 3,
9 and 10 meant and/or would be understood to mean that:

(a) The 1st Plaintiff was the main vehicle which the 4th and 5th Plaintiffs
had made use of to collectively misappropriate the state-owned funds and/or
assets of the 2nd Plaintiff, and was therefore complicit in the 4th and 5th
Plaintiffs’ scheme to embezzle the state-owned funds and/or assets of the 2nd
Plaintiff;

(b) The 2nd Plaintiff had been complicit in the 4th and 5th Plaintiffs’
alleged misappropriation of its assets, by inter alia, allowing bank loans
which it had taken out to fund the projects undertaken by two companies set up
by the 4th Plaintiff (i.e., Qingdao Construction Group Real Estate Co., Ltd
and Qingdao Construction Group Zero Zero One Engineering Co Ltd (the
“Subsidiaries”)), to be repaid to it at an extremely low interest rate;

(c) The 3rd Plaintiff, being a Singapore-incorporated company, had been used
to facilitate 4th and 5th Plaintiffs’ illicit transfer of the 2nd Plaintiff’s
assets out of the P.R.C. into Singapore;

(d) The 4th Plaintiff had committed fraud by increasing his shareholding in
the 1st Plaintiff when the funds contributing to the capital increase in the
latter was attributable to the 2nd Plaintiff;

(e) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs were corrupt and/or untrustworthy and their
credibility is questionable;

(f) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had sought to pass off the 1st Plaintiff as the
2nd Plaintiff by changing the name of the former, so as to deceive and/or
confuse the public into thinking that the 1st Plaintiff was the 2nd Plaintiff
or associated with and/or related to the 2nd Plaintiff;

(g) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had collectively misappropriated the state-
owned assets and/or embezzled the funds of the 2nd Plaintiff, through:

i. allegedly dubious property transfers from the 2nd Plaintiff to the 1st
Plaintiff;

ii. the use of various entities which they had set up, including the 1st
Plaintiff, to obtain loans from the 2nd Plaintiff without interest or at low
interest rates;

iii. the setting up of a number of construction related companies to
exaggerate the cost of carrying out the contracts which were obtained by the
2nd Plaintiff and awarded to the Subsidiaries by the 4th Plaintiff through a
misuse of his position in the 2nd Plaintiff as its director; and/or

iv. the funnelling of funds borrowed by the 2nd Plaintiff to the Subsidiaries
set up by the 4th Plaintiff, in order for the Subsidiaries to carry out the
said contracts awarded to it ; and/or

v. fabricating and/or falsifying documents, such as issuing false invoices,
recording false quantities and marking up unit prices of the projects awarded
to the Subsidiaries, so as to create book loss of the said projects, and
ultimately, to cause losses to the 2nd Plaintiff.

[original emphasis omitted]

Article 2 (Category B)

In their natural and ordinary meaning, the above statements in Article 2 meant
and/or would be understood to mean that:

(a) The 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs had been complicit in the 4th and 5th
Plaintiffs’ alleged misappropriation of the 2nd Plaintiff’s state-owned funds
and/or assets;

(b) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs were corrupt and/or untrustworthy and their
credibility is questionable;

(c) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs conducted their business dealings and trading
activities illegally;

(d) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had conspired to misappropriate the state owned
assets and/or to embezzle the funds of the 2nd Plaintiff through:

i. the setting up of a number of construction related companies to exaggerate
the cost of carrying out the contracts which were obtained by the 2nd
Plaintiff and awarded to the Subsidiaries by the 4th Plaintiff through a
misuse of his position in the 2nd Plaintiff as its director; and/or

ii. the funnelling of funds borrowed by the 2nd Plaintiff to the Subsidiaries
set up by the 4th Plaintiff, in order for the Subsidiaries to carry out the
said contracts awarded to it ; and/or

iii. fabricating and/or falsifying documents by issuing false invoices,
recording false quantities and marking up unit prices of the projects awarded
to the Subsidiaries, so as to create book loss of the said projects, and
ultimately, to cause losses to the 2nd Plaintiff.

(e) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had absconded or are planning to abscond from
the P.R.C. to Singapore to avoid being prosecuted for corruption and/or
embezzlement in the P.R.C.

Articles 4, 5, 7, 8, 11 and 12 (Category C)

In their natural and ordinary meaning, the above statements in Articles 4, 5,
7, 8, 11 and 12 meant and/or would be understood to mean that:

(a) The 2nd Plaintiff had been complicit in the 4th and 5th Plaintiffs’
alleged misappropriation of its assets;

(b) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs were corrupt and/or untrustworthy and their
credibility is questionable;

(c) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had conspired to misappropriate the state owned
assets and/or to embezzle the funds of the 2nd Plaintiff, by issuing false
invoices, recording false quantities and marking up unit prices of the
projects awarded to various companies set up by the 4th and 5th Plaintiffs, so
as to ultimately cause losses to the 2nd Plaintiff, which was a shareholder in
these companies; and

(d) The 4th and 5th Plaintiffs had absconded or are planning to abscond from
the P.R.C. to Singapore to avoid being prosecuted for corruption and/or
embezzlement in the P.R.C.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

