Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCR 11

Originating Summons No 788 of 2016 (Summons No 4103 of 2016)

Between

Actis Excalibur Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

1\. KS Distribution Pte Ltd  
---  
2\. Aqua-Terra Oilfield Equipment & Services Pte Ltd  
3\. SSH Corporation Ltd  
  
… Defendants

And

1\. Kris Taenar Wiluan  
---  
2\. Richard James Wiluan  
  
… Proposed Interveners

JUDGMENT

[Courts and Jurisdiction]–[High Court]–[Judicial Precedent]

[Civil Procedure]–[Joinder of Parties]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Actis Excalibur Ltd

  
v

  

KS Distribution Pte Ltd and others

[2016] SGHCR 11

High Court — Originating Summons No 788 of 2016 (Summons No 4103 of 2016)  
Colin Seow AR  
20 September 2016

31 October 2016 Judgment Reserved.

Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 This judgment relates to Summons No 4103 of 2016 (“the Application”), which
is an application taken out by one Kris Taenar Wiluan and one Richard James
Wiluan (“the 1st Putative Defendant” and “the 2nd Putative Defendant”
respectively) seeking leave to intervene in Originating Summons No 788 of 2016
(“OS 788/2016”).

2 OS 788/2016 is an application taken out by Actis Excalibur Limited (“the
Plaintiff”) seeking, inter alia, leave of court under section 216A of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to “bring actions in the name
and on behalf of” KS Distribution Pte Ltd (“KS Distribution”), Aqua-Terra
Oilfield Equipment & Services Pte Ltd (“ATOES”) and SSH Corporation Ltd
(“SSH”) (collectively “the Companies”) against the Putative Defendants for
“breaches of fiduciary and directors’ duties” owed to the Companies.

Brief background of the dispute

3 The Plaintiff is a 44.65% shareholder of KS Distribution, which is a joint
venture company set up by the Plaintiff and another company known as KS Energy
Ltd (“KS Energy”). Both the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants are, in among
other capacities, KS Energy’s nominee directors in KS Distribution.

4 According to the Plaintiff, ATOES and SSH are companies which are
effectively wholly owned by KS Distribution. It has also been alleged by the
Plaintiff in its supporting affidavit filed under OS 788/2016 that (a) both
the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants are the de facto directors of ATOES, (b)
the 1st Putative Defendant is a de facto director of SSH, and (c) the 2nd
Putative Defendant is a director of SSH.

5 Very broadly as can be gleaned from its supporting affidavit filed under OS
788/2016, the Plaintiff appears to be contending, inter alia, that KS
Distribution, ATOES and SSH have, under the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants’
management and control, been entering into undeclared and illegitimate
“related party transactions” with entities related to the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants. In this regard, the Plaintiff alleges that its contentions are
backed by a public accountant’s preliminary report issued on 15 July 2016
(“KordaMentha Preliminary Report”) and which “reveals numerous breaches of
fiduciary duties” by the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants.

6 In OS 788/2016, the Plaintiff thus seeks, inter alia, leave to commence an
action against the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants under section 216A of the
Act, the material parts of which read as follows:

Derivative or representative actions

216A.—(1) In this section and section 216B —

“complainant” means —

(a) any member of a company;

(b) the Minister, in the case of a declared company under Part IX; or

(c) any other person who, in the discretion of the Court, is a proper person
to make an application under this section.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a complainant may apply to the Court for leave
to bring an action or arbitration in the name and on behalf of the company or
intervene in an action or arbitration to which the company is a party for the
purpose of prosecuting, defending or discontinuing the action or arbitration
on behalf of the company.

(3) No action or arbitration may be brought and no intervention in an action
or arbitration may be made under subsection (2) unless the Court is satisfied
that —

(a) the complainant has given 14 days’ notice to the directors of the company
of his intention to apply to the Court under subsection (2) if the directors
of the company do not bring, diligently prosecute or defend or discontinue the
action or arbitration;

(b) the complainant is acting in good faith; and

(c) it appears to be prima facie in the interests of the company that the
action or arbitration be brought, prosecuted, defended or discontinued.

[…]

7 For completeness, it should be mentioned that, as at the date of this
judgment, OS 788/2016 is still pending fixing before a High Court Judge for
determination.

The parties’ arguments in the Application

8 As mentioned earlier, the Application before me relates to the 1st and 2nd
Putative Defendants seeking leave to intervene in OS 788/2016. In their
affidavits filed in support of the Application, the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants argue, inter alia, that they “should be given a timeous opportunity
to respond to the Plaintiff’s allegations” against them, and that denying them
an opportunity to respond to those allegations at this juncture would be
unfair and prejudicial to them. In particular, they highlighted that the
intended purpose of their intervention at this stage of the proceedings is so
that they could adduce evidence in OS 788/2016 to demonstrate the following:

(a) that many of the Plaintiff’s allegations against the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants, including allegations arising from the KordaMentha Preliminary
Report, are baseless and unsustainable;

(b) that it is plainly not in the interest of KS Distribution, ATOES and SSH
to commence the Plaintiff’s intended action against the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants, not least because OS 788/2016 has prayed, among other things, for
an order that the Companies “pay the legal fees and disbursements incurred by
the Plaintiff in connection with the [proposed actions] on an indemnity basis”
; and

(c) that the Plaintiff’s application in OS 788/2016 is not taken out in good
faith.

9 In submissions, counsel for the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants put forth
several legal arguments which may be broadly summarised into the following:

(a) the Application is taken out pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) where the applicable test, as
elucidated by the Court of Appeal in Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-
Punggol East Town Council [2016] 1 SLR 915 (“AG v AHPETC”), is that of (i) the
question or issue between one of the parties and the proposed intervener must
be linked, factually or otherwise, to the relief or remedy claimed in the
cause or matter, and (ii) it would be “just and convenient” to permit an
intervention;

(b) there is a preponderance of past High Court decisions demonstrating the
readiness of the High Court in allowing putative defendants to intervene or
appear in applications taken out pursuant to section 216A of the Act. Several
decisions of High Court Judges were cited by counsel in this regard: see Chan
Tong Fan and another v Chiam Heng Luan Realty Pte Ltd (Chiam Toon Tau and
another, non-parties) [2013] SGHC 192 at [17], Chan Tong Fan v Sloan Court
Hotel Pte Ltd (Chiam Toon Tau and another, non-parties) [2013] SGHC 193 at
[9], Tak Chuen v Eden Aesthetics Pte Ltd and another (Khairul bin Abdul Rahman
and another, non-parties) [2010] 2 SLR 667 at [8], Law Chin Eng and Another v
Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd (Lau Chin Hu and others, applicants) [2009] SGHC 223 at
[6], and Low Hian Chor v Steel Forming & Rolling Specialists Pte Ltd and
another [2012] SGHC 10 at [11]. (At this juncture, I should also mention that
counsel also cited the cases of Fong Wai Lyn Carolyn v Airtrust (Singapore)
Pte Ltd and another [2011] 3 SLR 980, Kwee Lee Fung Ivon v Gordon Lim Clinic
Pte Ltd and another [2013] SGHC 65, Lee Seng Eder v Wee Kim Chwee and others
[2014] 2 SLR 56, Wong Lee Vui Willie v Li Qingyun and another [2015] 1 SLR 696
and Yeo Sing San v Sanmugam Murali and another [2016] SGHC 14 for support in
this regard. However, these latter cases do not, in my view, give much mileage
to counsel because in all those cases, the directors in question were right
from the outset already joined by the plaintiffs as co-defendants with the
companies involved when applications under section 216A of the Act were taken
out);

(c) although an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) is not bound by decisions of High
Court Judges, an AR should not depart from such decisions unless there are
strong and compelling reasons for the AR to do so; and

(d) in any event, this court should alternatively allow the Application under
O 92 r 4 of the ROC in the exercise of its inherent powers.

10 On the other hand, the key legal arguments advanced by counsel for the
Plaintiff can be broadly summarised as follows:

(a) the proper test to be applied in respect of O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC
is that of whether the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants are “necessary” or
“proper” parties to the proceedings in OS 788/2016, as supported by the Court
of Appeal’s decision in Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001]
2 SLR(R) 821 and the High Court’s decision in Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping and
others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881;

(b) the framework and rationale underpinning section 216A of the Act would be
undermined if the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants were to be allowed to
intervene at the leave stage and make the hearing of OS 788/2016 a rehearsal
of their arguments in opposition to the proposed substantive derivative
action;

(c) the string of High Court decisions relied upon by the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants do not demonstrate any reasoning or grounds as to why leave
allowing putative defendants to intervene or appear in applications taken out
pursuant to section 216A of the Act were granted in those instances. There is
therefore no ratio decidendi of any past High Court judgments which compels
this court to grant leave allowing the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants to
intervene in OS 788/2016. In any case, as a matter of principle, an AR is not
bound by decisions of High Court Judges; and

(d) in any event, this court should not allow the Application on the
alternative basis of O 92 r 4 of the ROC given that the touchstone of “need”
has not been met on the facts of the case.

Primary issues of law to be determined in the Application

11 Given the parties’ legal arguments above, the primary issues of law for
determination in the Application are as follows:

(a) What precedential status, if any, should be accorded by an AR to decisions
of High Court Judges in respect of a matter to be determined by the AR?

(b) What is the appropriate test to be applied under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the
ROC?

12 I will address these issues of law in the paragraphs that follow before
applying the principles arrived at to the facts of the Application.

The decision

Precedential status to be accorded by an AR to decisions of High Court Judges

13 On this first issue, a recent decision comes to mind. In Chan Yat Chun v
Sng Jin Chye and another [2016] SGHCR 4 at [10]-[11] (“Chan Yat Chun”), an AR
essentially made two observations in the course of his decision as follows:

(a) ARs are not bound by decisions of High Court Judges given that the
doctrine of horizontal stare decisis does not prevail in Singapore and given
that O 32 r 9 of the ROC confers on ARs the same powers and jurisdiction that
a Judge in chambers can exercise; and

(b) even if ARs are generally considered to be bound by decisions of High
Court Judges, an AR is not bound to follow a decision of a High Court Judge
where another conflicting decision of another High Court Judge exists.

14 For the record, I should mention that counsel for the Plaintiff as well as
counsel for the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants have before me expressed no
qualms with the correctness of these observations – particularly the first –
made in Chan Yat Chin (see [9(c)] and [10(c)] above).

15 With the greatest of respect, this court is unable to agree with the first
observation as a matter of principle. First, while it is true that the
doctrine of horizontal stare decisis does not prevail in Singapore, this
proposition was articulated only in the context of decisions made by High
Court Judges (see, eg, Attorney-General v Shadrake Alan [2010] SGHC 327 at
[4], cited in Chan Yat Chin at [11]). Nothing in the case authorities cited in
Chan Yat Chin at [11] dealt specifically with the proper treatment to be given
by ARs to decisions made by High Court Judges. Indeed, the only other case
authority cited in Chan Yat Chin at [11] (ie, Attorney-General v Chee Soon
Juan [2006] 2 SLR(R) 650 at [12]) was concerned with a wholly distinct
question, namely whether an AR sitting in chambers is equivalent to being a
“court” in reference to which contempt in facie curiae proceedings can be
taken out.

16 Second, an important distinction must be drawn between powers, authority
and jurisdiction of ARs on the one hand, and the principle of judicial
hierarchy that ARs ought to abide by in the discharge of their judicial
functions on the other hand. The legislative authorities cited in Chan Yat
Chin at [11] (ie, section 62 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) and O 32 r 9 of the ROC) deal eminently with the former. With
regard to the latter, the High Court’s decision of Herbs and Spices Trading
Post Pte Ltd v Deo Silver (Pte) Ltd [1990] 2 SLR(R) 685 (“Herbs and Spices”)
is instructive.

17 In Herbs and Spices, the High Court had to deal with the question of
judicial hierarchy between district judges and deputy registrars at the
District Court. Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in resolving the question
made the following pertinent remarks in his decision (at [11]-[12]):

11 The nature of the jurisdiction of the district judge in hearing appeals
from the registrar under O 55 is not the same as that in an appeal from the
District Court to the High Court or from the High Court to the Court of
Appeal. Order 55 merely gives effect to the internal organisation of judicial
work whereby the Senior District Judge in permitting the registrar to exercise
the jurisdiction and powers of the District Court reserves to the district
judges the power to hear “appeals” from the registrar. It is, in substance, a
form of confirmatory jurisdiction. In theory, the Senior District Judge has
allowed the jurisdiction and powers of the District Court to be exercised in
two stages, one at the level of the registrar and the other at the level of
the district judge. Section 69 of Cap 321 read with O 55 appears to permit
this bifurcation. In principle, there is nothing wrong with this scheme so
long as it is not treated as two separate and distinct jurisdictions. This
means that there can be an appeal from the registrar direct to the High Court
(as in O 14 r 12) or from the registrar to the district judge (as in O 55) and
then to the High Court. Both arrangements are consistent with the principle
that the jurisdiction and powers of the District Court are the same whether
they are exercised by the district judge or the registrar as a substitute for
the district judge.

12 The situation in O 55 is analogous to “appeals” from the decisions of the
Registrar of the High Court to the judge-in-chambers. In such appeals, the
judge-in-chambers is not exercising “appellate” jurisdiction in the same sense
when it [he] hears appeals from the District Court. This view is consistent
with the rule that an appeal from the Registrar of the High Court to the
judge-in-chambers is by way of an actual rehearing of the application and the
judge treats the matter afresh as though it came before him the first time,
and the practice of allowing fresh affidavit evidence in such appeals.

[emphasis added]

18 The key fundamental proposition that can be drawn from Herbs and Spices is
this: High Court Judges enjoy in substance a “confirmatory jurisdiction” over
the Registrar of the High Court and, by extension, ARs. The corollary to this
is ARs, whilst as a matter of “internal organisation of judicial work” are
conferred with powers, authority and jurisdiction to carry out certain
judicial functions on behalf of High Court Judges, are necessarily obliged in
the discharge of such functions not to overreach the very premise upon which
such powers, authority and jurisdiction are derived. In a functional and
hierarchically organised judicial system such as ours, a judicial officer such
as an AR simply has no option in his or her administration of justice to
freely disregard judicial precedents established by those to whose functions
he or she is juridically ancillary. That, in my view, is and remains to be a
rule of judicial hierarchy that is of key fundamental importance to our system
at the High Court.

19 That is, however, not to say that there are absolutely no permissible
exceptions to the rule just described above. In a rare situation, for example,
where conflicting decisions of High Court Judges exist, it would in my opinion
stand to good reason that an AR may not find himself or herself necessarily
bound to follow any one or another decision which is in conflict. Another rare
but conceivable situation, just for illustration purposes, could be where a
decision of a High Court Judge, although not having been expressly overruled,
is directly and patently contradicted by an existing decision of the Court of
Appeal, to such extent that the only irresistible conclusion to be drawn by
the AR is that the decision of the High Court Judge cannot be considered to be
the prevailing law of the land.

20 At risk of stating the obvious, it would also follow from the foregoing
analysis that ARs are not bound by decisions of fellow ARs, given that ARs are
not juridical ancillaries of each other. Neither should anything in the
foregoing analysis be taken to mean that judicial decisions of ARs may thus be
freely disregarded by litigants and counsel, or tribunals and any other court
that are obliged to follow decisions emanating from the High Court. In my
opinion, a judicial decision of an AR, unless and until overruled by a High
Court Judge (or any person qualified under the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) to discharge the functions of a High Court Judge),
must certainly stand as a good and binding decision of the High Court.
Otherwise, the clear legislative premise upon which ARs are conferred the
powers, authority and jurisdiction to carry out certain judicial functions on
behalf of High Court Judges would be gravely undermined.

The appropriate test under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC

21 I come now to the second issue of law in the Application. For completeness,
O 15 r 6(2) of the ROC is reproduced herein below:

Misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties (O. 15, r. 6)

6.—(1) […]

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Rule, at any stage of the proceedings in
any cause or matter, the Court may, on such terms as it thinks just and either
of its own motion or on application —

(a) order any person who has been improperly or unnecessarily made a party or
who has for any reason ceased to be a proper or necessary party, to cease to
be a party; or

(b) order any of the following persons to be added as a party, namely:

(i) any person who ought to have been joined as a party or whose presence
before the Court is necessary to ensure that all matters in the cause or
matter may be effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon.

(ii) any person between whom and any party to the cause or matter there may
exist a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the
Court it would be just and convenient to determine as between him and that
party as well as between the parties to the cause or matter.

[emphasis added]

22 In my judgment, I fail to see how the Plaintiff’s contention that the test
to be applied under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC is that of whether the 1st
and 2nd Putative Defendants are “necessary” or “proper” parties to the
proceedings in OS 788/2016 (see [10(a)] above) is supported by the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001] 2
SLR(R) 821 (“Wee Soon Kim Anthony”).

23 In Wee Soon Kim Anthony, two solicitors had sought leave to intervene in a
court application taken out by a complainant who was dissatisfied with a
decision of the Council of the Law Society that no case existed for an
investigation to be taken out under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) by a Disciplinary Committee against the two solicitors. In reversing
the High Court’s decision allowing the intervention, the Court of Appeal held,
inter alia, that O 15 rr 6(2)(b)(i) and (ii) were inapplicable. Nowhere in the
dispositive paragraphs of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in this regard (ie,
at [17]-[19]) did the Court of Appeal suggest that the express term “just and
convenient” found in O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) should be given any stricter or more
onerous meaning than what a plain and ordinary reading would suggest.

24 It is further noted that the Plaintiff has also cited the High Court’s
decision in Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping and others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881 (“Tan
Yow Kon”) to support the same argument that the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants must be shown to be “necessary” or “proper” parties to the
proceedings in OS 788/2016 before leave to intervene may be granted pursuant
to O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC.

25 In Tan Yow Kon, the High Court had to deal with a question relating to O 15
r 6(2)(a) which arose from a striking out application. To put it simply, the
2nd to 5th defendants in that case had argued, inter alia, that the
plaintiff’s claim against them ought to be struck out entirely for the reason
that they were in the circumstances of the case neither “necessary” nor
“proper” parties under O 15 r 6(2)(a) of the ROC. Sundaresh Menon JC (as he
then was) in his decision made the following useful observations (at
[49]-[51]):

49 In my view, having regard to the objects of O 15 r 6, r 6(2)(a):

(a) should be construed in the light of r 6(2)(b) especially since the terms
“proper” and “necessary” are not defined and the two provisions stand
metaphorically on either side of the one door in the sense that one governs
entry into the proceedings, while the other governs exit; and

(b) should not be construed in a way that treats the words “proper” and
“necessary” as two disjunctive concepts.

50 Elaborating on the first point, the terms “proper” and “necessary” are not
defined. However, the overall scheme of O 15 r 6 is to enable the court in its
discretion to make such order as would ensure that parties who are necessary
or proper (presumably even if they are not strictly necessary) are before it.
Rule 6(2)(b) identifies the parties who could be ordered to be added as
parties and it seems reasonable to infer that such parties at least would fall
within the ambit of those considered necessary or proper to be parties to the
action. I note that r 6(2)(b) is itself broken into two limbs. The first limb
repeats the terms of the former r 6(2)(b) but the second limb, ie, r
6(2)(b)(ii) has been held in Tetra Molectric Limited v Japan Imports Limited
[1976] RPC 541 at 544 to have widened the court’s discretion to join parties
to an action “to a great extent”.

51 It would seem logical in my view to hold that a party who could be joined
including under the wider r 6(2)(b)(ii) should be considered a “necessary” or
“proper” party to the action and hence not liable to an order of cessation
under r 6(2)(a). A broad correspondence between the scope and ambit of r
6(2)(a) on the one hand and r 6(2)(b) on the other is to be expected since
otherwise, one would encounter a situation of an unwilling party being joined
under the latter rule and then applying to be released under the former. The
notion that the Rule should be construed in a way that conjures the image of a
revolving door spinning somewhat out of control is not one to which I am
drawn.

[all emphasis added]

26 At [53] and [58], His Honour further held, inter alia, that “[i]t is plain
that an applicant seeking to have a party joined needs only to come within any
one of the categories identified in r 6(2)(b) to warrant invoking the court’s
consideration […] [i]t would be illogical to hold for instance that a party
joined as a proper party could apply to be released on the ground that he was
not a necessary party for some reason”, and that “the court’s power under O 15
r 6(2) to bring and keep the appropriate parties before it is broad indeed”
(emphasis in original).

27 Evidently, the High Court in Tan Yow Kon clearly espoused the proposition
that the question of whether to allow the joining of a party under O 15 r
6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC is a matter for the court’s discretion, which is a
relatively wide and broad one. And once a party has come within the category
of O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) (ie, once the party has been determined to qualify as
“any person between whom and any party to the cause or matter there may exist
a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any relief
or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the Court it
would be just and convenient to determine as between him and that party as
well as between the parties to the cause or matter”), such party should
thereby be joined and be considered – for the purposes of O 15 r 6(2)(a) – to
be a “necessary” or “proper” party to the proceedings, so much so that he or
she could not later be simply removed from the same proceedings on the ground
that he or she was not a necessary party.

28 This reading of Tan Yow Kon is consistent with the primary case authority
relied upon by the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants, namely AG v AHPETC (see
[9(a)] above). In AG v AHPETC, the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) had
sought to be joined as a party to proceedings relating to an ongoing dispute
relating to certain management affairs of the Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East
Town Council. In granting HDB’s application pursuant to O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of
the ROC, the Court of Appeal held, inter alia, the following (at [39]):

39 As mentioned earlier, the HDB also relied on the inherent powers of the
court in seeking to be joined as a party. However, there is no need for us to
consider whether the court’s inherent powers should be invoked because we
consider that the HDB can be joined as a party under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the
ROC. An applicant relying on that provision would have to first establish that
the question or issue between one of the parties and the proposed new party is
linked, factually or otherwise, to the relief or remedy claimed in the cause
or matter (see Lim Meng-Eu Judy v RSP Investments (S) Pte Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R)
525 (“Lim Meng-Eu Judy”) at [13]). As to this, it is difficult to argue
otherwise. The claims arise out of the same set of facts and the reliefs
sought by the new party, the HDB, against AHPETC are substantially the same as
those sought by the MND. However, that is not the end of the matter because
this is subject to the overriding consideration that it must be “just and
convenient” to order a joinder (Lim Meng-Eu Judy at [13]). This requires the
court to take into account the interests of the existing parties to the action
(Chan Kern Miang v Kea Resources Pte Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R) 85 (“Chan Kern
Miang”) at [24]) as well as that of the party to be joined (Tan Yow Kon v Tan
Swat Ping [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881 at [44(a)]; Alliance Entertainment Singapore Pte
Ltd v Sim Kay Teck [2007] 2 SLR(R) 869 at [67]). The lateness of the
application would go towards the assessment of whether it is “just and
convenient” to order a joinder (Chan Kern Miang at [23]-[29]). [emphasis
added]

29 In sum, I am satisfied on the authorities considered above that the
appropriate test to be applied for the purposes of O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) is that
put forth by counsel for the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants, namely (i) the
question or issue between one of the parties and the proposed intervener must
be linked, factually or otherwise, to the relief or remedy claimed in the
cause or matter, and (ii) it would be “just and convenient” to permit an
intervention (see also [27] above).

Application of principles to the facts

30 As mentioned earlier, counsel for the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants rely
on several past decisions of High Court Judges in support of the Application
(see [9(b)] above). In this regard, counsel for the Plaintiff’s response is,
inter alia, that these decisions do not evince any reasoning or grounds for
allowing the putative defendants to intervene in those cases, and accordingly
there is effectively no ratio decidendi to compel this court to necessarily
determine the Application in favour of the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants
(see [10(c)] above).

31 The fact of the matter as I see it is as an AR sitting in chambers is that
the High Court decisions cited by counsel for the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants clearly demonstrate that leave allowing putative defendants to
intervene or appear in applications taken out pursuant to section 216A of the
Act has been readily granted by High Court Judges in no less than five
reported decisions. That, to me, is a material and overwhelming factor which I
cannot simply ignore in my determination of this Application. Accordingly, and
in line with my analysis at [13]-[20] above, I find that the preponderance of
the consistent and undisturbed precedents cited to me is sufficient to compel
me to follow in the present Application what would ordinarily have been done
as a matter of course by a High Court Judge if such an application for
intervention were to be taken out before him or her.

32 Even if for some reason I am mistaken in holding the view that the High
Court decisions cited to me in this regard are binding enough for me to grant
the Application, I would have in any event arrived independently at the same
result having regard to the appropriate test under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) which I
have analysed at [21]-[29] above.

33 First, the questions or issues between the Plaintiff and the Putative
Defendants are clearly and directly linked to the relief or remedy claimed in
the cause or matter under OS 788/2016. In OS 788/2016, the Plaintiff is
seeking leave to commence statutory derivative action against the 1st and 2nd
Putative Defendants on personal allegations which are denied by the Putative
Defendants – ie, “breaches of fiduciary and directors’ duties” owed to KS
Distribution, ATOES and SSH (see [2]-[5] and [8] above).

34 Second, it is not objectionable under the framework of section 216A of the
Act for putative defendants to be allowed to resist leave applications on,
inter alia, grounds relating to the legal merits of the underlying claims in
the proposed statutory derivative action. As provided by section 216A(3) of
the Act (see [6] above), no statutory derivative action may be brought unless
the court is satisfied, inter alia, that:

(a) the complainant is acting in good faith; and

(b) it appears to be prima facie in the interests of the company that the
action be brought or prosecuted.

35 With regard to the first limb above, the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants
have clearly indicated their intention to contend that the Plaintiff’s
application in OS 788/2016 is not taken out in good faith (see [8(c)] above).
With regard to the second limb above, it is apposite to note that the Court of
Appeal has clarified in its decision in Ang Thiam Swee v Low Hian Chor [2013]
2 SLR 340 at [58] that “[t]here is a natural affinity between the interests of
the company in prosecuting a statutory derivative action and the legal merits
of that action, in that it cannot conceivably be prima facie within the
interests of the company to bring an action which is wholly without any
legitimate or arguable basis” (emphasis added). In the present case, the 1st
and 2nd Putative Defendants have also expressed their intention to challenge
the personal allegations made against them as well as the costs relief sought
by the Plaintiff in OS 788/2016 (see [8(a)]-[8(b)] above). These are clearly
in my opinion matters what fall within the remit of considerations that the
court could and would take into account in deciding the Plaintiff’s
application in OS 788/2016.

36 Third and finally, it is worth mentioning that KS Distribution, ATOES and
SSH have attended the hearing of the Application before me via their own
independent set of solicitors, and their solicitors have put on record, inter
alia, the Companies’ position that the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants, as
opposed to the Companies as separate legal entities, “are the ones best placed
to deal with the personal allegations” raised by the Plaintiff in OS 788/2016.
Considering the relatively wide and broad discretion that the court could
exercise under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the ROC (see [27] above), and having
regard to the combination of all the factors mentioned above, I am of the view
that it would be “just and convenient” to allow the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants to intervene in OS 788/2016 for the purposes which they have
expressed.

Conclusion

37 For all the foregoing reasons which I consider to be sufficiently
dispositive of the Application, the following orders prayed for are made:

(a) leave be granted for the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants to intervene in
OS 788/2016; and

(b) the 1st and 2nd Putative Defendants shall be at liberty to file affidavits
in relation to OS 788/2016 and appear and be heard through counsel at the
hearing of OS 788/2016.

38 As for the timelines relating to the filing of the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants’ affidavits in OS 788/2016, as well as the appointed date for the
hearing of OS 788/2016, the parties are to seek the appropriate directions
from the AR at the next available pre-trial conference scheduled for the
matter.

39 I will hear the parties on the issue of costs.

Colin Seow  
Assistant Registrar

Thio Shen Yi SC, Kelvin Koh and Niklas Wong (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
Plaintiff;  
Mahesh Rai and Jeremy Yeap (Drew and Napier LLC) for the 1st and 2nd Putative
Defendants.  
Bryan Tan (Advocatus Law LLP) for the Companies.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

