Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 267

Criminal Case No 39 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Public Prosecutor

And

Lee Sze Yong  
---  
  
… Accused

judgment

[Criminal Law] – [Offences] – [Kidnapping]

[Statutory Interpretation] – [Interpretation Act] – [Purposive approach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Lee Sze Yong

  

[2016] SGHC 267

High Court — Criminal Case No 39 of 2016  
Chan Seng Onn J  
30, 31 August; 1 September 2016; 30 September 2016  

1 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused stood trial before me for the offence of kidnapping for ransom.
The victim is the elderly mother of a successful businessman who owns a well-
known supermarket chain in Singapore. At trial, the accused conceded that he
had lied to the elderly lady to induce her into entering his car, that he had
subsequently issued a demand for ransom to her wealthy son, and that he had
released her only after receiving a bag containing cash amounting to $2
million. But the defence emphasised throughout the course of the trial that
the accused had intended to release the victim at the end of the day, even if
he had not received the ransom he sought.

2 The dispute essentially narrows into a question of law: whether the
statutory provision that creates the offence of kidnapping for ransom requires
that the abductor intend to hold his victim until and unless he receives the
ransom. The defence argues, and the Prosecution contends otherwise, that this
is the correct reading of the statutory provision. I will explain my decision
on this question of law and my overall determination of whether the
Prosecution has succeeded in proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the
accused has committed the offence.

The charge

3 The accused faces a single charge (“the Charge”) under s 3 of the Kidnapping
Act (Cap 151, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Kidnapping Act”). The Charge reads as
follows:

That you, LEE SZE YONG,

on 8 January 2014, from the roadside along Hougang Avenue 2, Singapore, did
abduct one Ng Lye Poh, female / then 79 years old, with intent to hold the
said Ng Lye Poh for ransom, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 3 of the Kidnapping Act, Chapter 151.

Facts

The evidence of the parties

4 I begin with a brief review of the evidence adduced at trial. Counsel for
the accused did not challenge the admissibility or accuracy of any of the
statements that the accused provided to the police. Upon the application of
the Prosecution, I therefore admitted the following ten statements of the
accused as evidence:

(a) One contemporaneous statement recorded on 9 January 2014 at about 6.19 am;

(b) One cautioned statement recorded on 9 January 2014 at about 5.15 pm; and

(c) Eight other long statements, recorded between 11 January and 23 January
2014.

These statements are detailed and comprehensive. When aggregated with the
undisputed evidence of the other witnesses, one can piece together a clear
picture of the relevant events that transpired until the accused’s arrest on 9
January 2014 at about 12.37 am. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Conditioned statement of DSP Burhanudeen Bin Haji Hussainar at [5].

5 The Prosecution called a total of 29 witnesses. The accused was the only
witness for the defence.

The accused

6 The accused is Mr Lee Sze Yong. At the material time in 2014, he was 41
years old. He works as a retail sales executive, drawing a monthly salary of
about $4,850. Since 2005, the accused has resided in a four-room Housing
Development Board (“HDB”) flat with Mr Heng Chen Boon (“Mr Heng”) and the
accused’s mother. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [3].

7 The accused and Mr Heng have been in a close relationship for many years.
The flat in which they reside was originally purchased by Mr Heng, but the
accused was subsequently added as a joint owner when Mr Heng faced
difficulties in servicing the HDB loan. The accused has since taken on the
burden of servicing the monthly payments. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [5].

Mr Heng has part-time employment in machine testing and earns a monthly salary
of about $300. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [11].

Mr Lim Hock Chee and Mdm Ng Lye Poh

8 Mr Lim Hock Chee (“Mr Lim”) is the owner of the Sheng Siong supermarket
business in Singapore. The Sheng Siong supermarket chain has more than 33
outlets and employs more than 2,500 staff members. Mr Lim values the total
assets of his business at about $500 million. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lim Hock Chee’s conditioned statement at [3].

9 Mr Lim resides at 73 Jalan Arif with his mother Mdm Ng Lye Poh (“Mdm Ng”),
his wife and his four children. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Lim Hock Chee’s conditioned statement at [2].

Mdm Ng suffers from diabetes and requires insulin injections every morning. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ng Lye Poh’s conditioned statement at [8].

She was 79 years old at the material time.

Events prior to 8 January 2014

Accused’s financial difficulties

10 In 2011, the accused found himself in financial difficulties. Over the
years, he had taken loans from various banks, friends and moneylenders both
legal and illegal. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [6] to [9].

According to the accused, he borrowed money because of the need to enrol his
since-deceased father into a private nursing home 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [6].

and to fund his purchase of a new car, a Volkswagen Scirocco bearing
registration plate number SKE5292J (“the Volkswagen”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [12]; Accused’s
statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A8].

The accused estimated the total amount of his debts to be about $150,000 to
$200,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A3].

11 According to the accused, he became “stressed” 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [10].

and “desperate” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [13].

as a result of his financial woes. He considered various solutions such as
selling the flat or moving his family to Malaysia, but eventually did not
implement them either because he did not find them feasible or because he did
not receive support from his mother and Mr Heng. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A2].

Accused’s plans to clear his debts

12 Sometime in 2011, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A4].

the accused started thinking about ways of “getting fast money to clear [his]
debts once and for all”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A11].

The accused came across certain Forbes Lists of wealthiest people in the world
and in Singapore. It struck him that “[he] could kidnap someone and demand for
a ransom and [that] if [he was] successful, [he] could repay all [his] debts”.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [13].

13 The first target considered by the accused was Mr Peter Lim, a Singaporean
billionaire. The accused claimed that he read the papers daily and therefore
knew “quite a bit about Peter Lim”. He considered targeting one of Peter Lim’s
children and making a demand for ransom of $50 million. In further pursuit of
the idea, the accused conducted research on the Internet, seeking out details
of Peter Lim’s personal life, including his place of residence. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A11].

The accused also did similar research on other wealthy people. He utilised the
government electronic platform www.bizfile.gov.sg (“the Bizfile website”) in
order to gather information on persons and companies, using his SingPass
details to access the Bizfile website. The accused even made payments on the
Bizfile website in order to purchase information he needed. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A11].

14 The accused kept an organiser in which he recorded information on potential
targets and the means by which he could execute his plans. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 21 January 2014 at 3 pm at [A122].

The organiser was seized by the police from the Volkswagen, following the
accused’s arrest. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 21 January 2014 at 3 pm at [Q121] and [A121].

The organiser reveals the enormous effort that the accused expended in
devising his plans. Its pages contain a vast welter of information on matters
such as (i) the physical appearances, daily routines and personal information
of potential targets and their family members; (ii) step-by-step plans on how
to execute the abductions and demands for ransom in respect of his targets;
(iii) reminders to himself on how to avoid detection while executing those
plans; (iv) draft text messages to be sent as demands for ransom; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AB395 to 396.

and (v) a list of items to be obtained for use or potential use when carrying
out his plans. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB404 to 405.

Amongst the items in the list are chloroform, a taser gun, pepper spray, curry
powder and a knife. The accused admits that:

(a) He knew that chloroform could be used to “knock people out” and considered
that he might need chloroform in his plans. He ordered one bottle of
chloroform which was eventually seized by the police from the Volkswagen. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 22 January 2014 at 11 am at [A185].

(b) He thought that he might need a taser gun to “scare the victim”, and
therefore purchased one in Bangkok. A taser gun was seized by the police
following the arrest of the accused. The accused claimed that the taser gun
was no longer working. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 22 January 2014 at 11 am at [A186].

(c) As he might require pepper spray “to temporarily blind a person”, he
purchased a can of pepper spray in Kuala Lumpur. This was eventually also
seized by the police. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 22 January 2014 at 11 am at [A192].

(d) He had read in the newspapers that chilli powder was used by robbers to
blind their victims, and intended similarly to use chilli powder in the event
that he needed to “temporarily blind [his] kidnap target”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A65] and [A66].

A container of chilli powder was seized from the accused following his arrest.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Conditioned statement of DSP Burhanudeen Bin Haji Hussainar at [134(59)] and
[134(112)].

15 The organiser also contains addresses, NRIC numbers, telephone numbers,
website addresses, timings and car plate numbers. In order to gather the
information, the accused would conduct surveillance outside the homes or
offices of his targets 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A16] and [A17];
Accused’s statement recorded on 21 January 2014 at 3 pm at [A127], [A131],
[A133], [A142] and [A149].

and would even follow them or their family members as they went about their
daily tasks. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 21 January 2014 at 3 pm at [A131] and [A143].

16 The accused also purchased a large number of items, apart from those
described at [14] above, from various sources in preparation for the execution
of his plans. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A43].

He had begun gathering these items since 2011. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A42].

They included a “skin-colour” face mask purchased from eBay, a Halloween face
mask from a shop in Kuala Lumpur, cable-ties from a shop in Sim Lim Tower and
two car registration number plates obtained from a car accessories shop in
Johor Bahru that bore different registration numbers from that of his
Volkswagen. The accused admits that he purchased the “skin-colour” face mask
in order to avoid being identified as he had read on the Internet that such
masks were effective for this purpose. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A53] and [A54].

He had also intended to affix the number plates on the Volkswagen if he used
the Volkswagen as part of his plans. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A47] to [A49].

17 The Prosecution tendered as part of its evidence certain Internet search
records of the accused. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P306(B, C, D, H).

Amongst the searches conducted on search engines and websites such as Yahoo!,
Ask.com, reference.com and YouTube were extensive inquiries on how a person
might be rendered unconscious. For instance, the accused entered the following
search terms: “how to make someone unconscious”, “How to make unconscious
using chloroform”, “What is the easiest way to make someone unconscious” and
“how to hit someone unconscious”.

Mdm Ng selected as the accused’s target

18 Sometime in 2013, the accused carried out research on Mr Lim and observed
that Mr Lim was worth more than $500 million. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [17].

The accused visited the Bizfile website and purchased business information on
the Sheng Siong supermarket chain. From this information, he learnt that Mr
Lim resided at 73 Jalan Arif. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [18].

19 Over the course of the next six months, the accused drove numerous times to
73 Jalan Arif to observe the house and its occupants from his car. During one
of these visits, he noticed an elderly female Chinese emerging from the house
at about “9 plus in the morning”. This was Mdm Ng. The accused sensed that Mdm
Ng might be Mr Lim’s mother, aunt or grandmother. The accused visited 73 Jalan
Arif at least another 6 to 7 times to study her movements. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [18] and [19].

Following his observations, he surmised that Mdm Ng would leave the house at
around 9 am daily and return at about 12 noon. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A17].

He then decided to make her “[his] target to demand for a ransom”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [18] and [19].

20 Sometime in mid-December 2013, the accused felt compelled to clear certain
debts that he owed 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A20].

and accordingly made up his mind to execute his plan. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A19].

The accused submitted an application for three days’ leave (ie from 7 to 9
January 2014) to his manager.

Events on 8 January 2014

Accused’s deception of Mdm Ng

21 On 8 January 2014, sometime between 7.30 am to 8 am, the accused left his
house and drove the Volkswagen to 73 Jalan Arif. He saw Mdm Ng emerging from
the house at about 9.30 am. The accused then used his mobile phone to access
the website www.carclub.com.sg, where he booked a Honda Civic, which bore the
licence plate number SGU2254C (“the rental car”), for use from 9.30 am to 1.30
pm. The accused then proceeded to Blk 946A Hougang Street 91 where the rental
car was located. He parked the Volkswagen, transferred some bags (containing
certain items that he thought he might need to use in the execution of his
plans) 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A93].

from the Volkswagen to the rental car, and entered the rental car. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A22].

The accused did not want to use the Volkswagen as he was “afraid that [he]
might get detected”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A23].

22 The accused drove the rental car to a bus bay that was a short distance
away from an overhead bridge near Blk 627 Hougang Avenue 2, where he waited.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 13 January 2014 at 2.06 pm at [A26]; Accused’s
statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [21].

At about 11.30 am, Mdm Ng came down the stairs of the overhead bridge. The
accused exited the rental car and approached her at the foot of the bridge. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [22].

He asked her if “Lim Hock Chee”, whom he described as the boss of Sheng Siong
supermarket, was her son. Mdm Ng replied in the affirmative. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [23].

23 The accused then lied to Mdm Ng that Mr Lim had had a fall in his office
and that the accused had been tasked to drive Mdm Ng to see Mr Lim. Mdm Ng
gave evidence that she immediately believed the accused since the accused knew
Mr Lim’s name, and became worried for her son. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Conditioned statement of Ng Lye Poh at [3].

The accused told Mdm Ng to follow him to the rental car and to sit at the
front passenger seat. Mdm Ng complied with his directions.

Accused’s telephone call and text message to Mr Lim

24 The accused then drove Mdm Ng to Seletar Camp and stopped in the vicinity
of a nearby childcare centre. He informed Mdm Ng that he needed to get
something from the backseat of the rental car. The accused then took the
opportunity to place a face mask and a blindfold on Mdm Ng. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [24].

25 Following this, the accused used a mobile phone containing a Malaysian SIM
card to call Mr Lim. He admits that the reason why he used the Malaysian line
was to “avoid detection” because he “thought the police [would] not be able to
track [him] if [he] use[d] a Malaysian SIM card to call and demand for
ransom”. He had even used a fake name when he purchased the SIM card from
Malaysia. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [26].

26 When Mr Lim answered the call, the accused informed Mr Lim that Mr Lim’s
mother was with him. The accused told Mr Lim to prepare $20 million in $100
and $1,000 bills, and that he would contact Mr Lim again that night. Mr Lim
requested to speak to Mdm Ng. The accused held the mobile phone close to Mdm
Ng’s ear. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [27].

Mdm Ng uttered into the mobile phone in Hokkien, “Why did you catch me?” or
“Why did you abduct me in a car?” 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [5]; conditioned statement of Ng Lye
Poh at [9].

The accused did not make out what Mdm Ng had said. He then moved the mobile
phone away from Mdm Ng and ended the call. According to Mr Lim, before the
call ended, the accused warned him not to report the matter to the police or
his mother’s life would be in jeopardy. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [6].

27 Mr Lim immediately called home and inquired about his mother’s whereabouts.
His domestic helper informed him that Mdm Ng was not at home. Mr Lim then
tried to reach his mother on her mobile phone but it was switched off. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [7].

At about 12.55 pm, the accused sent Mr Lim a text message in Chinese. When
translated into English, the message reads as follows: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [8].

We demand 20 million ($100 and $1000 notes not in continuous serial number).
One does not bring money along at birth and cannot carry it beyond death,
problem that can be resolved with money is not a problem, you better spend
money to resolve this matter. If (you) dare report to the police or if someone
follows us, we would not want the money anymore, and you can forget about
seeing your mother again too (perish together). We are ready for the worst,
pay money and life will be saved (A big tree attracts a woodman’s axe, it is
better you raise the money yourself). Pay money tonight, will contact you
again.

After sending the message to Mr Lim, the accused removed the battery and SIM
card from the mobile phone. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [27].

The accused then drove the rental car, with Mdm Ng still in the front
passenger seat, to an open-air car park at Punggol End where he waited.

28 Mr Lim forwarded the text message from the accused to his brothers, Lim
Hock Eng and Lim Hock Leng. Mr Lim and his family members then gathered in his
office to discuss their course of action. They decided to report the matter to
the police. Sometime before 2 pm, they arrived at Woodlands Neighbourhood
Police Centre. Mr Lim informed one of the officers about what had happened. He
also contacted his bank and gave instructions to the bank officer for $20
million to be prepared. The bank officer informed him that he could only
prepare $20 million by the next day, but that he could prepare a few million
dollars in the meantime. Mr Lim directed his brothers to liaise with the bank
officer on the collection of the cash. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [12].

Assistance of Mr Heng sought by the accused

29 At about 2 pm, the accused realised that the rental period for the car had
expired. He called the car rental company and successfully requested for an
extension of the period of rental from 1.30 pm to 3.30 pm. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A86].

The accused then called Mr Heng on his mobile phone and requested Mr Heng to
go back to their flat, retrieve a duplicate key for the Volkswagen, and head
down to Blk 946A Hougang Street 91 where the accused had parked the Volkswagen
that morning. Mr Heng was to drive the Volkswagen down to Punggol End to meet
the accused. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [28].

30 Mr Heng arrived at Punggol End in the Volkswagen at about 2.30 pm. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A89].

Mr Heng parked the Volkswagen beside the rental car. The accused retrieved his
bags from the rental car and placed them in the Volkswagen. Thereafter, the
accused helped Mdm Ng, who was still blindfolded, out of the rental car and to
the front passenger seat of the Volkswagen. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [13].

Mr Heng asked the accused why he had a blindfolded old woman with him. The
accused told Mr Heng not to ask and mentioned that it was part of his private
investigation work. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [14].

31 The accused then requested Mr Heng to follow him in the rental car while
the accused drove the Volkswagen to Kranji. The accused intended to check Mdm
Ng into Kranji Resort. At about 3 pm, they arrived at Kranji Resort. The
accused asked Mr Heng to stand outside the Volkswagen and help look after Mdm
Ng while the accused entered the resort to check if a chalet was available.
Upon enquiry with the receptionist, he was told that a chalet was indeed
available but that he would have to produce his NRIC to the receptionist. The
accused pretended that he had not brought his NRIC with him and left the
resort. He returned to Mr Heng and told him to drive the rental car back to
Blk 946A Hougang Street 91 and return it to the car rental company. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A90].

32 After Mr Heng had driven off, the accused entered the Volkswagen and drove
Mdm Ng aimlessly around Lim Chu Kang, Kranji and Jurong. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 14 January 2014 at 2.42 pm at [A90].

Sometime during the journey, he learnt from Mdm Ng that she required daily
insulin injections for her diabetes (see [9] above).

Accused’s ransom arrangements with Mr Lim

33 At about 7.35 pm, Mr Lim called the accused and informed the accused that
he had only managed to obtain $2 million. The accused replied that the amount
was not sufficient to be shared and that Mdm Ng needed to have her insulin
injection. The accused further indicated that he did not want to drag the
matter further and agreed to accept the $2 million. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [16].

The accused then told Mr Lim to proceed to Yishun Stadium at 8.30 pm with the
money, and that Mr Lim should not bring anyone with him, including the police.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [32].

Before the accused ended the call, he told Mr Lim that he was going to play a
game with him. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [16].

34 Right after ending the call with Mr Lim, the accused called Mr Heng and
asked him to take a taxi to Sembawang Park. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [32].

The accused proceeded to drive the Volkswagen to a car park at Sembawang Park.
Mr Heng arrived there at about 8.15 pm, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [33].

and saw that Mdm Ng was still in the Volkswagen. Upon Mr Heng’s queries, the
accused told Mr Heng that he had “Bang Jia” the old lady, which Mr Heng
understood to mean that the accused had “kidnapped the old lady”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [19].

The accused also informed Mr Heng that Mdm Ng was the mother of the boss of
the Sheng Siong supermarket chain. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [20].

Mr Heng asked the accused why he would do something like that, which was a
serious offence in Singapore. He pleaded with the accused to release Mdm Ng
and suggested that they could leave her at the nearby bus stop or a taxi stand
and ask her son to fetch her. The accused replied that he “could not turn
back”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [21]; Accused’s statement recorded
on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [35].

Mr Heng cried and further pleaded with the accused, telling him that even if
he owed a lot of money, they could sell their flat and the accused could use
the proceeds. The accused insisted, however, that there was no turning back
for him. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [22].

35 The accused asked Mr Heng to help him and after some initial resistance, Mr
Heng obliged. Mr Heng sat in the driver’s seat of the Volkswagen while the
accused sat on the rear passenger seat. The accused then directed Mr Heng,
using hand signals, to drive. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [23].

When they arrived at Gibraltar Crescent, the accused told Mr Heng to stop the
car. The accused exited and called Mr Lim. This was at about 8.45 pm. The
accused asked Mr Lim if he had arrived at Yishun Stadium, and Mr Lim replied
that his brother was on the way back with the money and that Mr Lim had not
reached Yishun Stadium. Mr Lim requested to meet at 10 pm. The accused
responded that Mr Lim’s mother needed her injection and told him to meet at
9.30 pm. The accused then ended the call. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A102].

Ransom deposited by Mr Lim

36 At about 9.20 pm, Mr Lim left home with the ransom of $2 million in his
car. At about 9.33 pm, while Mr Lim was driving, he received another call from
the accused, asking for Mr Lim’s whereabouts. Mr Lim replied that he would
arrive at Yishun Stadium in about 10 minutes and the accused then ended the
call. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [18].

37 Mr Lim arrived at Yishun Stadium at about 9.45 pm. At about 9.55 pm, the
accused called him again to inquire about the description of Mr Lim’s car. Mr
Lim replied that it was a silver Lexus L600 bearing registration plate number
SKH600X. The accused then instructed him to proceed to Andrews Avenue
immediately. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [19].

38 The accused then drove Mdm Ng to a car park at Tuah Road. He told Mr Heng
to drive the Volkswagen back to Gibraltar Crescent and wait for his call. The
accused informed Mr Heng that he was going to collect the money. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A103].

It appears that Mr Heng initially refused to comply with the accused’s
directions. The accused warned Mr Heng that if he did not comply, the accused
would tell Mr Heng’s family members about their sexual acts in the past. Mr
Heng became very frightened. The accused passed him the car keys to the
Volkswagen and walked off, leaving Mr Heng with Mdm Ng. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Conditioned statement of Heng Chen Boon at [27] to [29].

39 At about 10.25 pm, Mr Lim arrived at Andrews Avenue. Thereafter, the
accused made two calls to Mr Lim to determine where Mr Lim was. The accused
eventually instructed Mr Lim to proceed to Car Park 2 at Sembawang Park. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [20] to [21]; Accused’s statement
recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A103].

The accused waited near Malta Crescent. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A103].

At about 11.10 pm, the accused called Mr Lim and instructed him to proceed by
foot to a pavilion in Sembawang Park. He told Mr Lim to leave the bag
containing the money under a tree beside the pavilion. The accused then ended
the call. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [22].

40 Mr Lim placed the bag under the tree as instructed. He then walked out of
Sembawang Park and returned to his car.

Collection of the ransom

41 The accused waited for about 15 minutes after Mr Lim had deposited the bag
before he went to the tree to retrieve the bag. He unzipped it slightly and
noticed that it contained stacks of money. Holding the bag in his right hand,
the accused ran toward Malta Crescent and Gibraltar Crescent before eventually
turning into Cyprus Road, where he saw thick vegetation. The accused entered
the vegetation and deposited the bag there. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A103].

42 Thereafter, the accused returned to the Volkswagen. He directed Mr Heng to
drive to a HDB estate near Sembawang Road. The accused then told Mr Heng to
alight and take a taxi home. Mr Heng did so.

Release of Mdm Ng

43 Following Mr Heng’s departure, the accused drove to Seletar Camp and parked
the Volkswagen near a bus stop. He removed Mdm Ng’s blindfold and used a wet
tissue to clean her face, hands and arms. He then helped Mdm Ng out of the
Volkswagen and pointed her to a bus stop in front of her, telling her to wait
for her son at the bus stop. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A106].

44 On 9 January 2014, at about 12.05 pm, the accused called Mr Lim and
informed him that he had released Mdm Ng at a bus stop along Jalan Kayu, near
Seletar Camp. The accused told Mr Lim to make his way there to look for her.
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Conditioned statement of Lim Hock Chee at [24].

Arrest of the accused

45 After the call, the accused noticed that his clothes were muddy and decided
to go to the house of Marcus Loh, a friend of his, in order to clean up. The
accused drove to a car park at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10 and exited the car. As the
accused was cleaning his hand with wet wipes, he was arrested by police
officers. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 15 January 2014 at 3.08 pm at [A106] and
[A107].

The parties’ submissions

46 It suffices for me at this juncture to summarise the cases of the
Prosecution and the defence. I will describe the parties’ submissions in
greater detail during my analysis of the key issues to be determined.

47 The Prosecution submits that the contents of the accused’s uncontested
statements alone are sufficient to prove the Charge against the accused beyond
reasonable doubt. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at [5].

The admissions made by the accused in his statements are entirely consistent
with the testimonies of Mdm Ng, Mr Lim, Mr Heng and the contemporaneous video
recordings taken by the camera in the Volkswagen. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at [4].

48 The defence does not dispute that the accused committed the actus reus of
the offence under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act. The defence argues, however, that
the mens rea for the offence is not satisfied. The accused intended to release
Mdm Ng that same day (ie 8 January 2014), regardless of whether the accused
received the ransom. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [3].

It submits, in essence, that the mens rea to be established for an offence
under s 3 is the intention to hold the victim until and unless the ransom is
paid. In other words, it is a “condition precedent” to the release of the
victim that the ransom is paid. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [17].

Thus the scope of the offence does not include an abductor whose intention is
to release his hostage whether or not ransom is received. Accordingly, the
accused, whose intention was to release Mdm Ng regardless of whether he
received the ransom he demanded, is not guilty of the offence under s 3 of the
Kidnapping Act. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [5].

49 The Prosecution responds that the defence’s submissions are incorrect both
as a matter of law and fact. It argues that there is no evidence which
supports the accused’s claim that he intended to release Mdm Ng on the night
of 8 January 2014 regardless of whether ransom was paid. To the contrary, the
weight of the evidence shows that the accused was serious about collecting the
ransom, and would have continued to hold Mdm Ng if Mr Lim had not made the
payment. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions at [8].

The Prosecution questions also the defence’s characterisation of the mens rea
of the offence as a matter of law. It argues that there is no ambiguity in the
language of s 3 of the Kidnapping Act, and that the defence’s interpretation
of s 3 is both strained and artificial. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [3].

The mens rea requirement under s 3, according to the Prosecution, is its
literal meaning – ie, the intent to hold the victim for the purpose of ransom.
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [7].

An accused will have the necessary mental element for the offence once he
abducts the hostage with the intention to make a demand for ransom. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [14].

Issues for determination

50 Section 3 of the Kidnapping Act reads as follows:

Abduction, wrongful restraint or wrongful confinement for ransom

3\. Whoever, with intent to hold any person for ransom, abducts or wrongfully
restrains or wrongfully confines that person shall be guilty of an offence and
shall be punished on conviction with death or imprisonment for life and shall,
if he is not sentenced to death, also be liable to caning.

51 It is apparent from the language of the statute that the actus reus of the
s 3 offence consists of the abduction, wrongful restraint or wrongful
confinement of the person who is held for ransom. For ease of reference, I
will refer to the person who is held for ransom as “the victim”. The mens rea
requirement under s 3 is accordingly the intent to hold the victim for ransom.

52 As I have mentioned (at [48] above), the defence does not contest the
satisfaction of the actus reus requirement in this case. My analysis will
therefore centre on the crux of the defence, ie whether the accused possessed
the necessary mens rea.

53 For completeness, however, I consider that the actus reus would have been
satisfied even if the defence had not conceded the point. Section 2 of the
Kidnapping Act indicates that the terms “abduction”, “wrongful restraint” and
“wrongful confinement” have the meanings assigned to them in the relevant
sections of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”).
Abduction is defined at s 362 of the Penal Code, which states, “Whoever by
force compels, or by any deceitful means induces any person to go from any
place, is said to abduct that person.” It is evident from the undisputed facts
that the accused lied to Mdm Ng when he first approached her at about 11.30 am
on 8 January 2014, telling her that Mr Lim had suffered a fall and had sent
the accused to bring Mdm Ng to see Mr Lim at his office, in a bid to induce
Mdm Ng to get into the rental car with him and leave the area (see [22] to
[23] above). This strategy was undeniably successful. Thus, if the matter had
been contested, I would have had no hesitation in finding that the actus reus
requirement of the s 3 offence was satisfied.

54 Given the manner in which the accused has chosen to mount his defence, the
dispute has narrowed into the following two key issues for my determination:

(a) The nature of the mens rea requirement for the offence under s 3 of the
Kidnapping Act; and

(b) Whether the accused possessed the aforementioned mens rea.

I will take each of these two issues in turn.

The mens rea for the offence under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act

The proper approach to statutory interpretation

55 Given the dispute on the proper interpretation of s 3 of the Kidnapping
Act, I begin by identifying certain well-established principles on statutory
interpretation that will inform my approach to the issues. It is appropriate
to begin with s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
Interpretation Act”), which enshrines the principle of purposive
interpretation:

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials

9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

56 In Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (“Low Kok Heng”),
which was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in its recent decision in
Nam Hong Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd v Kori Construction (S) Pte Ltd
[2016] 4 SLR 604 at [28], V K Rajah JA explained (at [41]) that any common law
principle of interpretation, such as the plain meaning rule and the strict
construction rule, must yield to the purposive interpretation approach under s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act. All written law, penal or otherwise, must be
interpreted purposively. Other common law principles come into play only when
(i) their application coincides with the purpose underlying the written law in
question; or (ii) ambiguity in that written law persists even after an attempt
at purposive interpretation.

57 In Forward Food Management Pte Ltd and another v Public Prosecutor [2002] 1
SLR(R) 443 (“Forward Food Management”), Yong Pung How CJ held (at [26]) that
the strict construction rule is only applied to ambiguous statutory provisions
as a tool of last resort. It is only after the literal and purposive
interpretations of the provision as methods of ascertaining Parliament’s
intent have been exhausted that the strict construction rule kicks in in the
accused’s favour. In Low Kok Heng, Rajah JA expressed the view (at [38]) that
the position taken in Forward Food Management is “decidedly the most
appropriate approach to adopt [in relation to the strict construction rule],
particularly in the light of the principle of statutory construction of
statutes endorsed by Parliament in the Interpretation Act”.

58 The defence has begun its analysis by applying a “literal interpretation”
to the language of s 3. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [9] to [19].

It reaches the conclusion that “the language of s 3 alone is inconclusive” and
thus “it will be necessary to ‘look beyond the four corners of the statute’
and purposively interpret s 3”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [18].

It then embarks on a purposive interpretation of the statutory provision and
concludes that Parliament “could not have intended” that s 3 would apply in a
case where the abductor intended to release his victim even if he did not
receive the ransom demanded. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [38].

59 I do not consider that the defence conducted its analysis according to the
proper approach to statutory interpretation that I have described in the
preceding paragraphs. As emphasised by Rajah JA in Low Kok Heng (at [57]), s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive approach be adopted
in the construction of all statutory provisions, and allows extrinsic material
to be referred to even where, on a plain reading, the words of a statute are
clear and unambiguous. Purposive interpretation is the “paramount principle of
interpretation”. Accordingly, I will begin my analysis with a purposive
interpretation of s 3 of the Kidnapping Act, in order to ascertain the mens
rea requirement stated therein.

Purposive interpretation

Legislative history

60 The Penal Code (Amendment) Bill was laid before Parliament on 23 April 1958
by the Chief Secretary, Mr E. B. David (“Mr David”). One of the aims of the
Bill was to increase the sentences for the crime of kidnapping, in light of
several instances of kidnapping and attempted kidnapping over the past years.
According to Mr David, “the essence of every kidnapping case is to put the
victim and his relatives in fear of physical violence”: Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 April 1958) vol 6 at col 135. Mr
David explained that “for the better protection of the public, it [was]
considered advisable to arm the Courts with this additional power to be used
at discretion”.

61 In the same debate, Member of Parliament Mr Lee Choon Eng expressed the
view that “[k]idnapping and gangsterism are very, very serious offences
because they cause fear and alarm not only to the rich and poor but also to
every individual citizen in this country. … We must also consider the
condition of the family of that victim. When a victim is kidnapped and
confined illegally or wrongfully, the family is put under mental torture and
suffers more if that victim is the sole bread-winner of the family.”:
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 April 1958) vol 6 at col
136.

62 An even more resolute stance was expressed by the then-Minister for Home
Affairs, Mr Ong Pang Boon (“Mr Ong”), in moving the Punishment of Kidnapping
Bill on 24 May 1961. Mr Ong described the Bill as “the strongest manifestation
yet of the Government’s determination to wipe out evil perpetrators of the
offence of kidnapping for ransom”: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (24 May 1961) vol 14 at col 1504. One of the aims he described was to
“deter potential kidnappers from risking their necks without the certainty of
gain”. He emphasised the need to combat the kidnapping menace which, at the
time the Bill was introduced, had “reared its ugly and evil head…and caused
alarm and nervousness especially among the wealthy merchants and businessmen”.

63 The Bill introduced the offence of kidnapping for ransom as an aggravated
form of ordinary kidnapping or abduction. Mr Ong explained that cl 3 of the
Bill, which is the precursor of s 3 of the Kidnapping Act, made it an offence
for a person to abduct, wrongfully restrain or wrongfully confine any other
person with intent to hold such person for ransom, and that on conviction the
offender would be punished with death or imprisonment for life (whereupon he
would also be liable to caning). He also observed the need to encourage
victims and their families and agents to be more resolute in their cooperation
with the police, because “[n]othing makes the kidnapper feel more secure and
become bolder than the knowledge that most victims and their relatives are
tongue-tied during negotiations whilst the victim is in captivity and even
after payment of ransom through fear of possible reprisals instilled into them
by these kidnappers, who cleverly use this psychological weapon to good
advantage”. This formed the rationale for the further creation of an offence
for a person who knowingly negotiates to pay or to pays any ransom to procure
the release of a victim (now under s 5(2) of the Kidnapping Act). As Mr Ong
described, the purpose of the Bill was to “deter criminally-minded kidnappers
from kidnapping persons for ransom” and to provide “a stern warning that
kidnapping does not pay. Should there be any future kidnapping case, it could
become an appointment with death or an invitation to life incarceration for
the kidnapper.”: Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (24 May
1961) vol 14 at col 1507.

64 The Kidnapping Act (Cap 101, 1970 Rev Ed) came into operation on 15 April
1971. A query by Member of Parliament Mr Leong Horn Kee was posed to the then-
Minister for Home Affairs and Second Minister for Law Professor S. Jayakumar
during the parliamentary session on 23 March 1985, regarding the incidence of
kidnap for ransom cases in Singapore over the past few years. Professor
Jayakumar responded that all 34 cases reported to the police since 1959 had
been solved. The punishments provided by the Kidnapping Act and the success of
the police in dealing with such cases had the desired deterrent effect:
Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 March 1985) vol 45 at col
1260. On 23 May 1994, the then-Minister for Home Affairs Mr Wong Kan Seng
reported that the introduction of the death penalty for kidnapping in 1961 had
resulted in a “dramatic drop in such cases” – there were only 6 cases of
kidnapping reported in the last ten years (ie between 1984 and 1994), compared
with a peak of 38 cases in 1959 alone: Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (23 May 1994) vol 63 at col 61.

My findings

65 In my view, there is nothing within the relevant parliamentary speeches
discussed above that warrants a restrictive approach towards the mens rea
requirement for the s 3 offence. Rather, it appears that the legislative
intent is to cast a wide net to penalise the actions of abductors who place
their victims and the relatives of their victims in fear that physical
violence may be caused to the victims. As observed by Mr David as far back as
1958, the “essence” of kidnapping is the generation of such fear for victims
and their relatives. In that debate, Mr Lee Choon Eng expressed similar
sentiments, emphasising that kidnapping is a serious offence “because [it]
cause[s] fear and alarm” to citizens. He further noted that the families of
the victims are “put under mental torture”. Mr Ong similarly observed that
kidnapping had “caused alarm and nervousness” amongst the citizenry.

66 From a reading of the parliamentary speeches, one can immediately discern
the real concern that kidnapping for ransom causes considerable fear and
apprehension to both victims and their families. No distinction is drawn
between cases in which abductors intend to release their victims only if
ransom is received, and those where abductors intend to effect such release
after a certain period even if they did not obtain their desired payoff. Nor
would one have expected Parliament to draw such a distinction, in light of the
sentiments expressed by the Ministers and Members of Parliament, because in
both types of cases the victims and their families will undoubtedly experience
fear and apprehension. Accordingly, there was no need for Parliament to draw
such a distinction, nor is there any basis for the defence to divine such a
theoretical divide from the parliamentary speeches.

67 Following from its discussion of the harm to society posed by kidnapping,
Parliament adopted an unambiguous and unwavering position that such acts had
to be deterred – in the words of Mr Ong, there was a need to “deter potential
kidnappers from risking their necks without the certainty of gain”.
Parliament’s palpable intent was to establish a strong disincentive for
abductors to embark on such a risky venture, gambling against the
investigative abilities of law enforcement in the hope that they might derive
some ill-gotten gains. Yet this is precisely what a person who abducts his
victim and seeks ransom for the victim’s release is doing, regardless of
whether he intends to release his victim after a period of time despite not
receiving the ransom. Such a person has already cast his lot by embarking on a
criminal endeavour in the hope of monetary return. Nothing in the
parliamentary debates suggests that Parliament intended to allow those people
who deliberately choose to abduct innocent victims and essentially gamble on
whether they receive the ransom demanded, within a self-selected window of
time, to escape criminal responsibility under the s 3 offence.

68 The defence points out that the offence of kidnapping or abducting in order
to murder under s 364 of the Penal Code carries also a punishment of death or
imprisonment for life, and argues that since an abductor with intent to
release his victim regardless of whether he obtains ransom does not possess
the same moral blameworthiness as an abductor who intends to murder his
victim, the former cannot fall within the scope of the s 3 offence, which
carries a similar sentence of death or life imprisonment. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [24].

69 I do not think there is merit in this argument. This is for two reasons
which the Prosecution has brought to my attention. First, the approach adopted
by the defence essentially seeks to determine the scope of a penal provision
by reference to the severity of the punishment provided for. The Prosecution
submits, and I agree, that it would be an usurpation of the legislative
function for a court to deliberately narrow the scope of a provision simply
because it feels that the punishment which Parliament has prescribed for a
certain offence is too severe. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [23].

I note further that a similar warning was sounded by Rajah JA in Low Kok Heng
in his discussion of the limits of purposive interpretation (at [52]):

… Courts must be cautious to observe the limitations on their power and to
confine themselves to administering the law. “Purposive construction often
requires a sophisticated analysis to determine the legislative purpose and a
discriminating judgment as to where the boundary of construction ends and
legislation begins” (per McHugh JA in Kingston v Keprose Pty Ltd (1987) 11
NSWLR 404 at 423). Section 9A of the Interpretation Act should not be viewed
as a means or licence by which judges adopt new roles as legislators; the
separation of powers between the judicial branch and the legislative branch of
government must be respected and preserved. [emphasis added]

70 Rajah JA strikes an appropriate note of caution that I bear well in mind in
determining the scope of a statutory provision by way of purposive
interpretation. In my view, Parliament has explained its view of the essence
and the true harm of kidnapping to society (described at [60] to [64] above).
Having set out the breadth of the offence in s 3 of the Kidnapping Act,
Parliament has accordingly made a considered decision to prescribe the
punishment it did in s 3 of the Kidnapping Act in order to stamp out such
evil, and it has since then noted on more than one occasion the deterrent
effect produced by such punishment (see [64] above). The Prosecution also
correctly notes that when Parliament determines the appropriate sentence for
offences, it considers a range of factors apart from the moral heinousness of
the offences. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [25].

It takes into account other factors such as the prevalence of the offence,
whether the offence is committed for profit, and whether the offence is
difficult to detect or prevent. I find that the relevant parliamentary
speeches reflect Parliament’s consideration of these factors, in particular
the prevalence of the offence as well as its difficulty of detection, due to
the reluctance of victims’ families to provide assistance to the police for
fear of reprisals to the victims (see [63] above). Upon a holistic
consideration of these factors, Parliament deemed it appropriate for the
punishment for kidnapping for ransom to be set at the level laid down in s 3
of the Kidnapping Act.

71 The Prosecution also submits that the sentencing options that are open to
the court for an offence under s 3 allow the court to take into account the
relative culpability of the offender. For instance, the greater the level of
harm inflicted on the victim, the more likely that a harsher sentence will be
imposed on the offender. I agree with the Prosecution that s 3 of the
Kidnapping Act provides for a “properly calibrated system of punishments that
takes into account the level of harm inflicted on the hostage”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [19(b)].

Given the sentencing options available, the court can take into account
factors such as the intention of the abductor to release his victim even if he
does not receive the ransom demanded within the specified period when
determining the appropriate sentence to be imposed.

72 In the circumstances, I reject the defence’s unduly restrictive
interpretation of the mens rea requirement for the offence under s 3 of the
Kidnapping Act. I accept the broader formulation proposed by the Prosecution,
which appears to me to be far more consistent with parliamentary intent. The
mental element will be satisfied when the accused intends to hold the victim
for the purpose of obtaining ransom. It is not part of the mens rea that the
accused must further intend to hold the victim until and unless the ransom is
obtained.

Literal interpretation

73 Given the finding that I have reached following a purposive interpretation
of s 3, there is strictly speaking no need for me to have regard to other
interpretive techniques, such as the plain meaning rule. But for completeness,
I will explain my view on what a literal interpretation of s 3 demands.

The parties’ submissions

74 The defence submits that the meaning of the phrase “hold for ransom” within
s 3 turns on the meaning of the word “for”. It suggests that “for” has two
possible meanings. It could mean “for the purpose of”, in which case the mens
rea would be the intention to hold any person for the purpose of demanding or
obtaining ransom. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [11].

Significantly, the defence concedes that if this is the mens rea of the s 3
offence, then the accused would have the necessary mens rea since the elements
of the offence will be satisfied even if the accused intended to release Mdm
Ng without receiving the ransom. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [12].

75 But the defence argues that there is a second possible meaning of “for”.
When “for” is used in the context of a transaction, it may create a condition
precedent. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [13].

According to the defence, a kidnapping where ransom is demanded is ultimately
a transaction. The victim’s family pays the abductor ransom, and in exchange
the abductor releases the victim. If so, the mens rea required under s 3 would
be the intention to hold any person until and unless the ransom is paid. In
other words, it is a “condition precedent” to the release of the person that
the ransom is paid. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [17].

Thus in a case where the abductor intends to release the victim regardless of
whether ransom is paid, he does not possess the requisite mens rea.

76 The Prosecution criticises the defence’s approach on the basis that there
is nothing in the parliamentary debates that suggests that Parliament treated
kidnapping as a commercial transaction proposed by the abductor to the
victim’s family. The defence’s attempt to transplant a meaning of the word
“for” that is used in commercial transactions into s 3 of the Kidnapping Act
is entirely artificial. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [9].

The Prosecution submits that the phrase “for ransom” within s 3 admits of only
one meaning. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [13].

The High Court decision in Public Prosecutor v Tan Ping Koon and another
[2004] SGHC 205 (“Tan Ping Koon”) makes it clear that the mens rea of the s 3
offence is satisfied once the abductor abducts the victim with the intention
to make a demand for ransom. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Prosecution’s reply submissions at [14].

My findings

77 In my view, the defence’s interpretation of the phrase “intent to hold any
person for ransom” as “intent to hold any person until and unless ransom is
paid” is untenable. The intention to require the payment of ransom as a
“condition precedent” for release ultimately entails implausible consequences.
In the interest of clarity, I will employ the use of the diagram below (ie
Figure 1) to aid my explanation.

Figure 1

78 Figure 1 depicts the possible intentions of an abductor regarding the
victim’s release, situated along a scale of relative culpability. On the lower
end of the scale is the intention to release the victim regardless of whether
ransom is obtained, which I have termed “Intention (A)” for ease of reference.
The defence argues that Intention (A) is less morally blameworthy than
Intention (B), which is the intention to release the victim only when ransom
is obtained –in other words (and in the words of the defence), the intention
to hold the victim until and unless the ransom is paid. The antithesis of
Intention (A) is Intention (C), which refers to an abductor’s intent not to
release the victim regardless of whether ransom is obtained. Such an abductor
never intends to let his or her victim go, even if the victim’s family pays
the ransom in full. An abductor who possesses Intention (C) is seated
ignominiously at the highest end of the culpability spectrum.

79 The defence’s interpretation of the mens rea requirement as the “intent to
hold any person until and unless ransom is paid” (see [75] above) is
essentially a reference to Intention (B). Such an abductor, according to the
defence, possesses sufficient moral culpability to be penalised under s 3 of
the Kidnapping Act. The defence is at pains to emphasise that a person with
Intention (A) would not possess the necessary mens rea. His intention does not
contain the requisite “condition precedent”, because he intends to release the
victim even if he does not obtain the ransom from the victim’s family. In
other words, the existence of the “condition precedent” is an essential and
indispensable element of the mens rea for the offence under s 3. The defence
suggests that an abductor with Intention (B) does not have sufficient moral
culpability for criminal liability under s 3. This accordingly forms the basis
for the defence’s submission that the accused, as an abductor who intended to
release Mdm Ng eventually regardless of whether he obtained the ransom, does
not have the requisite mens rea.

80 The difficulty with the defence’s proposed mens rea, however, is that it is
ultimately unable to account for Intention (C), ie an intention not to release
regardless of whether ransom is obtained. Intention (C), similar to Intention
(A), does not contain a condition precedent. In this sense, Intention (C)
possesses a marked dialectical similarity to Intention (A). Significantly,
however, Intention (C) stands at the very opposite end of the culpability
spectrum from Intention (A). An abductor with such intention is the most
morally blameworthy. Given his degree of moral blameworthiness, how could it
possibly be the case that an abductor with Intention (C) manages to elude
criminal liability under s 3 simply because the requisite “condition
precedent” is similarly absent in Intention (C)? His state of mind represents
the scourge of kidnapping at its most evil. Even after he receives the ransom
(and also if he does not), he intends for his victim to remain languishing in
an unnameable dungeon, possibly never to be found. But the logically
unavoidable consequence of the requirement (as proposed by the defence) that
the abductor must intend to hold until and unless he obtains the ransom is
that Intention (C) will be excluded from the scope of s 3. Just as Intention
(A) is excluded from the scope of s 3 (as the defence recommends), so must
Intention (C), if the defence’s analysis is pursued to its logical end. I
reject such an analysis. In my view, an acceptance of the defence’s
characterisation of the mens rea requirement will lead to the unacceptable
corollary that greater evil will go unpunished. This is unsound as a matter of
logic and policy and cannot conceivably represent Parliament’s intention.

81 The Prosecution has referred me to Tan Ping Koon, a decision of Tay Yong
Kwang J (as he then was) in the High Court. The facts of this case are not
akin to those of the present case so I shall state them briefly. The two
accused persons in that case each faced a charge of kidnapping with common
intention. The victim was a young girl of less than 10 years at the time of
the offences. The second accused had entered the victim’s house, carried the
victim out of the house and brought her into his car, which was driven by the
first accused. They then left the scene, but soon noticed that they were
followed by another vehicle. They decided to abandon the victim by asking her
to alight at the side of the road. Although the two accused persons
subsequently pleaded guilty before Tay J, Tay J nevertheless explained his
views (at [54] and [55] of his judgment) on whether the elements of the
offence were satisfied for each accused person. Tay J found that the act of
abduction was complete when the second accused carried the victim out of the
compound of the house onto the road. In relation to the existence of mens rea,
Tay J held as follows:

55 However, in order to sustain a conviction under s 3 of the Kidnapping Act,
the Prosecution must prove that the abduction was with the intention of
holding that person for ransom. … A demand for ransom made after abduction
would offer the best proof of the purpose of the abduction but no demand made
does not mean no intention to make a demand. What has to be proved is the
intent, not the demand nor the payment of ransom. In the present case, the
voluntary statements of both accused persons put the matter beyond any
dispute. The only purpose of abducting [the victim] was to force her father to
pay their price of her release. The offence is complete even if the
perpetrators did not succeed in their purpose. [emphasis added]

82 In his analysis of whether the mens rea requirement for the s 3 offence was
satisfied, Tay J focused on “the purpose of the abduction”, and reasoned that
a demand for ransom made after abduction would offer the “best proof” of what
this purpose was. He further reasoned that the fact that no demand was
actually made on the facts of the case (given that the accused persons decided
to release the victim for fear that they were being followed) did not mean
that there was no intention to make a demand for ransom. I find that Tay J’s
analysis coheres with my finding that the mens rea requirement for the offence
under s 3 is the intention to hold the victim for the purpose of obtaining
ransom. One clear means by which an abductor would evince such an intention
would be by making a demand for ransom, backed by the leverage of the victim’s
captivity and well-being.

The strict construction rule

83 I have explained at [57] above that the strict construction rule is only
applied as a “tool of last resort”, when both the purposive and literal
interpretations of the statutory provision have been attempted and the meaning
of the provision remains in ambiguity. It is a “qualified and non-absolute
principle of interpretation that applies only where ambiguity persists after a
purposive interpretation approach pursuant to s 9(A)(1) of the Interpretation
Act is adopted” (emphasis in the original): Low Kok Heng at [85]. Having
applied both purposive and literal interpretive techniques to s 3, and having
found no such ambiguity in reaching my conclusions thereon, it would be
inappropriate for me to apply the strict construction rule. I therefore reject
the defence’s invitation for me to do so. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [44].

Whether the accused possessed the requisite mens rea

84 The defence concedes that if the mens rea for the offence under s 3 is the
intention to hold the victim for the purpose of obtaining ransom (as I have
found), then the accused will have the necessary mens rea (see [74] above).
Indeed, the accused agreed during cross-examination that he abducted Mdm Ng
not for any other purpose than his desire to demand a ransom from Mr Lim. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE 1 September 2016 p15 lines 6 to 9.

Since the sole defence of the accused is premised on his legal argument (which
I have rejected) on the scope of the mens rea requirement under s 3, his
defence falls away. I add for completeness that even if the accused had not
conceded that he had the necessary mens rea, I would have rejected this
contention. In my view, the overwhelming weight of the evidence demonstrates
that the accused conceived and executed his plans to abduct Mdm Ng for the
sole purpose of demanding ransom of $20 million from Mr Lim. These plans were
indeed carried out with some success – he managed to extract a sum of $2
million from Mr Lim for his efforts.

85 Even if I were to accept the defence’s proposed formulation of the mens
rea, I would have had serious doubts that the accused intended to release Mdm
Ng regardless of whether he obtained the ransom. On the contrary, I would have
been prepared to find that the evidence before me demonstrated beyond a
reasonable doubt that the accused had intended to hold Mdm Ng until and unless
Mr Lim made some payment for her release. I have set out the contents of the
text message sent by the accused to Mr Lim at [27] above. The language is
highly threatening and the expressed intention is clear: “pay money and life
will be saved”. This was a “problem that [could] be resolved with money [and
was therefore] not a problem”. The indisputable meaning of the message was
that unless Mr Lim paid the money (and thereby resolved the “problem”), his
mother’s life and liberty would be forfeited. During cross-examination, Mr Lim
disagreed with counsel for the defence’s suggestion that the accused had
intended to release Mdm Ng regardless of whether Mr Lim paid the ransom to the
accused. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

NE 30 August 2016 p47 lines 24 to 30.

Mr Lim explained that during the telephone conversations with the accused and
his text messages to Mr Lim, the accused “was angry and agitated”, causing Mr
Lim to “worr[y] for the safety of [his] mother”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

NE 30 August 2016 p48 lines 1 to 3.

Thereafter, following Mr Lim’s indication that he had only managed to raise $2
million in the evening of 8 January 2014, the accused agreed to accept this
sum. There is nothing to indicate that the accused’s decision to accept $2
million (which is obviously still a substantial sum) as ransom was anything
other than a considered choice on his part. In the totality of the
circumstances, I do not consider that the evidence supports the defence’s
assertion that the accused intended to release Mdm Ng regardless of whether he
obtained the money or not.

86 I also emphasise the tremendous amount of preparatory work undertaken by
the accused before 8 January 2014. His planning was assiduous and meticulous,
as is evident from the documentary evidence (including the accused’s
organiser) seized by the police. He carried out surveillance at 73 Jalan Arif
numerous times over the course of six months in order to observe Mdm Ng’s
daily routine, before he actually set the wheels of his plan in motion.
Several years before that, he had already begun purchasing items that he might
need to use in aid of his nefarious schemes. He sourced these items not merely
locally, but also from Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru and online from
eBay. These items were obtained for various purposes – to subdue the victim,
to conceal the accused’s appearance from the victim, and to aid him in eluding
police detection. The defence’s attempt to characterise the accused as “an
amateur wannabe” and “the most woeful kidnapper in Singapore history” is
therefore wholly without basis. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [4].

Indeed, he met with considerably more success in his endeavour than did the
two accused persons in Tan Ping Koon, who abandoned their plan even before
they made a demand for ransom. Given the vast efforts invested by the accused
into the planning and preparation of his scheme, I consider it highly
implausible that he would simply have given up when the clock struck twelve,
and released Mdm Ng with his pockets empty.

87 Furthermore, when Mr Heng pleaded insistently that the accused should
release Mdm Ng at a nearby bus stop or taxi stand, and that there were other
solutions available to his financial woes, the accused’s response was simply
that he “could not turn back” (see [34] above). Following Mr Heng’s refusal to
cooperate, the accused even threatened that he would reveal their sexual
history to Mr Heng’s family members if Mr Heng did not comply (see [38]
above). These are not the words of a sympathetic, half-hearted, would-be
offender willing to release his hard-won financial leverage even if he did not
receive a return. It is the language of a man who perceived that he had no
recourse but to embark upon a criminal enterprise and who was determined to
see his plans through, even if this entailed issuing threats to Mr Lim on the
well-being of his elderly mother, or even to Mr Heng, a friend of 20 years to
whom the accused is so close that he is “like…family”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Accused’s statement recorded on 11 January 2014 at 2.37 pm at [2].

88 The defence relies on the accused’s statements, where the accused indicates
that he had repeatedly told Mdm Ng that he would release her by the night of 8
January 2014. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [49].

I am hesitant to place any weight on what the accused said to Mdm Ng under the
circumstances because these utterances to Mdm Ng could simply be explained as
assurances given for the purpose of placating Mdm Ng and preventing her from
forming any intention to resist the accused. The defence asserts that the
accused’s intention to release Mdm Ng that night was “further reinforced when
he discovered that Mdm Ng needed insulin injections every night”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defence’s closing submissions at [49].

But this rings hollow in light of the utter disregard that the accused
displayed for Mdm Ng’s well-being when he decided to abduct her (a 79-year-old
lady), blindfold her throughout the course of the day, drive her to various
remote parts of Singapore and finally leave her alone in an unfamiliar area
close to midnight, which might be well past the time for her regular insulin
injections.

89 Accordingly, even assuming that the s 3 offence requires an intention to
hold the victim until and unless ransom is obtained (which is not the legal
conclusion that I have reached), I am satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that
the accused did hold such an intention.

Conclusion

90 For the above reasons, I find that the elements of the offence under s 3 of
the Kidnapping Act, for which the accused has been charged, have been proved
beyond a reasonable doubt. I therefore find the accused guilty of the Charge
and convict him accordingly.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

David Khoo and Zhuo Wenzhao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Prosecution;  
Selva Kumara Naidu and Tham Lijing (Liberty Law Practice LLP, Ascendant Legal
LLC) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

