Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 162

Suit No 449 of 2013  
(Summons No 3755 of 2016)

Between

| UTOC Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| ASK Singapore Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Principles]

[Civil procedure] — [Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UTOC Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

ASK Singapore Pte Ltd

[2016] SGHC 162

High Court — Suit No 449 of 2013 (Summons No 3755 of 2016)  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
10 August 2016

16 August 2016

Lee Seiu Kin J

1 On 22 July 2016, I dismissed the defendant’s application for a stay of
assessment of damages pending the defendant’s appeal to the Court of Appeal
against my decision on liability. On 1 August 2016, the defendant filed the
present summons for leave to appeal against my decision of 22 July 2016.

2 On 3 August 2016, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Eusuff Ali s/o N B M Mohamed
Kassim, wrote to counsel for the defendant, Mr Lee Hwee Khiam Anthony, to
state that it was “incorrect” to apply for leave to appeal. Mr Lee replied on
4 August 2016 to register his disagreement on this point, whereupon Mr Eusuff
replied on the same day, citing O 57 rr 15(1) and 16(4) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”).

3 At the hearing on 10 August 2016, Mr Eusuff raised a preliminary objection
to the defendant’s application for leave to appeal. He contended that there
was no basis for such an application as the defendant could apply directly to
the Court of Appeal for the stay that was refused by me on 22 July 2016. This
is because the Court of Appeal has concurrent jurisdiction pursuant to O 57 r
15(1) of the ROC, which provides as follows:

15.—(1) Except so far as the Court below or the Court of Appeal may otherwise
direct —

(a) an appeal shall not operate as a stay of execution or of proceedings under
the decision of the Court below; and

(b) no intermediate act or proceeding shall be invalidated by an appeal.

Further, O 57 r 16(4) of the ROC specifically provides that where both courts
have concurrent jurisdiction, the application must first be made to the court
below (unless there are special circumstances). In the present case, I had
dismissed the defendant’s application for stay. Therefore, the defendant was
not precluded from making the same application to the Court of Appeal by
invoking its concurrent jurisdiction.

4 Mr Eusuff referred to Cropper v Smith (1883) 24 Ch D 305 (“Cropper”), where
the English Court of Appeal considered the English equivalent of O 57 r 15(1)
of the ROC. Brett MR held (at 308) that “[b]y that rule it is assumed that the
Court of Appeal has … an independent jurisdiction” to order a stay. Cotton LJ
held (at 313) that the rule “gives co-ordinate jurisdiction” to both the court
below and the appellate court. The Court of Appeal in Au Wai Pang v Attorney-
General and another matter [2014] 3 SLR 357 (“Au Wai Pang”) considered Cropper
(at [76]) and opined (at [77]) that such jurisdiction was conferred by s 19 of
the UK Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK). In Naseer Ahmad
Akhtar v Suresh Agarwal and another [2015] 5 SLR 1032, Hoo Sheau Peng JC
affirmed this position (at [108]) and referred to the decision of the Court of
Appeal in Au Wai Pang. I should add that it seemed to me that jurisdiction to
grant leave is vested in both the High Court and the Court of Appeal pursuant
to s 34(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), the opening words of which state “[e]xcept with the leave of the
High Court or the Court of Appeal, no appeal shall be brought to the Court of
Appeal in any of the following cases”. Therefore, the concurrent jurisdiction
of both courts is derived from s 34(2) of the SCJA rather than O 57 r 15(1) of
the ROC.

5 Mr Lee did not dispute that the Court of Appeal has co-ordinate jurisdiction
to order a stay. He candidly admitted that he was not aware of this until he
received Mr Eusuff’s letter of 4 August 2016. However, he said that this did
not preclude the defendant from appealing against my refusal to grant a stay.
This is because s 29A(1) of the SCJA has vested the Court of Appeal with the
jurisdiction to hear “appeals from any judgment or order of the High Court in
any civil cause or matter”. Mr Lee referred to Dorsey James Michael v World
Sport Group Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 354 (“Dorsey James Michael”), where the Court
of Appeal held (at [11]) that the effect of s 29A(1) of the SCJA is that “any
judgment or order of the High Court is ordinarily appealable as of right”,
subject to any contrary provisions in the SCJA or any other written law. One
example of a contrary provision is s 34 of the SCJA, sub-section (1) of which
sets out the cases where no appeal may be brought to the Court of Appeal and
sub-section (2) of which requires leave to be obtained before an appeal may be
brought in certain categories of cases. Mr Lee submitted that there is nothing
in the SCJA that prohibits an appeal in the present case and that s 34(2)(d)
of the SCJA read with paragraph (d) of its Fifth Schedule permits an appeal
with leave of the High Court. The availability of a direct application to the
Court of Appeal pursuant to O 57 r 15(1) of the ROC (more correctly, s 34(2)
of the SCJA) does not preclude the defendant from exercising its right of
appeal. Mr Lee argued that the preliminary objection was therefore
unsustainable.

6 Mr Eusuff submitted that on the strength of Cropper, the right of appeal has
been removed. However, he was unable to point to anything in that authority to
support this proposition. On my part, I found that there was nothing in
Cropper that affected the jurisdiction vested in the Court of Appeal to hear
an appeal against my refusal to stay the assessment of damages. The Court of
Appeal is a creature of statute and it is only by statute that its
jurisdiction may be altered. I therefore dismissed the preliminary objection.

7 Before commencing to hear Mr Lee on his application for leave to appeal, I
asked him whether there was any point in my doing so when the defendant had
the right to apply directly to the Court of Appeal for a stay after I had
refused it. Mr Lee candidly stated that it would definitely be more convenient
for the defendant to proceed by way of a direct application to the Court of
Appeal. He then applied to withdraw the leave application. He also suggested
that there should be no order as to costs as he was withdrawing his
application.

8 Mr Eusuff did not object to the withdrawal but asked for costs. Mr Eusuff
said that the hearing was unnecessary and that Mr Lee knew this at least by 4
August 2016. Mr Eusuff also pointed out that the defendant had obtained a de
facto stay from the date of my refusal to grant one on 22 July 2016. Mr Eusuff
submitted that the defendant’s conduct in these applications was not bona fide
and that the applications were made to delay proceedings.

9 Mr Lee disagreed that the defendant’s applications were made for a
collateral purpose. He said that when Mr Eusuff wrote to him on 4 August 2016
to object to the application, it was on the basis that there was no right to
appeal (with leave) and he had disagreed with this. That was why he had
proceeded with the present application.

10 I did not find sufficient evidence showing that the application was made
for a collateral purpose, although I must state that if I did I would have
ordered costs on an indemnity basis. I also found no basis not to order costs
simply because the application was withdrawn. Many counsel appear to take the
view that an application that is withdrawn stands on a different footing from
one that has been dismissed. I have had counsel appearing before me who, in
the course of submissions, when it appears that the application is likely to
be dismissed, forestall the event by applying to withdraw it (although I must
stress that such was not the situation in the present case). The basis for
ordering costs is not whether the application is labelled as dismissed or
withdrawn but whether it is in the interest of justice that the respondent be
compensated for the costs incurred in relation to the application.

11 The present case involved a party that was dissatisfied with an order of
the High Court refusing a stay of the assessment of damages pending appeal
against the decision on liability. The defendant had the option of proceeding
to the Court of Appeal by way of a direct application to that court, or by way
of an appeal. The first option is much faster and cheaper than the second.
More importantly, the procedures involved in the first option would tie down
much less court resources and involve less legal fees for the parties. Unless
there is a special reason for doing so (eg, if a party would suffer prejudice
by making a direct application or if a party would gain a valid advantage by
proceeding with an appeal), the court will not entertain any application for
the second option. This policy is self-evident and ought to have been well
within the anticipation of Mr Lee. On that ground alone, I would not have
given leave to appeal had Mr Lee proceeded with the application. Therefore,
the defendant should have withdrawn this application before it came up for
hearing and both parties could have saved on legal fees for this hearing.
Furthermore, valuable court time could have been freed up for other matters.
For these reasons, I ordered the defendant to pay costs to the plaintiff fixed
at $3,000, inclusive of disbursements.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Eusuff Ali s/o N B M Mohamed Kassim (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the plaintiff;  
Lee Hwee Khiam Anthony and Cheng Geok Lin Angelyn (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

