Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 242

Originating Summons No 265 of 2015

(Summons No 504 of 2016)

In the matter of Section 82A(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed)  
---  
  
Between

| THE LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| RAVI S/O MADASAMY  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Ravi s/o Madasamy

[2016] SGHC 242

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 265 of 2015 (Summons No 504 of
2016)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
6 September 2016

27 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application made by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) under s 82A(10) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the LPA”) against Mr Ravi s/o Madasamy (“the Respondent”), who is, and was
at the material time, a non-practising solicitor.

2 As the Respondent is a non-practising solicitor, the Law Society was
required under s 82A(4) of the LPA to first apply for leave for a Disciplinary
Tribunal to be appointed to conduct an investigation into the complaints of
misconduct that had been made against him. It did so by way of Originating
Summons No 265 of 2015, and leave was granted pursuant to s 82A(6) of the LPA
on 29 April 2015 (see Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2015] 3
SLR 1187 (“Ravi (Leave Application)”)). A Disciplinary Tribunal was thereafter
appointed and it heard the matter over two days in August 2015.

3 After hearing the parties, the Disciplinary Tribunal concluded that there
was cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action to be taken against
the Respondent (see The Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2015]
SGDT 5). Thereafter, Mr Sean Francois La’Brooy (“Mr La’Brooy”) was appointed
to make an application under s 82A(10) of the LPA for the matter to be dealt
with by this court. Mr La’Brooy filed the present summons on behalf of the Law
Society, and the matter came before us for hearing on 6 September 2016.

4 There are potentially two issues before us: (a) whether due cause for
disciplinary action against the Respondent has been shown; and (b) if so, what
the appropriate sanction should be. The first issue can be disposed of
readily. Throughout the course of the proceedings, the Respondent has not
contested the charges against him. He also does not dispute that due cause is
made out. Hence, the nub of the matter that we have to deal with concerns the
sanction that should be imposed. On this, the Respondent contends that his
mental state and condition at the material time is a significant mitigating
factor, which the court must consider in deciding the appropriate sanction.

5 Having considered the parties’ submissions, and for the reasons we provide
after setting out the background, we consider that despite the mitigating
circumstances that are present in this case, it is necessary and appropriate
to prohibit the Respondent from applying for a practising certificate for a
period of two years, in order to safeguard the interests of the public and to
uphold public confidence in the integrity of the legal profession.

The background facts and the charges

6 The events that led to the four charges that have been preferred against the
Respondent occurred between 10 and 26 February 2015, which was the period
immediately after he had been suspended from practice.

The Law Society’s direction to suspend the Respondent

7 On 10 February 2015, at about 12.15pm, the Council of the Law Society (“the
Council”) issued a direction pursuant to s 25C(7) of the LPA that the
Respondent was to stop practising until he had undergone a medical
examination. This was on the basis that the Council had reason to believe that
the Respondent’s fitness to practise was impaired by reason of his mental
condition.

The subject of the first charge

8 Just over five hours after the Council issued that direction, at around
5.45pm, the Respondent appeared at the Law Society’s premises with three
companions. His conduct thereafter constitutes the subject of the first
charge. He made numerous inappropriate statements and acted in an unruly
manner, which were all recorded on a video clip (“the Video”) that was later
published on social media for public viewing. The Video carried the title
“Persecution of Human Rights lawyer M Ravi by the Law Society of Singapore”.
In the Video, he made the following (among other) statements:

(a) that the Law Society has “lost its independence” and should be called the
“Lost Society of Singapore”;

(b) that the Prime Minister of Singapore had said that “he will fix the
opposition” and was using the Law Society to “fix” the Respondent;

(c) that the Law Society had not spoken up for the Hindus “whose rights have
been trampled”; and

(d) that the appointment of Mr Lee Hsien Loong as the Prime Minister was
“unconstitutional” as he had been elected because he was Chinese, and the
Respondent would be filing an application for relief in the High Court.

The Respondent was also charged to have caused, encouraged, permitted and/or
failed to prevent one of his companions from using abusive language against a
member of the staff of the Law Society and from wrongfully restraining the
said staff member from leaving the premises.

9 The first charge is that by such conduct, the Respondent had failed to act
appropriately or with the measure of self-restraint and moderation expected of
an advocate and solicitor and is therefore guilty of misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor within the meaning of s 82A(3)(a) of the LPA. The Law
Society places particular emphasis on the racially sensitive nature of the two
statements that are summarised at [8(c)] and [8(d)] above.

10 Shortly after this, the Respondent voluntarily admitted himself to Mount
Elizabeth Hospital, where he remained until 14 February 2015. In response to a
question we posed at the hearing, counsel for the Respondent, Mr Eugene
Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), informed us that the Respondent had
voluntarily gone to the hospital after his psychiatrist, Dr Munidasa Winslow
(“Dr Winslow”), called him and advised him to do so.

The subject of the second charge

11 On the next day (11 February 2015) at 6.33pm, while the Respondent was
still in the hospital, he sent an email to the news desk of The Straits Times
and to a senior reporter, Mr K C Vijayan. The purpose of the email was to “…
decr[y] the harsh and oppressive suspension of his Practi[s]ing Certificate”
by the Law Society. The email also included an allegation that another
advocate and solicitor, Mr Colin Craig Lowell Phan Siang Loong (“Mr Phan”),
had been practising without a practising certificate. The Respondent also
included in the email a copy of a facsimile from M/s Drew & Napier LLC (“Drew
& Napier”), which was marked “without prejudice”, without first obtaining the
consent of Drew & Napier, and a photograph which showed, in the words of the
Respondent, “… the police being called to arrest [Mr Phan]”.

12 The email and the two attachments are the subject matter of the second
charge, which states that in these premises, the Respondent had acted
inappropriately and is therefore guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate
and solicitor under s 82A(3)(a) of the LPA.

The events leading to and constituting the third charge

13 The conduct that constitutes the third charge occurred a week later on 18
February 2015. But prior to that, the Council had written to the Respondent on
13 February 2015 in relation to the incident that had occurred on 10 February
2015 (see [8] above). The Council demanded in the letter that the Respondent
apologise for his conduct (and that of his companions), undertake not to
repeat the same, and take down the Video without disseminating it further. The
Respondent did not respond to this letter until a little over a month later on
16 March 2015 (see [18] below).

14 On 17 February 2015, the Council applied to the High Court by way of
Originating Summons No 161 of 2015 (“OS 161”) for an order requiring the
Respondent to submit to a medical examination. This was to comply with the
requirement under s 25C(8), read with s 25C(1), of the LPA, which requires the
Council to apply to a judge for such an order within seven days of having
issued a direction to suspend a solicitor’s practising certificate pursuant to
s 25C(7) of the LPA.

15 The Law Society’s application in OS 161 was perhaps the catalyst for the
Respondent’s conduct on the following day (18 February 2015) when he made
certain remarks concerning Mr Thio Shen Yi, SC (“Mr Thio”), the President of
the Law Society, and Mr Thio’s family members on what appeared to be the
Respondent’s “Facebook” page. The relevant parts of the post read as follows:

Mr Ravi is bemused if not surprised that the President of the Law Society,
Thio Shen Yi, head of the Council of the Law Society) had arrogated himself
the knowledge of psychiatric medicine in suspending Mr Ravi from practice. Mr
Ravi earnestly feels Mr Thio Shen Yi needs to go for psychiatric treatment and
also it will be helpful if he could ask his sister, the infamous Ms Thio Li-
Ann (supposedly leading authority on Constitutional Law and who is doggedly
opposed to the decriminalization of homosexuality and internationally
disgraced for her bigotry on human rights versus Charismatic Christianity). Mr
M Ravi seriously hopes Mr Thio Shen Yi does not end up being disgraced by the
members of the Bar by way of an [extraordinary general meeting], a similar
situation which his mother Prof Thio Su Mein faced during the AWARE saga and
it would seem that the Thio family has not carefully examined its own
antecedents.

Thio Shen Yi needs a serious examination of his own head before he goes head
to head with Mr Ravi. Mr Ravi will commence his slew of legal action against
the Council members in the coming days and will be suing them jointly and
severally.

The contents of that post is the subject-matter of the third charge against
the Respondent, which asserts that by such inappropriate conduct, the
Respondent is guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor.

The subject of the fourth charge

16 The Council’s application made by way of OS 161 (see [14] above) was heard
the following week on 24 and 26 February 2015. On 26 February 2015, the court
ordered that the Respondent be suspended from practice until further order.

17 On the same day, the Respondent made allegations against Mr Pradeep Pillai
(“Mr Pillai”), who had represented the Law Society in OS 161, on what appeared
to be his “Facebook” page. The relevant parts of the post read:

At the hearing this afternoon on the Law Society’s application to suspend Mr
Ravi from practice, which was made after he had announced his intention to
contest the next general elections against the prime minister at Ang Mo Kio
GRC, the proceedings turned into a mess towards the end of the morning
hearing.

The law society’s lawyer Mr Pradeep of M/s Shook Lin & Bok shouted at Mr Ravi
in front of the Judge that Ravi should not attend court anymore and he shouted
at Mr Ravi directly instead of addressing the court. The judge, His Honourable
Justice Quentin Loh visibly looked disconcerted at the Law Society counsel’s
misbehaviour.

Mr Ravi appealed to the court to control the emotions of Mr Pradeep which ran
high through his veins. At the close of the hearing as the Judge returned to
his chambers, Mr Pradeep assaulted Mr Ravi. This was captured in the court’s
camera footage. Mr Ravi immediately responded to Mr Pradeep who was trying to
agitate Mr Ravi before and throughout the hearing but to no avail, putting Mr
Pradeep on immediate notice that he will be commencing a Magistrate Complaint
against Mr Pradeep and also commencing legal action against Mr Pradeep, lawyer
for the Law Society, for assaulting Mr Ravi in committing the tort of battery
and for his shouting at Mr Ravi directly.

The fourth charge asserts that the Respondent had alleged – despite knowing
that it was untrue – that Mr Pillai had assaulted him after the hearing ended,
and that by making such a false and untrue statement, the Respondent is guilty
of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor.

Regaining of mental stability and show of remorse

18 According to his principal treating psychiatrist, Dr Winslow, the
Respondent’s mental condition stabilised by mid-March 2015. This was
manifested in a series of more rational acts on his part. On 16 March 2015,
the Respondent responded by way of a letter to the Law Society’s demand for an
apology that had been sent on 13 February 2015 (see [13] above). In the
letter, he apologised for his behaviour and that of his companions, undertook
not to repeat such conduct and to take down the Video.

19 Nearly a month later, on 14 April 2015, the Respondent sent letters of
apology to Mr Phan, Mr Thio, Professor Thio Su Mien, Professor Thio Li-ann,
and Mr Pillai for his earlier behaviour and allegations against them. He also
expressed willingness to publish a written apology if the recipients wanted
him to do so. Only Mr Pillai took up this offer. The Respondent said in his
letters to these parties that he was “extremely mortified” by his own
behaviour, which had been the result of him being in a “… hyper manic relapsed
state of [his] bipolar disorder” and added that he was taking all necessary
measures in consultation with his doctors and colleagues to prevent the
recurrence of such episodes. Mr Phan, who was the victim in the second charge
(see [11] above), wrote a letter in reply, accepting the Respondent’s apology
and stating as follows:

… I fully understand that you were not yourself at the time you uttered the
said allegations as you were suffering from bipolar disorder … In the
circumstances, I wholeheartedly accept your apology.

DT 12/2015: a separate set of disciplinary proceedings

20 Apart from the present set of proceedings, there was a separate set of
disciplinary proceedings that was concurrently brought against the Respondent
and which concluded on 11 July 2016. Those proceedings (DT 12/2015 – see The
Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy [2016] SGDT 7) pertain to acts
committed by the Respondent on 22 January and 7 February 2015. Although those
acts were committed very close in time, in fact just prior, to the acts that
constitute the subject matter of the four charges that are presently before
us, they were brought by way of a separate set of proceedings because the
Respondent was still a practising solicitor at the time of the earlier acts
but had become a non-practising solicitor by the time the acts giving rise to
the present charges were committed. Separate sets of proceedings were
necessitated given the different provisions governing disciplinary proceedings
for the two categories of solicitors under the LPA.

21 In DT 12/2015, the Respondent pleaded guilty to (a) a charge of failing to
deposit a sum of $29,000 that had been paid to him by his client, Mr Roy
Ngerng (“Mr Ngerng”), into a client account as required under the rules
pertaining to Solicitors’ Accounts; and (b) a charge of causing a video clip
to be taken in which he made inappropriate statements in public against Mr
Ngerng and then uploading it.

22 The Disciplinary Tribunal found that while there was no cause of sufficient
gravity to warrant a reference to this court for disciplinary action to be
taken, the Respondent should be ordered to pay a penalty of $2,000 for the
first offence and $5,000 for the second pursuant to s 93(1)(b) of the LPA. The
Disciplinary Tribunal took cognisance of the Respondent’s mental condition and
other mitigating factors, which it held reduced the gravity of his
transgressions but did not completely exonerate him from his conduct which it
termed “unacceptable”. The Disciplinary Tribunal considered that since the
Respondent knew that he had a history of bipolar disorder, it was incumbent on
him to exercise care to ensure that this disorder did not harm his clients or
those around him or cause him to engage in improper conduct falling short of
the standards of the profession.

The decision of the Disciplinary Tribunal in these proceedings

23 The Disciplinary Tribunal which heard the present set of proceedings
reached a different result in respect of the four charges but seemingly only
on technical grounds. It concluded after hearing the parties that there was
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action and for the present case
to be referred to this court. The Disciplinary Tribunal, however, observed
that it would have come to a different conclusion and found that the
misconduct was not serious enough to warrant a reference to this court had the
Respondent been a practising solicitor as it would then have exercised the
discretion available to it under s 93(1)(b) of the LPA to determine that the
Respondent should be reprimanded or be ordered to pay an appropriate penalty.
This in fact was what the Disciplinary Tribunal in DT 12/2015 had done (see
[21] above). However, as this option was not available to it because the
Respondent was a non-practising solicitor when he committed the acts that form
the subject of the four charges, the Disciplinary Tribunal found it necessary
to refer the case to this court. It also bears mentioning that the Respondent
had offered to pay a “voluntary fine” of $10,000 in the proceedings below. The
Disciplinary Tribunal held that it had no power to accept the Respondent’s
offer as its role was merely to report its finding as to whether there was
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action.

24 The Disciplinary Tribunal’s finding was to the effect that where a non-
practising solicitor or a Legal Service Officer is involved in disciplinary
proceedings, a different threshold applies when determining whether there is
cause of sufficient gravity to warrant the matter being referred to the Court
of Three Judges. This issue is not pursued before us and it is therefore not
necessary for us to come to a conclusion. Nonetheless, we think that it would
be helpful for us to give our views on this issue, which is likely to arise
from time to time in disciplinary proceedings against non-practising
solicitors or Legal Service Officers. We do so at [75]–[80] below, after
dealing with the question of due cause and the central issue of what the
appropriate sanction should be.

Whether due cause has been shown

25 We have observed at [4] above that there is no difficulty with the question
of whether due cause for disciplinary action has been made out.

26 In Ravi (Leave Application), I set out my reasons for finding that the Law
Society had made out a prima facie case against the Respondent on each of the
four charges. We are satisfied that the analysis set out at [26]–[46] of that
judgment remains correct. Consistent with this, the Respondent did not contest
the charges before the Disciplinary Tribunal.

27 By an extension of this court’s reasoning in respect of proceedings
involving practising solicitors in Law Society of Singapore v Jasmine
Gowrimani d/o Daniel [2010] 3 SLR 390 (“Jasmine Gowrimani”) at [35], a finding
that a non-practising solicitor’s conduct falls within s 82A(3)(a) of the LPA
would merely be a necessary but not sufficient condition for a finding of “due
cause”. We must thus still be satisfied that the Respondent’s conduct is
serious enough to warrant sanction pursuant to s 82A(12) of the LPA. The
Respondent does not contend otherwise, and looking at the Respondent’s conduct
in respect of the four charges, we are satisfied that due cause is made out.

28 We therefore turn to the central issue before us, namely the appropriate
sanction that should be imposed on the Respondent in the circumstances.

The appropriate sanction

Overview

29 Pursuant to s 82A(12) of the LPA, these are the sentencing options
available to this court:

(a) censure the non-practising solicitor;

(b) prohibit him from applying for a practising certificate for such period
not exceeding five years as this court may specify;

(c) order that his name be struck off the roll;

(d) order him to pay a penalty of not more than $20,000; or

(e) make such other order as this court thinks fit.

30 Before we examine what the appropriate sanction should be in this case, we
think it would be helpful to summarise some of the principal sentencing
considerations that should guide the court in the exercise of its sentencing
discretion in cases like the present, where the conduct of the solicitor is
influenced in large part by a psychiatric condition.

Sentencing considerations in disciplinary proceedings

31 It is well-established that in the context of disciplinary proceedings, the
imposition of sanctions is guided by the following considerations:

(a) the protection of members of the public who are dependent on solicitors in
the administration of justice;

(b) the upholding of public confidence in the integrity of the legal
profession;

(c) deterrence against similar defaults by the same solicitor and other
solicitors in the future; and

(d) the punishment of the solicitor who is guilty of misconduct.

(See Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel [1999] 1 SLR 266 (“Ravindra
Samuel”) at [11]–[13], Law Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin May Selena
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 320 (“Selena Chiong”) at [41], and the observations of
Professor Jeffrey Pinsler in Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code
for the Advocate and Solicitor (Academy Publishing, 2007) (“Ethics and
Professional Responsibility”) at para 01-078.)

32 Therefore in determining the appropriate sanction to be imposed against an
errant solicitor, all these factors must be taken into account. But as we
observed in Selena Chiong (at [26]), where the particular interests pull the
court in different directions in any given case, it is the interest of the
public that will be paramount and that must therefore prevail.

33 The court’s concern with the protection of the public and upholding public
confidence in the integrity of the profession – which are considerations that
extend beyond the specific circumstances of the errant solicitor – also
explains why mitigating factors carry less weight in disciplinary proceedings
than in criminal proceedings. As we explained in Law Society of Singapore v
Kurubalan s/o Manickam Rengaraju [2013] 4 SLR 91 at [48]–[49]:

48 A court that exercises disciplinary jurisdiction is likely to view
mitigating factors in a qualitatively different light than would a court in
the exercise of its criminal jurisdiction: see Law Society of Singapore v Tham
Yu Xian Rick [1999] 3 SLR(R) 68 at [22]:

Because orders made by a disciplinary tribunal are not primarily punitive,
considerations which would ordinarily weigh in mitigation of punishment have
less effect on the exercise of the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences
imposed in criminal cases: Bolton v Law Society [[1994] 2 All ER 486] at 492.
To state the matter another way, whatever might have been the appropriate
sentence in the criminal proceedings, the objective there was rather different
from that in show cause proceedings, which are civil and not punitive in
nature.

49 The point simply is that even if a mitigating circumstance might be found
that could weaken the case for punishment in a criminal case, this
circumstance may often not avail an Advocate and Solicitor in disciplinary
proceedings because an equally, if not more, important consideration is the
protection of public confidence in the administration of justice. This
interest can legitimately trump the individual offender’s interest in having
his punishment finely calibrated according to his precise degree of
culpability. …

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis in bold added]

34 Where aggravating factors are concerned, however, the position is somewhat
different. This is because a factor that aggravates the errant solicitor’s
personal culpability would generally tend also to aggravate the adverse impact
on the public’s confidence in the administration of justice. In other words,
in cases where aggravating factors are present, all the considerations set out
at [31] above will generally pull in the same direction and the tension that
can arise where personal mitigating factors are involved is less likely to
arise.

35 Ultimately, in determining the appropriate sanction in a disciplinary
proceedings against solicitors, the following observations made in Ravindra
Samuel (at [13]) must be borne in mind:

There is therefore a serious responsibility to the court, a duty to itself, to
the rest of the profession and to the whole of the community, to be careful
not to accredit any person as worthy of public confidence and therefore fit to
practise as an advocate and solicitor who cannot satisfactorily establish his
right to those credentials. In the end therefore, the question to be
determined is whether the solicitor in question is a fit and proper person to
be an advocate and solicitor of the court, and the orders to be made are to be
directed to ensuring that, to the extent that he is not, his practice is
restricted. [emphasis added]

36 But how do these considerations bear on the specific context of a solicitor
whose conduct is influenced in large part by a psychiatric condition? In the
criminal law, the position may be broadly stated as follows:

(a) An offender who is of unsound mind as defined in s 84 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) such that he is found to be
incapable of knowing the nature of the act or of distinguishing between right
and wrong at the time of the offence will not, as a general rule, be convicted
(see Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 306) though in such a
case, he will likely be confined in a psychiatric institution or other
suitable place of safe custody pursuant to s 252 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed).

(b) An offender who does not meet the test of unsoundness of mind as laid down
in the preceding sub-paragraph but who is diagnosed with such a mental
condition as substantially impairs his mental responsibility may qualify for a
limited defence, commonly referred to as the defence of diminished
responsibility, in the specific context of murder – see Exception 7 of s 300
of the Penal Code;

(c) Aside from this, the courts have recognised that where an offender’s
culpability for an offence is shown to be diminished by reason of a diagnosed
mental condition, this may be taken into consideration as a mitigating
consideration in sentencing – see Public Prosecutor v Chong Hou En [2015] 3
SLR 222.

37 We reiterate that sentencing in the criminal context engages considerations
that are somewhat different from those in the context of disciplinary
proceedings concerning solicitors. We will return to this after considering
how the LPA deals with a solicitor that suffers from a mental condition:

(a) Under s 25 of the LPA, a solicitor is to apply and obtain a practising
certificate issued by the Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the Registrar”)
every practice year commencing 1 April. Practising without a practising
certificate would result not only in disciplinary proceedings but also in
criminal charges pursuant to s 33 of the LPA.

(b) Under s 25C of the LPA, if the Attorney-General (“the AG”) or the Council
is satisfied that a solicitor’s fitness to practise appears to have been
impaired by reason of his mental condition, the AG or the Council may apply to
the High Court by way of an originating summons for an order that the
solicitor submit to a medical examination. The High Court will order such an
examination if it is of the opinion that the solicitor’s fitness appears to be
impaired. The medical practitioner who examines the solicitor is required to
submit a report of his determination and the reasons underlying it within 14
days of the date of the examination to the solicitor, the AG and the Council.

(c) If the solicitor’s fitness to practise has been determined under s 25C of
the LPA to be impaired by reason of his mental condition or if the solicitor
has failed to submit to a medical examination notwithstanding an order made by
the High Court under s 25C, the AG or the Council may request the Registrar to
refuse the application for a practising certificate or to attach condition(s)
to the practising certificate when such an application is made: s 25A of the
LPA.

(d) At any time after a practising certificate has been issued, the AG or the
Council may also apply to the High Court under s 27A of the LPA to attach
condition(s) to the practising certificate if the solicitor’s fitness to
practise has been determined under s 25C of the LPA to be impaired by reason
of his mental condition or if the solicitor has failed to submit to a medical
examination notwithstanding an order made by the High Court under s 25C.

(e) The AG or the Council may also apply to the High Court to seek an order
that the solicitor’s current practising certificate be suspended if (i) his
fitness to practise has been determined under s 25C to be impaired by reason
of his mental condition; (ii) he failed to submit to a medical examination
despite the High Court having so ordered; or (iii) the High Court is satisfied
that the solicitor is incapacitated by his mental condition to such an extent
that he is unable to attend to his practice: s 27B(b) of the LPA.

(f) The LPA does not specifically state how the psychiatric condition of a
solicitor should be regarded in the context of disciplinary proceedings and
sanctions.

38 It is evident from the foregoing analysis that:

(a) The mental fitness of a solicitor is a consideration of paramount
interest. It stands to reason that this is so because it is necessary to
protect members of the public whose need for justice is met through the
assistance of their solicitors.

(b) A solicitor who is not mentally fit will therefore not be allowed to
practise.

39 The fact that the LPA says nothing specifically about the significance of
psychiatric conditions in the context of the sanctions to be imposed for
misconduct is neither surprising nor a constraint on the court’s power and
indeed its duty to have regard to the condition in question if, and to the
extent that, it diminishes the personal culpability of the solicitor. It is
not surprising because even in the context of criminal proceedings, the fact
that an offender suffers from a psychiatric condition, which is causally
linked to the commission of the offence, may be considered as a mitigating
factor in sentencing even though it is generally not provided for as such in
the relevant penal statutes. And the court cannot be constrained from having
regard to this as a relevant consideration in disciplinary proceedings because
it is within the inherent sentencing discretion of the court to have regard to
factors that affect or diminish the personal culpability of the errant
solicitor (see, eg, the observation of the court in Re Knight Glenn Jeyasingam
[1994] 3 SLR(R) 366 (“Knight Glenn Jeyasingam”) at [18]).

40 However, this is not the end of the inquiry. We return here to a point we
made at [32]–[33] above, which is that in disciplinary proceedings against
solicitors, personal mitigating circumstances that diminish the culpability of
the solicitor who has misconducted himself will have less weight than would be
the case in criminal proceedings. This is so because in the criminal context,
the search for an appropriate punishment is driven by the usual sentencing
considerations including deterrence and retribution and in that context, the
personal culpability of the offender will often have a direct bearing.

41 Unlike the situation in criminal proceedings however, in disciplinary
proceedings against errant lawyers, the paramount considerations are first,
the protection of the public and second (and this is closely related to the
first), upholding public confidence in the integrity of the legal profession.
We say that the second consideration is closely related to the first because
confidence in the legal profession is integral to the administration of
justice, which impacts on the daily lives of members of the public in many
respects. The concerns of punishing the solicitor and of deterring him are
lower order concerns in the sense that the sanctions imposed by the court
should be driven in the first instance by ensuring that the public, and then
the profession, are adequately protected from the risk of harm; and only after
that, by the concern of calibrating the punitive aspect of the sanction
according to the personal culpability of the solicitor. What this means in
practical terms is that a sanction that disables the solicitor from practising
for a time may be warranted by the need to protect the public and uphold
confidence in the integrity of the profession even if that sanction might seem
excessive if one looked at it purely from the perspective of whether, having
regard to the actual culpability of the offender, the sanction was appropriate
in the circumstances.

42 The point is best illustrated and perhaps best encapsulated in the judgment
of this court in Knight Glenn Jeyasingam. There, in sanctioning a solicitor
who had made a dishonest statement when applying for a car loan but who had
many other personal mitigating circumstances, the court said as follows (at
[18]):

18 More importantly, in our view, in any case where the court is bound to
consider the appropriate order to be made in respect of an advocate and
solicitor convicted of a criminal offence – particularly one involving
dishonesty – the paramount considerations must be the protection of the public
and the preservation of the good name of the profession. Certainly the court
will give its consideration to the mitigating circumstances in each individual
case but it can do so only so far as is consistent with the above two related
objectives. As the Law Society of the United Kingdom noted in its Guide to the
Professional Conduct of Solicitors (1990 Ed) at p 177:

If the need to protect the good name of the profession ultimately causes
hardship to an individual whose misconduct has led to his being struck off, it
has to be accepted as the price of maintaining the reputation of the
profession and the public confidence in it.

[emphasis added]

43 This is also reflected in our previous jurisprudence where we have dealt
specifically with solicitors whose actions were impacted by mental illness. We
refer in this connection to some previous decisions of this court.

44 In Ravindra Samuel, the solicitor in question acted dishonestly in relation
to payments made by clients to the firm at which he was a legal assistant. It
was submitted that he was suffering from psychological problems that caused
him to act erratically and was in need of psychiatric help. The solicitor
accepted in those circumstances that he was not fit to remain on the roll of
advocates and solicitors. In striking him off the roll, the court noted at
[11]–[13] that the sentencing considerations included those we have identified
at [31] above, and placed particular emphasis on the need to protect the
public and to safeguard “confidence in a profession which plays so
indispensable a part in the administration of justice” (at [12]).

45 In Law Society of Singapore v Amdad Hussein Lawrence [2000] 3 SLR(R) 23,
the errant solicitor was disciplined for having shoplifted in a supermarket.
He had earlier been convicted of the offence of theft and was sentenced to two
months’ imprisonment. The solicitor was struck off the roll. In arriving at
its decision, the court noted (at [15]) that the solicitor was suffering from
stress and was under medication at the time of the offence. Specifically, it
noted (at [17]) as follows:

In the criminal proceedings against the respondent, medical reports were
tendered in mitigation, suggesting that the respondent’s higher mental
functioning, judgment and impulse control could have been affected or impaired
by the effects of the medication which were taken prior to the incident.
Nonetheless, it was not disputed that the respondent possessed the specific
intent and retained the ability to distinguish between right and wrong at the
material time. In our view, the weight to be accorded to this mitigating
factor was negligible when the offence involved proven dishonesty.

[emphasis added]

46 As seen from this extract, the court concluded that “negligible” mitigating
weight should be accorded to the solicitor’s mental condition, placing greater
emphasis instead on the fact that the interests of the legal profession and
the protection of the public demand that members of the profession observe the
highest possible standards of conduct.

47 It is thus clear that the need to protect the public and the dignity of the
profession may diminish the mitigating weight that would otherwise have been
accorded to an errant solicitor’s mental condition.

48 When we put this concern to Mr Thuraisingam at the hearing, he submitted
that a distinction should be drawn between a case that involves dishonesty and
one that does not. In our judgment, there is some, albeit limited, force in
this. In one sense, cases involving dishonesty stand apart because if a
solicitor is found to be dishonest, he is presumptively unfit to be accredited
as a member of the profession, which has, as its central calling, an important
role in the administration of justice. Dishonesty attacks the very core of the
trustworthiness and integrity of a solicitor, and in a broader sense, the
integrity of the profession and the legitimacy of the administration of
justice. The observations of the court in Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad
Khalis bin Abdul Ghani [2006] 4 SLR 308 at [5] are pertinent:

The legitimacy of the administration of justice in the eyes of the public
cannot be gainsaid. Respect for the law as viewed through the lenses of the
public is an indispensable element in the fabric of the system of justice.
Indeed, the public constitutes the ultimate body of individuals for whose
benefit the law and the legal system exist. To this end, anything which
undermines public confidence in the competence and/or professionalism of
lawyers must not – indeed, cannot – be permitted. … [T]he focus should be the
precise opposite – to enhance the standing and (more importantly)
accessibility of the legal profession in the eyes of the public.

[emphasis in original]

49 But the underlying concern – which is the need to protect the public and
uphold confidence in the profession – impacts the way in which we approach all
cases and not just cases involving dishonesty. The concern may be acutely and
particularly important in cases involving dishonesty but this does not mean
that it has no relevance in other cases. Hence, while it may be an overbroad
statement to say that personal mitigating circumstances will have only
negligible weight in cases that do not involve dishonesty, it is certainly
correct to say that such mitigating considerations will yield to the higher
order concerns of protecting the public and upholding confidence in the
profession even in such cases: see Knight Glenn Jeyasingam at [42] above.

50 This can be seen from the approach of the court in Selena Chiong. The
solicitor in that case faced two sets of disciplinary proceedings, one in 2005
and the other in 2013. Both sets of proceedings were referred to this court.
In the former set of proceedings, the solicitor had been charged under the LPA
for having failed to prepare or maintain any of the requisite financial
records or documents required under the Legal Profession (Solicitors’
Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed) for the half-year period when she
was the sole proprietor of her firm. The court imposed a year-long suspension,
and required an undertaking from her that she would not commence another sole
proprietorship.

51 The court imposed the suspension even though it was accepted that the
solicitor was suffering from manic-depressive psychosis at the material time
and that her mental condition had a bearing on her misconduct. She had been
receiving intensive electro-convulsive therapy for post-natal depression
following the birth of her first child and had been hospitalised. She had also
been unable to hold down any of her previous jobs with other law firms for any
extended period of time due to her illness and also due to her failure to take
the prescribed medication.

52 While there was no suggestion that the solicitor had been dishonest, she
had nonetheless contravened the rules. The court noted that this had
transpired because she was not mentally well. The court referred to the
psychiatric evidence that her mental condition caused her judgment to be
clouded and caused her to make decisions without proper regard to their
consequences. The court also found that the fact that there had been no
complaints from her previous firms demonstrated that she was an able person
who ought to be able to practise once her medical condition stabilised. It was
satisfied that as long as she took her medication and was adequately
supervised at work, there was no real risk of a professional relapse. In these
circumstances, the court held that a year’s suspension, coupled with an
undertaking from the solicitor that she would not commence another sole
proprietorship, would adequately protect the interests of the public.

53 Two points stand out to us in relation to Selena Chiong:

(a) First, the solicitor was sentenced to a year-long suspension even though
the court accepted that the offences in question were strict liability
offences, did not involve any losses to clients or other third parties, and
had taken place in circumstances where her mental condition had been the main
cause of her lapse. Thus, even though the court gave some weight to her
mitigating circumstances, a suspension was thought necessary in the interests
of the profession and the public.

(b) Second, the court was satisfied from the evidence before it that the
solicitor would be able to practise once her condition had stabilised.

54 In our judgment, the foregoing discussion may be summarised in terms of the
following principles:

(a) Although the court must take into account a range of sentencing
considerations as identified at [31] above, it is evident that in the context
of selecting the appropriate sanction that is to be imposed on an errant
solicitor, the paramount considerations are the protection of the public and
then, the upholding of public confidence in the integrity of the legal
profession.

(b) The interest of general deterrence will also have significant weight in so
far as it advances the two considerations we have outlined in the previous
sub-paragraph.

(c) In certain cases, the interests of specific deterrence and of punishing
the solicitor may well be important considerations in aggravating the gravity
of the offence and hence in calling for a graver sanction to be imposed.
However, these will feature only to a limited degree when advanced in favour
of mitigating the punishment to be visited on a solicitor and even then, only
to the extent that they do not compromise or undermine the paramount
considerations of protecting the public and upholding confidence in the
profession.

(d) In the specific context of personal mitigating circumstances that are
centred on the presence of a mental condition that diminishes the culpability
of the solicitor, this will carry no meaningful weight where the misconduct
consists of dishonesty.

(e) However, in situations that do not involve dishonesty, such circumstances
may carry some weight to the extent that the court is satisfied that any
sanction that is imposed on the errant solicitor is nonetheless adequate to
protect the public and to uphold confidence in the integrity of the
profession.

Application to the present case

55 With these principles in mind, we turn to consider the relevant facts
before us.

56 Mr Thuraisingam submits that the following mitigating factors must be taken
into account:

(a) the Respondent has been cooperative from the start and has not disputed
the charges;

(b) he has shown remorse and had apologised to all the parties involved;

(c) the Respondent has made many significant contributions to the legal
profession, especially in the area of administrative and constitutional law;
and

(d) the Respondent was not mentally well during the material period between 10
and 26 February 2015.

57 The last is clearly the strongest mitigating factor in the Respondent’s
favour and it is this that we focus on. We have before us the evidence of two
psychiatrists on the Respondent’s mental condition at the material time:

(a) The first is Dr Winslow, who has been treating the Respondent since August
2012.

(b) The second is Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), who was engaged by the Law Society
to provide his opinion on Dr Winslow’s report on two issues: (i) whether the
Respondent’s mental disorder could exculpate or mitigate his misconduct at the
material time; and (ii) whether the episode involving the Respondent’s
misconduct could have been prevented had he accepted Dr Winslow’s
recommendation to be admitted to hospital. Dr Tan gave his opinion without
examining the Respondent and without having access to Dr Winslow’s psychiatric
notes on the Respondent.

Although both counsel spent a substantial portion of their submissions arguing
over issues relating to the Respondent’s mental state, the evidence of the two
experts is in fact largely agreed. The essence of it is summarised below.

58 The Respondent suffers from Bipolar I Disorder (Severe) with anxious
distress. He was diagnosed with the disorder about ten years ago in September
2006. Dr Winslow gave evidence that during the period that is material to
these proceedings, the Respondent was experiencing a “hypomanic” episode that
commenced in mid-January and continued until the end of February 2015. He
explained that the severity of the Respondent’s condition was highlighted by
the number and intensity of the symptoms that he was experiencing. These
included (a) abnormally and persistently elevated mood; (b) irritable mood;
(c) increased activity and energy; (d) inflated self-esteem and grandiosity;
(e) decreased need for sleep; (f) being more talkative than usual; (g) having
an increase in “goal-directed” activity; and (h) excessive involvement in
activities that had a high potential for painful consequences. Dr Winslow
stated that those symptoms markedly interfered with the Respondent’s
occupational and social functioning, which was why he gave the Respondent
medical leave during that period.

59 Dr Winslow stated that he began to notice symptoms suggesting that the
Respondent was suffering from a hypomanic episode in mid-January 2015, at
which time the Respondent started exhibiting increasingly bizarre behaviour.
This led him to recommend that the Respondent be hospitalised on 2 February
2015. The Respondent declined to take Dr Winslow’s advice but promised to have
adequate rest and to take his medication. The Respondent also told Dr Winslow
that he had been taking his medication regularly. It is apparent from his
conduct that constituted the four charges that his condition deteriorated
quite rapidly within a short span of a little more than a week thereafter.

60 The opinions of both psychiatrists are that the Respondent’s bipolar
disorder, and in particular his hypomanic episode, was a substantial cause of
his conduct. In their opinion, his psychiatric condition caused his perception
of his actions to be altered and his ability to form rational judgments to be
compromised. In this regard, Dr Winslow said that it was common for the
decision-making ability of individuals suffering from a hypomanic episode to
be impaired on account of increased impulsivity, a lack of consequential
thinking, a sense of urgency to complete tasks, and a lack of inhibition
coupled with diminished insight or even a complete loss of insight into one’s
mental state. It is not the Respondent’s position, however, that his actions
could be exculpated by his mental condition. This was also not the view of the
psychiatrists, and in fact Dr Tan had stated quite clearly when questioned by
the Disciplinary Tribunal that the Respondent’s mental condition did not
exculpate, but only mitigated, his conduct.

61 Although the Law Society accepts that the Respondent was suffering from a
hypomanic episode during the material period, it submits that less mitigating
weight should be accorded to this because of the following two reasons:

(a) First, it submits that the episode could have been prevented entirely or
at least partially, if the Respondent had followed Dr Winslow’s advice and had
himself hospitalised on 2 February 2015.

(b) Second, it submits that the Respondent should take at least some
responsibility for the occurrence of the hypomanic episode, which led to the
acts that constituted the charges, because the inference to be drawn from the
circumstances is that the Respondent had failed to take his medication as
prescribed and instructed.

A common theme underlies both these submissions – that the Respondent ought to
bear responsibility for the deterioration of his condition and thus less
mitigating weight should be accorded notwithstanding the severity of his
condition and the strong causal link that it evidently had with the acts
complained of. In our judgment, the essence of these submissions, if they were
accepted, is directed at showing that even within the overarching narrative of
the Respondent’s mental illness which would go towards diminishing his
personal culpability, there were factors that in fact point to enhancing that
culpability. In other words, these submissions go towards showing that the
Respondent, by the decisions he made or by his acts or omissions, actively
contributed to the aggravation of his condition.

62 With respect, we do not think there is enough evidence before us to reach
such a conclusion. Dr Tan’s candid reply when the Law Society posed the first
of these points to him is instructive. The Law Society had asked Dr Tan for
his opinion on whether the Respondent could have avoided the entire episode if
he had agreed to be hospitalised on Dr Winslow’s advice on 2 February 2015. Dr
Tan’s reply through his letter dated 19 August 2015 was that the “simple
answer” to this is “yes” but that this would be an “incomplete answer” because
it oversimplifies the situation. He went on to explain that by then, the
Respondent’s insight into his mental state had likely already been impaired
because of the acute relapse of hypomania. In keeping with this, we note that
at least the second charge was committed while Respondent was in hospital: see
[11] above.

63 To this extent, we agree with Mr Thuraisingam that it would not be fair to
attribute blame to the Respondent for failing to take steps to prevent his
condition from worsening if he was already in a state of relapse by that
stage. Having said that, we did find it curious and possibly even incongruous
that the Respondent was subsequently willing to take Dr Winslow’s advice to
admit himself shortly after the incident at the premises of the Law Society on
10 February 2015. But we do not think that this affords a sufficient basis for
us to find against the Respondent on this issue.

64 As for the second submission, we are not satisfied that the Law Society has
adduced sufficient evidence for us to find or infer that the Respondent had
not been compliant with his medication regime. The evidence does indicate that
Ms Violet Netto (“Ms Netto”), who had initially undertaken to supervise the
Respondent’s compliance with his medical regime, might not have been
discharging this task as well as she might have hoped (or wished) to. Dr
Winslow indicated in a letter he sent to the Law Society dated 5 February
2015, which was before the acts that constituted the charges took place, that:

… I am actually not too sure about Ms Violet Netto’s ability to supervise or
check on Mr M Ravi’s medications as I am noting periods when she is not in the
house/office or sick; and I do believe that she is fearful of Mr M Ravi’s
outbursts, so may be open to influence. …

65 It also emerges from Dr Winslow’s letter to the Law Society dated 22 July
2015, where he set out his answers to a series of questions posed by the
Attorney-General’s Chambers, that Mr George Lai had taken over the task of
supervising the Respondent’s compliance with his medical regime and in
particular of recording this in the “medicine diary” from January 2015 after
Ms Netto was no longer able or willing to do so.

66 Further, there is also no evidence from Dr Winslow (or Dr Tan) to suggest
that the Respondent had not been taking his medication as required or that the
hypomanic episode was caused by any such failure on the Respondent’s part. In
these circumstances, we do not think that we can find that the Respondent’s
hypomanic episode was brought upon by his failure or refusal to take
medication.

67 However, this only negates the submission that the Respondent is personally
culpable for the deterioration of his condition, which would have otherwise
enhanced his culpability. That is not the end of the matter because, as we
have highlighted at [54] above, it remains necessary for us to consider the
appropriate sanction by reference to the need to protect the public as well as
to uphold confidence in the profession, which are viewed as higher order
considerations than the personal mitigating circumstances of an individual
solicitor.

68 We begin by considering the particular conclusions that we may draw from
the evidence that we have as to the Respondent’s mental condition. The
psychiatrists, including Dr Winslow who has been treating the Respondent over
the past few years, were not able to explain how his condition deteriorated at
such a rapid rate even though he had apparently been taking his medication.
This seems to suggest that his condition is erratic and may not be susceptible
to being controlled effectively by medication.

69 In our judgment, if we are to proceed on the basis that the Respondent was
compliant with his prescribed medication regimen, which we do for the reasons
outlined above, then we are presented with the reality that the Respondent’s
condition deteriorated rapidly and precipitously and in circumstances where no
plausible medical reason has been (or seemingly can be) advanced. This places
our focus sharply on the need to protect the public.

70 In this context, it is useful for us to have regard to the Respondent’s
antecedents to the extent that these may be linked to his mental condition. We
emphasise that this is not to punish the Respondent for those incidents again
but for us to gain an insight into the sort of harm his condition can lead to.
We begin with the acts committed by the Respondent on 22 January and 7
February 2015. As summarised at [20]-[21] above, these acts are the subject of
the other set of disciplinary proceedings in DT 12/2015. The Respondent had
breached a provision in the rules pertaining to Solicitors’ Accounts by
failing to deposit a sum of $29,000 paid by his client into the client account
of his firm and had subsequently also made inappropriate statements directed
at the same client and then uploaded a video clip of this. In our judgment,
these episodes demonstrate that the Respondent’s conduct, when he is suffering
from a relapse or an episode, may go beyond embarrassing the profession and
may directly harm and affect a client.

71 Separately, earlier in 2012 and 2014 respectively, the Respondent faced two
sets of disciplinary proceedings (see The Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o
Madasamy [2012] SGDT 12 and The Law Society of Singapore v Ravi s/o Madasamy
[2014] SGDT 6). The subject of the former set of proceedings was his conduct
during a hearing before Steven Chong J on 18 January 2011, in the course of
which he accused the judge of being racially prejudiced against, and in
contempt of, Hindus during a hearing, and stated that he would “raise the
issue outside the courts” and declined to proceed with the hearing as “it
[would] dishonour [his] religion and disgrace [his] culture”. This was
outrageous conduct on the part of a solicitor directed to a judge of the
Supreme Court in the course of a hearing and it was wholly without basis. The
later set of proceedings in 2014 was brought when he prematurely released
certain court documents and made certain statements to the media in respect of
some cases that he was handling. In both cases, the Respondent cited his
mental condition as a mitigating factor.

72 To summarise the position, we are presented with a situation where the
Respondent:

(a) has a mental condition which has in the past caused and can again in the
future cause him to act in a way that is plainly incompatible with his
position as an advocate and solicitor; and more specifically,

(b) has in the past, because of his mental condition, conducted himself
deplorably in relation to the judiciary, his clients and the profession as a
whole and this has extended to making baseless racially charged allegations.

73 In these circumstances, we consider that anything short of prohibiting the
Respondent for a substantial period of time from applying for a practising
certificate would be inadequate. We accept that this is not a case of
dishonesty, and that the Respondent was suffering from a hypomanic episode at
the material time. We also agree that as and when the Respondent is mentally
fit and capable, he ought to be allowed to practise. However, we must weigh
this against the seriousness of his misconduct and more importantly, the
unpredictability of his mental condition with its potential for rapid
deterioration. This poses a real danger to the public and to confidence in the
integrity of the profession. This drives us to conclude that a period of
prohibition of two years should be imposed, during which the Respondent should
work towards as full a recovery as possible. As we have sought to emphasise,
the interests of protecting the public and upholding confidence in the
profession may outweigh the personal mitigating circumstances of an individual
solicitor and we are satisfied that they do in this case.

74 After the period of prohibition, the Respondent may apply for a practising
certificate to resume practice under s 25 of the LPA. That application may
involve a separate and broader set of considerations from the present case. If
and when that application is made, the Respondent will be required to
demonstrate that he is medically and mentally fit and that he can safely be
allowed to practise without jeopardising the interests of the public or the
profession before the application can be granted. That, however, is for
another day.

An ancillary question: whether the threshold for “cause of sufficient gravity”
differs for s 82A

75 Finally, we turn to address an ancillary question in this case – whether
there is a different threshold for what constitutes “cause of sufficient
gravity” in proceedings involving non-practising solicitors and Legal Service
Officers as opposed to proceedings involving practising solicitors.

76 The same phrase “cause of sufficient gravity” is found in:

(a) Sub-sections 82A(9) and 82A(10) of the LPA, which govern disciplinary
proceedings pertaining to non-practising solicitors and Legal Service
Officers; and

(b) Sub-sections 93 and 94 of the LPA, which govern disciplinary proceedings
pertaining to practising solicitors.

In both types of proceedings, the Disciplinary Tribunal’s task is to determine
if there is cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action. If so, the
matter is then to be referred to this court.

77 In proceedings involving non-practising solicitors and Legal Service
Officers under s 82A of the LPA, the Disciplinary Tribunal only has two
options: either to find that no cause of sufficient gravity exists after which
the Chief Justice will dismiss the complaint; or to find that such cause
exists in which case the matter will be referred to this court for the
appropriate penalties prescribed in s 82A(12) to be imposed if it is satisfied
that due cause has been shown.

78 But in proceedings involving practising solicitors, the Disciplinary
Tribunal has an additional intermediate option available to it. In such
proceedings, pursuant to s 93(1)(b), the Disciplinary Tribunal can determine
that the solicitor should be reprimanded or be ordered to pay a penalty
sufficient and appropriate to the misconduct committed even if it finds that
no cause of sufficient gravity exists. For completeness, it may be noted that
the Council can only order a penalty of up to $20,000. As explained by this
court in Jasmine Gowrimani, this intermediate option enables the Disciplinary
Tribunal to act as a “filter” such that only “the most serious cases” will be
heard by this court (at [24]).

79 The question that we are concerned with here is whether the same threshold
in respect of what constitutes “cause of sufficient gravity” applies in both
types of proceedings. On one argument (which was the position taken by Mr
Thuraisingam in the proceedings below), the fact that the two provisions use
an identical phrase would suggest that they contemplate the same standard.
Yet, it may be argued (as the Law Society had in the proceedings below) that
it cannot be that only the “most serious” cases should be referred to this
court in relation to proceedings involving non-practising solicitors and Legal
Service Officers given the lack of an intermediate step in such proceedings.
This was the situation that the Disciplinary Tribunal faced in the present
case (see [85] of its decision). Faced with the gulf between the two options
that were open to it, the Disciplinary Tribunal (implicitly) concluded that a
different standard should apply in the case of a matter falling within s 82A
so that unlike the position under s 93(1), a case need not be “the most
serious” or most egregious to be referred to this court. The Disciplinary
Tribunal accepted the Law Society’s argument that to hold otherwise would be
absurd since it would mean that despite having pleaded guilty and being found
so, the Respondent would not be subject to any sanction, given the tribunal’s
lack of power to determine that he should be so punished.

80 We agree with the Disciplinary Tribunal’s view on this. While there is a
presumption that the same word or words used within the same piece of
legislation would ordinarily be used in the same sense, this must yield to the
requirements of the context (see Madras Electric Supply Corporation Ld v
Boarland (Inspector of Taxes) [1955] AC 667 at 685). Here, we agree that there
is reason to depart from the presumption. For one thing, it may be noted that
in relation to proceedings under s 82A, there is less need for the
Disciplinary Tribunal to act as a filter given that there are, on the whole,
fewer cases involving non-practising solicitors or Legal Service Officers.
Further, it is implausible that such a non-practising solicitor or Legal
Service Officer, who is guilty of misconduct, can evade a penalty or reprimand
altogether where the conduct is severe though not of the same gravity as the
most serious cases under s 93. We should state, however, that we disagree with
the Disciplinary Tribunal that there would have been no cause of sufficient
gravity if this had been a case involving a practising solicitor. In our view,
and for the same reasons that have led us to our decision to impose a two-year
prohibition on the Respondent, even the higher threshold would have been made
out in this case and the matter should in any event have been referred to us.

Conclusion

81 For these reasons, we order that the Respondent is prohibited from applying
for a practising certificate for a period of two years from the date of this
judgment. We urge the Respondent to continue to seek medical help and to keep
to his medication regimen during this period to work towards as full a
recovery as possible. As we have already observed, it will be open to the
Respondent to apply for a practising certificate to resume practice after the
period of prohibition.

82 The costs of the entire proceedings, starting from the leave stage, are
granted to the Law Society, to be taxed if not agreed.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Sean Francois La’Brooy and Tan Wei Ser Venetia (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for
the applicant;  
Eugene Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

