Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 31

Civil Appeal No 183 of 2015  
(Summons No 41 of 2016)

Between

CLEARLAB SG PTE LTD

… Appellant

And

(1)| MA ZHI  
---|---  
(2)| LI YUEXIN  
  
… Respondents

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Clearlab SG Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Ma Zhi and another

[2016] SGCA 31

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 183 of 2015 (Summons No 41 of 2016)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Judith Prakash J  
19 April 2016

20 May 2016

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The question to be determined in this case was whether an appellant who
commences appeals separately against the substantive merits of the decision of
a High Court judge (“the Judge”) and then against the costs order that is
subsequently made in the same matter requires leave to pursue the latter
appeal which concerns only the question of costs. The answer turned on the
interpretation of s 34(2)(b) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) (the “SCJA”) and in our judgment, it was an unequivocal “yes”. We
were satisfied that leave was required; and as the application for leave to
appeal had been filed before us very late in an attempt to regularise the fact
that the appeal had been brought without leave and as we were satisfied that
there was no justification for the delay, we refused leave to appeal. We
therefore dismissed the appeal. We now give the detailed reasons for our
decision.

Background

2 In 2011, the appellant commenced Suit No 691 of 2011 (“the Suit”) against
nine defendants for breach of confidence, amongst other claims. It was
contended that the defendants had used the appellant’s confidential
information wrongfully to set up a competing business, namely, Aquilus Lens
International Pte Ltd, the fifth defendant in the Suit. On 3 November 2014,
the Judge after a 49-day trial delivered his written judgment (Clearlab SG Pte
Ltd v Ting Chong Chai and others [2015] 1 SLR 163 (“the Judgment”)) allowing
the claims in part, but dismissing the claims against the present respondents,
who were the seventh and eighth defendants in the Suit. The Judge did not make
his costs order on the same occasion, but stated in the Judgment (at [347])
that he would hear counsel on the issue of costs at a later date.

3 One month after the Judgment was delivered, the appellant appealed against
part of the Judgment in Civil Appeal No 195 of 2014 (“the Substantive
Appeal”). Prior to the hearing of the Substantive Appeal in the Court of
Appeal, the Judge heard the parties on their submissions on costs in respect
of the Suit and made various costs orders including an award of costs in
favour of the respondents in the sum of $270,000 plus reasonable
disbursements. The Judge allowed further arguments to be made at a subsequent
hearing on 7 September 2015 in respect of the costs awarded to the
respondents, but declined to alter his original costs order (“the Costs
Order”). The appellant then filed a Notice of Appeal on 22 September 2015
against the whole of the Costs Order which led to the present appeal (“the
Costs Appeal”).

4 After both appeals had been filed, the parties appeared before an Assistant
Registrar of the Court of Appeal (“CA AR”) at a case management conference on
28 October 2015 in the course of which the CA AR referred counsel for the
appellant to s 34 of the SCJA and in particular to the requirement for leave
to appeal. The Supreme Court Registry also sent a letter to both counsel two
days later to ask, amongst other things whether (a) the appellant would be
applying for leave to appeal; and (b) the parties had any objections to the
Substantive Appeal and the Costs Appeal being fixed for hearing together.
Counsel for the respondents replied stating that they objected to the appeals
being heard together. Their reason was that if the appellant was to succeed in
the Substantive Appeal, this would render the Costs Appeal unnecessary since
in that event, costs would be awarded to the appellant and a fresh taxation
hearing would be required in any case.

5 The appellant, in turn, replied to the Supreme Court Registry by way of
letter dated 11 November 2015, stating the following:

We write to clarify that [the Substantive Appeal] … and [the Costs Appeal] …
need not be fixed together for hearing as we agree with the counsel for the
Respondents that it would be more expedient for [the Substantive Appeal] to be
heard prior to [the Costs Appeal]. Accordingly, the present arrangement should
remain.

… the Appellant is of the view that leave to appeal the costs order is not
required because the appellant had already filed an appeal previously which
touches on the merits of the case as between the Appellant and the
Respondents. … Nevertheless, having regard to the views expressed by the
learned Assistant Registrar at the same conference, in order not to
unnecessarily burden the Court of Appeal with this procedural issue at a later
stage, the Appellant intends to shortly make an application for a declaration
that leave to appeal in CA 195/2015 is not necessary and in the alternative,
if leave to appeal is necessary, for leave to appeal out of time.

[emphasis added]

6 In short, the appellant took the affirmative position that it did not wish
the appeals to be consolidated. It also took the position that leave was not
required though it foreshadowed an intention to “shortly” apply for a
declaration to this effect or alternatively for leave. It did not do so until
more than five months later (Summons No 41 of 2016), and just five days before
the date for the hearing of the Costs Appeal. In the meantime, in the light of
the objections raised to the consolidation of the appeals by both parties, the
appeals were fixed for hearing separately. The appellant appeared before the
Court of Appeal on 4 February 2016 solely in respect of the Substantive
Appeal. That appeal was dismissed and the costs of the appeal were fixed in
the sum of $50,000 inclusive of disbursements and awarded to the respondents.

The Costs Appeal and the summons for leave to appeal

7 We heard the Costs Appeal on 19 April 2016. The outcome of the Costs Appeal
turned on the application of s 34(2)(b) of the SCJA which reads:

(2) Except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal, no appeal
shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(b) where the only issue in the appeal relates to costs or fees for hearing
dates; …

8 The appellant submitted that a purposive interpretation of s 34(2)(b) of the
SCJA should be adopted. It contended that this would lead the court to
conclude that no leave was required because the appellant had also lodged an
appeal against the substantive merits of the lower court’s decision, albeit
separately, and that therefore it could not be said in substance that the
“only” issue between the parties was one of costs. Taking the two appeals
cumulatively, the appellant submitted, would demonstrate that there was no
requirement for leave to pursue the Costs Appeal. The appellant seemed to
concede that a literal reading of s 34(2)(b) of the SCJA would result in the
conclusion that leave to appeal is required. The appellant argued, however,
that adopting a literal reading of the provision would result in arbitrariness
because parties appealing a decision on the merits and a costs order
separately would be unjustifiably disadvantaged in comparison to parties who
were appealing a decision that included an order on costs. Lastly, the
appellant relied on Lord Denning MR’s observations in the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in Wheeler v Somerfield and others [1966] 2 QB 94
(“Wheeler”) to buttress its case. In particular, the appellant relied on that
part of Lord Denning’s judgment in which he said (at 106):

... if [the appellant] makes a complaint, not only about the costs but also
about matters, then he can appeal both on those other matters and also on the
costs; and the court has full jurisdiction to deal with them. …

9 In our judgment, Wheeler is not relevant to the present appeal because it
concerned a different situation and the extract from the judgment that was
relied on by the appellant had been taken out of context. The appellant in
Wheeler had brought an action in the lower court claiming damages for libel
against the respondents. He was granted leave to amend his statement of claim
before the commencement of the trial pursuant to which he listed various other
articles. At trial, the judge rejected the amendment made to the statement of
claim and also rejected the appellant’s request for a further amendment to be
made, resulting in a withdrawal from the jury of the evidence relating to both
amendments. However, the appellant was nonetheless successful in the action.
The trial judge awarded damages to the appellant and half his costs of the
action. But this initial costs order was subsequently amended to an order
giving the appellant his general costs of the action save for the costs
attributable to the statement of claim. The judge ordered that the latter
costs be paid by the appellant to the respondents, which as it turned out,
amounted to a sum far in excess of the costs the appellant would receive.

10 The appellant appealed against the trial judge’s order to withdraw the
amendment and the proposed amendment from the jury (which was an issue
concerning the substantive merits of the case), and the costs order to pay the
respondents’ costs relating to the amendment of the statement of claim. The
argument raised by the respondents on appeal (and which Lord Denning was
addressing in his judgment) was that if the appellant failed on the
substantive points, the only thing left would be an appeal as to costs only,
and this would be prohibited without the leave of the trial judge (leave being
required in similar circumstances to s 34(2)(b) of the SCJA).

11 It will immediately be evident that unlike the present case, in Wheeler,
both matters were being pursued within a single appeal and the hearing
concerned both issues. Herein lies the critical distinction from the present
case. Turning to the case before us, it is clear that a literal reading of the
provision would lead to the conclusion that leave to appeal was required in
this case. The putative appeal before us concerned only one issue, and that
was the quantum of costs fixed by the Judge. In such a scenario, on the plain
words of the provision, leave to appeal would be required. This of course, is
a separate question from whether leave should be given.

12 However, we were also satisfied that the purposive interpretation of s
34(2)(b) of the SCJA leads to the same result. In Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd v
Thangavelu [2016] 2 SLR 105 (“Thangavelu”) (at [33]), we held that
Parliament’s intention in making the amendments to the SCJA to regulate or
restrict the right to appeal to the Court of Appeal was to enable the Court’s
efficient working by screening certain categories of appeals. Even though any
judgment or order of the High Court would ordinarily be appealable as of
right, this right is subject to any contrary provisions in the SCJA
(Thangavelu at [25]). In our judgment, to conserve the judicial resources of
our apex court, Parliament has enacted a subject-matter restriction by way of
s 34(2)(b) so that appeals solely on questions of costs or hearing fees can
only be made with leave. In circumstances like the present, where the putative
appeal relates only to the question of costs, and is pursued regardless of the
outcome of the substantive merits of the case, the appeal would in every sense
be a standalone appeal and the quintessential type of case which the Court of
Appeal should not be troubled with unless there is a reason justifying the
grant of leave.

13 In the course of the arguments, we put to Mr Lok Vi Ming, SC, counsel for
the appellant, the hypothetical situation where no order for costs was made by
the court below until after the substantive appeal had been disposed of. In
that setting, it would be clear beyond doubt that any appeal against such a
costs order would have required leave. In the final analysis, that is not at
all different from the present situation. Mr Lok suggested that the
bifurcation of the judge’s decision on the merits and on costs was purely
fortuitous. That might well be so. But it does not change the analysis as long
as one has regard to the real purpose of the rule which is to conserve
judicial resources by not imposing undue burdens on the apex court in our
judicial system. Had the issue of costs been dealt with as a part of the same
appeal dealing with the substantive issues, there would have been little, if
any, concern with the wastage of scarce judicial resources because the court
in dealing with the substantive issues would have already become familiar with
the facts and it would not have required much more for it to then also deal
with any question as to costs. But once the appeals are separated, the whole
matter will have to be got up again. This is the mischief that the leave
requirement seeks to avoid. There is nothing arbitrary in this.

14 As to whether it would have made a difference had the two appeals been
consolidated and the application for leave been filed on time, in our
judgment, this might well have led to a different outcome as a matter of
practical application rather than of principle. We consider that in such a
situation, leave would still have been required simply because the legislation
is structured in such a way that a subject-matter restriction is imposed in
appeals lodged solely on questions of costs; but if an application had been
made for leave to appeal the question of costs on the basis that the appeals
on costs and on the substantive merits would then be consolidated, then as a
practical matter one would expect that leave would likely have been given.
This follows because in substance, there would not have been a real issue of
wasting scarce judicial resources. In essence, this would have been akin to a
situation where the appeal was not one of costs only but extended also to the
substantive merits and the Court of Appeal would have been in a position to
deal with both issues readily without having to expend much in the way of
additional resources. We reiterate that we make these observations not as a
pronouncement of a rule of law but as a matter of common sense because in our
judgment that is how the rules regulating the processes of the court should
generally be approached.

15 Returning to Wheeler, the court in that case would already have been fully
apprised of the facts of the case when it turned to consider the issue of
costs given that it had been called on to review both aspects of the appeal.
There was thus no cause for concern as to the court’s resources and time being
wasted unnecessarily. The observations of Lord Denning do not suggest that
when one fails on an appeal on the substantive merits of a case, one can bring
a separate appeal merely on the issue of costs ordered at a subsequent
hearing, as that situation simply did not arise on the facts of the Wheeler
case. This is also made amply clear in the judgment of Harman LJ at 107:

… It cannot be right to say that the question of jurisdiction to deal with the
costs depends on whether the appellant succeeds on some other issue in the
action. Suppose he appeals on six points and he fails on five of them and
there remains the sixth point, which is an appeal against the order as to
costs. If the points he has taken are genuine points, he can at the end appeal
on the costs issue although his opponent has knocked out his other points one
by one. If, of course, his appeal is as to the costs only, or if the court
should be satisfied that that is all he really intended to appeal about and
has put in the other issues as a kind of “smoke screen,” it may be that the
court will refuse to entertain the real object of the appeal, which is in
truth against the order as to costs only. If there is a genuine appeal of
substance, the fact that it fails does not make it impossible for the court to
go on and deal with the costs …

[emphasis added]

16 The issue that concerned the court in Wheeler was whether the appeal on the
substantive issues raised genuine issues or had merely been put forward as a
sort of “smoke screen” to smuggle into the appeal, issues on costs without
getting leave. If the substantive issues were genuine, it would not be right
to then say that the only issue on appeal was one of “costs” even if the
appellant did not succeed on the substantive issues. That was the only point
in Wheeler and it is a proposition we readily accept; but it has no bearing on
the present appeal.

17 We also note that the appellant in this case did not suffer any undue
hardship or prejudice because there were several options available to it prior
to the hearing, all of which it chose not to pursue. In fact, these
alternative options would have allowed the issue of costs to be dealt with in
a manner that would not have unnecessarily burdened the Court of Appeal or
wasted its time and resources by having to hold a separate hearing.

18 For example, the appellant could have applied for an extension of time to
file the Substantive Appeal until the question of costs was resolved by the
High Court judge, which would have allowed both issues to be ventilated
concurrently in a single appeal. Alternatively, the appellant could have
sought leave to appeal the costs order and then for both appeals to be
consolidated given the overlapping facts. The latter option to apply for leave
and then to have both appeals consolidated was not only open to the appellant,
it was in fact highlighted to the appellant when the Supreme Court Registry
wrote to the parties on 30 October 2015. The appellant, however, declined it.

19 Given that leave to appeal was required, we turned to consider whether
leave should now be granted for the Costs Appeal to proceed. As noted above at
[6], the application for leave to appeal was filed more than five months after
the appellant had indicated to the Supreme Court Registry that it would do so,
and almost seven months after the Notice of Appeal in respect of the present
appeal had been filed. No explanation was given for the undue delay and we
therefore dismissed the application for leave to appeal. We make a further
point: the Appellant should first have applied for leave before the High
Court. Applications for leave to appeal which are brought to the Court of
Appeal in the first instance, and are in substance attempts to regularise
appeals that have been brought without leave will generally not be received
sympathetically by us.

Conclusion

20 We therefore dismissed the appeal and the summons for leave to appeal, and
upheld the Judge’s Costs Order in favour of the respondents in the sum of
$270,000 excluding disbursements. We ordered that costs of the present appeal
and the present summonses be fixed at $20,000 inclusive of disbursements. The
usual consequential orders were to apply.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Lok Vi Ming SC, Joseph Lee and Tang Jiasheng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
appellant;  
Jason Chan, Melvin Pang and Nicholas Ong (Amica Law LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

