Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 189

Magistrate’s Appeal No. 9056 of 2016

Between

Chua Whye Woon  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

oral judgment

[Criminal law] – [Sentencing] – [Appeals] – [Harassment on behalf of
unlicensed moneylender]

* * *

Chua Whye Woon

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 189

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No. 9056 of 2016  
Chan Seng Onn J  
2 September 2016

8 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The appellant, Chua Whye Woon, appeals against the sentence imposed on him
by the District Judge, whose decision can be found in Public Prosecutor v Chua
Whye Woon [2016] SGDC 83. The District Judge sentenced the appellant to 12
months’ imprisonment and 3 strokes of the cane for each of the two proceeded
charges and ordered that the two sentences run consecutively. The total
sentence is therefore 24 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane. The
appellant submits that the overall sentence is manifestly excessive because
the District Judge ought to have ordered concurrent rather than consecutive
sentences.

2 Having considered the District Judge’s grounds of decision and the parties’
submissions, I allow the appeal. I hereby set aside the sentence imposed by
the District Judge, and sentence the appellant to 14 months’ imprisonment with
3 strokes of the cane for each of the two proceeded charges. These two
sentences are to run concurrently. The appellant is thus sentenced to a total
of 14 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane.

3 I will briefly explain my reasons. I have enhanced the individual sentences
on two grounds.

(a) First, the appellant had admitted and consented to five outstanding
offences to be taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. These
five outstanding offences, including the two offences he was convicted of,
involve the same offence of harassment on behalf of an unlicensed moneylender.
The appellant caused property damage by splashing paint on the doors and
writing on the walls with a marker on the premises of a number of victims. It
is well-established that when outstanding offences are taken into
consideration under s 148 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed), the sentence imposed may be higher than that which might otherwise be
ordered: Public Prosecutor v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice [1998] 3 SLR(R) 439 at
[19].

(b) Second, the appellant committed these offences as part of a spree of
similar acts across four days, often committing the offences just hours apart
on the same day. This intensity with which he committed the offences heightens
the appellant’s culpability and shows his total disregard for the law.

4 Finally, I note that the appellant does not fall within the class of
offenders forced into assisting unlicensed moneylenders out of genuinely
desperate financial need, as described in Ong Chee Eng v Public Prosecutor
[2012] 3 SLR 776 (at [18]). He borrowed money for investment capital. Although
this does not serve to enhance his sentence, his circumstances do not attract
the same degree of sympathy accorded to such offenders.

5 However, I find that it is appropriate for the two sentences to run
concurrently rather than consecutively. In making this finding, I have
considered the principles identified by CJ Menon in Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam
v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Mohamed Shouffee”). The totality
principle requires the court to take a “last look” at all the facts and
circumstances and assess whether the overall sentence looks wrong. In my view,
an overall sentence of 24 months’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane would
be crushing and out of proportion to the appellant’s past record and future
prospects (Mohamed Shouffee at [57]). The appellant is only 30 years old and
has no prior convictions. He continued committing harassment offences on
behalf of unlicensed moneylenders because they threatened physical harm to him
and his mother. He was forced into assisting the unlicensed moneylenders
despite having borrowed only $500 from them.

6 In the circumstances, I find that a total sentence of 14 months’
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane will suffice to punish the appellant
and deter him from future offences of this nature. The appeal is therefore
allowed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Tan Chao Yuan (Chen Chaoyuan) (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for the appellant;  
Terence Chua and Zulhafni Zulkeflee (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

