Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 210

Originating Summons No 668 of 2016

In the matter of Section 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

| PACIFIC ANDES RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Applicant(s)

Originating Summons No 812 of 2016

In the matter of Section 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

| PARKMOND GROUP LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Applicant(s)

Originating Summons No 813 of 2016

In the matter of Section 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

| PACIFIC ANDES ENTERPRISES (BVI) LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Applicant(s)

Originating Summons No 814 of 2016

In the matter of Section 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

| PACIFIC ANDES FOOD (HONG KONG) COMPANY LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Applicant(s)

oral judgment

[Companies] — [Foreign Companies]

[Companies] — [Schemes of Arrangement]

[Insolvency Law] — [Cross-border Insolvency]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pacific Andes Resources Development Ltd and other matters

[2016] SGHC 210

High Court —Originating Summons Nos 668 and 812–814 of 2016  
Kannan Ramesh JC  
1 July; 8 August, 15 August, 29 August; 13 and 26 September 2016

27 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Kannan Ramesh JC:

Introduction

1 Pacific Andes Resources Development Ltd (“PARD”), Parkmond Group Limited
(“PGL”), Pacific Andes Enterprises (BVI) Limited (“PAE”) and Pacific Andes
Food (Hong Kong) Limited (“PAF”) (collectively “the Applicants”) each filed
applications under s 210(10) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) by way of Originating Summons Nos 668, 812, 813 and 814 of 2016
respectively (collectively “the Applications”) for moratoria against
proceedings brought or to be brought against them by their creditors in
Singapore and elsewhere. The Applications were allowed, in the case of PARD on
the terms set out in the Order of Court dated 1 July 2016 as varied by the
Order of Court dated 8 August 2016 (“the PARD Orders”), and in the case of
PGL, PAE and PAF (collectively, “the Subsidiaries”) on the terms set out in
the Orders of Court dated 15 August 2016 (“the Obligor Orders”). The
moratorium in each instance was granted until 5 September 2016.

2 The Applicants have each filed applications to extend the moratoria until 13
January 2017. In turn, certain of their creditors, all financial institutions,
have filed applications to set aside the PARD Orders and the Obligor Orders
save that no application has been made as regards PAF. A tabulation of the
applications filed by the Applicants and the creditors is set out in Annex 1
hereto.

3 The applications came before me for hearing on 13 September 2016. After
hearing arguments, I reserved judgment and extended the moratoria under the
PARD Orders and the Obligor Orders on an interim basis until the conclusion of
the hearing on 26 September 2016. On 26 September 2016, I gave brief grounds
and my decision, and indicated that fuller grounds would be made available on
27 September 2016 at 5pm. I will proceed to deliver those grounds today. Full
written grounds of decision shall be furnished if necessary.

The background

4 The Applicants are part of a cluster of companies which describes itself as
the Pacific Andes Group (“the Group”). The companies in the Group are
incorporated in various jurisdictions including the British Virgin Islands
(the “BVI”), Bermuda, Peru, Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, Cyprus and Spain,
just to name a few. Notably, none of the Applicants are incorporated in
Singapore though it is pertinent that PARD is listed on the Singapore
Exchange, and carries out business activity in Singapore. The Subsidiaries on
the other hand do not appear to have any business activity or assets, or at
least assets of any significance, in Singapore. These are matters of
importance for reasons which will become apparent later.

5 At the risk of over simplification, the economic activity of the Group might
be spliced into three broad divisions of which only two appear to be of any
commercial significance: the production of fishmeal and fish oil (“the
Peruvian Business”) and the supply of frozen fish and related products (“the
Frozen Fish Business”). The Frozen Fish Business is controlled and managed by
the Applicants with the Subsidiaries appearing to be the operating units. It
is common ground that as between the two businesses, it is the Peruvian
Business that is far more lucrative and valuable. It is the Group’s most
substantial asset, being described as its “crown jewel”. Various values have
been attributed to the Peruvian Business, ranging from US$1 to US$1.6 billion,
and it seems quite evident that these values are not broadly speaking
inaccurate. In contrast, the Frozen Fish Business, though not insignificant,
pales in comparison in terms of turnover, profit (in the past at least) and
most importantly, value. Given the financial malaise of the Group, the Frozen
Fish Business has in fact ground to a halt, with efforts being made as part of
the restructuring initiative to restart it. Nonetheless, it is evident to me
that the principal discord between the Group and its creditors is over control
of the Peruvian Business. Given its value, this should come as no surprise.

6 As the name would suggest, the economic activity of the Peruvian Business
takes place in Peru through various operating entities there. These entities
in turn are controlled by the China Fishery Group Limited (“CFGL”), a company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands, through indirect equity interest held
through various other entities. PARD’s most valuable asset is its indirect
shareholding in CFGL, held through various entities of which Richtown
Development Ltd (“Richtown”), a company incorporated in the BVI, is the
immediate subsidiary. Richtown has been placed in provisional liquidation in
the BVI on the application of a creditor, Sahara Investment Group Pte Ltd
(“Sahara”). PARD, through its holding in Richtown, also has an indirect
interest in the Subsidiaries. A simplified diagrammatic representation of the
group structure of the Group with the Peruvian Business and the Frozen Fish
Business delineated may be found in Annex 2 hereto.

7 The Subsidiaries owe liabilities to various creditors, in particular, the
financial institutions which have filed applications to set aside the PARD
Orders and the Obligor Orders. These liabilities have been guaranteed by PARD
as the Subsidiaries’ parent. It would appear that none of these debts, both
primary and contingent, are subject to Singapore law. They are, it would seem,
subject to Hong Kong law with the loans being structured in Hong Kong and
disbursed by the branches of the financial institutions situated there.
However, it is pertinent that PARD has also undertaken fund raising in
Singapore, having issued some $200m in Singapore denominated bonds governed by
English law (“the SGD Bonds”). These bonds are traded on the Singapore
Exchange. PARD’s total indebtedness, both contingent and primary, is
approximately US$280 million. The bondholders therefore make up the single
largest creditor polity of PARD.

8 It is clear that the Group in general, and the Peruvian Business and the
Frozen Fish Business specifically, are in financial straits. Various reasons
have been alleged and attributed by the debtor and the creditors as causative
of that situation. Needless to say, the reasons are quite polarised. For
present purposes, these reasons are not germane.

9 In an effort to extricate itself from its financial woes, the Group
initially engaged in discussions with principally its financial institution
creditors. However, for reasons which are again not of relevance to the
applications, the discussions broke down, resulting in increased polarisation
of the debtor-creditor positions. Things appear to have come to a head in late
June 2016 when in an attempt to secure breathing space and formulate a rescue
plan, insolvency proceedings were commenced almost simultaneously in various
jurisdictions. The Peruvian units under the control of CFGL commenced
restructuring proceedings in Peru on 30 June 2016 (“the Peruvian Proceedings”)
simultaneously with CFGL filing Chapter 11 proceedings in the United States
Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York (“the US Proceedings”). In
addition, as noted earlier, Sahara applied for and obtained the appointment of
a provisional liquidator on 30 June 2016 over Richtown.

10 Further, on 1 July 2016, the PARD filed Originating Summons 668 of 2016
seeking a moratorium as regards the Applicants. I heard that application on
the same day on an urgent basis and granted it. When granting the application,
I expressed reservations as to whether I had jurisdiction to make the order as
regards PGL, PAE and PAF in the absence of an application by each of them.
However, given the urgency of the situation, I granted the order on an interim
basis until 12 August 2016 (“the 1 July 2016 Order”) and directed PARD’s
counsel to address me on this issue if an application was made to extend the
moratorium. Thereafter, PARD filed an application to extend the moratorium
which came on for hearing before me on 8 August 2016. After hearing arguments,
I varied the 1 July 2016 Order to exclude the Subsidiaries as I was the view
that I did not have jurisdiction, in an application by PARD, to grant
moratoria under s 210(10) to cover the Subsidiaries where they were not
applicants in their own right. I extended the moratorium as regards PARD only
until 5 September 2016 (“the 8 August 2016 Order”). However, I suspended the
lifting of the moratoria as regards the Subsidiaries until 15 August 2016 to
allow them time to file applications in their own stead, if they so desired.
This they did on 12 August 2016 in Originating Summons Nos 812, 813 and 814 of
2016 respectively. Those applications came before me for hearing on an opposed
ex parte basis on 15 August 2016. The principal arguments made in opposition
were by Bank of America (“BoA”). After hearing arguments, I expressed
reservations on whether the Subsidiaries had locus standi to make an
application under s 210 of the Act. I therefore granted the moratoria in each
instance on an interim basis until 5 September 2016 – the Obligor Orders –
pending an inter partes hearing on whether the orders ought to be sustained.
Malayan Banking Berhad (“Maybank”) subsequently filed applications to set
aside the Obligor Orders save as regards PAF, and the PARD Orders. The
Applicants in turn filed applications to extend the moratoria until 13 January
2017.

11 Maybank’s applications were supported by BoA, Cooperatieve Rabobank, UA,
Hong Kong Branch (“Rabobank”) and Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
(“SCB”) as well a group of bondholders represented by Cavenagh Law LLP.
Broadly speaking, these creditors collectively hold more than 25% of the debt
of the Applicants on an individual basis.

12 On the other hand, two financial institutions namely, Taipei Fubon
Commercial Bank Co Limited and China CITIC Bank International Limited were
supportive of the Applicants’ applications. United Overseas Bank Limited
(“UOB”) and DBS Bank Limited maintained neutrality. In addition, Sahara, and a
group of bondholders which describes itself as the Informal Steering Committee
were supportive of the Applicants’ applications. Collectively, these creditors
make up a substantial portion of the debts owed by the Applicants, though this
proportion is insufficient to cross the statutory threshold for value for a
successful scheme vote under s 210.

13 It appears that no restructuring plan has as yet been proposed in the
Peruvian Proceedings and the US Proceedings. A broad outline of a
restructuring plan has been placed before the Court in the Applications (“the
Plan”). The Plan is, however, somewhat thin on details. This is perhaps
unsurprising given that a successful restructuring of the Group generally and
PARD in particular is very much contingent on the restructuring of the
Peruvian Business. This in turn is dependent on the outcome of the US
Proceedings and the Peruvian Proceedings to a large extent.

The Issues

14 A multitude of issues was canvassed before me. However, they may be
conveniently condensed into three core issues:

(a) Does the Court have powers under s 210(10) of the Act or as a matter of
inherent jurisdiction to restrain the commencement or continuation of
proceedings elsewhere by creditors within and subject to the jurisdiction of
the Court (“the Jurisdiction Issue”).

(b) Do the Applicants have locus standi to make applications under s 210 of
the Act? (“the Locus Standi Issue”).

(c) Aside from locus standi, what are the pre-requisites for an order under s
210(10) of the Act (“the s 210(10) Issue”).

The Jurisdiction Issue

15 This issue arose principally because the moratoria under the PARD Orders
and the Obligors Orders were not limited to the commencement and continuation
of proceedings in Singapore only. The orders provided that the moratoria were
as regards “actions or proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere”. The orders
therefore sought to restrain proceedings from being brought not just in
Singapore but elsewhere by creditors subject to the jurisdiction of the Court.
This raised the question of whether the Court could restrain the commencement
or continuation of proceedings elsewhere by creditors subject to its
jurisdiction. The Applicants argued that the Court had the jurisdiction. They
had two strings to their bow in support of their argument – the Court had
jurisdiction under s 210(10) of the Act, and as a matter of inherent
jurisdiction to make the order. I consider the points in turn.

Section 210(10) of the Act

16 The key question is whether s 210(10) can be construed as conferring extra-
territorial jurisdiction? Having considered the arguments and authorities, the
position seems fairly clear that it cannot be read in such a manner.

17 This seems to be a settled proposition here as noted by the reports of the
Insolvency Law Review Committee (at para 92) and the Committee to Strengthen
Singapore as an International Centre for Debt Restructuring (at para 3.12).
This is also the view in the academic literature. For example, in Woon’s
Corporation Law (LexisNexis, 2016), the following was said (at para 152.1):

Generally, schemes of arrangement are territorial in nature and s 210(10)
would therefore have no application to actions or proceedings in foreign
courts akin to anti-suit injunctions restraining foreign proceedings from
being started or proceeded with.

I endorse this view.

To construe otherwise would be to create dissonance between the moratorium
provisions as regards liquidation and judicial management, which have been
recognised by the Court of Appeal in Beluga Chartering GmbH v Beluga Projects
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 815 (“Beluga Chartering”) (at [90]) as being
territorial. A similar approach has also been taken in the United Kingdom as
regards administration (see, eg, Bloom and others v Harms Offshore AHT
“Taurus” GmbH & Co KG and another [2010] 2 WLR 349 (at [16]) (“Bloom”), which
in turn, drew on cases such as In re Oriental Inland Steam Co, ex parte Scinde
Railway Co (1874) LR 9 Ch App 557 (which was in the context of winding up). I
see no principled basis for concluding that the approach under s 210(10)
should be any different.

18 The Applicants made several arguments in counter. First, that there is
nothing in the text of s 210(10) that constrains the Court to read its powers
as being territorial. They argued that that the term “proceedings” as it
appears in s 210(10) ought to be given its natural meaning and read without
any territorial limitation to include proceedings outside jurisdiction. I do
not find this argument persuasive as it ignores the similarity of language
between s 210(10) and similar statutory provisions for judicial management and
liquidation in the Act. It also ignores the presumption that statutes are
intended to operate territorially in the absence of language that suggests
otherwise. It must be remembered that a scheme of arrangement is territorial
in nature and therefore the protective relief that s 210(10) offers to
facilitate a scheme ought to also be territorial. In the main, it is difficult
to understand what policy imperative would require a departure in the approach
taken for schemes of arrangements as compared to judicial management and
liquidation.

19 Secondly, it was argued that the moratoria, while expressed as restraining
proceedings elsewhere, would only apply to creditors within jurisdiction. It
was pointed out that the PARD Orders and the Obligors Orders had specific
carve outs to exclude creditors who were out of jurisdiction. The argument
appeared to be that the moratoria would only enjoin the creditors who were
within jurisdiction and participating in the Applications from commencing
proceedings outside Singapore. In substance, the argument was that the Court
was in substance exercising in personam jurisdiction and not any extra-
territorial jurisdiction over these creditors. I have difficulty with this
argument. The Court has subject matter jurisdiction by reason of s 210 so long
as the applicant is a “company” within the definition provided in s 210(11).
In exercising subject matter jurisdiction over the scheme, creditors who are
within the jurisdiction or participating in the scheme and whose debts are
legitimately subject to the scheme would be subject to the in personam
jurisdiction of the Court. The Court, having subject matter jurisdiction over
the scheme and in personam jurisdiction over these creditors, is then able to
exercise its powers to restrain such creditors only within the limits of s
210(10). And, for the reasons expressed earlier, s 210(10) does not have the
reach that the Applicants contend for.

20 Further, the Applicants’ suggested approach creates a dichotomy between
creditors who chose to participate in the Applications and those who did not.
The latter may actually do better simply by staying away. Ultimately, the
question of whether a stay of proceedings elsewhere ought to be granted to
facilitate a restructuring under a scheme of arrangement here is a matter for
consideration by the Court where those proceedings are being brought. It will
depend in such a situation on the domestic laws of that jurisdiction, and
principles of comity and modified universalism. It may very well be that
recognition of the proceedings here may have to be sought there or parallel
proceedings opened there, in order to secure the required stay.

21 Third, the Applicant argued that such orders have been made by the High
Court in various earlier matters. However, I note that those were instances
where there did not appear to be any contest either at the stage where the
order was obtained or subsequently. The specific issue of extra-territoriality
of the powers under s 210(10) was not canvassed. I am therefore unable to
attribute much precedential value to those cases.

Common law

22 The second string to the Applicants’ bow is that the Court has inherent
jurisdiction to restrain creditors over whom it has in personam jurisdiction
from unsettling efforts to restructure under s 210 by commencing proceedings
elsewhere. It was argued, drawing an analogy from authorities that recognised
such jurisdiction as regards a creditor’s oppressive, vexatious, or otherwise
unfair or improper conduct in the context of administration or liquidation,
that a similar approach ought to be taken as regards schemes of arrangement. I
am not persuaded.

23 The argument in my view ignores the jurisprudential basis upon which the
Courts have recognised the jurisdiction in liquidation or administration. The
jurisdiction is recognised, notwithstanding the existence of statutory
provisions for moratorium within jurisdiction, to assist the discharge of
statutory obligations of an officer, being a liquidator or an administrator,
appointed by the Court, including the recovery and protection of the assets of
the company. The Court is compelled to assist its officer in the discharge of
his statutory obligations, and therefore exercises its inherent jurisdiction
to restrain creditors: see Bloom at ([22] and [24]). The Court is in effect
seeking to protect the integrity of its insolvency jurisdiction over the
company and its assets with a view to ensuring that the statutory scheme is
complied with: see Societe Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale (SNIA) v Lee
Kui Jak [1987] AC 871 (at 892H). In Stichting Shell Pensioenfonds v Krys and
another [2015] AC 616 (at [24]) (“Stichting”), the Privy Council observed (at
[24]):

… Where a company is being wound up in the jurisdiction of its incorporation,
other interests are engaged. The court acts not in interest of any particular
creditor or member, but in that of the general body of creditors and members.
Moreover, as the Board has recently observed in Singularis Holdings Ltd v
PriceWaterhouseCoopers [2015] 2 WLR 971, para 23, there is a broader public
interest in the ability of a court exercising insolvency jurisdiction in the
place of the company's incorporation to conduct an orderly winding up of its
affairs on a worldwide basis, notwithstanding the territorial limits of its
jurisdiction. In protecting its insolvency jurisdiction, to adopt Lord Goff's
phrase, the court is not standing on its dignity. It intervenes because the
proper distribution of the company's assets depends on its ability to get in
those assets so that comparable claims to them may be dealt with fairly in
accordance with a common set of rules applying equally to all of them. …

[emphasis added]

24 This key element is missing in the scheme of arrangement which is
essentially a debtor-in-possession regime. There is no officer of the Court
appointed nor is there a statutory scheme governing the insolvency. Indeed, a
scheme under s 210 of the Act is not predicated on insolvency unlike judicial
management and most instances of liquidation.

25 I should also add that while there are statements in the authorities to the
effect that such inherent jurisdiction ought to be exercised only when the
conduct of the creditor is oppressive, vexatious, or otherwise unfair or
improper, I am not persuaded that this is a necessary ingredient. If the
raison d’etre of the jurisdiction is to assist its officer and preserve its
insolvency jurisdiction in order to ensure that the statutory scheme is
observed, I do not see why the conduct of the creditor needs to be so tainted
before the jurisdiction is exercised. I find support for my view in the Privy
Council’s judgment in Stichting (see [18] and [23]), where it was stated as
follows:

18 … In Carron Iron Co Proprietors v Maclaren (1855) 5 HL Cas 416, Lord
Cranworth LC (at pp 437-439) identified three categories of case which,
without necessarily being comprehensive or mutually exclusive, have served
generations of judges as tools of analysis. … Third, there are cases which do
not turn on the vexatious character of the foreign litigant’s conduct, nor on
the relative convenience of litigation in two alternative jurisdictions, in
which foreign proceedings are restrained because they are “contrary to equity
and good conscience”. … the court has an equitable jurisdiction to restrain
the acts of persons amenable to the court’s jurisdiction which was calculated
to violate the statutory scheme of distribution.

…

23 … The leading modern case on the jurisdiction to restrain foreign
proceedings is Société Nationale Industrielle Aerospatiale v Lee Kui Jak
[1987] AC 871. … Lord Goff of Chieveley, delivering the advice of the Board,
pointed out that the insolvency cases proceeded on a different principle,
which was based not on protecting litigants against vexation or oppression,
but on the protection of the court's jurisdiction to do equity between
claimants to an insolvent estate. … It is clear from Lord Goff's formulation
that he was making the same distinction as Lord Cranworth made in the Carron
Iron case between cases such as the insolvency cases, in which there is an
equitable jurisdiction to enforce the statutory scheme of distribution
according to its terms, and cases in which the court intervenes on the ground
of vexation or oppression.

[emphasis added]

The Privy Council was of the view that there was an equitable jurisdiction to
restrain interference by persons amenable to the jurisdiction of the Court who
threatened to violate or interfere with the statutory scheme. I find this to
be correct as a matter of principle and suggest that a similar position would
apply in Singapore.

26 For completeness, Maybank argued that the Court should not find that it had
inherent jurisdiction in the case of a scheme of arrangement because that
would make s 210(10) irrelevant or otiose. I do not accept that in and of
itself, the existence of a statutory provision imposing or enabling the grant
of a moratorium is conclusive as to whether the Court ought to exercise
inherent jurisdiction. That such jurisdiction has been recognised in the
context of judicial management and liquidation, notwithstanding the existence
of moratorium provisions that echo the language of s 210(10), undermines the
argument (see, eg, Bloom at [21]–[22]). The issue instead is whether the Court
ought to safeguard its jurisdiction by restraining a creditor over which it
has jurisdiction from interfering with a statutory scheme administered by its
officer in the discharge of statutory obligations. Such a statutory scheme
does not exist in the context of s 210.

27 In the final analysis, I am therefore unable to accept the view that the
Court’s inherent jurisdiction ought generally to be exercised to restrain
proceedings elsewhere where the Court is faced with an application under s
210. To do so would be to interfere with the jurisdiction of another court and
not recognise the principle of comity, assuming the creditor can legitimately
bring such proceedings. There is, however, perhaps a caveat which I shall
discuss briefly.

28 Maybank made the argument, without conceding the point, that such
jurisdiction may perhaps exist where the Court has sanctioned the scheme. I
agree with that submission. In such an instance, the Court is effectively
giving effect to a scheme which has statutorily compromised an applicant’s
debts. However, I would venture to say that the point may go even further.
Where the scheme is presented for sanction following a successful vote at a
scheme meeting, an argument is certainly there for the exercise of equitable
jurisdiction to restrain proceedings elsewhere so as to ensure observance with
the scheme that has been presented for sanction. At that stage, a statutory
compromise has been reached by the creditors, subject to court sanction, using
statutory cram down powers. In such a scenario, I do not see why the Court
should not protect the integrity of the vote so as not to undermine the
application for sanction before it. However, I offer this only as a
preliminary view as I have not heard full arguments on this issue.

Conclusion on the Jurisdiction Issue

29 I accordingly conclude that the Court has no jurisdiction under s 210(10)
and under its inherent jurisdiction, certainly not at this stage, to restrain
creditors subject to its jurisdiction from commencing or continuing
proceedings elsewhere.

The Locus Standi Issue

30 The principal argument by Maybank and the creditors that support its
applications is that Applicants have no locus standi to file applications
under s 210.

31 Section 210 applies to a “company”, the definition of which has been
expanded under s 210(11) to “mean any corporation liable to be wound up under
this Act”. Section 351 stipulates that an “unregistered company” may be liable
to be wound up under the Act and in turn, s 350 defines such a company as
including a “foreign company”. To complete the analysis, s 4 of the Act
defines a “foreign company” as “a company or corporation incorporated outside
Singapore”. As the Applicants are incorporated in the Bermuda (PARD), the BVI
(PGL and PAE) and Hong Kong (PAF), they would be foreign companies for the
purpose of the Act. Notwithstanding this, the Court has jurisdiction under s
210.

Is sufficient nexus a matter of jurisdiction or discretion?

32 Maybank argued that notwithstanding the language of s 210(11) read with ss
350, 351 and 4, the Court has no jurisdiction under s 210 where there does not
exist sufficient nexus between the company and Singapore. Reliance was placed
on the Singapore authorities of Re Griffin Securities Corporation [1999] 1
SLR(R) 219 (“Re Griffin”), Re Projector SA [2009] 2 SLR(R) 151 (“Re
Projector”) and Re TPC Korea Co Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 617 (“Re TPC Korea”). It was
submitted that, insofar as the English position as set out in Re Drax Holdings
Ltd [2004] 1 WLR 1049 (“Re Drax”), Re Rodenstock GmbH [2011] EWHC 1104 (Ch)
(“Re Rodenstock”) and Re Indah Kiat International Finance Company BV [2016]
EWHC 246 (“Indah Kiat”) was  that “sufficient nexus” did not go to
jurisdiction but the exercise of discretion, I should decline to follow that
position on the basis that it was at odds with the Singapore authorities. I
should add that BoA took a very similar stance at the hearings on 15 August
2016 and 13 September 2016. On the other hand, the Applicants submitted that
it was matter of discretion and not jurisdiction.

33 I am unable to agree with the submission of Maybank and BoA in this regard.
A careful review of the Singapore authorities suggests to me that the Courts
there were in substance approaching the issue as a matter of discretion and
not of jurisdiction. In Re Griffin (at [17]), the Court spoke in terms of when
the Courts would “exercise this discretion”. Re Projector, which followed Re
Griffin, cited this very paragraph with approval when it said (at [26]) that
the Court had jurisdiction to wind up a foreign company where it had assets or
there was sufficient nexus with Singapore. The Court, while using the term
“jurisdiction”, seemingly had “discretion” in mind. Similarly, in Re TPC
Korea¸ the Court cited (at [12]) with approval both Re Griffin and Re
Projector, when it articulated the circumstances where the Court would have
“jurisdiction” under s 210. It seems evident that the concepts of jurisdiction
and discretion were conflated simply because the dichotomy between
jurisdiction and discretion was not a point of focus. However, it seems
equally evident that the Courts in fact had in mind discretion.

34 Accordingly, I do not believe that there is discord between the English and
Singapore positions. In any event, if indeed there is a difference, I would
prefer the English position for the reasons articulated in Re Drax. It was
stated in Re Drax (at [24]–[26]) as follows:

24 In most cases the distinction will not matter. The English court will not
wind up a foreign company where it has no legitimate interest to do so, for
that would be to exercise an exorbitant jurisdiction contrary to international
comity, and for that purpose it does not matter whether the preconditions are
couched in terms of the existence of jurisdiction or the exercise of
jurisdiction.

25 But in the present case it may make a difference, because the question is
one of the jurisdiction to approve a scheme of arrangement, and the second and
third conditions may not be relevant because they were formulated in the
context of winding up. If they go to the jurisdiction to order a winding up,
the words “any company liable to be wound up” in section 425(6) may require
those conditions to be fulfilled even in the case of schemes of arrangement.
If they go to the discretion to wind up, then they do not have to be fulfilled
in the case of a scheme of arrangement, although the first condition would
plainly be relevant in any event.

26 The question therefore is whether (as was assumed in the present matter by
the companies) the combined effect of section 425(6) of the 1985 Act and of
section 221(1) of the Insolvency Act 1986, and the cases on the winding up of
foreign companies, is that the three conditions must be satisfied before the
court can exercise its powers under section 425. In my judgment the three
conditions go to the discretion of the court, and not to the existence of its
jurisdiction. If that it is right, then the conditions do not have to be
satisfied for the purposes of section 425, because they do not go to the
question whether a company is “liable” to be wound up under the Insolvency Act
1986. So also it is not necessary for the purposes of section 425 that the
grounds for winding up in section 221(5) exist.

For completeness, I note that this is also the position in Hong Kong: see Re
LDK Solar Co Ltd (In Provisional Liquidation) [2014] HKCU 2855 (“LDK”) (at
[35]).

35 However, Maybank and BoA submitted that there would be no difference in the
outcome regardless of my conclusion on this issue. I agree. Ultimately, if the
Applicants did not have assets within or sufficient nexus to jurisdiction,
there would be no locus standi under s 210.

Is there sufficient nexus?

36 Mr Lee in response to a question from me candidly conceded that his
strongest argument would not be that PARD did not have sufficient nexus to
Singapore. This concession was rightly made. PARD, while incorporated in
Bermuda, is listed and conducts economic activity here. Indeed, it does seem
that it would not be inaccurate to conclude that PARD’s COMI or Centre of Main
Interest is in Singapore. I am therefore of the view that the Court has
jurisdiction to hear an application by PARD under s 210.

37 The position, however, as regards the Subsidiaries is quite different.
Despite posing the question several times, the Applicants were unable to point
me to any assets within jurisdiction or any nexus that these entities might
have with Singapore. Maybank submits and I agree that these entities do not
have any tangible nexus to Singapore; they have failed to produce any evidence
in this regard.

38 The Applicants rely on a variety of factors in support of the argument that
there is in fact nexus.

39 First, the Applicants argue that the Subsidiaries are wholly owned by PARD,
and integral to the Frozen Fish Business which has contributed significantly
to PARD’s revenue. With respect, none of these are relevant factors for the
purpose of nexus. Nexus in this context is that which enables a court to wind
up a foreign company. The fact that the Subsidiaries are wholly owned by PARD
does not afford a basis. Neither does the fact that they are part of PARD’s
business offer any foothold. The Subsidiaries are independent legal entities
and the fact that they intend to present a group restructuring with a
composite, inter-dependent and inter-connected restructuring plan does not
have the effect of or warrant the piercing or lifting of the corporate veil
such that they may be regarded as one composite entity. This, I would venture
to say, is settled law. While it would be possible to file for a scheme of
arrangement that proposes a composite inter-dependent plan involving the
Applicants, all the Applicants in such a situation must establish locus standi
through the existence of assets within or sufficient nexus to jurisdiction. In
addition, even if jurisdiction here is established, given that the Applicants
are incorporated and carry on economic activity elsewhere, it may be necessary
to present the restructuring plan for recognition and endorsement in other
jurisdictions, in particular, the place of their incorporation.

40 Second, the argument is that PARD is a guarantor of the liabilities of the
Subsidiaries, and therefore their largest contingent creditor. Other reasons
were offered in support. For example, that PARD is listed in Singapore, has
issued the SGD bonds on the Singapore Exchange, that PARD has an office in
Singapore and has its annual general meetings in Singapore, that PARD has a
bank account in Singapore, and that PARD has four subsidiaries incorporated in
Singapore which own real properties as assets. While all of these factors
fortify my earlier conclusion that PARD has sufficient nexus to Singapore,
they do not assist the Subsidiaries at all. They show no nexus between
Singapore and the Subsidiaries.

41 Third, much store was placed on the argument that the Applicants have
creditors within jurisdiction. In particular, emphasis was placed on the fact
that the financial institutions which lent to the Subsidiaries through their
Hong Kong branches had branches or were incorporated in Singapore and were
therefore subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the Court. Reliance was
placed on the English decision in Re Magyar Telecom BV [2015] 1 BCLC 418 (Ch)
(“Re Magyar”) and Re Drax. I do not believe that these authorities assist.

42 In Re Magyar, the remarks (at [22]) on the relevance of the presence of
creditors within jurisdiction were made in the context of several other
important considerations:

(a) Whether the debts were governed by English law and subject to
jurisdictional clauses involving the English courts (at [15]);

(b) Whether there were assets within jurisdiction such that a scheme if
sanctioned would have the effect of preventing execution against those assets
(at [22]); and

(c) Whether the company had moved its COMI to England (as the company in the
case had done before the application), such that any insolvency process would
be undertaken under English law in England, providing a solid basis and
background for a scheme under English law which altered contractual rights
governed by a foreign law (at [23]).

43 On the facts of Re Magyar, the move of the COMI to England was clearly a
factor that weighed heavily on the judge’s mind. In Re Drax, the Court found
that there were “many factors” which pointed to the exercise of the
jurisdiction as being legitimate and appropriate (at [31]). The agreements
were subject to English law and English jurisdiction clauses, the collateral
taken for the debts were property and securities in England. Also, the
financial institutions that were subject to the jurisdiction of the Court had
undertaken the lending to the applicant in England. These factors were
considered relevant. For completeness, a similar approach was taken in Re
Rodenstock.

44 It seems evident therefore that the mere presence of creditors within
jurisdiction per se is not necessarily a sufficient factor. If the debt owed
to the creditor has a connection to the jurisdiction, then the presence of
that creditor within jurisdiction may be regarded as a relevant factor in an
overall assessment of sufficient nexus. This is significant in the context of
banks that have undertaken lending through branches in various parts of the
world. As Maybank correctly pointed out, these branches are quite often set up
to comply with regulatory requirements in order for the relevant authority to
exercise supervisory control over their business activities within
jurisdiction. The regulator does not intend to control, through such branches,
the business activities of the banks carried out in other jurisdiction unless
of course that is of relevance to their activities within jurisdiction.

45 Accordingly, while it is correct to say that the banks are subject to the
in personam jurisdiction of the Court by reason of being creditors within
jurisdiction, it would be incorrect to assert that jurisdiction as regards
their business activity elsewhere. That would be to conflate the Court’s in
personam jurisdiction over the bank by reason of the presence of the branch
within jurisdiction with the Court’s subject matter jurisdiction over the
conduct in question, ie, the lending that has taken place elsewhere by another
branch of the bank. This was a point made by Hoffman J (as he then was) in
MacKinnon v Donaldson Lufkin and Jenrette Securities Corporation [1986] 1 Ch
482 (“MacKinnon”), where he observed at (493) as follows:

I think this argument confuses personal jurisdiction, i.e., who can be brought
before the court, with subject matter jurisdiction, i.e., to what extent the
court can claim to regulate the conduct of those persons. It does not follow
from the fact that a person is within the jurisdiction and liable to be served
with process that there is no territorial limit to the matter upon which the
court may properly apply its own rules or the things which it can order such a
person to do. …

The content of the subpoena and order is to require the production by a non-
party of documents outside the jurisdiction concerning business which it has
transacted outside the jurisdiction. In principle and on authority it seems to
me that the court should not, save in exceptional circumstances, impose such a
requirement upon a foreigner, in particular, upon a foreign bank. The
principle is that a state should refrain from demanding obedience to its
sovereign authority by foreigners in respect of their conduct outside the
jurisdiction.

… If every country where a bank happened to carry on business asserted a right
to require that bank to produce documents relating to accounts kept in any
other such country, banks would be in the unhappy position of being forced to
submit to whichever sovereign was able to apply the greatest pressure.

This is a correct statement of principle in my view. To exercise jurisdiction
in such a situation could be regarded as exorbitant. I am therefore not
persuaded that the presence of the creditors within jurisdiction, particularly
the branches of banks, per se provides sufficient nexus.

46 There is however, one caveat. It seems to me that the fact that the debt
that is sought to be compromised is not subject to Singapore law or the
jurisdiction of Singapore courts is not in and of itself a bar to the Court
exercising jurisdiction if the applicant can otherwise show sufficient nexus
to or assets within jurisdiction. This point assumed relevance as BoA, and
notably not Maybank, argued that the Court should not assume jurisdiction over
the Applications because the debts owed to the banks by the Applicants were
subject to Hong Kong law. By reason of this, it was argued that any discharge
of the debts would not be recognised in Hong Kong on the basis of the
principle in Antony Gibbs & Sons v La Société Industrielle et Commerciale des
Métaux (1890) LR 25 QBD 399 (“Gibbs”) which was followed in Hong Kong in Hong
Kong Institute of Education v Aoki [2004] 2 HKLRD 760 (“Aoki”) and LDK. The
principle in Gibbs is that a discharge of a debt is not effective unless it is
in accordance with the law governing the debt. It was also pointed out that
the bonds that PARD issued were subject to English law, presumably in support
of the same point.

47 I am not convinced this is a compelling argument. It should be noted that
the principle in Gibbs has received academic criticism – see Dicey, Morris and
Collins on The Conflict of Laws (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para
31-097, Philip St J Smart’s Cross-Border Insolvency (Butterworths, 2nd Ed,
1998) (at pp 259–60) and Professor Ian Fletcher in Insolvency in Private
International Law (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2005) at para 2.127. Look
Chan Ho, in Cross-Border Insolvency: Principles and Practice (Sweet & Maxwell,
2016), also offers a compelling critique of the principle in Gibbs from the
perspectives of the common law, policy and Model Law. Among other points, Look
Chan Ho questions if the common law refusal to recognise foreign bankruptcy
discharge still makes sense today for several reasons, including (see paras
4-096–4-107):

First, the common law rule hinges on characterising bankruptcy discharge
solely as a contractual matter which is thus logically within the scope of the
governing law. … Upon closer inspection, the contractual characterisation of
bankruptcy discharge is highly suspect. …

The common law chose contract on the premise that the parties only intended
the governing law of the contract to determine its discharge and did not
assent to the use of any other system of law, including the bankruptcy law of
the country in which the defendant was domiciled.

The emphasis on party autonomy in general contractual matters is entirely
understandable … But bankruptcy discharge is not quite a consensual matter.

…

Bankruptcy discharge is about the post-insolvency treatment of the claimants’
pre-insolvency entitlements. This is because the recognition of bankruptcy
discharge fundamentally concerns whether the contractual counter-party may
seek to enforce his debt against the bankrupt’s assets to the detriment of
other creditors. The real contest is between the contractual counter-party and
the bankrupt’s other creditors who were not parties to the contract. …

…

Therefore, as bankruptcy law is not and cannot be a consensual matter, the
fact that the parties to a contract did not choose the bankruptcy law of a
country to discharge contractual obligations is neither here nor there.

Second, … [t]reating bankruptcy discharge as an in rem matter would also be
consistent with the orthodox English classification of bankruptcy proceeding
as an in rem proceeding.

Third, the common law rule that the discharge of an obligation is governed by
its proper law seems to be premised on the contractual parties’ expectation.
But is the notion that people expect their contractual bargain to always trump
bankruptcy law realistic? …

… to say that “[o]rdinarily, looking to the proper law on questions of
discharge would give effect to the expectations of the parties” is simply
incorrect when the Insolvency Regulation is involved, and also unrealistic “in
an age where the rules of private international law are evolving to
accommodate the increasingly transnational nature of commerce” and to
accommodate transnational insolvencies.

…

Fifth, it would be wrong to think that enforcing a foreign bankruptcy
discharge is something radical. For instance, the US courts have always been
willing to give effect to a foreign bankruptcy discharge even where it
compromises rights granted under US statutes. …

…

Sixth, the failure to recognise foreign bankruptcy discharge is tantamount to
refusing to recognise foreign insolvency proceedings. Recognition of
international bankruptcy orders and judgments is particularly needed because
the equitable and orderly distribution of a debtor’s property requires
assembling all claims against the limited assets in a single proceeding and
therefore deference to a foreign court of proper jurisdiction is appropriate
so long as the foreign proceedings are procedurally fair and do not violate
public policy …

…

It is therefore submitted that the English common law refusal to recognise
foreign bankruptcy discharge is now utterly out of date. The right approach
forward is to discard the traditional position and develop proper choice of
law rules that could allow the English court to recognise and enforce a
foreign bankruptcy discharge. …

Elsewhere, Look Chan Ho makes the point that insolvency policy necessarily
overrides contracts because insolvency law is not about a “bilateral bargain”
(at para 6-039) and that the principle in Gibbs is “philosophically
incompatible and practically irreconcilable” with the British Model Law – the
former is predicated on territorialism while the latter is steeped in modified
universalism (at para 4-028).

48 Professor Fletcher offered a reformulation of the principle in Gibbs at
para 2.129 which he argued is a better reflection of the needs of current
global economic paradigm. He expressed the following view:

In the case of a contractual obligation which happens to be governed by
English law, a further rule should be developed whereby, if one of the parties
to the contract is the subject of insolvency proceedings in a jurisdiction
with which he has an established connection based on residence or ties of
business, it should be recognised that the possibility of such proceedings
must enter into the parties’ reasonable expectations in entering their
relationship, and as such may furnish a ground for the discharge to take
effect under the applicable law.

There is much to commend to this view. I note that this passage was quoted
with approval by the Court in Global Distressed Alpha Fund I Limited
Partnership v PT Bakrie Investindo [2011] 1 WLR 2038 (at [14]) (“Bakrie”). It
should also be noted that the Court in Bakrie would have followed Professor
Fletcher’s recommendation but for the fact that it felt bound by Gibbs, it
being a decision of the Court of Appeal. For completeness, I should add that
in Bakrie, the Court also took the view that creditors who participated in the
foreign composition proceedings would be estopped from asserting subsequently
that the composition does not bind on the basis of the principle in Gibbs (at
[31]). A very similar point was made in AWB Geneva SA v North America
Steamships Ltd [2007] EWHC 1167 (Comm). There is merit in this position as
well.

49 While the Court in Bakrie might have felt itself bound by the weight of
precedent, we, on the other hand, are not similarly constrained. Indeed, it
would seem that the applicability of the Gibbs principle has not been
considered by our courts. I am inclined to the view that the reformulation
offered by Professor Fletcher presents a principled basis to approach the
discharge of a debt not under its governing law. I am fortified in my view by
three further points:

(a) The approach in Australia which does not see the principle in Gibbs as an
obstacle to asserting jurisdiction in Australia (see Bulong Nickel Pty Ltd
[2002] WASC 226);

(b) In Aoki, where, while the principle in Gibbs was recognised, reservation
was expressed by the Court; and

(c) The English courts have, notwithstanding the principle in Gibbs,
recognised or will recognise the discharge of a foreign debt under English law
in certain circumstances: see Re Magyar, Sea Assets Limited v Perusahaan
Perseroan (Persero) PT Perusahaan Penerbangan Garuda Indonesia [2001] EWCA Civ
1696 (“Garuda”) and Indah Kiat.

50 The principle in Gibbs may only create an issue of recognition in
jurisdictions that recognise the principle. It should be noted that the
principle does not present a problem in the United States which is a pertinent
jurisdiction insofar as the US Proceedings are relevant to the restructuring
of the debts of PARD. Ultimately, the failure to recognise is an issue for the
debtor and perhaps not the creditor. In this regard, if the Applicants are
comfortable restructuring debts governed by Hong Kong law and English law
under a Singapore scheme, I see no reason why the Court should be slow to
assume jurisdiction provided it had subject matter jurisdiction and there
exists sufficient nexus to exercise that jurisdiction.

51 The reformulation of the principle in Gibbs is an important and timely step
in the global insolvency landscape as it may otherwise prove to be an
impediment to “good forum shopping”. The English courts in Garuda, In the
matter of Codere Finance (UK) Limited [2015] EWHC 3778 (“Re Codere”) and Re
Metinvest BV [2016] EWHC 79 (Ch) have recognised that forum shopping in a bona
fide attempt to restructure and so as to take advantage of a juridical
advantage was permissible. In Re Codere, the Court said (at [17]–[18]) as
follows:

17 … the authorities show that over recent years the English courts have
become comfortable with exercising the scheme jurisdiction in relation to
companies which have not had longstanding connections with this jurisdiction.
Mr. Allison has reviewed the authorities in detail in his skeleton argument,
referring me, for example, to cases dealing with companies which have shifted
their centres of main interest; a relatively recent authority in which there
was a change of governing law; and, by way of perhaps particular analogy to
the present case, a line of authorities including the decision of Mr. Justice
Norris this year in Re A I Scheme Ltd. reported at the convening stage at
[2015] EWHC 1233 (Ch) and, at the sanction stage, at [2015] EWHC 2038 (Ch). In
that case, a company had voluntarily assumed liabilities with a view to the
scheme jurisdiction being exercised. Mr. Justice Norris did not consider that
that fact prevented the English court from sanctioning the proposed scheme.

18 In a sense, of course, what was done in the A I Scheme case, and what is
sought to be achieved in the present case, is forum shopping. Debtors are
seeking to give the English court jurisdiction so that they can take advantage
of the scheme jurisdiction available here and which is not widely available,
if available at all, elsewhere. Plainly forum shopping can be undesirable.
That can potentially be so, for example, where a debtor seeks to move his COMI
with a view to taking advantage of a more favourable bankruptcy regime and so
escaping his debts. In cases such as the present, however, what is being
attempted is to achieve a position where resort can be had to the law of a
particular jurisdiction, not in order to evade debts but rather with a view to
achieving the best possible outcome for creditors. If in those circumstances
it is appropriate to speak of forum shopping at all, it must be on the basis
that there can sometimes be good forum shopping.

52 This appears to be a sound proposition. I am therefore of the view that the
principle in Gibbs does not create an obstacle to the exercise of
jurisdiction. Accordingly, if the Court has subject matter jurisdiction and
there exists assets in or sufficient nexus to jurisdiction that warrants the
exercise of jurisdiction, debts which are not governed by Singapore law may be
legitimately compromised by a scheme proposed under s 210. This would not be a
situation akin to MacKinnon as there is subject matter jurisdiction and a
legitimate basis for exercising it. I am cognisant that this could potentially
cover loans extended or debts incurred offshore or elsewhere, and to the
extent the lenders or creditors are within jurisdiction, the Court could
exercise in personam jurisdiction to restrain them from commencing or
continuing proceedings against the applicant debtor. However, such restraint
would be limited to proceedings within jurisdiction for the reasons noted
earlier in relation to the Jurisdiction Issue. Also, as noted earlier, it may
very well be the case that given that the moratorium is territorial, there may
be a need to seek recognition of the scheme sanctioned here or propose a
parallel scheme in the relevant jurisdiction as was done in Re Codere.
Alternatively, it may be, as suggested in Indah Kiat and Re Codere, that
sanction of the scheme ought to be given subject to a non-waivable condition
precedent that the scheme to be recognised in the relevant jurisdiction.
Appropriate solutions can no doubt be found by creative practitioners.

Conclusion on the Locus Standi Issue

53 I therefore find that save for PARD, the Subsidiaries do not have locus
standi to present applications under 210. As such, the Court ought not to
grant them relief under s 210(10).

The s 210(10) Issue

54 Essentially two sub-issues arise for consideration. They are:

(a) Whether the Plan had sufficient particularity for the purpose of an
application under s 210(10) (“the Particularity Issue”); and

(b) Whether the Court should decline to make an order under s 210(10) where a
corpus of creditors constituting in value and/or number at least equal to the
statutory threshold for a successful scheme vote has indicated that it will
resist any scheme that is presented (“Threshold Issues”).

I consider each issue in turn.

The Particularity Issue

55 I had observed earlier that the Plan was short on details. It should be
noted that the Plan was only placed before the Court on my direction. I had
also observed that the thinness of details is not surprising given that the
restructuring of PARD and perhaps even the Subsidiaries is very much
contingent on a successful restructuring in the Peruvian Proceedings and the
US Proceedings. PARD as one of the holding companies of CFGL would benefit
from the flow through of the restructuring efforts in those proceedings.
However, as no plan has been presented and approved in those proceedings as
yet, a plan with great particularity has not surfaced in the Applications.

56 The Plan may be summarised as follows:

(a) Creditors to exchange their debt on a dollar-for-dollar basis into new
debt instruments issued by PARD.

(b) The principal under the new debt instruments will be payable in full, ie,
no haircut.

(c) The maturity of the new debt instruments is targeted to be five years,
subject to negotiation.

(d) The new debt instruments will be guaranteed by each of PAF, PGL and PAE.

(e) The new debt instruments will be secured against the bank accounts of the
PARD Group and against inter-company loans amongst the PARD Group.

(f) Most of the other terms and conditions of the new debt instruments will,
in form and substance, be substantially similar to those governing creditors’
existing claims.

(g) Creditors may also receive warrants that are convertible into PARD’s
shares.

(h) In terms of feasibility:

(i) The cashflow for the repayment of the new debt instruments is likely to
come from one or more of the following sources, being: partial/entire sale of
the Peruvian Business; declared dividends by CFGL; revenue from the
revitalised Frozen Fish Business; and new equity capital.

(ii) There is the possibility of early repayment for creditors if suitable
refinancing opportunities are identified, in which case PARD may exercise its
call option under the new debt instruments to make early repayment.

(iii) Creditors will have some control over the feasibility of the scheme
through their rights in relation to the operation of PARD Group’s bank
accounts and the approving of its yearly budget.

57 It was argued by many of the creditors led by BoA, Rabobank and SCB that
the Plan was so shorn of detail that it was nothing more than an attempt to
game the system in an effort to procure a moratorium under s 210(10). Heavy
reliance was placed on the decision in Re Conchubar Aromatics Ltd and other
matters [2015] SGHC 322 (“Conchubar”). It was also argued that the Plan was
only filed to satisfy my direction that a plan be presented to the Court.

58 Conchubar has recognised, following the Malaysian decision of Re Kuala
Lumpur Industries Bhd [1990] 2 MLJ 180, that an order under s 210(10) may be
ordered notwithstanding that an application for a scheme meeting to be called
under s 210(1) has not been made. I endorse that view.

59 Where an application is made under s 210(10) only, Conchubar suggests that
two factors are of importance:

(a) Is the application made bona fide and not in an an attempt to game the
system by procuring orders under s 210(10) without any real intention of
putting forward a serious proposal; and

(b) Whether the proposal contained sufficient particularity for the Court to
make a broad assessment that there is a reasonable prospect of the scheme
working and being acceptable to the general run of creditors.

The creditors argued that the lack of particularity in the Plan indicated that
the Applicants were attempting to game the system, and that they did not have
any intention to present a serious restructuring plan. This they say
demonstrated a lack of bona fides.

60 It is correct to say that the lack of particularity could indicate a lack
of bona fides. Equally, seeking a long moratorium under s 210(10) without a
conjoined application under s 210(1) could also suggest that. However, there
is a limit to how far the argument can be taken. To accept the argument in the
present context without qualification is to ignore the fact that the
Applicants and the other entities of the Group have resorted to court-based
restructuring regimes which involve close court scrutiny. It is axiomatic that
Chapter 11 proceedings, such as the US Proceedings, entail close court and
creditor supervision principally because it is a debtor-in-possession regime.
I am informed that Peruvian restructuring laws are modelled on the structure
in Chapter 11, and will therefore assume that debtors operate under similar
strictures.

61 A similar level of scrutiny can and does exist in relation to proceedings
under s 210. It is important to note that there is nothing in the language of
s 210(10) that restricts the court’s power to grant the moratorium subject to
such terms as it deems fit. This is a necessary adjunct of the power under s
210(10) as s 210 is a debtor-in-possession regime. The Court is able to ensure
that the debtor is making a bona fide effort at restructuring by making such
orders as it thinks appropriate to ensure close scrutiny of such effort. These
could include – as a condition to the grant of a moratorium – directing an
application under 210(1) to be filed by a certain date, requiring regular
disclosure of information to the court and creditors, providing regular
updates to the Court on the status of the restructuring plan and of satellite
proceedings in other jurisdictions, and where relevant, the formation of
creditor committees, and the appointment of a court representative (at the
applicant’s cost) to oversee and report to the Court and the creditors on the
restructuring efforts. In addition, case management techniques such as cases
docketed to judges and case managing the proceedings through regular and
frequent case management conferences increase the depth of scrutiny. The
debtor is kept on a fairly tight leash, particularly where there is a s
210(10) application without a s 210(1) application.

62 Section 210 is a malleable tool that allows the Court to exercise close
control over the restructuring process thereby assuaging the concerns of
creditors that the debtor, notwithstanding that it is insolvent, remains in
possession and is managing the restructuring efforts. The Court in my view is
able to build in sufficient safeguards, through control mechanisms, into its
orders. This as well as the case management techniques referred to earlier
enables the Court to strike a balance between the competing interests of the
debtor and its creditors.

63 The creditor’s argument makes the sufficiency of particulars a cornerstone
for the making of the order under s 210(10). They say that is what Conchubar
says or requires. I think the argument misreads Conchubar and does not
consider why particularisation was considered as important in the first place.
The argument also ignores the reason why the Plan is short of details.

64 In my view, particularisation serves two important functions at the stage
of a s210(10) application. First, the insufficiency of particulars could be an
indicium of an absence of bona fides. However, that has to be seen against a
milieu of other relevant considerations. The present case is clearly
illustrative of that. The thinness of details in the Plan is principally down
to it being contingent on the Peruvian Proceedings and the US Proceedings
which concern the most valuable asset – the “crown jewel” – of the Group,
namely the Peruvian Business. There therefore exists a cogent and reasonable
explanation for the paucity of details, which the Court must take into account
in the assessment of bona fides. Conchubar in fact makes the same point (at
[11] and [16]) where is stated as follows:

11 … What was required, following Re GAE Pty Ltd [1962] VR 252 (“Re GAE”), was
that the particulars of the scheme gave more than a general layout, so that
the court would be able to determine if the scheme was feasible, and that the
intention to invoke the section was bona fide.

…

16 In the present case, there was nothing that would indicate that the
proposal was not bona fide. The particularisation has been examined above.
Sufficient particularisation is relevant to the assessment of bona fides, as
it shows that there is serious intent and thought. There was nothing either
that indicated that the proposal was so bad that it would likely be rejected
outright.

[emphasis added]

65 The second function that particularisation serves is to enable the Court,
not the creditors, to make a broad assessment that there is a reasonable
prospect that the scheme will work and be acceptable to the general run of
creditors: see Conchubar (at [12]). As Conchubar correctly noted (at [12]),
the task is not to undertake a close scrutiny of the merits of the proposal or
its viability and likely acceptance by the creditors. Nor should the Court
attempt to place itself in the shoes of different creditors with different
exposures, commercial motivations and appetite for risk. That would be an
impossible task for the Court. Accordingly, the Court, as opposed to the
creditors, has to be satisfied on a broad assessment that there is a plan that
has a reasonable prospect of working and being acceptable to the general run
of creditors. Sufficiency of particulars is an aid in this regard. In
undertaking this assessment, the Court should not carry out a vote count for
the sound reason that the plan is still being discussed, negotiated and
developed between the debtor and its creditors before it is ready to be placed
at a scheme meeting for a vote. Creditor opposition is obviously relevant but
in the face of significant creditor support for the plan, the Court should not
engage in a vote count. Such support could be taken as an indicator that there
is a reasonable prospect of the plan being acceptable to the general run of
creditors: (see Conchubar at [12]).

66 In this regard, I note that in Re Gae Pte Ltd [1962] VR 252, the Court,
when considering the in pari materia provision in Australia, expressed the
following view (at 256):

There must, however, be at least a scheme the general principles of which have
been defined, and which, though it may need completion by the addition of
details such as schedules of creditors and their debts, is nevertheless at a
stage at which the Court would be justified in ordering a meeting of
creditors. …

I am unable to accept this view insofar as it suggests that it the plan at the
stage of a s 210(10) application must have reached a level of maturity that
warrants the Court calling for a scheme meeting at a convening hearing under s
210(1). I do believe that such an approach is not only inconsistent with
Conchubar, but is also not warranted by the language of s 210(10). Once it is
accepted that an application under s 210(10) may be delinked from an
application under s 210(1), in a situation where they are, it is not
inconceivable and perhaps even likely that the plan that is placed before the
Court in a s 210(10) application may differ from that which is placed before
the Court in a convening hearing. It seems more than possible that the terms
and details of the compromise may change by the time the convening hearing
takes place. The plan in a s 210(10) application may very well be nascent as
time may be required to discuss and negotiate a more detailed plan before it
is presented at a convening hearing. As such, I do not see why the plan at the
point of a 210(10) application must have the attributes suggested in Re Gae.

67 The argument was made that the words “any such” in s 210(10) indicates that
the view is Re Gae is correct. While that is a possible reading, I would
prefer to read the words as a reference to the fact that a plan has been
proposed in a s 210(10) application that will be followed by a plan presented
to the Court at the convening hearing. It does not in my view mean that both
plans are the same but for some difference in detail. The words “any such” is
a reference to the fact that a plan that has been proposed in each instance as
opposed to those plans being the same or similar. To construe otherwise would
be to not recognise the fact that the plan will evolve between the
applications under ss 210(10) and 210(1). In my view, what is required is that
the debtor has proposed a plan in a bona fide  application under s 210(10)
with the intention of following through with a convening hearing thereafter
under s 210(1) which may or may not involve a plan on exactly the same terms.
The assessment that the Court makes as to the feasibility and acceptability of
the plan to the general run of creditors at the stage of an application under
s 210(10) is limited to that plan only. Any shortcoming in the particulars of
the plan will have to be explained away by cogent, credible and reasonable
reasons. I hasten to add that my remarks should not be in any way be read as
an invitation to file an application under s 210(10) without a plan – s
210(10) does not allow for that. It should also not be read as a licence to
file plans without adequate particulars. The Court will scrupulously
scrutinise the reasons offered if that were to happen.

68 Ultimately, the key consideration appears to me to be the question of bona
fides – is there a bona fide intention to invoke s 210(10)? In this regard,
the further question is whether there is a sound reason why the Plan is short
of particulars? I am persuaded, at least for now, that having examined the
Plan and the circumstances, there is a bona fide attempt in the circumstances
to propose a compromise or arrangement between the Applicants and their
creditors. It seems clear that the shortness of details in the Plan is readily
explained by the absence of an outcome in the Peruvian Proceedings and the US
Proceedings. I am also satisfied, on a broad assessment, that there is a
reasonable prospect that the Plan is acceptable to the general run of
creditors. In this regard, I have placed some reliance on the significant
support from some creditors for the Applicants’ applications. I am cognisant
that support for these applications does not necessarily mean that there is
also support for the Plan. However, as I have not heard otherwise, I conclude
as I have done.

The Threshold Issue

69 The creditors who seek to set aside the PARD Orders and the Obligors Orders
argue that as they collectively hold more than 25% of the debt owed by the
Applicants, the scheme will never receive the approval of the requisite
majority of creditors at a scheme meeting. As such, it would be futile to
grant or extend a moratorium under s 210(10). The creditors’ argument is
premised on an extension of Re Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd [2006] SGHC 112
(“Re Ng Huat”) to a s 210(10) application. Re Ng Huat held that a court in a
convening hearing should consider whether there is a realistic prospect of
approval of the requisite majority of creditors under the Act, both in terms
of value and numbers. If the prospect is not realistic, a scheme meeting ought
not to be ordered. Re Ng Huat was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal
in The Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and
others v TT International Ltd and another appeal [2012] 2 SLR 213 and this
court in Re Punj Lloyd Pte Ltd and another matter [2015] SGHC 321.

70 It would be apparent from my remarks on the Particularity Issue that I do
not believe that it would be appropriate or indeed correct to apply Re Ng Huat
to a s 210(10) application. It seems self-evident that if the plan that is
before the Court for the purpose of a s 210(10) application is liable to or
capable of evolution and change because it is nascent and subject to
discussion and negotiation, taking a straw poll of creditors at that stage
would not be justified. Conchubar (at [12]) has warned against this,
suggesting that a close scrutiny of the likely acceptance of the plan by
creditors ought to be avoided when the Court makes the broad assessment. It is
a matter of common logic that as the plan evolves, creditors are prone to
change their position based on their commercial motivations. Indeed, I note
that one creditor, UOB, has changed its position from unequivocal opposition
to neutrality. Accordingly, to make an assessment of creditor support at the
stage of a s 210(10) application is premature.

Conclusion on the s 210(10) Issue

71 I therefore find that the Plan satisfies s 210(10). In addition, I am of
the view that the fact that more than 25% of the creditors will presumably
oppose any scheme that the Applicants put on the table is no reason to set
aside the PARD Orders and the Obligors Orders.

Some observations

72 In the final analysis, the approach that I have taken to the construction
of s 210(10) is not only justified as a matter of principle but warranted in
present day circumstances where cross-border restructurings are increasingly
becoming common, given the proliferation of cross-border investments and
trade. Where businesses entities are interconnected and cross-border in
nature, it is only to be expected that restructuring of such business entities
is undertaken on a composite, interconnected and inter-related basis. The
formulation of such a composite plan is a long, involved and complicated
exercise simply by reason of the involvement of multiple jurisdictions with
different restructuring regimes and the interweaving of multifarious business
and creditor interests. The individual plans for the units that collectively
make up the composite plan will therefore take time to formulate and finesse.
The Courts must recognise and not turn a blind eye to this reality.

73 The present case is illustrative of this reality. PARD, having listed and
borrowed in Singapore (in the case of the SGD Bonds) and having operations
here seeks to restructure its debts in Singapore. Its principal asset is its
equity in the Peruvian Business through its indirect holding in CFGL. This
makes PARD’s restructuring plan here heavily contingent on the plan for the
Peruvian Business and the restructuring of CFGL. It therefore seems to me
incorrect to assert that PARD has not satisfied s 210(10) and Conchubar
because it has not offered a fleshed out plan. This ignores the fact that PARD
cannot restructure in isolation as it is effectively a holding company and its
restructuring will depend on the value maximisation of its operating units.
The creditors in extending credit to PARD must have reasonably anticipated
this paradigm. They should not be so willing to argue without reference to
this.

74 I should point out that in the course of arguments, I raised the question
that if the creditors’ argument were accepted on the Particularity Issue, a
company in a situation such as PARD’s would face significant difficulty in
restructuring under s 210. The response which I received, which implicitly
acknowledged the point I made, offered the solution that PARD could apply for
a provisional liquidator in Bermuda as it was incorporated there. I found this
response to be not very satisfactory. First, it is axiomatic that the
provisional liquidator will then take charge of the restructuring as it is
settled law that the appointment of a provisional liquidator effectively
displaces management save for some residuary responsibilities (see Re Union
Accident Insurance Co Ltd [1972] 1 WLR 640 and Walter Woon on Company Law
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2009) at para 17.98). This was acknowledged in
the response. This seems to go against the grain of, and indeed is anathema
to, a debtor-in-possession regime under s 210. Second, the suggestion in the
response only has the potential to work where the company is incorporated
elsewhere. If the company is incorporated here, it will have to resort to an
application for judicial management to secure the benefit of a moratorium
thereby displacing management once again. There would therefore be no scope
for the application of a debtor-in-possession regime under s 210. It seemed to
me that the solution to the problem did not lie in the response I had received
but instead in the interpretation of the statutory language of s 210 that I
have arrived at.

75 I make an additional point. This case is also illustrative of the need for
communication and cooperation between courts and the insolvency administrators
of the respective insolvency proceedings in the formulation of what is
effectively a group restructuring plan. It seems axiomatic that such
communication and cooperation will not only facilitate the formulation of the
plan but also foster better understanding and resolution of issues involving
and between the respective proceedings, and strengthen comity in the process.
I had strongly encouraged the Applicants in the earlier hearings to come
together with the insolvency representatives in the respective proceedings to
formulate protocols for such communication and cooperation, subject to
approval by the relevant courts. The Applicants unfortunately did not take my
suggestion forward citing their battles with the creditors here and elsewhere
as a primary reason. I do not think that this is at all a satisfactory or
persuasive reason. I reiterate my call for such a protocol to be formulated
and implemented, at the very least with the US Proceedings. I hope that at
least this time, my encouragement is pursued with vigour.

76 The importance of having a channel for communication and recognising comity
became readily apparent to me when it was brought to my attention in the
course of argument that one of the main reasons for wanting to restrict the
moratorium to territorial limits was so that a provisional liquidator could be
appointed at PARD’s place of incorporation, Bermuda, on application by certain
creditors. This was with a view to taking control of the US Proceedings and
thereby the Peruvian Proceedings. The intention, it would seem, was to stop
both proceedings in order to effect a sale of the Peruvian Business. This
troubled me.

77 Apart from the small matter of the appointment of a provisional liquidator
being antithetical to a debtor-in-possession restructuring of PARD in
Singapore, it seemed apparent that the intentions of the creditors, or at
least some of them, could very well render the restructuring effort here
nugatory, given the importance of the Peruvian Business to PARD’s efforts in
this regard. This was difficult to accept given that the bondholders of the
SGD bonds only had recourse to PARD, and had subscribed to the bonds on the
basis of, inter alia, the value of PARD’s interest in the Peruvian Business.
It would seem that the creditors who were intent of proceeding in this manner
might not be in the same boat. It may very well be that the composite
restructuring plan approved by the creditors will eventually involve a managed
sale of the Peruvian Business as an important integer of such a plan. However,
that is not the same as a sale by a provisional liquidator as an essential
step in the process of liquidation. It is also not inconceivable that such a
plan will not necessarily involve the sale of all or any part of the Peruvian
Business. Therefore, the steps envisaged by the creditors did cast a potential
pall on the proceedings under s 210 which this Court has exercised subject
matter jurisdiction over, at least insofar as PARD. It would therefore seem
that any application envisaged by the creditor ought to have the benefit of
communication between this court and the relevant court in Bermuda, and
perhaps even the Court having charge of the US Proceedings. I will take this
opportunity to encourage the parties to enter into a protocol that permits
communication between the Courts in Bermuda and Singapore on that issue.

78 In this regard, I draw reference to the judgment of the Supreme Court of
Bermuda in Re Contel Corporation Ltd [2011] SC (Bda) 14 Com (“Contel”) (at
[11]). There, a Bermuda incorporated company applied for recognition of scheme
sanctioned in Singapore. It should be noted that PARD is also Bermuda-
incorporated. The company had brought no parallel scheme in Bermuda. Kawaley J
(as he then was) in the Supreme Court of Bermuda recognised the order of
Quentin Loh J in Singapore sanctioning a scheme. In a judgment which I shall
describe as progressive, Kawaley J, who has since assumed the position of
Chief Justice, applied the principle in Cambridge Gas Transport Corporation v
The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors of Navigator Holdings Plc [2007]
1 AC 508 in granting recognition to Loh J’s order. This case illustrates the
importance of comity and the need to grant recognition where it is appropriate
to do so in the particular circumstances of the case. This is entirely in step
with the views expressed by the Court of Appeal in Beluga Chartering and this
Court in Re Opti-Medix Ltd (in liquidation) and another matter [2016] 4 SLR
312. There could therefore be value in allowing the restructuring efforts of
PARD in Singapore to run their course insofar as they are allied to the
outcome of the efforts in the US Proceedings and Peruvian Proceedings, subject
to adequate supervision by the Court in all three proceedings. To this end
therefore, I would invite parties to bring these grounds and the notes of
arguments in these proceedings to the attention of the Honourable Court in
Bermuda that may hear any application for the appointing of a provisional
liquidator over PARD, and encourage parties to enter into a protocol for
communication between the Courts in Bermuda and Singapore on that issue.

Conclusion

79 In conclusion, I set aside the Obligors Orders, save as regards PAF, and
vary the PARD Orders by limiting the moratorium thereunder to proceedings in
Singapore. As no application has been filed as regards PAF, I am unable to
address the setting aside of the Obligors Orders insofar as they relate to
PAF. However, in the light of my views, I declined to grant the application
for extension of the moratorium as regards PAF. That moratorium expired on 26
September 2016.

80 In addition, I am minded to allow PARD’s application to extend the
moratorium under the PARD Orders, subject to the variation in [80] above, and
would like to hear parties on the period and the terms upon which such
extension ought to be granted, and on costs. I note that in the light of my
conclusion that the PARD Orders do not operate extraterritorially, Maybank has
informed me that it is not pursuing that part of its application in Summons
4008 of 2016 for orders that PARD and its directors undertake to all creditors
that PARD will be subject to Singapore law as regards unfair preference and
transactions at undervalue. For the same reason, BoA has also indicated,
subject to instructions, that it is likely to not pursue that part of its
application in Summons 3857 of 2016 seeking leave to commence winding up
proceedings against PARD, whether here, in Bermuda or elsewhere.

81 Finally, I would like to record my appreciation to counsel for all parties
for their assistance to the Court on the challenging issues that have been
canvassed in this case. Their assistance was articulate, thorough and
invaluable, and was of immense use to me in coming to the conclusions that I
have.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judicial Commissioner

Cavinder Bull, SC, Blossom Hing, Mohan Gopalan, Teri Cheng and ChanWei Meng
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant;  
Thio Shen Yi, SC, Alexander Pang, Evan Ng and Pamela Chan (TSMP Law
Corporation) for Bank of America, N.A.;

Chelva Rajah, SC, Zara Chan and Megan Chia (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for Sahara
Investment Group Pte Ltd;

Andre Maniam, SC, Tan Mei Yen, Yu Kanghao, Vithiya Rajendra and Avinash
Selvarajah (WongPartnership LLP) for Cooperatieve Rabobank U.A., Standard
Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited and DBS Bank Ltd;

Lee Eng Beng, SC, Mark Cheng, Matthew Teo and Zhao Jiawei (Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP) for Malayan Banking Berhad;

Suresh Nair and Nicole Foo (Advocatus Law LLP) for Informal Steering
Committee;

Nish Shetty and Keith Han (Cavenagh Law LLP) for Steering Committee of
Bondholders;

Kwek Fei Joseph, Bondholder, in person; and

Wang Chan Tak, Bondholder, in person.

Annex 1

Date| Application| Filed by| Purpose  
---|---|---|---  
1 July 2016| OS 668/2016| PARD| For moratoria under s 210(1) for PARD, PAE,
PGL and PAF until 31 January 2017  
4 August 2016| OS 668/2016 (SUM 3813)| PARD| To extend the 1 July 2016 Order
till 12 February 2017  
8 August 2016| OS 668/2016 (SUM 3857)| BOA| To, inter alia, limit the 1 July
2016 Order to PARD  
12 August 2016| OS 812/2016| PGL| For moratorium under s 210(10) until 15
February 2017  
12 August 2016| OS 813/2016| PAE| For moratorium under s 210(10) until 15
February 2017  
12 August 2016| OS 814/2016| PAF| For moratorium under s 210(10) until 15
February 2017  
17 August 2016| OS 668/2016 (SUM 4008)| Maybank| To set aside the PARD Orders
and in the event that the PARD Orders are maintained or varied, for an
undertaking that PARD will be subject to Singapore law of unfair preferences
and undervalue transactions  
19 August 2016| OS 813/2016 (SUM 4030)| Maybank| To set aside the 15 August
2016 Order (part of the Obligor Orders) and in the event that the order is
maintained or varied, for an undertaking that PAE will be subject to Singapore
law of unfair preferences and undervalue transactions  
19 August 2016| OS 812/2016 (SUM 4031)| Maybank| To set aside the 15 August
2016 Order (part of the Obligor Orders) and in the event that the order is
maintained or varied, for an undertaking that PGL will be subject to Singapore
law of unfair preferences and undervalue transactions  
6 September 2016| OS 668/2016 (SUM 4325)| PARD| To extend the PARD Orders (ie,
the 1 July 2016 Order as varied by the 8 August 2016 Order) until 13 January
2017  
6 September 2016| OS 812/2016 (SUM 4326)| PGL| To extend the 15 August 2016
Order (part of the Obligor Orders) until 13 January 2017  
6 September 2016| OS 813/2016 (SUM 4327)| PAE| To extend the 15 August 2016
Order (part of the Obligor Orders) until 13 January 2017  
6 September 2016| OS 814/2016 (SUM 4328)| PAF| To extend the 15 August 2016
Order (part of the Obligor Orders) until 13 January 2017  
9 September 2016| OS 668/2016 (SUM 4439)| Steering Committee of Bondholders|
For, inter alia, leave to file an affidavit in the proceedings  
  
Annex 2

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

