Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 148

Suit No 630 of 2012  
(HC/AD No 3 of 2015)

Between

(1)| NEPTUNE CAPITAL GROUP LTD  
---|---  
(2)| CHINA DATA SYSTEM INVESTMENTS PTE LTD  
(3)| INFINITE RESULTS HOLDING CORP  
(4)(5)(6)(7)(8)| POWERLITE VENTURES LTDSKYLINE AGENTS LTDPETER CHEN HING
WOONGE LEIQUAH SU-LING  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| SUNMAX GLOBAL CAPITAL FUND 1 PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| LI HUA  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Injunctions] – [Cross-undertaking in damages]

[Damages] – [Measure of damages]

[Res judicata]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Neptune Capital Group Ltd and others

  
v

  

Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd and another

  

[2016] SGHC 148

  

High Court — Suit No 630 of 2012 (HC/AD No 3 of 2015)  
Judith Prakash J  
3 February 2015; 8 April, 26 May 2016  

28 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 Owing to certain undertakings they had given to the plaintiffs, the
defendants in this action were unable to dispose of certain publicly-listed
shares between 2 August 2012 and 7 October 2013. During that period, the
prices of the shares plunged drastically. Subsequently, the plaintiffs’ claims
were struck out and the defendants obtained judgment against the plaintiffs on
their counterclaims. Among the orders made in favour of the defendants was an
order that there be an inquiry as to the damages sustained by the defendants
under the order of court dated 30 July 2012 and the undertaking given by the
defendants pursuant to the order of court dated 2 August 2012. This judgment
deals with the inquiry as to damages.

The parties

2 The eight plaintiffs in this action comprised five companies and three
individuals bearing various nationalities. During the bulk of the proceedings,
the eighth plaintiff, Ms Quah Su-Ling (“Ms Quah”), directed the proceedings on
behalf of all the plaintiffs. She gave instructions to the plaintiffs’ then
solicitors, M/s Tan Rajah & Cheah. After the plaintiffs’ claims were struck
out, M/s Tan Rajah & Cheah ceased to act for the plaintiffs and Ms Quah
represented herself. Subsequently, late last year, the second plaintiff, China
Data System Investments Pte Ltd (“China Data”), appointed its own counsel to
act for it in relation to the inquiry as to damages.

3 There were two defendants to the action: a Singapore company called Sunmax
Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (“Sunmax”) and, secondly, its managing director,
Mr Li Hua (“Mr Li”) who is also known as Tony Li.

The injunction and undertaking

4 The plaintiffs started this action on 29 July 2012. They immediately applied
for an injunction to restrain Sunmax and Mr Li, whether by themselves or
through their agents, from parting with, selling, charging, transferring or in
any other way disposing of the shares listed in the schedules annexed to the
plaintiffs’ application. The shares listed in Schedule 1 were shares in the
possession or control of Sunmax (“Schedule 1 shares”) whilst the shares listed
in Schedule 2 were in the possession or control of Mr Li (“Schedule 2
shares”).

5 According to the affidavit of Ms Quah in support of the injunction, the
plaintiffs had procured or provided to the defendants various shares in
publicly-listed companies as collateral for advances extended to the first to
fifth plaintiffs by Sunmax. These shares belonged to the sixth to eighth
plaintiffs as well as to other persons who were not parties to the action. The
approximate value of the shares based on their closing prices on 27 July 2012
was $68.4m. According to Ms Quah, in breach of the agreements between the
parties, Mr Li had threatened to forthwith “dump” all the shares held by
Sunmax as collateral. It was the plaintiffs’ position that it had been
previously agreed that the first to fifth plaintiffs had until 31 July 2012 to
make repayment of all the outstanding sums due and therefore any collateral
could not be realised before the end of that day. If the shares were dumped,
there would be irreparable harm to the plaintiffs.

6 After considering the affidavit and the arguments of counsel for the
plaintiffs and upon the plaintiffs giving the usual undertaking as to damages,
I made, inter alia, the following orders:

(a) an order restraining Sunmax from selling or disposing of the Schedule 1
shares until 1 August 2012 or until further order (“Order 1”); and

(b) an order restraining Mr Li from selling or disposing of the Schedule 2
shares until further order (“Order 2”).

7 Orders 1 and 2 were served on the defendants, forthwith. Thereafter,
negotiations took place between the parties. As a result of these
negotiations, counsel for the parties saw me again on 2 August 2012. By
consent, on the basis of an undertaking (the “Voluntary Undertaking”) by the
defendants that they would not part with, sell, charge, transfer or in any
other way dispose of the Schedule 1 shares and the Schedule 2 shares except as
authorised in writing by Ms Quah or her solicitors, Orders 1 and 2 were
discharged.

8 It was as a result of the Voluntary Undertaking that the defendants were
unable to sell the Schedule 1 or Schedule 2 shares except as authorised by Ms
Quah or as permitted by the court.

The course of the proceedings

9 The plaintiffs filed their statement of claim in the action on 25 September
2012 and on 17 October 2012, the defendants responded with their defence and
counterclaim. By their counterclaim, the defendants prayed for, amongst
others, the following orders:

(a) That against the first to fifth plaintiffs, it be declared that Sunmax was
entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with certain shares;

(b) That against the sixth to eighth plaintiffs, it be declared that Mr Li was
entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with certain shares; and

(c) An inquiry be made as to the damages sustained by Sunmax and Mr Li by
reason of the injunction under Orders 1 and 2 and the Voluntary Undertaking
given subsequently.

10 It may be helpful at this stage to mention that amongst the shares
comprised in Schedule 1 were 8 million shares in Liongold Corp Ltd
(“Liongold”) and amongst the shares comprised in Schedule 2 were 6 million
shares in Asiasons Capital Ltd (“Asiasons”) and 5.2 million shares in
Liongold.

Summons 5031

11 Shortly before their defence was filed, the defendants filed an application
(“Summons 5031”) for, among other things, Orders 1 and 2 to be set aside and
for the Voluntary Undertaking to be discharged. The plaintiffs strenuously
resisted this application, leading to a number of affidavits being filed on
both sides.

12 The first hearing of Summons 5031 took place on 16 November 2012 but
arguments could not be completed and the hearing was adjourned. On 1 March
2013, the plaintiffs issued seven cashier’s orders to pay various amounts
outstanding under various agreements entered into between Sunmax and the first
to fifth plaintiffs. The defendants accepted six of these cashier’s orders but
they returned one cashier’s order in the sum of $4,658,498.28, being the
amount which had been tendered by China Data, the second plaintiff, to settle
its indebtedness to Sunmax. Sunmax took the position that there was no longer
any amount due and payable to it by China Data because on 22 December 2011,
Sunmax had exercised its rights under an Escrow Agreement dated 29 October
2010 (“the Escrow Agreement”), and had appropriated 8 million Liongold shares,
the subject of the Escrow Agreement, in settlement of the debt owed by China
Data. It should be noted here that the legal owner of the 8 million Liongold
shares was not China Data, but a BVI company named Whitefield Management Ltd
(“Whitefield”) and this company was accordingly a party to the Escrow
Agreement.

13 On the same day, the plaintiffs applied for a mandatory injunction to
compel Sunmax to return the Schedule 1 shares to them since the indebtedness
had been discharged. On 11 March 2013, I ordered the return of the Schedule 1
shares to the plaintiffs save for the 8 million Liongold shares since the
ownership of the latter shares was disputed.

14 In May 2013, during the hearing of an application by the plaintiffs against
Mr Li, Mr Li’s counsel proposed that the 8 million Liongold shares and the
Schedule 2 shares be sold on the basis that the proceeds would be paid into an
interest-bearing account pending the disposal of Summons 5031. The plaintiffs,
however, did not accept this proposal (“the First Sale Proposal”).

15 Summons 5031 was heard again on 22 July 2013 and 6 August 2013. The matter
was then adjourned for decision. Initially, the date of decision was fixed as
10 September 2013 but subsequently the date for decision was changed to 14
October 2013.

16 In the meantime, the defendants proposed to the plaintiffs on 10 September
2013 that Mr Li be allowed to sell his 6 million Asiasons shares. The
plaintiffs’ response was to ask why this request was being made. Counsel for
the defendants replied that there had been a change of circumstances in the
share market, in particular, the price of the Asiasons shares had spiked and,
in order to mitigate the risks of a falling market, Mr Li proposed to sell the
shares and pay the proceeds into court. The plaintiffs did not respond to this
proposal (“the Second Sale Proposal”). On 18 September 2013, Mr Li filed a
summons asking for liberty to sell the Asiasons shares. Although an urgent
date was requested, the application could only be heard on 7 October 2013 and,
unfortunately, on Friday, 4 October 2013 the price of the Asiasons shares fell
drastically from its earlier level of $2.70 per share. On Monday, 7 October
2013, the Asiasons share price was $0.10 per share. The Liongold share price
crashed as well: from $1.50 per share to $0.16 per share.

17 On 7 October 2013, I granted Mr Li permission to sell his Asiasons shares
on the basis that the proceeds from the sale thereof were to be paid into
court pending the outcome of Summons 5031. On 14 October 2013, I granted the
defendants’ application in Summons 5031 and discharged Orders 1 and 2 and the
Voluntary Undertaking.

The entry of judgment in favour of the defendants

18 While the parties were making submissions in relation to Summons 5031, the
main action was proceeding in the normal way. At a pre-trial conference held
on 15 August 2013, the parties were given directions to file and exchange
their respective affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”) by 18 November
2013. Further, trial dates from 7 to 30 January 2013 were allocated for the
hearing of the action.

19 The plaintiffs failed to exchange AEICs on 18 November 2013. Instead, they
applied for an extension of time to file and exchange their AEICs and for the
trial dates in January 2014 to be vacated. As a consequence the January dates
were vacated and hearing dates from 18 February 2014 to 7 March 2014 were
given instead. On 11 February 2014, the plaintiffs filed another application
for vacation of trial dates. I heard this application the next day and vacated
the trial dates but fixed new trial dates between 8 and 25 July 2014. I also
ordered that there should be no further vacation of dates and gave deadlines
for the fulfilment of various procedural requirements relating to the trial.
The AEICs were to be filed or exchanged by 2 May 2014. The plaintiffs,
however, did not meet this deadline.

20 A further pre-trial conference was held on 5 June 2014. The senior
assistant registrar (“SAR”) ordered that the plaintiffs were to set down the
action for trial by 4 pm on 12 June 2014, failing which the plaintiffs’ claims
were to be struck out and the defendants were to be at liberty to enter
judgment against the plaintiffs on the terms prayed for in the defendants’
counterclaim.

21 On 13 June 2014, as the plaintiffs had failed to set down the action for
trial by the deadline fixed on 5 June 2014, judgment was entered against the
plaintiffs by the defendants. Among the orders made by the judgment were the
following:

(a) The plaintiffs’ statement of claim filed on 25 September 2012 and the
actions therein were struck out;

(b) As against the first to fifth plaintiffs, it was declared that Sunmax was
entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with the following shares:

(i) 39.2 million Asiasons shares;

(ii) 8 million Liongold shares;

(iii) 200 million Inno-Pac shares; and

(iv) 5 million Liongold shares.

(c) As against the sixth to eighth plaintiffs, it was declared that Mr Li was
entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with the following shares:

(i) 5.2 million Liongold shares;

(ii) 6 million Asiasons shares; and

(iii) 9,357,142 ITE Electric shares.

(d) An inquiry be made as to the damages sustained by the defendants by reason
of the injunction under the order of court dated 30 July 2012 and the
undertaking given by the defendants pursuant to the order of court dated 2
August 2012.

The inquiry into damages

22 Consistently with the rather unusual course taken by the main proceedings,
the inquiry into damages was prolonged by unexpected developments.

23 On 8 October 2014, the SAR ordered the parties to file and exchange their
AEICs for the inquiry into damages on 14 November 2014 and fixed the hearing
of the inquiry on 3 February 2015. No AEICs were exchanged on 14 November
2014, however, as the plaintiffs were not ready and the defendants were not
prepared at that stage to make a unilateral filing. Finally, in late January
2015, Mr Li filed his AEIC on behalf of Sunmax and himself.

24 At the hearing of the inquiry on 3 February 2015, Ms Quah appeared in
person. Neither she nor any other plaintiff had filed any affidavit. Mr Li
took the stand and Ms Quah cross-examined him on his affidavit. Thereafter, Ms
Quah and the defendants filed and exchanged written submissions and
subsequently I asked the parties to address me on some additional legal
points. This process was completed on 24 April 2015 and judgment was reserved.
In the meantime, Ms Quah was adjudged bankrupt and the defendants applied for,
and obtained, leave of court to continue with the assessment of damages
proceedings against her notwithstanding the bankruptcy.

25 On 20 July 2015, the court was informed that China Data had just appointed
M/s Straits Law Practice LLC (“Straits Law”) to act as its solicitors in
connection with the action. Straits Law asked for permission to file
submissions on behalf of China Data within the next four weeks. This request
was acceded to but in mid-August 2015 Straits Law informed the court that
China Data was going to apply to set aside the judgment against it and asked
for the deadline for filing the submissions regarding damages to be suspended.
This request was also granted.

26 China Data did file an application to have the judgment against it set
aside. I heard this application and dismissed it on 12 February 2016.
Consequently, the assessment of damages could proceed. Written and oral
submissions were given. The oral hearing took place on 26 May 2016. The only
plaintiff who participated in these additional submissions was China Data. Ms
Quah took no further part in the assessment proceedings.

The defendants’ claims

27 Sunmax assesses the damages payable to it in respect of the 8 million
Liongold shares as being $9,032,000 whilst Mr Li assesses the damages payable
to him in respect of the 5.2 million Liongold shares as being $5,870,800. In
respect of the 6 million Asiasons shares, Mr Li assesses the damages payable
to him as being $6,330,000.

Summary of the parties’ positions

28 I will summarise the plaintiffs’ respective submissions in turn.

29 Ms Quah put forward the following points:

(a) The restraint on the sale of the Schedules 1 and 2 shares was obtained
with the mutual consent of both the defendants as recorded in the Voluntary
Undertaking.

(b) On 1 March 2013, the plaintiffs forwarded to the defendants seven
cashier’s orders for a total amount of $24,921,503.39 in full payment of the
amounts outstanding to the defendants. However, on 5 March 2013, Sunmax on its
own volition returned $4,658.428.28 to China Data on the basis that the 8
million Liongold shares belonged to it. Thus, Sunmax’s loss in respect of the
8 million shares was caused by their own refusal to accept the amount tendered
by the plaintiffs. At that time, the value of the shares was about $9,080,000
based on the closing price of $1.139 per share on 11 March 2013.

(c) As regards the Schedule 2 shares, the original agreement was for Mr Li to
hold on to the share certificates and not to deal with the shares. However, in
breach of this agreement, Mr Li had transferred the shares to himself and his
wife. Since Mr Li was not entitled to deal with the shares in any event, the
damages claimed are not applicable.

(d) The value of a share at any one time is entirely speculative and if the
defendants had placed all the shares or a sizable proportion of them in the
market for sale at any one time, such action might have had a detrimental
effect on the share value in price of the shares in the open market. The
defendants should not be permitted to draw a line on a chart and point to one
figure as the purported price of all the shares as each tranche of shares sold
would invariably affect the price of the next tranche sought to be sold.

30 China Data’s submissions encompassed some of the points raised by Ms Quah
but also asked the court to consider the way in which the 8 million Liongold
shares had been acquired in the first place and find that Sunmax was in the
position of an equitable mortgagee and had dealt with the shares in breach of
the duties imposed on such mortgagee. I summarise their arguments as follows:

(a) The defendants are not entitled to damages in respect of the 8 million
Liongold shares because they were not entitled to have taken those shares on
26 January 2012.

(b) The documents entered into resulted in the creation of an equitable
mortgage and the defendants were therefore subject to a prohibition against
self-dealing which they breached when they took the shares. Further, they were
never entitled to take the shares because the requisite event of default to
trigger their powers as mortgagees had not arisen.

(c) Loss cannot be attributed to China Data since the Voluntary Undertaking
was entered into upon the defendants’ own initiative and this was an
intervening event which broke the chain of causation.

(d) Loss cannot be attributed to China Data as it was caused by the
defendants’ breach of a compromise agreement reached between the parties on 24
July 2012.

(e) Loss cannot be attributed to China Data since the defendants have not
shown that they would have sold the Liongold shares at the relevant share
price but for the injunction order.

(f) Alternatively, the defendants failed to mitigate their losses by refusing
China Data’s offer to redeem the share by repaying the debt.

31 The defendants take the position that many of the plaintiffs’ arguments
cannot be proffered by them because the entry of the judgment has decided
these issues and therefore the doctrine of res judicata applies. The
defendants say that they are entitled to damages because they suffered losses
due to the injunction order and their undertaking. Causation is clear.
Further, there was no failure by the defendants to mitigate their losses.

Analysis

What is the position when no express cross-undertaking in damages has been
provided by the plaintiffs?

32 The facts of this case were somewhat unusual in that although the
plaintiffs had, when applying for injunctive relief on 30 July 2012, given a
cross-undertaking to indemnify the defendants in damages should it turn out
that the injunction was wrongly granted, this cross-undertaking applied only
to Orders 1 and 2 which I granted that day. When these orders were discharged
on 2 August 2012 in the light of the defendants’ Voluntary Undertaking, no
further cross-undertaking in damages was expressly provided by the plaintiffs.
Ms Quah’s submissions alluded to this point when she contended that no damages
should be awarded because the defendants had mutually consented to provide the
voluntary undertakings but she did not make any legal arguments. Thus, I asked
for further submissions on the following questions:

(a) Can a person recover losses incurred by his compliance with an
interlocutory injunction or a voluntary undertaking in the absence of a cross-
undertaking in damages?

(b) Can a cross-undertaking in damages be implied where none was given in
respect of an interlocutory injunction or voluntary undertaking?

(c) Given that Orders 1 and 2 were discharged on 2 August 2012, does the scope
of the cross-undertaking in damages given on 30 July 2012 encompass losses
accruing from the Voluntary Undertaking given to the court on 2 August 2012?

(d) If so, does the fact that Order 1 had lapsed prior to the Voluntary
Undertaking have any bearing on whether a cross-undertaking in damages should
be implied in respect of the Schedule 1 shares?

33 The defendants duly filed submissions on this point. Although no
submissions were received from Ms Quah, after China Data appointed solicitors,
they filed submissions on the point on China Data’s behalf. The initial
position taken by China Data was that in Singapore a cross-undertaking in
damages could not be implied and therefore since no express cross-undertaking
had been given by it, the court had no power to order it to pay damages to the
defendants. However, after I dismissed China Data’s application to set aside
the judgment, counsel for China Data correctly recognised that because of the
wording of the judgment which expressly stated that an inquiry be held as to
the damages sustained by the defendants, it would be difficult to argue that
there was no undertaking as to damages given by the plaintiffs. He therefore
dropped the point.

34 Accordingly, definitive answers to the questions posed by me need not be
given in this judgment. It may, however, be useful to set out, briefly, the
legal position that the questions relate to and my views.

35 In relation to the first question, parties are agreed that the established
position is that in the absence of a cross-undertaking in damages (be it
expressed or implied) a defendant who is ultimately victorious at the final
hearing has no recourse to recover losses he may have incurred from complying
with an interlocutory injunction or a voluntary undertaking. All parties here
accept that this is the legal position in Singapore. Where the parties differ
is on the second question, which is whether a cross-undertaking in damages
must always be express or whether it will be implied whenever an interlocutory
injunction or voluntary undertaking is given.

36 The defendants say that the Singapore position is the same as the English
which is that a cross-undertaking in damages will be implied whenever an
interlocutory injunction or voluntary injunction undertaking is given unless
the contrary is expressed. The position that China Data originally took was
that Singapore had not hitherto adopted the same course as the English and it
should not. Instead, it proposed that we follow the Australian stand which is
that a cross-undertaking in damages must always be express and cannot be
implied.

37 The basis of the defendants’ submission that Singapore law is no different
from English law on this issue is that Singapore Civil Procedure 2015, Vol I
(GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell) at para 29/1/43, states the position
under Singapore law as follows:

Where the defendant gives an undertaking which avoids the need for the court
to grant an injunction, an undertaking in damages by the plaintiff (sometimes
call a “cross-undertaking”) is to be implied unless the contrary is agreed and
expressed at the time (Practice Note [1904] W.N.203; Oberrheinische
Metallwerke GmbH v Cocks [1906] W.N.127; W v. H (Family Division: Without
Notice Orders) [2001] 1 All E.R. 300 at 319, HC (Eng) …

38 As stated in the cited paragraph, English law on this matter evolved from
the issue by the Chancery Division of the High Court of England of a Practice
Note in 1904. This Practice Note recorded that the judges of the Chancery
Division had resolved that whenever an undertaking to the court was given in
lieu of an interlocutory injunction, there should be inserted in the order a
cross-undertaking in damages by the applicant unless the contrary was agreed
and expressed at the time. The Practice Note reflected a longstanding practice
in the Chancery Division prior to 1904 as was noted by Munby J in the 2001
case also cited in the above extract. The current practice in the Chancery
Division is reflected in para 5.28 of the Chancery Guide which reads:

Often the party against whom an injunction is sought gives to the court an
undertaking which avoids the need for the court to grant the injunction. In
these cases, there is an implied undertaking in damages by the party applying
for the injunction in favour of the other …

39 The English position seems also to have been adopted in Hong Kong (see Lam
Ping Wan, Sun Growth Securities Ltd v Ip Lam On [2000] HKCU 530).

40 China Data submitted that it had not been firmly established that the
English position had been carried out in practice in Singapore. It cited a
local author, Daniel Koh, who stated in his text Law and Practice of
Injunctions in Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2004) that if a defendant chooses
to give a voluntary undertaking to a court to desist from committing the
alleged wrongful act pending the trial, the plaintiff does not automatically
furnish any cross-undertaking as to damages (at p 19). However, no authority
whether by way of practice direction or case was cited for this assertion.

41 China Data also drew my attention to Australian cases, to wit, Gustin v
Taajamba Pty Ltd [1994] NSWCA 117 and Evans & Associates v European Bank Ltd
(2009) 255 ALR 171 at [35] (“Evans”) which indicated that the practice in
those courts was that the undertaking had to be given expressly either by the
party or his legal representative and that if it was not so given it could not
be included in the formal order. Before dropping the point, China Data had
submitted that the reasoning of the court in Evans casts doubt as to whether
the English position should be unquestioningly adopted. It argued that while
it is logical for a plaintiff to give an undertaking in damages when applying
for an injunction, the same cannot be said of a cross-undertaking in damages
in response to a defendant’s voluntary undertaking. In the former situation,
the plaintiff is requesting an order from the court and so should furnish an
undertaking to be fair to the defendant. In the latter situation, the parties’
positions have completely changed. An injunction has already been granted – it
is now the defendant who is making a request to furnish a voluntary
undertaking in order to avoid the injunction. Since it is to the benefit of
the defendant to furnish such an undertaking, the plaintiff no longer needs to
give a cross-undertaking in damages.

42 As I earlier observed, it is not necessary for me to make a definitive
ruling on this issue. I would like to state, however, that I am not convinced
by China Data’s reasoning and I consider that the English practice is more
equitable and more principled. The learned editors of Singapore Civil
Procedure 2015 in para 29/1/43 were stating – indeed, restating for the latest
edition, the passage having already been included in the book’s first edition
in 2003 – the practice in Singapore as they believed it to have been long
understood and applied, bearing in mind the history and basis of the civil
procedure and practice of the Singapore courts which in large part owe their
genesis to the English courts. The continuous inclusion over more than a
decade of such a statement of practice in the practitioner’s bible of civil
procedure could not but help perpetuate the practice and the understanding of
lawyers here that a cross-undertaking in damages would be implied in the
stated circumstances.

43 I accept, with respect, the following observations of Laddie J in A Bank v
A Ltd, Times Law Report, 18 July 2000 cited at [30] of SmithKline Beecham Plc
v Apotex Europe Ltd [2006] 1 WLR 872:

When an ex parte injunction or order is made other than against the Crown, it
is automatically subject to a cross-undertaking in damages. So that the
parties are made fully aware of their respective rights and liabilities, that
cross-undertaking should be set out in terms in the order, but if it is not,
it is to be implied none the less. It is difficult to imagine any
circumstances in which it would be appropriate for a court to refuse to impose
a cross-undertaking when it is making an order in the absence and without the
knowledge of the target of the injunction, not least because the imposition of
such a cross-undertaking does not mean that the court will inevitably enforce
it against the claimant if he fails at the trial. The cross-undertaking only
requires the claimant to compensate the defendant if, in its discretion, the
court decides that such compensation is appropriate. In the unlikely event
that a court, after argument from the claimant, decides not to impose a cross-
undertaking, that should be stated expressly. The failure of the court to
expressly deal with this issue in the November and January orders was not
because of an unwillingness to impose a cross-undertaking but because the
necessity of such an undertaking was so obvious that it did not need to be
stated …

Any party who seeks interlocutory relief must be taken to know and appreciate
that a cross-undertaking in damages will be the price it is expected to pay
and the advocate appearing on his behalf will be taken to have authority to
give the undertaking. Even in a case like this, where the November order was
offered by the court rather than asked for by the party, acceptance of the
offer subjects the party to exactly the same conditions and obligations as if
he had asked for it in the first place. He has to pay the same price. The need
to protect the interests of the absent party are the same wherever the idea
for the injunction came from. If the offer of more than was asked for places
the party’s advisers in difficulties they should either ask for a short
adjournment to seek instructions or decline the offer. If neither of these
courses are adopted and the offered injunction is accepted, the automatic
obligation to submit to a cross-undertaking must be explained to the client as
soon as possible. If he is not prepared to pay that price, he must return to
court at the earliest opportunity-particularly before the order is served or
executed-to ask for it to be modified either by expressly excluding the cross-
undertaking or removing the injunction.

[emphasis added]

44 The position here is analogous to the situation where the court offers an
injunction in return for an undertaking. A defendant who furnishes a voluntary
undertaking generally does so because of the existence of an injunction he
wants discharged or to avoid such injunction being granted at all. While
termed “voluntary”, the undertaking is not voluntary in the full sense of the
word, being given in response to actions taken by the plaintiff to impinge on
the defendant’s rights to deal with property or take steps it would otherwise
be fully entitled to. The court will not restrain such actions on the part of
the defendant without an undertaking as to damages from the plaintiff, as the
plaintiff will know or be advised. It should not alter the plaintiff’s
position if the defendant “voluntarily” undertakes not to do the action
complained about and it is not unfair to the plaintiff to imply a cross-
undertaking from him unless he expressly makes it clear from the start that he
is not prepared to give one. Thus, my answer to the second question is that in
Singapore the courts should imply a cross-undertaking in damages from the
plaintiff when the defendant has given a voluntary undertaking.

45 In view of the above, it is not necessary to deal with the third and fourth
questions.

Res judicata

46 In all cases in which an undertaking in damages has been found to have been
given or has been implied by the court, the right of the claimant (ie, the
beneficiary of the undertaking) to enforce such undertaking is not automatic.
The court still has the discretion to determine whether the undertaking should
be enforced. This discretion is to be exercised by reference to all the
circumstances of the case and the court must be satisfied of two things:
first, that the injunction was wrongly granted and, secondly, that there are
no special circumstances militating against the enforcement of the undertaking
(see SH Cogent Logistics Pte Ltd v Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd [2014]
4 SLR 1208 at [171] (“SH Cogent”) and Astro Nusantara International BV v PT
Ayunda Prima Mitra and another matter [2016] SGHC 34). In SH Cogent, it was
also held that in considering whether the injunction was wrongly granted, the
success of the claimant at trial and the circumstances in which the order was
obtained are important matters (at [174]).

47 China Data submitted that the court should not enforce the undertaking
because there had been no determination as to whether Orders 1 and 2 had been
in fact wrongly asked for and granted. In any event, Order 1 could not have
been wrongly granted as Sunmax cannot claim damages in respect of the 8
million Liongold shares because it was not entitled to have taken the shares
on 26 January 2012. The defendants’ response to both these arguments was that
they are res judicata.

48 The principles governing the application of the doctrine of res judicata
are not in dispute. For a litigant to be estopped from raising an issue on the
basis that that issue has already been adjudicated, it must be shown that:

(a) there has been a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) the judgment was from a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) the parties to the two actions that are being compared are the same; and

(d) there is identity of subject matter in the two proceedings.

49 Of the above requirements, the only one that is in dispute here is the
first. The plaintiffs’ point, to put it shortly, is that there has been no
judgment on the merits because of the way that the defendants obtained the
judgment in their favour, viz, by reason of the plaintiffs’ failure to comply
with the unless order made by the SAR. The merits which China Data said were
not adjudicated by the issue of the judgment concerned China Data’s assertions
that:

(a) The loan agreement between China Data and Sunmax and the Escrow Agreement
resulted in the creation of an equitable mortgage, such that the typical
duties attendant on a mortgagee applied to Sunmax;

(b) The duties included a prohibition against self-dealing which Sunmax was
plainly in breach of when it took the 8 million Liongold shares;

(c) Sunmax was never entitled to take the shares because the requisite event
of default needed to trigger its power as mortgagee had not arisen; and

(d) The action of Sunmax in taking the shares unlawfully deprived China Data
of its equity of redemption.

The defendants’ response to the above points was that since the judgment
states that Sunmax is “entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with … the
8,000,000 Liongold shares” it conclusively determines the issue as to the
lawful ownership of the shares, and thus, ability to claim damages. This issue
is, therefore, res judicata and cannot be raised again in these proceedings.

50 The fact that the judgment obtained by the defendants resulted from the
plaintiffs’ default does not by itself mean that res judicata cannot be
invoked. In the case of Ozer Properties Ltd v Ghayadi (1988) 20 HLR 232, the
English Court of Appeal recognised that a judgment in default could create a
situation of res judicata if it determined an issue which, when formulated,
necessarily and with complete precision determined the rights of the parties
(per Stocker LJ at 236). In that case itself, however, the default judgment
was held not to create a res judicata. There, the issue that was alleged to be
res judicata was whether the defendant was a tenant of the plaintiff. The
defendant had previously obtained an injunction allowing her to enter the
relevant premises and restraining the then owners of the premises from
interfering with her quiet enjoyment of the same. The defendant later obtained
judgment against the previous owners due to their default in filing their
defence. By that judgment it was “adjudged that the [defendant] do recover
against the [previous owners] damages to be assessed and costs”. It was held
that this judgment did not create a res judicata on the issue of the
defendant’s status as a tenant of the premises, vis-à-vis the new owners,
because it was not necessary to support the judgment to postulate that the
defendant had a tenancy of any kind. She would have been entitled to damages
having regard to the events of her eviction by the previous owners even if she
had not been a tenant.

51 In the present case, for Sunmax to establish its claim for damages arising
out of its inability to sell the Liongold shares while the voluntary
undertaking was in force, it has to show that it was the owner of those
shares. To succeed in the res judicata argument, it must show that the issue
of the ownership of the shares was an issue for determination in the action
and that such issue was decided by the default judgment. In this respect,
counsel for Sunmax pointed me to the pleadings and submitted that the default
judgment entered on those pleadings did indeed establish the necessary res
judicata.

52 The relevant pleadings are the statement of claim and the defence and
counterclaim. I will summarise the relevant paragraphs of these in turn.
First, the statement of claim averred:

(a) By para 13(2), that by an agreement dated 29 October 2010 (the “Loan
Agreement”), Sunmax agreed to advance $4m to China Data, and China Data agreed
to repay the said sum by 29 January 2011 and to pay a monthly monitoring fee.
Subsequently, the parties agreed to extend the maturity date to 29 July 2011.

(b) By para 14(2), that China Data received $4m from Sunmax on 29 October
2010.

(c) By para 15, that in consideration of the advance made by Sunmax, China
Data arranged for Whitefield to provide the 8 million Liongold shares to
Sunmax as security.

(d) By para 16, that by the Escrow Agreement, Whitefield agreed to appoint the
Escrow Agent identified therein to act as an escrow agent in respect of the 8
million Liongold shares and provided the Escrow Agent with the original share
certificates and signed blank undated share transfer forms (collectively, “the
Escrow Documents”) in respect of the Liongold shares.

(e) By para 20, that on 3 November 2011, Sunmax demanded payment of the sum of
$4,160,000 from China Data, being the repayment of advance and of monitoring
fees up to 29 August 2011.

(f) By para 21, that China Data’s director, Mr Wong Chin Yong, was informed by
Mr Li that the demand was a formality and could be ignored.

(g) By para 22, that on 16 January 2012, the Escrow Agent informed Whitefield
that it had received from Sunmax a release notice dated 22 December 2011
requesting release of the Escrow Documents to Sunmax.

(h) By para 23, that on 26 January 2012, Sunmax wrongfully converted 8 million
Liongold shares.

(i) By para 2 of the prayers, China Data asked for an order that Sunmax return
the 8 million Liongold shares.

53 The defence and counterclaim made the following averments (in summary):

(a) By para 7, that para 32 of the statement of claim was admitted but that:

(i) the Loan Agreement was entered into on condition that the Escrow Agreement
was concluded;

(ii) under the Escrow Agreement, the 8 million Liongold shares were held in
escrow for Sunmax;

(iii) China Data did not repay the loan by the extended deadline of 29 July
2011 and ignored several reminders about the overdue repayment;

(iv) Sunmax therefore exercised its rights under the Escrow Agreement by
instructing the Escrow Agent to release the 8 million Liongold shares to it
and thereafter took possession of the shares; and

(v) up to the date of the pleadings China Data had not repaid the amount due.

(b) By para 12, para 15 of the statement of claim was not admitted.

(c) By para 42 of the counterclaim, that it was an express term of the Loan
Agreement that China Data would repay the loan of $4m on, and monitoring fees
until, the maturity date.

(d) By paras 43 and 44 of the counterclaim, China Data failed to repay the
loan of $4m by the extended maturity date of 29 July 2011 and failed to repay
the monthly monitoring fees from 28 October 2011 and these failures rendered
it in breach of its obligations to Sunmax.

(e) By paras 45 and 46 of the counterclaim, that it was an express term of the
Escrow Agree that the 8 million Liongold shares were held pursuant to China
Data’s obligations under the Loan Agreement and that by reason of China Data’s
breach, Sunmax was entitled to exercise its rights under the Escrow Agreement
to take possession of the 8 million Liongold shares.

(f) By para 1 of the prayers, the defendants prayed for a declaration, inter
alia, that Sunmax was entitled to sell, assign, transfer or deal with the 8
million Liongold shares.

54 It can be seen from the pleadings as paraphrased that the issue of the
ownership of the 8 million Liongold shares was an integral part of each
party’s case. China Data’s case was that Sunmax had no right to take
possession of the shares and that when it did so it wrongfully converted the
shares to its use. Sunmax averred that the shares were placed with the Escrow
Agent on terms which gave it a right to take possession of the shares in
settlement of the debt. It was entitled to exercise its rights because of
China Data’s various breaches and, having done so, it was entitled to a
declaration that it could deal with the shares as it pleased, ie, in the same
way that an owner would be able to. The pleadings encompassed the various
issues raised by Sunmax before me.

55 Looked at in the light of the pleadings, it is clear that the language of
the judgment obtained by Sunmax dealt with, and settled, the issue of the
ownership of the 8 million Liongold shares. It determined that all rights to
deal in the shares were vested in Sunmax, not China Data or Whitefield. The
situation here is quite distinct from that which obtained in Ozer where the
award of damages could have been made on various bases and did not imply the
recognition of a tenancy. I hold, therefore, that the issues that China Data
seeks to raise relating to the alleged position and duties of Sunmax as
equitable mortgagee of the shares and, further, as to its ability to impugn
the actions taken by Sunmax and reclaim possession of the shares, cannot be
raised in these proceedings due to res judicata.

56 As a postscript, I add that China Data was dilatory in seeking to enforce
its, or Whitefield’s, equitable rights. In December 2011, Sunmax requested the
Escrow Agent to release the Escrow Documents to it. China Data was informed on
or about 17 January 2012 that the Escrow Documents had been released to
Sunmax. It was aware then that under cl 4 of the Escrow Agreement, upon
release of the Escrow Documents, it would be released from its obligation to
repay Sunmax and the loan would be fully discharged. It must have known then
that for it or Whitefield to seek relief from the forfeiture of the shares,
the loan would have to be repaid. No action was started nor was any offer of
repayment made. It was only in March 2013, when the parties’ respective legal
positions had been clearly formalised in the pleadings, that China Data
tendered repayment of the loan. That was a time when the value of the shares
exceeded the amount of the loan. It did not renew such tender at the time it
sought to challenge Sunmax’s entitlement to damages. Since October 2013, the
value of the shares has been far short of the amount of the loan. During the
last hearing, counsel for Sunmax stated that if China Data was now willing to
pay it the amount tendered in March 2013, his client would re-transfer all
shares covered by the Escrow Agreement. Counsel for China Data indicated that
he needed to take instructions. To-date, I have heard nothing further about
this. While the court has the equitable jurisdiction to revive a mortgagor’s
equity of redemption after it has been destroyed, this jurisdiction is
exercised to give the mortgagor a further opportunity to repay the debt and
recover its property (see Cukurova Finance Ltd v Alfa Telecom Turkey Ltd (Nos
3 to 5) [2015] 2WLR 875 at [83]). There is no point complaining about alleged
wrongful destruction of one’s equity of redemption if one does not show
ability and willingness to repay the debt due.

57 For the reasons given above, I hold that it is not open to Sunmax (and the
other plaintiffs) to now assert that Orders 1 and 2 were wrongfully granted.

Any other reason not to award damages

58 As pointed out earlier, the court has a discretion in regard to the
enforcement of the undertaking as to damages and will not do so if there are
circumstances that militate against such enforcement. In this respect, the
only argument left to the plaintiffs, since they accept that the terms of the
judgment prevent them relying on the absence of a cross-undertaking from them
and since I have held their other arguments to be res judicata, is that in
respect of the 8 million Liongold shares Sunmax should not be entitled to
recover as it would have suffered no loss at all had it not refused China
Data’s offer to redeem the shares by repaying the debt. The plaintiffs said
this refusal was a failure to mitigate but I am not convinced that that is the
correct way of categorising this argument.

59 Both parties accepted that the measure of damages flowing from the interim
injunction is governed by contractual principles as stated in CHS CPO GmbH (in
bankruptcy) v Vikas Goel [2005] 3 SLR(R) 202 (“CHS CPO”), particularly at
[89]. That case set out the principles applicable when fortification of an
undertaking as to damages is applied for. Certain of those principles are
equally relevant here. They are:

(a) An undertaking as to damages is one given to the court, and not to the
other party.

(b) Such an undertaking is intended to provide a means of compensation for the
enjoined party for loss if it occurs in relation to the grant of the
injunction prayed for.

(c) The risk of loss is governed, inter alia, by contractual principles
relating to causation, remoteness of damage and mitigation.

60 China Data argued that Sunmax failed to mitigate its loss by refusing the
tender of repayment of the loan in March 2013. As Sunmax submitted, this
argument is based on the assumption that at that date China Data had an equity
of redemption with respect to the shares. The equity of redemption had,
however, been destroyed by Sunmax’s action in appropriating the shares and in
this action China Data was, effectively, asking for revival of the equity and
relief against forfeiture. That remedy is a discretionary one and the
defendants were actively disputing China Data’s right to it. In asserting that
Sunmax had a duty to accept the tender of payment, China Data was saying that
Sunmax had to give up its defence to China Data’s claim and its position that
the shares belonged to it at that time and should not be returned. In my view,
in a dispute over the ownership of an asset, requiring one party to completely
surrender its legal position on ownership and accept the other side’s claim
before adjudication of the dispute is not requiring it to mitigate at all and
cannot be described as such. When there is a genuine dispute over legal
rights, the refusal to accept a demand of this nature cannot be unreasonable.
All the more, such refusal cannot adversely affect the refusing party’s right
to damages when its claim is subsequently upheld by the court. Further, in
this case, the judgment, in determining the issue of ownership conclusively
against China Data, also implied that any discretion available to the court
had not been exercised in favour of China Data. Since the shares belonged to
Sunmax in March 2013, it had no obligation to accept the offer of redemption.

61 In my view, the plaintiffs have not put forward any valid argument as to
why they should not be responsible for loss sustained by the defendants by
reason of the voluntary undertakings. In May 2013, the defendants, through
their counsel, made the First Sale Proposal, under which the enjoined shares
would have been sold and the proceeds paid into an interest-bearing account.
The plaintiffs rejected this proposal. Subsequently, in July 2013, I asked the
plaintiffs’ then counsel if the plaintiffs were prepared to let the defendants
sell all the shares and put the money into court. Counsel for the plaintiffs
said they would have to take instructions on this and would thereafter reply
to the defendants’ lawyers. In the event, no response was given to the
defendants’ lawyers. In September 2013, the defendants made the Second Sale
Proposal, requesting that the plaintiffs allow Mr Li to sell his 6 million
Asiasons shares in the light of the prevailing market conditions. Indeed, the
Second Sale Proposal expressly stated that Mr Li was concerned about the
possibility of a fall in the market and put the plaintiffs on notice that Mr
Li would consider them to be responsible for any losses caused by such a fall.
Again, the plaintiffs chose not to agree to the proposal.

62 As can be seen from the brief recital of events above, the plaintiffs were
at all times intent on maintaining the freeze on dealing with the shares. They
were aware of the possible consequences of a freeze from the time they applied
for Orders 1 and 2 and were reminded of these consequences subsequently. In
these circumstances, it cannot be unfair to require them to compensate the
defendants for any damage caused by the freeze.

Quantification of damages

63 Having decided that damages should be awarded on the cross-undertaking, I
must now decide the appropriate basis for the assessment of the defendants’
loss.

64 The defendants have calculated their losses in respect of the two counters
involved differently, as can be seen from the chart below:

Calculation of Damages  
---  
Counter| Number of shares|  Start share price | End share price | Difference in value per share| Damages the defendant is entitled to  
Sunmax  
Liongold shares| 8 million| $1.290 as of 30.7.2012| $0.161 as of 14.10.2013|
$1.129| $9,032,000  
Mr Li  
Asiasons shares| 6 million| $1.205 as of 10.9.2013| $0.15 as of 7.10.2013|
$1.055| $6,330,000  
Liongold shares| 5.2 million| $1.129 as of 30.7.2012| $0.161as of 14.10.2013|
$1.129| $5,870,800  
  
65 Whilst in respect of the Liongold shares the defendants use the difference
in value between the date of the injunction and the date when it was
discharged, in respect of the Asiasons shares, they use the difference in
value between an intermediate date falling after the date of injunction and
the date on which Mr Li was permitted to deal with the shares. Before
examining the soundness of these proposed methods of quantification, it is
helpful to first set out the principles governing compensation under a cross-
undertaking in damages.

66 It is well-established, and both parties accepted, that the general
approach to be taken is akin to that in contract cases. As Lord Diplock stated
in F Hoffmann-La Roche & Co AG v Secretary of State for Trade and Industry
[1974] AC 295 (“Hoffmann-La Roche”) at 361, the assessment of damages payable
under a cross-undertaking in damages:

… is made upon the same basis as that upon which damages for breach of
contract would be assessed if the undertaking had been a contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant that the plaintiff would not prevent the defendant
from doing that which he was restrained from doing by the terms of the
injunction …

[emphasis added]

67 This approach was also adopted by the High Court of Australia in Air
Express Ltd v Ansett Transport Industries (Operations) Pty Ltd (1981) 146 CLR
249 and European Bank Ltd v Robb Evans of Robb Evans & Associates [2010] HCA 6
(unreported, 10 March 2010). The High Court expressed the view that the
damages claimable should be those which flowed directly from the injunction
and which could have been foreseen when the injunction was granted. This is
clearly a contractual measure of damages. The High Court observed that that
view was one which would be just and equitable in the circumstances of most
cases. Indeed, the judge in Moraitis Fresh Packaging (NSC) Pty Ltd v Fresh
Express Australia Pty Ltd [2010] NSWSC 704 (“Moraitis”), a case the defendants
rely on, was guided by that holding. The passage that I have quoted from
Hoffmann-La Roche was also cited with approval locally in CHS CPO at [57], in
which the court also stated that general contractual principles of causation,
remoteness and mitigation should apply to the assessment of damages under a
cross-undertaking.

68 Generally, the defendants have calculated their damages on the basis of the
change in the market values of the shares during the period of the injunction.
It cannot be contended that this method of calculation would offend the
remoteness principle since it was foreseeable to the plaintiffs when the
Voluntary Undertaking was given that the share prices would vary whilst the
undertaking remained in effect because the affected shares were listed shares
and the stock market is a volatile one. Therefore, the proper method of
assessment in the present case would be to determine how much the defendants
lost because they were restrained from selling the shares, subject to the
defendants’ duty to mitigate their losses.

69 The question that arises is as to the dates at which the shares should be
valued for the purposes of the assessment because the amount lost varies with
the dates chosen. The parties’ submissions highlight the following dates as
being potentially relevant in this regard:

(a) 30 July 2012 (“the Injunction Date”) – the date of Orders 1 and 2;

(b) 2 August 2012 (“the Undertaking Date”) – the date of the Voluntary
Undertaking;

(c) 10 September 2013 (“the Intermediate Date”) – the date on which counsel
for the defendants wrote to the plaintiffs proposing that the Asiasons shares
be sold and the proceeds be paid into court;

(d) 7 October 2013 (“the Dealing Date”) – the date on which ORC 6974/2013 was
made allowing Mr Li to deal in the Asiasons shares; and

(e) 14 October 2014 (the “Discharge Date”) – the date on which Orders 1 and 2
and the Voluntary Undertaking were discharged.

70 For the purpose of this enquiry, the Undertaking Date may be disregarded in
favour of the Injunction Date as no evidence has been given as to any
difference in the values of the shares on the two dates. Further, in all
practical ways, the defendants were restrained from dealing with the shares
from the Injunction Date onwards; the undertaking merely extended the period
of restraint. In the analysis that follows, I use the term “injunction” to
include the Voluntary Undertaking as well.

71 Ordinarily in cases of this nature, damages are assessed with reference to
the difference between the price of the property enjoined as at the date of
the injunction order and its price as at the date of discharge of that order.
This was, in essence, the measure used in Mansell v British Linen Company Bank
[1891] 3 Ch 159 (“Mansell”) at 164, which the defendants cited. I note that
this ordinary measure is a rule of convenience and an approximation of what an
enjoined party will have lost. By taking the price as at the date of the
injunction order, the court effectively places the enjoined party in the
position it would have been in had it sold the entirety of the property at the
market price as at the date of the injunction order. This may not correspond
precisely to the position the enjoined party would actually have been in but
for the injunction, for the enjoined party might well have sold the property
some time later at either a higher or lower price. Unfortunately, uncertainty
of this sort is inherent in any inquiry into how an injured party would have
acted but for the wrong done to it. Unless that uncertainty can be dispelled
by special evidence which proves that the property would have been sold at
some other price, the court will adopt the market price as at the date of the
injunction order as a default price in order to avoid engaging in excessive
speculation (see Canadian Imperial Investment Pte Ltd v Pacific Century
Regional Developments Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 227 at [80] and Mansell at 163). All
this was accepted by the defendants, who further cited Triodos Bank NV v Dobbs
[2005] EWHC 108 (Ch) (“Triodos”) and Moraitis as examples of cases where the
court was satisfied by the special evidence presented. I shall return to these
cases in due course.

72 As indicated at [64] above, the defendants accepted that with regard to the
13.2 million Liongold shares, there was no special evidence to show when and
at what price they would have been sold, and that the ordinary measure would
thus apply to those shares. The drop in the value of the Liongold shares from
the Injunction Date ($1.205 per share) to the Discharge Date ($0.161 per
share) is $1.129 per share and this would mean that Sunmax’s loss in respect
of its 8 million Liongold shares is $9,032,000 whilst Mr Li’s loss in respect
of his 5.2 million Liongold shares is $5,870,000. The plaintiffs on their part
asserted that the defendants’ loss in respect of the Liongold shares cannot be
attributed to the injunction at all because the defendants would have dumped
the Liongold shares in July 2012, thereby incurring a similar loss, had the
injunction not prevented them from doing so.

73 I agree with the defendants that there is insufficient evidence that the
Liongold shares would have been sold at a price other than the value at the
Injunction Date. Although the First Sale Proposal (described at [14] and [61]
above) suggests that a sale in May 2013 was a possibility, I do not consider
it sufficient to displace the ordinary measure. As for the evidence which was
raised by the plaintiffs at the injunction application to suggest that the
defendants had intended to “dump” the Liongold shares in July 2012, it should
be stressed that a proven risk that an enjoined party may take a particular
course of action does not equate to proof that the enjoined party would have
taken that course. Reasonable suspicions are not, at the assessment of damages
stage, sufficient. In any event, even if the plaintiffs had proven that the
defendants would have dumped the Liongold shares in July 2012, they would
still need to prove – and have not proven – the price that would have been
obtained had this dumping been carried out. I therefore agree that the
ordinary measure of damages applies to the Liongold shares and I accept the
defendants’ quantification.

74 In respect of the Asiasons shares, the defendants asserted that Mr Li is
entitled to claim not the ordinary measure of damages, but the difference in
price between the Intermediate Date and the Dealing Date. They argued that Mr
Li lost a specific opportunity of realising the value of the shares during the
period of the injunction and, therefore, the value of the shares on the
Injunction Date should be disregarded in favour of their value on the
Intermediate Date, which was when he had that opportunity to lock in a higher
value. They also disregarded the Discharge Date on the basis that since Mr Li
was permitted to deal with the Asiasons shares from the Dealing Date onwards,
the Discharge Date was no longer significant.

75 Given that the Dealing Date was the date on which Mr Li ceased to be
prevented from dealing with the Asiasons shares, I accept that the Dealing
Date and not the Discharge Date is relevant for the purposes of assessing his
loss with regard to those shares. The more difficult question is whether the
value of the shares as at the Intermediate Date should be used in substitution
for the value of the shares as at the Injunction Date. Depending on how the
question is answered, there are two possible ways of assessing the loss
suffered by Mr Li in respect of the Asiasons shares:

(a) The defendants’ method as set out in [74] above, which would give Mr Li
$6,330,000.

(b) The difference between the value of the Asiasons shares as at the
Injunction Date ($0.570) and that as at the Dealing Date ($0.139), reflecting
the decrease in the value of the Asiasons shares over the period of the
injunction’s effectiveness as against Mr Li, which would give Mr Li
$2,586,000.

76 On this point, the defendants’ submission is that there is special evidence
that the Asiasons shares would have been sold on or around the Intermediate
Date: namely, the Second Sale Proposal and the subsequent application to court
when that proposal was rejected by the plaintiffs (as described at [16]
above).

77 At a glance, the defendants’ argument appears compelling. The Second Sale
Proposal does support the contention that the defendants, specifically Mr Li,
intended to sell the Asiasons shares on or about the Intermediate Date. If the
shares had been sold on or about that date, they would have fetched a much
higher price than their value as at the Dealing Date. But for the plaintiffs’
refusal to accept the Second Sale Proposal, the Asiasons shares would have
been sold at that higher price, and so (the defendants argue) the plaintiffs
should be liable for the difference.

78 In assessing the merits of this argument, it must be recalled that the
notional contract breached by the enjoining party is, in the Hoffmann-La Roche
formulation, “a contract between the plaintiff and the defendant that the
plaintiff would not prevent the defendant from doing that which he was
restrained from doing by the terms of the injunction” (emphasis added). Since
it is the very existence of the injunction which prevented the defendants from
disposing of the property, the court cannot simply ask whether Mr Li would
have sold the Asiasons shares on or around the Intermediate Date if the
plaintiff had agreed to the Second Sale Proposal. Instead, the crucial
question is what Mr Li would have done with those shares had there been no
injunction to begin with.

79 Aside from the fact that the Second Sale Proposal was made, three
additional facts must be considered in answering this question.

80 First, the fact that the Second Sale Proposal evidenced an intention to
sell the Asiasons shares on or around the Intermediate Date in September 2013
is counterbalanced by the existence of the First Sale Proposal which, by the
same token, evidenced an earlier intention to sell those same shares (as part
of the Schedule 2 shares) in May 2013. It is true that the First Sale Proposal
was not pursued with the same vigour as the Second Sale Proposal, but it is no
less true that if the plaintiffs had accepted the First Sale Proposal, the
shares would have been sold at that point, obviating the need for the Second
Sale Proposal. Thus, the fact that the First Sale Proposal was made at all
suggests that May 2013 was another possible period during which the shares
might have been sold had the injunction never been granted.

81 Secondly, it is significant that the Second Sale Proposal did not state a
firm intention to sell the Asiasons shares as close as possible to the
Intermediate Date, but rather sought the plaintiffs’ agreement to allow Mr Li
to sell those shares “at a minimum price of S$1.00 per share anytime within 14
days of your acceptance of the proposal herein”. This reflects the obvious
reality that Mr Li, like most shareholders, did not have a single fixed target
in mind, but a range of acceptable values. If the injunction had not existed,
he may have been happy to sell at $1.205 per share (the price as at the
Intermediate Date) or he might have decided to hold on for slightly longer in
the hope of realising a larger profit. Contrariwise, the minimum price of
$1.00 stated in the Second Sale Proposal might even suggest that Mr Li would
have been content to sell at an earlier point, before the share price hit
$1.205, had he not been constrained by the injunction.

82 Thirdly, I cannot ignore the fact that an owner of shares over which there
is an injunction would necessarily have different considerations acting on his
mind than would an owner of shares who is free to deal with them as he
pleases. The existence of an injunction would have at least two effects
pulling in different directions. First, the inconvenience and uncertainty of
having to obtain either the enjoining party’s consent or an order from the
court may make the shareholder more reluctant to attempt a sale than he
otherwise would be. Secondly, and conversely, the prospect of being locked in
by the injunction for a significant period, during which the market would be
bound to fluctuate, may make the shareholder more anxious to realise the value
of his shares (or, to borrow the words used in the Second Sale Proposal, more
anxious “to mitigate the risk of any fall in the share prices”) than he
otherwise would be. It therefore cannot be taken for granted that a desire to
sell on a certain date, with the injunction in place, indicates that a sale
would have taken place on or around that date had the injunction never been
granted.

83 Taking all the above factors into consideration, I find that it is not
possible to state on a balance of probabilities whether Mr Li would, but for
the injunction’s existence, have chosen to realise the value of his Asiasons
shares in May 2013, in September 2013 (on or around the Intermediate Date), on
some other date before May 2013 or after September 2013, or at some point in
between. Consequently, the ordinary measure – using the value of the Asiasons
shares as at the Injunction Date as a default – should be resorted to instead.

84 My conclusion on the evidence is not undermined by any of the cases which
the defendants relied on. On the contrary, those cases only fortify it
further.

85 In Triodos, the claimant, who was the managing director and majority
shareholder of Acorn Televillages Ltd, sought to restrain the receivers from
disposing of shares in a subsidiary of that company. The receivers had
accepted an offer for the shares on 17 July 2002 but were unable to complete
the transaction due to an undertaking given by them on 30 July 2002 not to
dispose of the shares. In return, the claimant had given a cross-undertaking
in damages. It was subsequently held that there had been no basis for the
receivers’ undertaking. Lightman J assessed the damages to be what the
intended buyer had offered for the shares (given that the court found that the
shares were otherwise valueless) on the basis that the undertaking caused the
loss of the only prospect of sale of the shares. Additionally, the claimant
had to pay interest accruing from 1 September 2002, being the date on which
the intended buyer urged the receivers to apply to court to discharge the
undertaking.

86 On one analysis, Triodos was a case where there was compelling special
evidence as to the price the shares would have been sold at: the receivers had
already accepted an offer, locking in the sale price. Adopting that price
involved no speculation at all on the court’s part and was simple common
sense. In contrast, adopting the higher price in the present case would
involve a great deal of speculation given the multiple possible dates on
which, and values at which, the Asiasons shares could have been sold.
Moreover, on an alternative analysis, Triodos could be seen as a case where
the ordinary measure of damages was not even departed from; instead, the price
which had already been set by the accepted offer formed the basis for
determining the value of the shares as at the date of the undertaking. That
said, given that interest was made payable from the date on which the intended
buyer urged the receiver to apply to discharge the undertaking (which, one
presumes, would have been near the date the intended buyer wished to complete
the sale), rather than the date the undertaking was given, the former
interpretation seems likelier. Whichever interpretation is correct, what is
clear is that Triodos is a vastly different case from the present one.

87 Turning to Moraitis, that case involved an undertaking by the defendant not
to dispose of stands at the Sydney market and a corresponding cross-
undertaking in damages by the plaintiff, both of which were given on 8 January
2007. McLaughlin AsJ found that, as at that date, the stands had a market
value of A$750,000 and the defendants were in negotiations with an interested
buyer who had made the defendants a higher offer of A$1.2m. Accordingly,
McLaughlin AsJ awarded A$450,000 (being the difference between the value of
the stands in January 2007 and the offered price) for the lost opportunity to
sell the stands at A$1.2m. This was despite the fact that the market value of
the stands had actually increased to A$785,000 by the time the undertaking was
discharged. Putting to one side the troubling point of the apparent
overcompensation of the defendants (who received both the profit they would
have received had they accepted the offer in January 2007 and the profit they
would have received had they rejected the offer and instead sold the stands at
market value at the date of judgment), this case simply provides another
example of the kind of special evidence which would be necessary for the
defendants to discharge their burden of proving that a price other than the
market value as at the date of injunction or undertaking should be used. All
the court needed to find in Moraitis, albeit it did not express its conclusion
in quite these words, was that the offer of A$1.2m would more likely than not
have been accepted. The court did not need to speculate (as I have been asked
to do in the present case) as to which dates and prices out of multiple
plausible dates and prices would have been chosen for the sale.

88 Finally, in Mansell, two defendants, Mr Mackay and British Linen Company
Bank (“the Bank”), were restrained from selling Mr Mackay’s shares without the
plaintiff’s consent. The order was made on 21 March 1890 and on 9 October
1890, the Bank issued a summons asking for an order directing the sale of Mr
Mackay’s shares. Both the plaintiff and Mr Mackay opposed it. On 31 January
1891, the plaintiff’s case was dismissed and an assessment of damages took
place in respect of the loss caused by the injunction. The evidence was that
on the day when judgment was given against the plaintiff, the shares were
worth £237 10s. On 21 March 1890, the shares were worth £400. Thereafter their
value fluctuated, reaching a high point of £600 on 13 June 1890. On 9 October
1890, when the Bank applied for sale of the shares, their value was £262 10s.
Initially, the damages were assessed at the difference between the value of
the shares on 13 June 1890 (£600) and their value on the judgment date (£237
10s), thus taking account of the highest value of the shares during the period
of the injunction.

89 On the appeal, the initial assessment of damages was overturned on the
basis that it was most improbable that if the injunction had not been granted,
Mr Mackay would have been so fortunate as to have sold his shares exactly at
the moment between 21 March 1890 and 31 January 1891 when the price of the
shares reached its highest point. Romer J noted that there was “no special
evidence to render it probable that but for the injunction the highest price
would have been obtained” (at 163). He instead allowed damages of £137 10s,
the difference between £400, being the sum which the shares would have
obtained if they had been sold on the date of the injunction, and £262 10s,
the price which they would have fetched had they been disposed of on 9 October
1890 when the summons asking for sale of the shares was issued. This was the
ordinary measure of damages, save that the date of the summons asking for the
sale of the shares was used in place of the discharge date. Romer J did not
state his reasons for that substitution, but a likely explanation is that Mr
Mackay, by choosing to oppose the summons for sale, had failed to mitigate his
loss and hence – assuming the application by summons would more likely than
not have succeeded had he supported it – could not claim the further fall in
the share value after the date of the summons.

90 Undoubtedly, the defendants in the present case are not so ambitious as was
Mr Mackay (who was seeking to use the highest price attained by his shares
over the whole period of the undertaking), nor is their evidence so scant as
that which was offered by Mr Mackay (who does not appear to have adduced any
evidence as to his intentions). Nonetheless, their cases are similar to the
extent that neither Mr Li nor Mr Mackay was able to adduce sufficient special
evidence to prove that they would more likely than not have sold their shares
on any particular date. In the face of such insufficiency of evidence, the
court in Mansell could only fall back on the default date, viz, the date of
the injunction order or undertaking. I can do no better.

91 I would therefore assess Mr Li’s loss in respect of the Asiasons shares as
being $2,586,000, which is the difference between the shares’ value as at the
Injunction Date and their value as at the Dealing Date.

92 Finally, contrary to the plaintiffs’ submissions, I find that there was no
failure on the part of either defendant to mitigate their losses. The only
measure put forward as a mitigating step which the defendants should allegedly
have taken was accepting the tender of repayment of the loan. I reject this
argument for the reasons given in [60] above. Nothing else has been advanced
in relation to mitigation.

Conclusion

93 For the reasons given above, the plaintiffs shall be jointly and severally
liable to pay damages to the defendants as follows:

(a) To the first defendant, $9,032,000 in respect of the Liongold shares; and

(b) To the second defendant, $5,870,000 in respect of the Liongold shares and
$2,586,000 in respect of the Asiasons shares.

94 I will hear the parties on costs. Given the rather convoluted course the
assessment has taken, some consideration may have to be given as to how costs
should be apportioned among the plaintiffs, particularly those who took no
direct part in the assessment hearing.

Judith Prakash  
Judge

Muralli Rajaram and Andrew Heng  
(Straits Law Practice LLC) for the second plaintiff;  
Eighth plaintiff in person;  
Lee Eng Beng SC, Chua Beng Chye and Raelene Pereira  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

