Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 152

Criminal Case No 65 of 2015

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Dewi Sukowati  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure] – [Sentencing]

[Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v  

Dewi Sukowati

  

[2016] SGHC 152

High Court — Criminal Case No 65 of 2015  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
31 May 2016

16 September 2016

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 The accused pleaded guilty to one charge of culpable homicide not amounting
to murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The charge
read as follows:

That you, DEWI SUKOWATI,

on the 19th day of March 2014, at about 7.30 a.m., at 43 Victoria Park Road,
Singapore, did cause the death of one Nancy Gan Wan Geok, female/69 years old,
with the intention of causing death, to wit, by hitting the back of the said
Nancy Gan Wan Geok’s head forcefully against a wall, hitting the said Nancy
Gan Wan Geok’s head forcefully against the edge of a step, and then flipping
the said Nancy Gan Wan Geok face down into a swimming pool after, and you have
thereby committed an offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, an
offence punishable section 304(a) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev.
Ed.).

2 The accused admitted the Statement of Facts (“SOF”) without qualification.
The narrative following ([3] to [13]) is extracted with minor amendments from
the SOF.

3 On 19 March 2014, the sixth day of the accused’s employment (with the
deceased), at about 5.30 am, the accused woke up and began her daily chores.
Two hours later, at about 7.30 am, the deceased woke up and rang the call
bell, which the accused understood to be a signal for her to bring a glass of
water to the deceased’s bedroom.

4 The accused brought a glass of warm water on a tray to the deceased’s
bedroom, and knocked on the door. The deceased opened the bedroom door, and
began to scold the accused in Bahasa Indonesia, “Salah lagi, salah lagi, dasar
gadis bodoh, apa pun tak tahu”, which means “wrong again, wrong again, very
stupid girl, don’t know anything” in English. The accused had delivered the
glass of water on the wrong type of tray, despite the deceased’s specific
instructions previously.

5 The deceased then splashed the water in the glass onto the accused’s face
and threw the tray onto the floor. The accused squatted down and proceeded to
pick up the tray. However, the deceased snatched the tray from the accused’s
hand and hit the left rear side of the accused’s head with the base of the
tray. The accused was still in a squatting position and the deceased was
bending over in front of her. The deceased continued scolding the accused,
saying in Bahasa Indonesia, “Sudah saya bilang lupa lagi salah lagi, kalu
kayak gini saya potong gaji kamu jadi dua ratus”, which means in English “I’ve
already told you, you forget again, you make mistakes again, I will cut your
salary until it becomes S$200/-”.

6 At this point, the accused lost control of herself and suddenly grabbed hold
of the deceased’s hair with both the accused’s hands and swung the deceased’s
head against the wall on her right with all the strength that the accused had.
The accused had intended for the front of the deceased’s head to hit the wall.
However, the deceased resisted and the back of her head hit the wall instead.
As a result of the blow against the wall, the deceased collapsed, unconscious
and bleeding profusely from the back of her head. The deceased lay face down
on the floor, with her left arm bent near her head, her right arm stretched to
the back and both legs straight out.

7 The accused was frightened. Initially, she did not know whether the deceased
was alive or merely unconscious. Confused, she stood up and squatted down a
few times, thinking about what she had done. After about ten minutes, the
accused flipped the deceased’s body over to a supine position, so that she
could check if the deceased was still breathing. The accused could not see
whether the deceased was breathing, and placed her right ear on the deceased’s
chest. The accused could hear the deceased’s heart beating weakly.

8 The accused was worried that if the deceased woke up and called the police,
she would be arrested. She then decided to place the deceased’s body in the
swimming pool of the house so the deceased would drown and not be able to call
the police.

9 Pursuant to her plan, the accused dragged the deceased’s supine body by the
hair with both her hands towards the swimming pool. The accused reached a
ceramic-tiled step on the accused’s way to the swimming pool. The accused
recalled the deceased’s daily scolding and criticism and became angry again.
The accused grabbed the deceased’s hair and slammed the back of the deceased’s
head against the edge of the step. Even more blood flowed out from the back of
the deceased’s head.

10 The accused continued to drag the deceased’s body towards the swimming
pool. Along the way, there were a few more steps and the accused grabbed the
deceased by her pyjamas and dragged the deceased’s body down the steps. The
deceased’s head and body hit against the steps multiple times in the process.

11 When the accused eventually arrived at the swimming pool, the accused
arranged the deceased’s body parallel to the edge of the swimming pool before
flipping the deceased face down into the swimming pool. The accused then
returned to the deceased’s room to retrieve the deceased’s sandals, and threw
the said sandals into the swimming pool to give the impression that the
deceased had committed suicide by drowning herself in the swimming pool.

12 The accused returned to the interior of the house, and cleaned up the blood
trail from the deceased’s bedroom to the swimming pool by mopping the floor
multiple times. She used a cloth to wipe away the blood stains on the wall
where she had initially swung the deceased’s head against. She also threw away
every blood-stained item that she saw in the house. The accused changed into a
new set of clothes as the clothes that she was wearing had become stained with
the deceased’s blood. The accused soaked her blood-stained clothing in a pail
in her room’s toilet to get rid of the blood stains.

13 After the accused thought that she had cleaned up all traces of blood, she
left the house and rang the doorbell of her neighbour’s house. However, before
the neighbour could answer the door, a despatch rider, one Mohammad Hasri bin
Abdul Hamid (“Mohammad Hasri”), rode past. The accused told him in English,
“Help me, my employer is in the swimming pool.” The both of them then
proceeded to the pool and Mohammad Hasri called the police.

14 The accused was remanded for psychiatric evaluation from 20 March 2014 to
10 April 2014 (para 26 of SOF). She was examined by Dr Kenneth Koh,
Psychiatrist and Senior Consultant, Department of General and Forensic
Psychiatry in the Institute of Mental Health, who found her to be “attentive
and organized in her accounts” and there “were no psychotic features and her
mood was not overtly depressed” (9 May 2014 report).

15 Dr Koh certified in his report dated 1 April 2015 that “at the moment of
the offence” the accused was suffering from “an Acute Stress Reaction”. The
point that came through plainly from Dr Koh’s reports was that the combination
of this “disease of the mind” (1 April 2015 report) and the “socio-cultural
factors” (1 April 2015 report referring to his 9 May 2014 and 22 January 2015
reports) led to the substantial impairment of “the accused’s mental
responsibility” for her offence (1 April 2015 report).

16 The “socio-cultural factors” were neatly set out in Dr Koh’s 22 January
2015 report (see also his 9 May 2014 report) and summed up in para 3 of the
report (at p 1):

The combination of her very young age, her lack of exposure and sudden
dispatch to a vastly different culture, the lack of proper training in how to
cope with the vicissitudes of work, her past history of abuse and therefore
enhanced sensitivity to further (alleged) abuse at the hands of a
perfectionistic employer, interacted with the suddenness of the assault on a
vital part of her person and conceivably caused her to have reacted
instantaneously without heed of the consequences.

17 The report concluded (at p 2) that her “abnormality of mind at the material
time would have caused her to be significantly impaired in her judgement and
impulse control and therefore her mental responsibility for her actions, in a
situation where she was (allegedly) acutely and severely provoked with insult
and injury to her person”. As for the accused’s present condition, on the
basis that the accused had not commenced on any psychiatric medication, it
would appear that “she is free from any mental disorder currently” and “has a
good prognosis from a psychiatric viewpoint” (Dr Koh’s 14 May 2015 report).

18 At the end of the hearing, I sentenced the accused to an imprisonment term
of 18 years, with effect from 19 March 2014, the date of her arrest. The
accused has now appealed against the sentence imposed, presumably on the
ground that it is manifestly excessive (s 377(1) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)).

19 Before I detail my reasons for imposing the above sentence, it should be
noted that the defence had sought to adduce an affidavit of one Nurul Putri
Mildanti (“Nurul”). Nurul was formerly a domestic helper for the deceased and
in her affidavit, she averred that she was subjected to verbal and physical
abuse by the deceased while she was in the deceased’s employ. Nurul returned
to Indonesia in March 2014. I decided that this affidavit was inadmissible on
the basis that it was irregular and irrelevant (see Transcript, Day 1, p 48,
lines 3 to 16). It was irregular because it did not comply with s 262 of the
CPC.

20 Quite apart from the fact that the deceased had no opportunity to reply to
what had been alleged, the prosecution was also not able to cross-examine
Nurul or otherwise test the veracity of the contents of her affidavit.

21 More importantly, the affidavit was irrelevant. I took the view that this
affidavit did not add anything to the relevant facts for sentencing since the
SOF had already set out the circumstances leading to the commission of the
offence and specifically included the acts of the deceased which precipitated
the accused’s actions. I was also of the view that the accused was not
prejudiced by the inadmissibility of this affidavit. In the circumstances, I
declined to admit this affidavit into evidence.

22 On the appropriate sentence to be imposed, the prosecution submitted that a
sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment be imposed (Prosecution’s Sentencing
Submissions (“PP’s WS”) paras 4 and 50) while the defence argued for ten to 12
years’ imprisonment (para 52 and 67 of Written Mitigation dated 30 May 2016
(“Mitigation”)). The gulf was explicable essentially by the parties’ reliance
on two different groups of authorities.

23 The prosecution sought to justify the 20 years’ imprisonment by reliance on
Public Prosecutor v Vitria Depsi Wahyuni (alias Fitriah) [2013] 1 SLR 699
(“Vitria”), Purwanti Parji v Public Prosecutor [2005] 2 SLR(R) 220 (“Purwanti
(CA)”), Public Prosecutor v Nurhayati (CC 29/2012, unreported) (“Nurhayati”)
(case materials at Tab H of Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities (“PP’s BOA”))
and Public Prosecutor v Barokah [2008] SGHC 22 (“Barokah”) (PP’s WS paras 39 –
49) (the “first group of cases”). The defence on the other hand sought to show
that in terms of culpability, the present case was closer to the other group
of precedents set out in Annex A of the PP’s WS (the “Annex A cases”) where
the sentences imposed were between ten to 13 years’ imprisonment and hence
were considerably lighter.

24 I first considered the defence’s submissions on the Annex A cases. Their
arguments appeared to focus mainly on two factors:

(a) The accused persons in the Annex A cases, like the present accused, were
labouring under a mental disorder at the time of the offence (paras 61 – 66 of
Mitigation).

(b) There was no premeditation on the part of the present accused or at least
a lower level of premeditation than in the Annex A cases (paras 47, 62 – 66 of
Mitigation; and Transcript, Day 1, p 44, lines 12 – 23).

25 With regard to the relevance of the mental disorder, regard must be had to
the observations of the Court of Appeal in Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 4 SLR 1287 (“Lim Ghim Peow”) (at [35]):

We would therefore reiterate that the existence of a mental disorder on the
part of the offender does not automatically reduce the importance of the
principle of general deterrence in sentencing. Much depends on the
circumstances of each individual case. If the nature of the mental disorder is
such that it does not affect the offender’s capacity to appreciate the gravity
and significance of his criminal conduct, the application of the sentencing
principle of general deterrence may not be greatly affected.

[emphasis added]

26 Indeed, in oral arguments, the prosecution submitted that the “dividing
line” (Transcript, Day 1, p 29, lines 23 – 25) between the two groups of cases
was the principle enunciated above.

27 The prosecution distinguished the Annex A cases from our present case based
on “the severity of the mental disorders and the impact that the mental
disorders suffered had on the accused’s actions” (para 49 of PP’s WS). It was
argued that the mental condition of the present accused was “not so
debilitating such that she was unable to appreciate the gravity and
significance of her criminal conduct” (para 9 of PP’s WS) (see also the
prosecution’s analysis (para 3 of PP’s WS) of the offence into three distinct
acts).

28 I had examined the nature of the mental disorders suffered by the accused
persons in the Annex A cases. All of the accused persons in the Annex A cases
exhibited psychotic symptoms and their mental disorders were clearly much more
serious than the present accused’s condition (see [14] – [17] above). After
considering the different factual matrixes, I decided that in all the cases
this was a significant distinguishing point. The sentences imposed were
considerably lower because the “offender’s capacity to appreciate the gravity
and significance of his criminal conduct” (Lim Ghim Peow at [35]) was
seriously inhibited. One could appreciate why specific deterrence had to be
tempered in such cases where “that offender’s mental disorder has seriously
inhibited his ability to make proper choices or appreciate the nature and
quality of his actions” (Lim Ghim Peow at [36]).

29 Indeed in Public Prosecutor v Tuti Aeliyah (CC 29/2015, unreported)
(“Tuti”) (case materials at Tab I of PP’s BOA), the accused “suffered from a
severe mental disorder namely severe depression with psychotic symptoms”
(report dated 29 October 2014, p 3) and had strong suicidal inclinations even
during remand. She stated (at p 2 of the report) that “she had heard Satan’s
voice asking to kill the deceased prior to the alleged offence” and that “she
does not know why she acted on the Satan’s voice”. The same report stated (at
pp 3 – 4) that, “[i]t is highly likely that her judgment at the material time
was significantly impaired due to her depressive cognitions, paranoid
persecutory delusions and auditory hallucinations”.

30 Additionally, I was minded to agree with the prosecution that the stated
principle in Lim Ghim Peow justified the lower sentences in the Annex A cases,
even though when analysed in detail, some features in the particular cases
appeared to be more grievous than our present case.

31 For instance, in Public Prosecutor v Than Than Win (CC 34/2015, unreported)
(case materials at Tab J of PP’s BOA), the deceased was stabbed 21 times and
the attack was a delayed reaction from a scolding many hours before (paras 9,
15 and 25 of SOF in the case materials). In Tuti, it was validly observed by
defence counsel that the victim (who was the accused’s employer’s 16-year-old
daughter) had no altercation with nor did she provoke the accused (para 63 of
Mitigation). I also took into consideration the defence’s submission that in
Public Prosecutor v Yati (CC 63/2015, unreported) (case materials at Tab K of
PP’s BOA) “there were elements of premeditation of the offence, the
vulnerability of the deceased and betrayal of trust and reliance reposed in
the Accused by the deceased and her family” and that Yati still required
psychiatric treatment (para 66 of Mitigation).

32 As for the factor of premeditation, the considerations logically overlapped
with those discussed above concerning the mental disorder. The discussion
herein will reinforce the conclusions reached regarding the present accused’s
mental state. The prosecution (para 3 of PP’s WS) analysed the fatal assault
against the deceased into three distinct acts (“Three-Act Analysis”):

(a) grabbing the deceased by the hair with both hands and swinging the
deceased’s head against the wall (“First Act”);

(b) slamming the back of the deceased’s already bleeding head against the edge
of a ceramic step (“Second Act”); and

(c) flipping the unconscious deceased face down into the swimming pool (“Third
Act”).

33 In their submissions (para 10 of PP’s WS), the prosecution argued that:

… The Accused had clearly demonstrated her ability to act with deliberation,
as can be seen from her conduct during the commission of the offence and her
efforts at concealing the offence after the event. The Second and Third Acts
committed by the Accused were indisputably deliberate because they were
consciously committed after the Accused had at least 10 minutes to compose
herself pursuant to the First Act. Specific deterrence therefore remains
relevant despite the Accused’s mental disorder. A sufficiently long term of
imprisonment is necessary to deter the Accused from committing further
offences in future.

34 I was of the view that the prosecution’s submissions were correct in fact
and law. The defence contended (para 47 of Mitigation) that the accused “did
not plan or had premeditate[d] to cause the death of the victim”, the incident
having resulted from the deceased’s provocation and sudden fight between them.
I found that even if the accused’s First Act could be regarded as the result
of her having “lost it”, there was a sufficient pause for her to compose
herself. There was also evidence that she was able to appreciate the gravity
and significance of her acts (paras 8 and 9 of SOF):

8\. … The Accused could hear the Deceased’s heart beating weakly.

9\. The Accused was worried that if the Deceased woke up and called the
police, she would be arrested. She then decided to place the Deceased’s body
in the swimming pool of the House so the Deceased would drown and not be able
to call the Police.

35 As a matter of fact, she was able to complete the execution of her quickly
conceived plan (para 10 of SOF). I pause here to observe that a short time
frame did not negate the presence of premeditation and deliberate calculation
as could be seen from the accused’s acts here. Her acts of flipping the
deceased face down into the swimming pool, returning to the deceased’s room to
retrieve her sandals and throwing them into the pool “to give the impression
that the deceased had committed suicide by drowning herself in the swimming
pool” (para 12 of SOF) were conscious acts attempting to conceal her offence
and revealed her capacity to appreciate the gravity and significance of her
criminal conduct. Her further acts were of the same nature: she cleaned up the
blood trail “by mopping the floor multiple times” [emphasis added]; wiped away
blood stains on the wall; changed into a new set of clothes; and soaked her
clothing previously worn in a pail to get rid of the blood stains (para 13 of
SOF). She rang the doorbell of her neighbour’s house only “[a]fter the Accused
thought that she had cleaned up all traces of blood” (para 14 of SOF). Her
ability to identify and obliterate the incriminating evidence and set the
stage for a cover story that the deceased had committed suicide spoke to the
level of thoughtfulness that must be taken into consideration when compared
with the other cases.

36 I was therefore not persuaded by the defence that all the three acts could
be viewed as emanating from the deceased’s provocative acts and resulting
“sudden fight” (para 47 of Mitigation). The accused herself admitted that she
acted “[p]ursuant to her plan” (para 10 of SOF) after the First Act and she
followed through to the point of ringing the doorbell of the neighbour’s house
(para 14 of SOF).

37 It was also suggested that the Second Act and Third Act were committed when
the accused was in “a confused and panic state” (para 56 of Mitigation). I
could not agree. The Second Act was driven by anger and revenge (para 10 of
SOF), not confusion or a “panic state”. As shown by the above analysis, the
accused’s Third Act and subsequent acts disclosed cold-blooded calculation as
she methodically did all that was required to conceal her crime and obliterate
the incriminating evidence. By the Second Act and Third Act, the accused
finished the job and decisively ensured the deceased’s death.

38 The defence took issue with the prosecution’s Three-Act Analysis above. It
was submitted that based on Dr Koh’s report dated 1 April 2015, there was no
evidence that the accused’s mental capacity was impaired in the First Act but
not the Second and Third Acts (Transcript, Day 1, p 45, lines 25 – 27). In my
view, the defence had misconstrued the purport of the prosecution’s
submissions. The prosecution was not suggesting that the accused’s abnormality
of mind only had an impact on, or was only relevant in respect of, the First
Act. Rather, the prosecution sought to highlight the level of deliberation and
calculation present in the Second and Third Acts to show that, as a whole, the
abnormality of mind suffered by the accused was not so severe as to rob her of
her capacity to appreciate the gravity and consequences of her actions.

39 I turn now to consider the prosecution’s reliance on the first group of
cases. The prosecution submitted that the present case was “analogous” (para
29 of PP’s WS) to Vitria, in that there were allegations of physical abuse and
instances of name-calling over the period of five days the accused worked for
her employer, who was “particular” and “impatient” ([31] of Vitria). The
prosecution also submitted that the culpability of the present accused was
“comparable” to the offenders in Vitria and Nurhayati (para 48 of PP’s WS).

40 I will consider Vitria first. After examining the factual matrix, I agreed
with the defence that the degree of premeditation involved in Vitria was more
aggravating than on our present facts (paras 57 and 58 of Mitigation and [32]
of Vitria). The Court of Appeal’s account of the premeditation in Vitria (at
[32]) should be highlighted:

We could not ignore the fact that Vitria’s acts were premeditated and were not
committed “in hot blood”. Everything was planned. The thought of killing the
deceased recurred in Vitria’s mind throughout the day after she was scolded
for her lapses in the household chores. Much time had elapsed between the
deceased scolding her and her deliberate action to kill the deceased. She
waited till the deceased was asleep before attacking her, intending to catch
her defenceless and at her most vulnerable moment. Vitria even considered that
her pillow was too small to smother the deceased and thus stuffed it with two
bed sheets. After she strangled the deceased, Vitria remained calm and
composed as she disposed of the bloodstained items. She had the presence of
mind to consider how to conceal her crime and admitted to putting up a “show”
by getting help from the driver of a passing taxi (see [6] above). This was
unlike those cases where the domestic worker’s acts were in spontaneous
response to some provocation (though not necessarily grave and sudden) from
the employer or where the intention to kill was only formed while the domestic
worker was engaged in a fight with the employer or the employer’s relative.
...

41 I was also ad idem with the defence that the Court of Appeal in Vitria had
given “due weight that [Vitria] did not suffer from any abnormality of mind”
(para 60 of Mitigation). The Court of Appeal carefully considered the point in
this way (at [33]):

We also noted that unlike the domestic workers in Juminem ([17] supra) and
Rohana who qualified for a plea of diminished responsibility, both Dr Phang
and Dr Pathy found that Vitria did not suffer from any mental illness or
abnormality of the mind. Instead, as Dr Pathy opined in her 2 June 2011
report, it was Vitria’s immaturity and low tolerance for frustration that
could have led her to choose “an inappropriate and tragic solution to her
difficulties with her employer” (see [13] above). This was not, however, a
sufficient excuse for the disproportionality of Vitria’s response. Although Dr
Pathy assessed Vitria to be of an “Extremely Low range of intelligence”, it
was not disputed that Vitria was aware of the nature and wrongfulness of her
acts when she committed the offence and demonstrated thought and planning in
committing the offence. …

[emphasis added]

42 Applying the principle in Lim Ghim Peow, the degree of mental
responsibility and culpability in Vitria must be higher than that of our
present accused, who was certified to have a recognised mental disorder that
qualified her under Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code (see 1 April 2015
psychiatric report and the discussion at [14] – [17] above).

43 The two issues discussed (premeditation and absence of mental illness or
abnormality of mind) and the need for deterrence in the public interest ([35]
of Vitria) were amongst the factors in the factual matrix which were
highlighted and led the Court of Appeal to find that an imprisonment term of
ten years imposed by the High Court was manifestly inadequate on the facts of
Vitria. Consequently, the sentence was increased to 20 years’ imprisonment.

44 In the considered view of the Court of Appeal in Vitria, the degree of
culpability in Vitria was similar to that in Purwanti (CA) (see [31] of
Vitria). Purwanti (CA) was a decision on s 304(a) of the Penal Code before the
amendments in Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 51 of 2007). With regard to
the punishment of imprisonment, at that point, the court only had the power to
impose either life imprisonment or an imprisonment term of up to ten years.
There was no option to impose an imprisonment term of up to 20 years, as is
the position now after the said amendments to the Penal Code.

45 Once again the premeditation that drove the offence in Purwanti (CA) was a
different kind from that present on our facts. In Public Prosecutor v Purwanti
Parji [2004] SGHC 224 (“Purwanti (HC)”), V K Rajah JC, sitting as the High
Court, summed that up (at [43]) as follows:

This is a disturbing case with a number of aggravating features pointing
unambiguously to a considerable degree of premeditation on the part of the
accused. The accused has unjustifiably and abominably caused a tragic death.

46 Earlier on in Purwanti (HC), Rajah JC expounded (at [39] and [40]) on this
point in the following manner:

39 It is apparent that the accused did not act spontaneously or instinctively
as a consequence of some grave and sudden or physical provocation[.] She bided
her time that morning until the deceased took a nap. She then wilfully
executed her desire and intention to kill the deceased. The systematic attempt
to cover up her involvement in the homicide fortifies my view that she had
carefully thought through the consequences of her conduct and the need to
meticulously conceal her role in the diabolical act.

40 I also take into account the fact that the accused had the presence of mind
to craftily simulate the appearance of a suicide soon after remorselessly
strangling the deceased. The accused with remarkable sangfroid telephoned the
police feigning ignorance about the deceased’s death. She consciously sought
out the neighbours and attempted to sow the seeds of a theory that the
deceased had taken her own life.

47 The sentence of the High Court of life imprisonment was affirmed by the
Court of Appeal. It was plain to see that the premeditation was regarded as an
aggravating factor (see [27] – [29] of Purwanti (CA)). Indeed it was
sufficient to trump the mitigating factor of the accused’s young age (she was
17 years old at the time of the offence) because she was “calculating” in her
offence ([34] and [35] of Purwanti (CA)).

48 Comparing Purwanti (CA) with our present case, it did not require much to
conclude that Purwanti deserved a heavier sentence. The First Act of the
present accused being committed “on the spur of the moment and in “hot blood””
([27] of Purwanti (CA)) following the verbal and physical abuse by the
deceased should be weighed in the balance. I repeat the point made above (at
[42]) about the present accused having an abnormality of mind. Purwanti did
not suffer from any mental illness as her own counsel pointed out ([22] of
Purwanti (CA)) although the Court of Appeal found that she was “of unstable
character” and likely to reoffend, which satisfied one of the conditions of
the Neo Man Lee v PP [1991] 1 SLR(R) 918 test for the imposition of life
imprisonment (see [22] and [23] of Purwanti (CA)).

49 Another precedent cited by the prosecution to support the imprisonment term
of 20 years was Nurhayati. This was a truly tragic case where the accused
pushed the employer’s 12-year-old daughter over the parapet wall of the 16th
floor of the HDB flat (para 16 of SOF in the case materials). She did so to
make her employer’s husband feel her pain and suffering while working for him
(para 20 of SOF in the case materials). She then executed an elaborate scheme
to conceal her crime, including a cover story that she was rendered
unconscious and the deceased had been kidnapped by two persons. She removed
all her clothes and laid on the mattress to suggest that she might have been
sexually assaulted by the kidnappers (paras 22 and 23 of SOF in the case
materials). The High Court imposed a sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment.

50 An insight into Nurhayati’s mental state was offered by Dr Parvathy Pathy
in the report dated 10 August 2011 (at para 5):

Even though Nurhayati can be diagnosed as having an Adjustment Disorder with
Depressed Mood, there is no evidence that it affected her perception of
physical acts and matters, her ability to form a rational judgment as to
whether an act is right or wrong and her ability to exercise willpower to
control physical acts in accordance with that rational judgment. As such she
did not suffer from an abnormality of mind at the time of the alleged offence.

51 Paragraph 28 of the SOF in the case materials added as follows:

While the Accused was not of unsound mind at the time of the offence, there
was evidence that she had difficulty adjusting to her work situation.
Psychological testing showed that the Accused was functioning in the
borderline range of intelligence.

52 With no abnormality of mind, Nurhayati displayed more thoughtful planning
and the factual matrix there warranted a heavier sentence than our present
case. Therefore in my judgment the sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment
advocated by the prosecution was not justified on our facts.

53 Finally, I considered Barokah, which was an “outlier” in the sense that it
did not fit neatly into the flow of the analysis that the dividing line
between the two groups of precedents was the presence of a serious mental
disorder that affected the offender’s appreciation of his criminal conduct
(see [26] above). Barokah did suffer from an abnormality of mind (ie, a
moderate depressive disorder) and yet Tay Yong Kwang J sentenced her to life
imprisonment. The case was unusual in that it was remitted to Tay J for a
second hearing (see Public Prosecutor v Barokah [2009] SGHC 46 (“Barokah 2”))
during which the defence took issue with Tay J’s earlier finding that the
accused also suffered from a “dependant personality disorder”. This led Tay J
to conclude that he was prepared to sentence the accused to life imprisonment
even if she did not suffer from a dependant personality disorder (Barokah 2 at
[72]). A key factor which influenced Tay J’s decision to impose this sentence
was the accused’s violent temperament and unstable employment history, which
led to his observation that there was “every likelihood that something will
flare up again and that someone in future will get hurt badly” (Barokah at
[61]). In my view, this last factor was clearly distinguishable from the
present case where Dr Koh had concluded that the present accused was unlikely
to reoffend (see [56] below).

54 In short, the culpability of the accused here appeared to be much higher
than that of the accused persons in the Annex A cases and yet not quite
equivalent to the culpability of those in the first group of cases. In
determining where exactly on the spectrum her culpability lay, I was mindful
of the sage advice of the Court of Appeal that “the question of [the]
appropriate sentence is fact-sensitive” ([31] of Vitria).

55 On the one hand, I took into account the fact that the accused was a young
(she was 18 years old at the time of offence), first- time offender who had
pleaded guilty to the charge. Also, her personal circumstances were extremely
unfortunate. As pointed out by the defence, she had been subject to abuse from
a young age (paras 5 and 44 of Mitigation) and was sent to work in an
unfamiliar environment without having had the benefit of the mandatory three-
month training for domestic helpers (paras 10 – 13 of Mitigation). Instead she
only received a “one (1) day crash course” (para 12 of Mitigation). To
exacerbate matters, she found herself being subject to ill-treatment by the
deceased from the first day of her employment (see Dr Koh’s report dated 9 May
2014 and para 15 of Mitigation).

56 Additionally, I took into account Dr Koh’s view that the accused had a
“good prognosis from a psychiatric viewpoint” (see paras (c), (f) and (g) of
Dr Koh’s psychiatric report dated 14 May 2015). The accused was unlikely to
pose a danger to herself and the circumstances of the present offence were
noted to be fairly unique and unlikely to be repeated (see para (e) of the
same report and para 39 of Mitigation). Dr Koh opined that, “[i]t would be
most appropriate though for her to be returned to her home country for her to
be with her family and receive their support” (para (f) of the same report and
para 40 of Mitigation). Expressed in another way, she has her whole life in
front of her.

57 Having said that, I noted that in Vitria, Purwanti (CA) and Nurhayati, due
to the aggravating factors present, the Court of Appeal considered it
appropriate to impose a severe sentence of either life imprisonment or 20
years’ imprisonment on the accused persons notwithstanding that they were
young offenders (see Vitria at [31]–[32] and Purwanti (CA) at [34]–[35]).
Similarly, in this regard, I could not ignore the brutality of the fatal
attack. The victim who was almost 70 years old would fall within the class of
vulnerable victims. Although I took account of the provocation by the
deceased, I found that the accused’s response was wholly out of proportion.
The First Act of grabbing the deceased’s hair and slamming the head “with all
the [accused’s] strength” (para 7 of SOF) against the wall was savage. The
Second Act was violently executed against an already unconscious victim, who
was totally at the accused’s mercy. The prosecution also highlighted that the
accused had “callously permitted the Deceased’s injured head to hit against a
few steps as she dragged the Deceased’s body to the pool” (para 24 of PP’s
WS). It should be noted that the medical examination showed that even if the
deceased had not drowned, “[h]er head injuries were sufficient enough in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death” (Dr Wee Keng Poh’s report dated 2
January 2015). The accused had clearly betrayed the trust reposed in her as
the deceased’s caregiver and had assaulted the deceased in the sanctity of her
home.

58 Bearing the above in mind, while there was some room for the rehabilitative
principle, there was no doubt that deterrence was the paramount consideration
here. Both general and specific deterrence were applicable on our facts. I had
already cited Lim Ghim Peow (at [35]) for the proposition that the offender’s
mental disorder “does not automatically reduce the importance of the principle
of general deterrence in sentencing”. In Vitria (at [20]), the Court of Appeal
agreed with Purwanti (HC) “that the sentencing considerations of retribution
and deterrence are particularly relevant in cases of physical violence
committed within the domestic worker-employer relationship” [emphasis added].
The Court of Appeal emphasised the “element of public interest in relation to
such offences” (at [20]; and see also [35]).

59 Specific deterrence was also relevant here. Having regard to the aim of
specific deterrence being “to deter the particular offender concerned from
committing any further offences” ([36] of Lim Ghim Peow), and that the offence
(especially the Second and Third Acts) involved elements of premeditation and
a “conscious choice to commit the offence” ([36] of Lim Ghim Peow), this
factor had to be given due weight.

60 Therefore, considering the totality of the circumstances, I decided that
the accused should be sentenced to an imprisonment term of 18 years, backdated
to the date of arrest.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Chee Min Ping and James Low (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
Mohamed Muzammil bin Mohamed (Muzammil & Company) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

