Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 72

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9174 of 2015

Between

TAN WEI  
  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Wei

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 72

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9174 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA  
17 March 2016

20 April 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 The principle that like cases should be treated alike is an integral part of
fairness. In criminal law, sentencing benchmarks and guidelines help to ensure
consistency in the court’s exercise of its wide sentencing discretion. They
also simplify the judicial task of coming to a just sentence. However, as the
present case demonstrates, sentencing benchmarks and guidelines must be
applied with care and sensitivity to the facts of each case. As much as
consistency in sentencing is an important aspect of fairness, the court must
never exercise its sentencing discretion in a purely formulaic manner.
Sentencing is always fact-sensitive. The court plays the important role of
tempering justice with mercy, and of making a well-rounded assessment of what
would be a fair sentence on the facts of each case.

Background facts

2 The appellant in the present appeal, Ms Tan Wei (“the Appellant”), pleaded
guilty to 11 charges under s 49(c) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev
Ed) (“TMA”) in the court below. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP pp153-154

She consented to 46 similar charges being taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP p154

All the charges related to her “[having] in [her] possession for the purpose
of trade” counterfeit luxury goods (bags, shoes, clothes, belts, watches,
accessories, etc). The counterfeit goods, which were seized from a retail shop
at No 810 Geylang Road, #02-25, City Plaza (“the #02-25 City Plaza shop”) and
the Appellant’s residence at Unit #15-02 of the same building (the Appellant’s
“#15-02 City Plaza residence”), all had the trade marks of various luxury
brands falsely applied on them. The district judge (“the DJ”) sentenced the
Appellant to an aggregate sentence of 14 months’ imprisonment, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP pp174-175, at [39]

and she has appealed against that sentence on the ground that it is manifestly
excessive.

3 The Appellant is a 33-year-old People’s Republic of China national. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of facts at para 2, ROP p43

She was involved in selling counterfeit luxury goods with her boyfriend, one
Chiu Yee Seng (“Chiu”), a 32-year-old Singapore national. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of facts at para 3, ROP p43

In August 2012, Chiu had registered a sole proprietorship running a total of
three shops selling counterfeit goods. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of facts at para 10, ROP p44

At that time, the Appellant assisted Chiu in manning the shops, and travelled
with him once to Guangzhou, China, to procure counterfeit goods. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of facts at para 10, ROP p44

For her assistance, the Appellant was paid a salary of between $2,000 and
$3,000 per month. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of facts at para 10, ROP p44

Additionally, part of the business proceeds were used to pay the rent for her
#15-02 City Plaza residence as well. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Statement of facts at para 15, ROP p45

4 In mid-November 2012, Chiu was arrested and imprisoned for drug offences. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of facts at para 11, ROP p44

After Chiu’s incarceration, the Appellant continued to run and manage the
three retail shops single-handedly, paying herself $2,000 per month. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of facts at paras 11, 14 and 15, ROP pp44-45

On a few occasions, she travelled alone to Guangzhou, China, to obtain more
counterfeit goods. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of facts at para 14, ROP p45

The counterfeit goods were priced at least 50% above the cost price; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of facts at para 14, ROP p45

but, given the varied nature of the goods involved (ranging from hair-clips to
larger items such as bags and shoes), the actual amount of profit earned per
infringing article ranged from a few dollars to $60. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 51

The Appellant hired two shop assistants and paid them around $1,100 to $1,200
per month. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of facts at para 14, ROP p45

She collected the sales proceeds from the shops every three to four days. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of facts at para 14, ROP p45

5 In early 2013, sometime after Chinese New Year, the Appellant requested
Chiu’s brother to ask Chiu, who was then still in prison, whether to close the
three shops as the tenancy agreements were expiring soon and the shops were
not making money. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Statement of facts at para 12, ROP p45

I was given to understand at the hearing that the Appellant, not being a
relative of Chiu, would not have been able to see Chiu in prison, and hence
had to go through Chiu’s brother. Chiu agreed to close two of the shops, but
asked the Appellant to maintain the #02-25 City Plaza shop, which had the
lowest rental, so as to clear the remaining stock. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of facts at para 12, ROP p45

The Appellant did as instructed. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of facts at para 13, ROP p45

The profits earned from the #02-25 City Plaza shop’s sales averaged $2,000 to
$3,000 per month, and increased to $4,000 to $5,000 per month during festive
periods. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of facts at para 15, ROP p45

There were, however, also periods where the shop’s revenue barely covered the
expenses incurred, which included the cost of renting the Appellant’s #15-02
City Plaza residence and other business expenses. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of facts at para 15, ROP p45

At all material times, the Appellant knew that the goods were counterfeit and
that it was an offence to sell them. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of facts at para 16, ROP p45

6 The police apprehended the Appellant on 15 November 2013. At about 12.50pm
that day, the police raided the #02-25 City Plaza shop and seized
approximately 1,700 counterfeit items. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of facts at para 6, ROP p43

At about 1.30pm on the same day, a follow-up raid was conducted at the
Appellant’s #15-02 City Plaza residence. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of facts at para 7, ROP p44

When the police arrived at the 15th floor of City Plaza, they found boxes of
branded women’s products scattered at the staircase landing. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of facts at para 7, ROP p44

Investigations revealed that the Appellant had received a tip-off from a
customer that the police were checking on the #02-25 City Plaza shop, and had
therefore moved the counterfeit goods to the staircase landing on the 15th
floor. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of facts at para 7, ROP p44

When the police knocked on her door, however, the Appellant responded and
admitted that the boxes of women’s products at the staircase landing were
hers, and that the #02-25 City Plaza shop was run by her as well. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Statement of facts at para 8, ROP p44

The police seized approximately 3,900 counterfeit items from the Appellant’s
#15-02 City Plaza residence and the staircase landing. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of facts at para 9, ROP p44

The decision below

7 In arriving at his sentencing decision, which is reported as Public
Prosecutor v Tan Wei [2015] SGDC 287 (“the Judgment”), the DJ took the
following factors into account:

(a) The harm caused, based on the “nature and extent” of the infringement, and
bearing in mind the following facts (see the Judgment at [29]): 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

The Judgment at [29], ROP pp171-172

(i) the Appellant operated the business on her own from mid-November 2012,
when Chiu was incarcerated;

(ii) the goods concerned infringed the trade marks of luxury brands;

(iii) the goods were sold at prices marked up by at least 50%;

(iv) the goods were sold at a shopping mall that was easily accessible to the
public; and

(v) the business earned enough to pay for the rental of the #02-25 City Plaza
shop, the salaries of two shop assistants and the Appellant’s $2,000 monthly
salary.

(b) The Appellant’s level of involvement in the business was “moderate”,
taking into account the fact that: (i) she did not act alone, but instead
acted together with Chiu; (ii) she ran the business single-handedly from mid-
November 2012 after Chiu’s incarceration; (iii) she hired two shop assistants;
(iv) she went to China to procure more counterfeit goods by herself; and (v)
she was responsible for collecting the sales proceeds from the shops (see the
Judgment at [32]–[34]).

(c) The Appellant was a first-time offender who had pleaded guilty (see the
Judgment at [35.1]).

8 Following the sentencing guideline laid down in Goik Soon Guan v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 655 (“Goik Soon Guan”) of six to seven months’
imprisonment for each charge under s 49(c) of the TMA in “moderate”
involvement cases, the DJ imposed imprisonment terms of between one and seven
months for each of the 11 charges proceeded with (depending on the number of
infringing articles involved in each charge). He ordered three of the
sentences (viz, the sentences for the charges in District Arrest Cases Nos
916470 of 2014 (“DAC 916470/2014”), 916473 of 2014 (“DAC 916473/2014”) and
916497 of 2014 (“DAC 916497/2014”)) to run consecutively, bringing the total
sentence to imprisonment of 14 months. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

The Judgment at [39] and [40], ROP pp174-175

The Appellant’s arguments on appeal

9 The appellant’s counsel, Mr Mervyn Tan (“Mr Tan”), submits that the
aggregate sentence of 14 months’ imprisonment which the DJ imposed is
manifestly excessive for the following reasons:

(a) The Appellant is a first-time offender with no previous criminal record.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 2.1

(b) The Appellant’s involvement was, at worst, at the lower end of the
moderate spectrum because she was merely Chiu’s “runner” and an employee
receiving a fixed salary. She was not the owner of the business. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 2.2 and 2.3

(c) The Appellant merely carried out Chiu’s instructions and continued the
business after Chiu’s incarceration because she was under “some form of
psychological duress” from Chiu. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 2.5.3, 2.5.6 and 2.5.7

(d) The majority of the infringing articles were not big-ticket items and the
business was not always profitable. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 2.4 and 2.5.1

(e) The Appellant is a single mother with a young child. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 2.5.4

10 Mr Tan also cites the case of Public Prosecutor v Li Na [2015] SGDC 260
(“PP v Li Na”), where the offender was sentenced to an aggregate imprisonment
term of six months and two weeks for operating a shop selling counterfeit
goods sourced from Guangzhou, China, over a period of approximately three
months. There were approximately 861 infringing articles involved, and the
offender had two similar prior convictions, for both of which she had only
been fined. Mr Tan submits that in view of the larger number of aggravating
factors present in PP v Li Na, the aggregate sentence of 14 months’
imprisonment which the Appellant received is manifestly excessive.

The applicable sentencing principles

11 An offender who is convicted of an offence under s 49(c) of the TMA is
liable to “a fine not exceeding $10,000 for each goods or thing to which the
trade mark is falsely applied (but not exceeding in the aggregate $100,000) or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both”. In my previous
decision in Goik Soon Guan, I considered the appropriate sentencing principles
and benchmarks for a s 49(c) TMA offence. This appeal presents an opportunity
for those guidelines to be revisited and refined.

12 In Goik Soon Guan at [32], I held that a good starting point was to
consider the offender’s level of involvement in the whole operation relating
to the s 49(c) TMA offence. Three different levels of involvement were
identified:

(a) low involvement, where the offender was merely an employee (see Goik Soon
Guan at [35]);

(b) moderate involvement, where the offender owned and operated the business,
but the scale of the business was generally quite small (eg, a small shop)
(see Goik Soon Guan at [34]); and

(c) high involvement, where the offender ran a relatively large-scale or
complex operation, and/or was heavily involved in many levels of the “trade or
manufacture” of counterfeit products, including manufacturing or sourcing for
the products, distributing the products to other retailers and/or selling the
infringing products (see Goik Soon Guan at [33]).

13 Having considered the relevant case precedents, I held in Goik Soon Guan
that the starting point for sentencing for a s 49(c) TMA offence should vary
based on the offender’s level of involvement (at [38]):

… [F]or cases with low involvement by the offender, the sentencing range would
be from two to four months’ imprisonment for each charge. For cases with
moderate involvement by the offender, the sentencing range would be from six
to seven months’ imprisonment for each charge. For cases with high involvement
by the offender …, the sentencing range would be from ten to 20 months’
imprisonment for each charge. [emphasis in bold in original]

14 I emphasise that the above sentencing guidelines merely provide a starting
point. The actual sentence meted out for each s 49(c) TMA charge should be
determined only after the following factors, among others, have been taken
into account as well:

(a) the size of the offender’s business;

(b) the number of employees in the offender’s business;

(c) the financial figures relating to the offender’s business (in terms of
both revenue and profits);

(d) whether a syndicate was involved;

(e) the number of infringing articles involved;

(f) the nature and value of the infringing articles;

(g) the duration of the infringement;

(h) the manner of infringement and the degree of permanence in the offender’s
dealings with the infringing articles (eg, whether the offender had a
shopfront); and

(i) whether compensation was made to the affected trade mark owners.

15 These factors were mentioned and discussed in Goik Soon Guan, and I
reiterate what I stated there. I would also add that particularly in the
context of a s 49(c) TMA offence, which typically involves a significant
number of variables, the court must be especially careful not to be overly
formulaic in its approach. Having considered the facts and the issues arising
in the present appeal, I would make several additional observations to
supplement the sentencing framework outlined in Goik Soon Guan.

16 First, Mr Tan has pointed out to this court that looking purely at the
number of infringing articles involved may not accurately reflect the scale of
the offender’s operations or the gravity of his wrongdoing. I find some merit
in this submission. It would be inaccurate to assess the gravity of a s 49(c)
TMA offence by looking at the number of infringing articles in isolation,
without also taking into account their nature (including their value). For
example, as the learned deputy public prosecutor, Ms Tan Si En (“Ms Tan”), has
confirmed, a pair of earrings or a pair of shoes would count as two items (by
virtue of the fact that a pair consists of two articles), whereas a single
article such as a hair-clip or a hair-tie would count as one item, and
likewise for single items of a larger size and/or a higher value such as a bag
or a play-station. It is therefore important that the court does not simply
compare the total number of infringing articles with past precedents without
taking into account the nature of the infringing articles involved. As an
illustration, it would probably be fair to say that an offender who is found
selling 500 hair-clips or 500 pairs of earrings is guilty of a less serious
offence than another offender selling 100 counterfeit play-stations, in that
the value of the infringing articles in the former scenario would, in all
likelihood, be significantly lower. Yet, if the court were to simply compare
the number of infringing articles involved, the scale of the operations in the
former scenario would seem to be much larger.

17 Second, caution must be exercised when assessing the gravity of a s 49(c)
TMA offence based on the number of charges which the offender faces. In this
regard, Ms Tan has informed the court that the number of charges brought
against an offender depends on the class of goods involved and the number of
trade mark proprietors affected. A separate charge is brought for each class
of goods, as well as for each instance of infringing a different trade mark
proprietor’s intellectual property rights. In other words, the more diverse
the trade marks falsely applied and the wider the range of goods sold by an
offender, the higher the number of charges he will face. In my view, the court
should not automatically treat the totality of an offender’s wrongdoing as
being more serious merely because a greater number of charges are brought
against him. The point I wish to underscore here is that the wrongful use of a
wider range of trade marks and/or the sale of a wider range of infringing
goods does not ipso facto mean that greater harm is therefore caused. Equally
pertinent factors in this regard are (among others) the number and the nature
of the infringing articles, as well as their value – items of modest value
cannot be treated in the same way as big-ticket items. Therefore, care must be
exercised when comparing the number of charges in a case with sentencing
precedents.

18 A further point should be made in this regard. The sentencing guidelines
articulated in Goik Soon Guan (and cited at [13] above) operate on a per
charge basis. Where three or more charges are preferred against an offender,
the sentences of at least two of the charges (and normally, it would not be
more than two charges) would be ordered to run consecutively (see s 307(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) and Mohamed Shouffee bin
Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Mohamed Shouffee”) at [80]).
Therefore, the number of charges brought against an offender could affect the
harshness of his total sentence. Take, for example, an offender who sets up a
business selling solely counterfeit Prada bags, as compared to an offender who
sells an equal number of bags bearing a greater variety of counterfeit trade
marks. The offender in the latter scenario would face many more charges due to
his false application of a wider range of trade marks. All things being equal,
however, the sentence received by the offender in each of these scenarios
should not differ too greatly. The court should ensure that an offender facing
three or more charges is not punished significantly more harshly than an
offender facing less than three charges. In such situations, the court should
scrutinise the facts carefully and calibrate the sentence appropriately, so
that where an offender’s culpability is broadly the same as that of another
offender, there should not be great disparity in their sentences even if the
number of charges brought against them is different.

19 As new fact patterns come before the court, further refinements to the
application of the sentencing principles and guidelines discussed above will
need to be made. What is important to bear in mind in this regard is that as
much as these benchmark sentences and guidelines are helpful, the court must
ultimately ensure that in each case, the overall sentence matches the gravity
of the offence(s) committed.

Was the sentence imposed by the DJ manifestly excessive?

20 In the course of the submissions before this court, the sentence imposed on
the Appellant was compared primarily with three sentencing precedents, namely,
Goik Soon Guan, PP v Li Na and Public Prosecutor v Goh Chor Guan [2010] SGDC
336 (“Goh Chor Guan”). Having considered these precedents and the relevant
sentencing principles set out above, I find the aggregate sentence of 14
months’ imprisonment which the DJ imposed manifestly excessive. In my view,
having regard to the Appellant’s role in the entire counterfeit operation, her
aggregate sentence should be reduced to nine months’ imprisonment.

21 As explained in Goik Soon Guan at [32], a good starting point is to
consider the offender’s level of involvement in the entire counterfeit
operation. In the present case, the DJ held that the Appellant’s involvement
in the business was “at the very least in the ‘moderate’ category” (see the
Judgment at [34]). In making this finding, the DJ took into account the fact
that the Appellant: (a) ran the #02-25 City Plaza shop single-handedly from
mid-November 2012 to November 2013; (b) employed two shop assistants; (c) went
to China a few times on her own to procure further counterfeit goods; and (d)
was responsible for collecting the sales proceeds from the shops (see the
Judgment at [33]; see also [7(b)] above). On behalf of the Appellant, Mr Tan
submits that the Appellant, at the worst, falls within the “lower end of the
moderate spectrum” rather than the “moderate” category simpliciter because
Chiu was the real person in charge, whereas the Appellant was essentially a
“glorified employee” receiving a fixed salary as opposed to a share of the
business’s profits. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 2.2 and 2.3

In response, Ms Tan submits, on behalf of the Prosecution, that the fact that
the Appellant was receiving a fixed salary does not in itself mean that she
was simply an employee; the question remains as to what her role in the
business was.

22 I accept Mr Tan’s submission that the Appellant’s involvement was at the
lower end of the moderate category. In my view, it is clear that from August
to mid-November 2012, prior to Chiu’s incarceration, the Appellant was a mere
employee and her involvement fell within the “low” category. Things did change
after Chiu’s incarceration. The three shops continued in operation (until
early 2013 for two of the shops), and the Appellant appears to have assumed a
more managerial role, which involved tasks such as collecting the sales
proceeds from the shops and travelling to China to source for more counterfeit
goods on her own. It seems to me, however, that the Appellant never became the
owner or completely in charge of the business even after Chiu was
incarcerated. In particular, it is significant that in early 2013, she
consulted Chiu about whether to close the three shops and did exactly as Chiu
instructed her to. This suggests that even after Chiu’s incarceration, the
Appellant never fully assumed the role of the boss or the owner of the
business. She simply continued to assist Chiu in keeping his business afloat
while he served his prison sentence.

23 Although the Appellant was undeniably the de facto person running the
business while Chiu was in prison, it is fair to say that she only had
operational control, but never had the power to direct the scale or the
development of the business. She still deferred to Chiu in those regards.
Indeed, while I agree with the Prosecution that the mere fact that the
Appellant was receiving a fixed salary did not necessarily reduce her level of
involvement in the business to that of a mere employee, the fact that she
treated the business’s profits as belonging to Chiu (and only obtained a
salary from the business without sharing in the profits) shows that she did
not own the business; nor was she totally in charge. Therefore, although the
Appellant was certainly not a mere employee so as to fall into the “low”
involvement category, she was not the typical business owner running her own
small business selling counterfeit goods either. I therefore find that the DJ
erred in classifying the Appellant’s involvement as simply falling within the
“moderate” category, and instead accept Mr Tan’s submission that her level of
involvement fell within the lower end of the “moderate” category.

24 Moving on to consider the sentencing precedents cited, I find it difficult
to accept the DJ’s ruling that the present case is “similar but slightly more
serious” than Goh Chor Guan (see the Judgment at [36]–[37]). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP p 174

In Goh Chor Guan, the offender was charged and convicted under s 49(c) of the
TMA for possessing counterfeit apparel and bags for the purpose of trade, and
was sentenced to 13 months’ imprisonment. The offender and his wife ran a
business selling counterfeit apparel and bags sourced from Guangzhou, China.
They set up makeshift stalls at various housing estates to sell the goods, and
also appeared to have operated two shops. Furthermore, they used their
residence to store the counterfeit goods shipped from China. A total of 4,073
infringing goods were involved, taking into account both the five charges
proceeded with and the ten charges which were taken into consideration. I
would add that the judge in Goh Chor Guan found that the offences were
“premeditated and well organized” (at [9]). He also held that the offender was
“the prime mover in importing and selling [the] counterfeit goods”, and was
“assisted by his wife” (at [9]).

25 The number of infringing items involved in Goh Chor Guan is quite
comparable to that in the present case. While it is arguable that the initial
scale of the business in the present case was not dissimilar to that in Goh
Chor Guan, that was no longer so after the Appellant closed two of the three
shops in early 2013. Moreover, there is one key point of difference. Unlike
the offender in Goh Chor Guan, the Appellant was not in charge of the entire
business and did not own it; she was only the temporary manager. Furthermore,
the duration of the infringement in Goh Chor Guan was close to two years (from
February 2008 to January 2010), unlike the infringement in the present case,
which was for about a year from mid-November 2012 to November 2013 (viz, the
period during which the Appellant ran the business single-handedly following
Chiu’s incarceration). Bearing all these factors in mind, I am of the view
that the offender’s wrongdoing in Goh Chor Guan was more serious than the
Appellant’s wrongdoing in the present case.

26 Mr Tan has sought to persuade me that the present case is less serious than
PP v Li Na, where the offender was sentenced to an aggregate imprisonment term
of only six months and two weeks. The key facts of PP v Li Na were described
at [10] above and do not have to be repeated here. It suffices to say that I
have some difficulties in accepting Mr Tan’s submissions on this point. In my
view, the present case is more serious than PP v Li Na because the duration of
the infringement is far longer (about a year, compared to approximately three
months in PP v Li Na), and the scale of the business is also significantly
larger. In PP v Li Na, the offender operated only one shop and was found with
less than a thousand infringing articles in her possession. In the present
case, the Appellant, for a few months at least, operated three shops. Further,
more than 3,000 infringing articles are involved in the present case even if I
take into account only the 11 charges which the Appellant pleaded guilty to;
more than 6,000 infringing articles are involved if the charges taken into
consideration are included (see [18] of the Judgment). Of course, I recognise
that in PP v Li Na, the offender was the owner of the business, whereas the
Appellant here was only the temporary manager of the business; I also note
that the offender in PP v Li Na had two prior similar convictions (for both of
which she only received fines). Still, weighing up all the pertinent factors,
I find that the Appellant deserves a heavier aggregate sentence than that
meted out in PP v Li Na.

27 Turning now to Goik Soon Guan, the Prosecution submits that the aggregate
sentence of nine months’ imprisonment which this court imposed in that case,
on appeal by the offender, was justified because the offender had voluntarily
made compensation of $100,000 to the affected trade mark proprietors. In Goik
Soon Guan, the offender sold bedding products on which trade marks of well-
known brands such as Disney, Hello Kitty, Doraemon, Thomas and Friends as well
as Manchester United Football Club had been falsely applied. The products were
sourced from Guangzhou, China. The offender rented a shop, and also operated
out of temporary makeshift stalls located at night markets and outside shops
in heartland areas. At the trial, the Prosecution proceeded with four charges:
one under s 49(c) of the TMA, which involved a total of 3,015 infringing
products, and three under s 136(2)(b) of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“CA”), which involved approximately 3,400 infringing articles. (For
present purposes, the s 136(2)(b) CA offence can be taken to be the copyright
equivalent of the s 49(c) TMA offence as the two offences are, in essence,
very much the same and also carry the same sentence.) At first instance, the
district judge sentenced the offender to an aggregate sentence of 15 months’
imprisonment. On appeal to the High Court, that aggregate sentence was reduced
to nine months’ imprisonment.

28 The scale of the operations in Goik Soon Guan is quite similar to that in
the present case: approximately 3,000 infringing articles were involved in the
TMA charge(s) proceeded with in both cases, and the offenders in both cases
ran relatively small-scale businesses, but owned or operated more than one
shop (by which I include the temporary makeshift stalls operated in Goik Soon
Guan) during the period of the infringement. Certain factual aspects of Goik
Soon Guan tend to make the offender’s wrongdoing in that case more serious
than the Appellant’s wrongdoing in the present case, namely: (a) the offender
in Goik Soon Guan was still operating more than one shop at the time of his
arrest, whereas the Appellant operated only one shop (viz, the #02-25 City
Plaza shop) at the time she was arrested in November 2013, having, much
earlier that year, closed the other two shops originally set up by Chiu (see
[5] above); (b) the profit margins of the offender in Goik Soon Guan were far
higher in percentage terms (up to 90%) than the Appellant’s profit margins;
(c) the offender in Goik Soon Guan owned the business concerned, whereas the
Appellant did not; and (d) a far greater number of infringing items were
involved in the charges proceeded with in Goik Soon Guan (this does not,
however, detract from what I said earlier at [16] above about the importance
of not looking at the number of infringing articles involved in isolation). At
the same time, however, the following factors in Goik Soon Guan tend to make
the offender’s wrongdoing in that case less serious than the Appellant’s
wrongdoing: (a) the offender in Goik Soon Guan sold only bedding products,
whereas the Appellant sold many types of luxury goods (see [2] above); (b) the
profit margins of the offender in Goik Soon Guan amounted, in absolute terms,
to only $9 (see Goik Soon Guan at [41]), whereas the Appellant’s profit
margins in absolute terms, although only a few dollars for smaller items such
as earrings, were as high as $60 for larger items such as bags; and (c) the
offender in Goik Soon Guan voluntarily made compensation of $100,000 to the
trade mark owners concerned.

29 All things considered, I find, on balance, that the Appellant’s s 49(c) TMA
offences can be said to be of similar gravity to the offences in Goik Soon
Guan (viz, one s 49(c) TMA offence and three s 136(2)(b) CA offences).
However, while I categorised the offender’s level of involvement in Goik Soon
Guan as being “somewhere in the moderate to high involvement band” (at [40])
due to his ownership of the business concerned, I find, in contrast, that the
Appellant’s level of involvement in the present case falls within the lower
end of the moderate category (see [22]–[23] above). This is because the
Appellant was, in essence, an employee, albeit one who, owing to the
circumstances, also temporarily managed the business on behalf of Chiu, the
owner, while the latter was incarcerated.

30 At this juncture, I should explain why, in Goik Soon Guan, an aggregate
imprisonment term of only nine months – the same length as that which I am
imposing in the present appeal – was meted out despite the offender’s higher
level of involvement and the far greater number of infringing articles in the
former. This was because of the offender’s voluntary payment of compensation
of $100,000 to the affected trade mark owners. In this regard, it is important
to note – and I emphasise this point – that while the payment of compensation
is a mitigating factor, it does not follow that the non-payment of
compensation amounts to an aggravating factor. As I mentioned earlier in this
judgment, sentencing is invariably a fact-sensitive exercise which requires
careful judgment, and does not lend itself to an excessively formulaic
approach. The remorse of an offender must be assessed holistically, with any
compensation paid being but one factor in that holistic assessment.

31 Mr Tan submits that the absence of compensation by the Appellant in the
present case should not be held against her because she does not have the
means to offer compensation to the trade mark proprietors concerned. I agree.
Although there is slim evidence on the Appellant’s means, what evidence there
is before this court shows that the Appellant earned only $2,000 per month at
the time she was managing the business; she also has a young child to support.
Furthermore, as mentioned at [29] above, the Appellant was essentially an
employee, albeit one who was temporarily managing the business due to the
circumstances. (Indeed, this factor also accounts for my decision to classify
the Appellant’s involvement as being at the lower end of the moderate
spectrum; if the Appellant had in fact been the owner-cum-manager of the
business, I would have put her level of involvement in the clear moderate
category.) On the facts before me, I do not think that the Appellant’s non-
payment of compensation similar to that made in Goik Soon Guan warrants
imposing a stiffer sentence on her; she should be sentenced appropriately
without treating her non-payment of compensation as an aggravating factor. I
reiterate that the length of the aggregate imprisonment sentence imposed in
Goik Soon Guan is, as explained at [30] above, due to the mitigating effect of
the offender’s voluntary payment of compensation in that case. As the
appellate judge who decided Goik Soon Guan, I am in a position to say that if
not for this factor, the aggregate imprisonment sentence which I would have
imposed on the offender would have been longer than that which I am imposing
on the Appellant in the present appeal.

32 Given my ruling that the Appellant’s involvement in the business was at the
lower end of the moderate category, and that her s 49(c) TMA offences were
less serious than those in Goh Chor Guan, but more serious than those in PP v
Li Na and of similar gravity to the s 49(c) TMA and the s 136(2)(b) CA
offences in Goik Soon Guan (after giving credit for the compensation made by
the offender in that case), I find that the aggregate sentence of 14 months’
imprisonment which the DJ imposed is manifestly excessive, and that a total
imprisonment term of nine months is more appropriate. Accordingly, I would
reduce the sentences meted out by the DJ for the Appellant’s offences as
follows:

Case No.| No. of goods| DJ’s sentence  
(No. of months)| My sentence  
(No. of months)  
---|---|---|---  
DAC 916389/2014| 13| 3| 2  
DAC 916468/2014| 44| 3| 2  
DAC 916470/2014| 124| 6| 4  
DAC 916473/2014| 2,711| 7| 5  
DAC 916478/2014| 16| 3| 2  
DAC 916483/2014| 297| 6| 4  
DAC 916486/2014| 425| 6| 4  
DAC 916492/2014| 22| 3| 2  
DAC 916496/2014| 17| 3| 2  
DAC 916497/2014| 3| 1| 1  
DAC 916498/2014| 24| 3| 2  
  
33 In addition, unlike the DJ, who ordered the sentences for three of the
Appellant’s offences to run consecutively, I am ordering only two of the
sentences – viz, those for the offences in DAC 916470/2014 and DAC 916473/2014
(as highlighted in bold in the table above) – to run consecutively. The rest
of the sentences are to run concurrently. This is because all of the
Appellant’s offences arose, in essence, from the same business operation, and
there are no exceptional circumstances which warrant ordering more than two of
the sentences to run consecutively (see Mohamed Shouffee at [80]).

Conclusion

34 In conclusion, for the reasons set out above, I allow the Appellant’s
appeal against her sentence. I find the aggregate sentence of 14 months’
imprisonment which the DJ imposed manifestly excessive, and substitute it with
an aggregate sentence of nine months’ imprisonment.

Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal

Mervyn Tan (Anthony Law Corporation) for the appellant;  
Tan Si En (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

