Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 123

Criminal Case No 23 of 2015

Public Prosecutor

v

Zaini bin Mohamed Noor

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] – [Illegally
importing controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Zaini bin Mohamed Noor

[2016] SGHC 123

High Court — Criminal Case No 23 of 2015  
Choo Han Teck J  
31 March; 1–2, 7, 9 April 2015; 26–28 April, 3–4 May 2016

4 July 2016 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, Zaini bin Mohamed Noor (“Zaini”), a 53-year-old Singaporean, is
tried for a charge under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“MDA”) for illegally importing not less than 771.1g of methamphetamine into
Singapore. It is not disputed that on 27 October 2011, Zaini drove a green
“Proton Gen 2” motorcar bearing the registration number SGS 961T (“the car”)
from Singapore to Johor Bahru and back. On his way back to Singapore at around
2.15pm, he was stopped at the Woodlands Checkpoint by officers from the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”). The officers found, concealed below the
radio compartment of the car, four packets wrapped in black tape. Each of the
four packets contained crystalline substances. Forensic laboratory analysis
established that the four packets cumulatively contained not less than 771.1g
of methamphetamine.

2 In making out the charge against Zaini, the issues before this court are
whether Zaini knew that the packets were hidden in the car, and knew that the
packets contained methamphetamine. As Zaini was the person who was driving the
car when the packets were found in it, he is presumed under s 21 of the MDA to
be in possession of the methamphetamine. Further, by s 18(2) of the MDA, he is
presumed to have known the nature of the drugs in his possession (ie that the
drugs in his possession was methamphetamine). The onus is on him to rebut both
presumptions on a balance of probabilities.

3 Zaini claims that he did not know anything about the hidden packets, much
less that they contained methamphetamine. In his statements to the CNB
recorded between 27 October 2011 and 23 May 2012, he said that an unknown male
had instructed him to drive the car from Singapore to Johor Bahru for
servicing, and then drive it back to Singapore afterwards. Zaini was first
tried before me between March and April 2015, but the hearing was adjourned
before the close of the Prosecution’s case because defence counsel said that
they have new information and the authorities needed more time to carry out
further investigations. It transpired that Zaini had given a fresh statement
to the CNB on 20 March 2015, just one week before the commencement of this
trial on 31 March 2015. In that statement, Zaini said that it was one Haroun
who had instructed him to drive the car from Singapore to Johor Bahru and
back. As it turned out, one Jamalludin (“Jama”) also decided at around the
same time to come forward as a witness for the Defence.

4 When the hearing resumed I called on Zaini to enter upon his defence. Zaini
elected to testify. He says that he was looking to earn extra cash when his
nephew Amin introduced him to a friend, Haroun. Haroun is the registered owner
of the green “Proton Gen 2” motorcar bearing the registration number SGS 961T,
that is, the car that Zaini was driving on 27 October 2011 and from which the
methamphetamine was recovered. Zaini says that Haroun wanted him to drive the
car from Singapore to the “Extra Shopping Centre” at Johor Bahru. Zaini was to
park the car beside the shopping centre, and thereafter leave the car
unattended for about 30 to 45 minutes, while leaving the car doors unlocked
and the car key exposed inside the car. Haroun told him that someone will
service the car during the 30 to 45 minutes, and that Zaini was to return to
the car after this period and to drive the car back to Singapore. Zaini
maintains that Haroun never told him that drugs would be placed inside the
car. He agreed to help Haroun because Haroun offered to pay him $100 for the
job and he felt that it was an easy way to earn money. The trip on 27 October
2011 was in fact the second trip that he made on behalf of Haroun; Zaini had
made an earlier trip to Johor Bahru and back in the same car on 23 September
2011 on the same instructions. Zaini says that he duly carried out Haroun’s
instructions because he did not suspect that there were any illegal business
involved and also because he was afraid that he might lose the job if he had
asked questions. In his earlier statements recorded between 27 October 2011
and 23 September 2011, he told the CNB officers that he did not know the
identity of the person who had instructed him to drive the car to Johor Bahru
and back because he was afraid that his nephew, Amin, may be implicated.

5 Amin (PW24), Haroun (PW29), and one Noor Bahri bin Noordin (“AB”) (PW28)
testified as witnesses for the Prosecution. They say that Zaini had asked to
borrow the car and had told them that he wanted to use the car to drive his
girlfriend around. Zaini first told Amin that he wanted to borrow a car, and
Amin in turn asked his friend AB if he knew anyone who owned a car. AB decided
to ask Haroun, and Haroun agreed to do the favour even though he had
previously not met Zaini before. On both occasions (ie on 23 September 2011
and 27 October 2011), Haroun met up with Zaini to hand over the car, and AB
was present but not Amin. Haroun denies that he had ever given Zaini any money
to drive the car, and both Amin and AB say that they had never witnessed
Haroun giving Zaini any money.

6 To contradict the evidence of Haroun, Amin and AB, the Defence called one
Jamalludin (“Jama”) (DW2). Jama says that he received a call from Haroun in
the evening of 27 October 2011 after Zaini’s arrest. Haroun requested to meet
Jama urgently, at their regular meeting place at a coffeeshop at Blk 95,
Lorong 4, Toa Payoh (the “Blk 95 coffeeshop”). When Jama arrived at the
coffeeshop, Haroun was already there. Shortly after, Amin and AB arrived
together in a taxi. Haroun paid their taxi fare. In Amin’s and AB’s presence,
Haroun then handed $3,500 to Jama and asked him to pass the money to Mr Jason
Dendroff. It transpired that Jama has been working as the manager at Mr Jason
Dendroff’s law firm even before 27 October 2011, and is presently still in
that appointment. Haroun told Jama that the money was for Mr Dendroff to
engage a lawyer “to check on Zaini’s statements”. Jama told Haroun that he did
not think that any lawyer would be able “to check on Zaini’s statements”, but
took the money from Jama nonetheless. In court, he testifies that he did hand
the money to Mr Dendroff. He also says that at the Blk 95 coffeeshop on 27
October 2011, he witnessed Haroun instructing Amin and AB that should they be
approached by the CNB in connection with Zaini’s case, they should all say
that it was Zaini who asked to borrow Haroun’s car for the purpose of meeting
his girlfriend. Haroun also testifies that he subsequently attended another
meeting with Haroun, Amin and AB at the Blk 95 coffeeshop on a second
occasion. At the time of that meeting, Haroun, Amin and AB had already given
their statements to the CNB, and Haroun was “scrutinising” what each had said
to the CNB to make sure that their statements were consistent.

7 I find that neither Zaini, nor Haroun, AB, and Amin, have been completely
truthful in court. Jama has also not been completely forthright in giving his
testimony. Zaini’s claim that he was instructed (whether by Haroun or an
unknown individual) to drive the car to Johor Bahru for servicing is
incredible. The circumstances were highly suspicious. If the purpose of the
trip to Johor Bahru was to get the car serviced, why was Zaini not asked to
drive the car to a car serving workshop in Johor Bahru? Instead, he was asked
to drive the car to a shopping centre in Johor Bahru. By his own testimony, he
was specifically instructed to leave the car unattended by the shopping
centre, with the car door unlocked and the car key placed on top of the
steering wheel unconcealed. These are instructions that no reasonable car
owner would likely give, and yet Zaini maintains that he never questioned the
instructions nor found them odd. He says that he went shopping during the 30
to 45 minutes that the car was left unattended. But he also says that when he
returned to the car after he had done his shopping, he went around the car to
check that it was free from damage. Putting aside the question of why Zaini
would be concerned that the car may be damaged if he genuinely believed that
the car had just been serviced, the caution exercised by Zaini at that point
towards the condition of the car is inconsistent with how he had earlier
readily left the car unattended. Further, it seems to me that 30 to 45 minutes
is hardly enough time for a car to be serviced. Zaini maintains that that was
sufficient time, but he was, by his own evidence, never told which car
servicing workshop would be servicing the car, how far that workshop was from
Extra Shopping Centre, or the extent of servicing which was to be done to the
car. He also did not question why the owner of the car was willing to pay him
$100 for an easy task of driving the car to Johor Bahru for some very quick
servicing, or why the car needed servicing again barely a month after he had
driven it to Johor Bahru for the same purpose on 23 September 2011. Despite
the highly suspicious circumstances, Zaini claims that he truly believed that
his task was simply to drive the car to Johor Bahru for servicing and then to
drive it back, and that he did not suspect that he was being made used of to
facilitate an illegal transaction. I do not believe him. Accordingly, I am of
the view that Zaini fails to rebut the presumptions of possession and
knowledge under ss 21 and 18(2) of the MDA.

8 As for the evidence from Haroun, Amin and AB, all three deny that they had
colluded on what to tell the CNB with respect to their involvement in Zaini’s
case. They also deny that they had met Jama at the Blk 95 coffeeshop on 27
October 2011, although Amin says that they had met up at a coffeeshop in Toa
Payoh on a different day but he could not remember whether it was the
coffeeshop at Blk 95. It is not disputed that a receipt for $3,500 was issued
by Mr Dendroff’s law firm to Amin, but neither Amin nor Haroun would admit to
having provided the money. When lead counsel for Zaini, Mr Tiwary, put to
Haroun during cross-examination that Haroun gave $3,500 to Jama for Jama to
engage a lawyer for Zaini, Haroun disagreed and said that it was Amin who had
handed the money to Jama. He said that he was present when Amin handed the
money to Jama, but then changed his testimony to say that he did not see Amin
handing over the money. When Mr Tiwary asked him where it was that Amin had
handed the money to Jama, Haroun said that he could not remember but insisted
that it was not at the Blk 95 coffeeshop. Amin, on the other hand, told the
court that he did not pay the $3,500 but he signed the receipt because Jama
told him to. He said that he did not know who paid the money. He had asked
Jama but Jama told him not to worry about it. During re-examination, when Mr
Han pointed Amin to a statement recorded from him by the CNB on 25 July 2015
in which Amin said that Haroun had made the first payment for Zaini’s lawyer’s
fees, Amin informed the court that he was referring to “a different payment”
in that statement, where Haroun paid $5,000 and not $3,500. Haroun was working
as a lorry attendant at the time of Zaini’s arrest. By his own evidence,
Haroun did not know Zaini well and had only met Zaini twice before Zaini was
arrested. There is no reason why Haroun would give so much money to engage a
lawyer for Zaini who he hardly knows, unless he had an interest in Zaini’s
case. I accept that the question of whether he had paid $5,000 towards Zaini’s
legal fees was not put to Haroun at trial, but having heard the testimonies of
Haroun, Amin and AB at trial and observed their demeanour, I am of the view
that all three had not been completely truthful in court. There may be many
reasons why they had chosen to withhold the truth, and one possible reason may
be that put forth by counsel for Zaini, namely that they were each involved in
a joint criminal enterprise to traffic drugs. It is nonetheless not a function
of this court to determine whether Haroun, Amin and AB, who are not on trial
here, had indeed conspired with each other to traffic drugs.

9 As for Jama, there seem to me little reason why a person like him who was
not implicated in the case would choose to come forward to give false evidence
against Haroun, Amin and AB. Even so, I do not think that he had been
completely honest in giving his testimony. Assuming that Jama had spoken the
truth about the meeting on 27 October 2011 at the Blk 95 coffeeshop, this
court has not been informed how Jama got to know Haroun, and why Haroun chose
to seek help from Jama and not others in engaging a lawyer for Zaini. Further,
by his own testimony, Jama ought to have been suspicious about Haroun, Amin
and AB since the meeting at the Blk 95 coffeeshop on 27 October 2011. He
admits that he had made an anonymous call to the CNB in relation to Zaini’s
case, although he says that he could not remember what was said in that call
and when he made it, when the Prosecution put it to him in cross-examination
that the call was made on 7 November 2011 and that Jama had told the CNB then
that Haroun was the one behind the drugs found in the car. Jama further admits
that he was present at Zaini’s committal hearing on 7 January 2014. All this
while, he has also been working at Mr Dendroff’s law firm. He says that he had
passed the $3,500 from Haroun to Mr Dendroff in 2011. It would be surprising
if he did not disclose his suspicion about Haroun, Amin and AB to Mr Dendroff
then. Mr Dendroff continues to act for Zaini in the present trial before me.
There seems to me no reason why Jama waited till April 2015 to come forward as
a witness for Zaini. He provides no reason, except to say that his “conscience
was pricking him”. In the circumstances, I agree with the Prosecution that
Jama’s evidence should be treated with caution. Jama’s behaviour is
remarkable, but it is not known how much of it he disclosed to Mr Dendroff who
is not only his employer but also Zaini’s counsel at all material times. A
fuller explanation would have been helpful to the court. And lawyers in Mr
Dendroff’s position ought to determine the facts more fully.

10 Although the evidence of Haroun, Amin, AB and Jama are not satisfactory,
they do not affect my finding that Zaini has failed to rebut the presumptions
of possession and knowledge under ss 21 and 18(2) of the MDA. Even if I am to
accept Zaini’s account that it was Haroun who had given instructions for him
to drive the car to Johor Bahru for servicing and then back to Singapore, that
account is, for the reasons set out in [7] above, incredible. It is equally
incredible whether it was Haroun, or someone else, who had given those
instructions.

11 For the reasons above, I am satisfied that the Prosecution has proved the
charge against Zaini beyond a reasonable doubt. I find Zaini guilty as
charged, and convict him accordingly. As the Prosecution adduced no evidence
which shows that Zaini, in committing the offence, did anything more than the
activities listed in s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA, namely transporting, sending or
delivering drugs and/or offering to transport, send or deliver drugs and/or
doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
transporting, I am satisfied that Zaini was acting no more than as a courier.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Han Ming Kuang and Tan Yanying (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for prosecution;  
Ramesh Chandr Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) and Jason Peter Dendroff (JP Dendroff &
Co) for accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

