Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY DIVISION OF THE high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCF 3

District Court Appeal from the Family Courts No 54 of 2015

Between

|  TLB  
---|---  
  
… Appellant/Wife

And

|  TLC  
---|---  
  
… Respondent/Husband

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] – [matrimonial assets] – [division]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TLB

  
v

  

TLC

[2016] SGHCF 3

High Court — District Court Appeal from the Family Courts No 54 of 2015  
Foo Tuat Yien JC  
14, 21 August, 21 September, 19 November 2015

4 March 2016

Foo Tuat Yien JC:

Introduction

1 The present appeal arose out of a decision of a District Judge on ancillary
matters wherein the District Judge had made the following orders: (a) the wife
would receive 20% of the net value of the matrimonial flat; (b) the parties
were to retain all other assets in his or her own name; and (c) the husband
shall pay to the wife $800 per month as reasonable maintenance for the only
child of the marriage and the husband shall pay, directly to the tuition
centre, for the child’s Chinese tuition as part of the child’s maintenance.

2 The wife appealed against that decision and, on 21 August 2015, I allowed
the wife’s appeal in part, varying the order for division of the matrimonial
flat such that the wife would receive 45% of the net sale proceeds. I also
ordered that with respect to maintenance for the child, the Chinese tuition
lessons to be paid by the husband should be increased from six sessions a
month to two sessions per week. I upheld the District Judge’s decision to
allow the parties to retain their assets in their own respective names.

3 The husband subsequently filed a summons for leave to appeal against my
decision (ie, Summons No 411 of 2015) – the only point which he appealed
against was the division of the matrimonial flat. I granted leave for that
purpose on 19 November 2015 so that the Court of Appeal would have occasion to
decide whether the approach applied in the present case was in line with the
recent decision of ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043. I therefore set out my
detailed grounds of decision with respect to the division of the matrimonial
flat.

Backround facts

The parties

4 The parties married in Singapore on 30 March 2002 and they have a 9 year old
daughter. On 5 October 2011, the wife, with the daughter, left the matrimonial
flat. The husband initiated divorce on 15 May 2013. Interim judgment (“IJ”)
for divorce was granted on 17 December 2013 on the ground of each party’s
unreasonable behaviour. Up to the date of IJ, this was a marriage of over 11
years. As at the time of the hearing in 2015, the marriage would have lasted
for approximately 13 years.

5 The husband, 43 years old, was working as a trainer at a well-known training
company. He declared earnings comprising a fixed monthly salary of $500 with
income from commissions and allowances based on training hours. In 2013, he
earned $59,648.19 or about $6,000 per month. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

RA 281 Vol 2(I) – Form IRA 8A submitted by Husband. RA 37 to 39 Vol 2(I) –
Husband’s Notices of Assessment of Income Tax for Years of Assessment 2011 to
2013 show declared income from employment as $74,776, $102,634 and $70,018
respectively.

The wife alleged that this was a great reduction compared to his earnings in
previous years from 2007 to 2011.

6 The wife, 42 years old, is sole shareholder and director of her own interior
design business. She is an Indonesian citizen and Singapore permanent
resident. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

RA 16 Vol 1 – The marriage certificate shows that she was a permanent resident
at the time of marriage.

She declared income of $5,000 per month with a monthly take home amount of
about $4,000. The husband contended that the wife earned more than she had
declared as she had also received the business profits.

Division of matrimonial assets ordered by the District Judge

7 The parties owned only one joint asset, which is the matrimonial flat. The
District Judge’s approach, after considering all relevant factors and the case
in totality, was to divide only the matrimonial flat and not to include assets
in each party’s own name in the pool for division. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Paragraph 23 of District Judge’s Grounds of Decision dated 25 May 2015.

8 On 4 February 2015, the learned District Judge ordered that parties were: a)
each to retain assets in their own names; and b) upon sale of the matrimonial
flat within six months of final judgment, to divide the net sales proceeds
(less mortgage redemption and costs and expenses of sale) for the husband to
receive 80% and for the wife to receive 20%, with each party to refund
therefrom all monies due to the Central Provident Fund Board (CPF Board).

9 In arriving at her decision, the District Judge had considered the
following: a) that the husband’s depletion of a sum of $150,000 from the net
sales proceeds of the parties’ previous matrimonial home to a sum of
$14,624.38 was a “mystery” as he had not accounted satisfactorily for this; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Paragraphs 9 and 17 of Grounds of Decision.

and b) that there was difficulty in determining the value of the wife’s
assets, which included a house in Indonesia and income from the wife’s
business clients in Indonesia.

10 The husband was represented at the divorce ancillary matters hearing. On 11
February 2015, he obtained final judgment. The wife acted in person both at
the hearing and when filing her Notice of Appeal (ie, 7 April 2015). She did
not apply to stay execution of the 4 February 2015 order. She subsequently
engaged counsel to represent her on appeal and notice of this appointment was
given on 24 June 2015. The husband was, on appeal, represented by counsel from
a different law firm as his previous counsel had left practice.

11 On 21 August 2015, when I gave my decision, counsel informed me that the
matrimonial flat had already been sold with the net sales proceeds distributed
as per the 4 February 2015 order. I was later informed that completion of the
matrimonial flat had been effected on 28 May 2015 pursuant to an option for
purchase granted on 17 March 2015.

My decision

12 I left undisturbed the District Judge’s order for each party to retain
assets in their own names. As noted above (at [2]), I varied the order for the
net sales proceeds of the matrimonial flat to be divided in the ratio of 55:45
in favour of the husband. As the net sales proceeds had already been
distributed in the ratio of 80:20 in favour of the husband, I directed him to
pay an additional 25% of the net sales proceeds to the wife.

13 As was done by the District Judge, I did not ascribe a value to the wife’s
house in Indonesia to be added to the matrimonial pool. I adopted the same
approach when dealing with the net sales proceeds of the previous matrimonial
flat. As detailed later, these, as well as other factors, were considered in
the round such that I did not deem it necessary to make any additions to the
matrimonial pool for division.

14 The husband, by a subsequent letter of 1 September 2015 from his counsel,
argued that the 21 August 2015 order was not workable as he did not have cash
to pay the additional 25% of the net sales proceeds to the wife as he only had
$71,712.80 left (after buying a 3-room HDB flat, spending on a holiday to
Thailand, paying car accident excess, repaying $15,000 loan to his parents,
etc) with anticipated further expenses of $25,000 on renovation and
furnishings for his new flat. I found no merit in this submission. The husband
knew of the wife’s appeal filed on 7 April 2015 before completion of the sale
of the matrimonial flat on 28 May 2015.

15 I proceed now to detail the methodology which I utilised in arriving at my
computation. In the light of the recent authority of ANJ v ANK, I will explain
my methodology with reference to the framework that was expounded in that
decision. In ANJ v ANK, the Court of Appeal elaborated upon a three-step
process which should be utilised. First, the court should ascribe a ratio
representing each party’s respective direct contributions towards the
acquisition and/or improvement of the matrimonial assets. Secondly, the court
will ascribe a second ratio to represent each party’s respective indirect
contribution to the well-being of the family. An average will then be reached
based on both these ratios. Thirdly, if there are compelling reasons to do so,
further adjustments may need to be made to the parties’ average percentage
contributions (see ANJ v ANK at [22] and [36]).

Step 1: Ascertaining the direct contributions of the parties

16 I first computed the value of all the assets which formed part of the
matrimonial pool.

Value of the matrimonial flat

17 The parties’ only joint asset was the matrimonial flat. I adopted the
District Judge’s findings that: a) the net equity of the matrimonial flat was
$505,591.65; b) the husband’s direct financial contribution towards the
matrimonial flat (through use of his CPF funds) was $224,055; c) the wife’s
contribution (through use of her CPF funds) was $7,000; and d) the husband’s
alleged $39,000 cash contribution was not to be counted as this could have
come from the sales proceeds of the parties’ previous matrimonial flat in
Depot Road. The ratio of parties’ direct financial contribution to the
matrimonial flat was therefore 97:3.

Assets in the parties’ sole names

18 The assets in each of their sole names were as follows:

(a) The husband’s assets were valued at $221,941. This figure included the
amount of $148,362.25 in the husband’s CPF account. Although the District
Judge had used a different figure of $18,234.48 for his CPF funds, I was of
the view that this figure was not correct. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Husband had declared the following: Shares valued at $15,579.50, excluding the
Sunray shares (value not provided), CPF funds of $148,362.25, bank account
balances of about $21,089.74, surrender value of insurance policies of
$38,887.62. H’s declared debts of $15,000 due to his parents were not taken
into account.

The figure of $221,941, which I took into account, did not include the value
of some shares as the husband did not give the value of these shares.

(b) The wife’s assets were valued at $2,666. Her declared assets consist of:
(i) combined balance of $666 in her two bank accounts; (ii) CPF funds of over
$2,000 (not including withdrawal for the matrimonial flat); and (iii) debts of
over $20,000. Her CPF statement for 2013, dated 11 March 2014, showed no
recent CPF contributions into her CPF account. The wife averred that she
expended her assets during the period after October 2011, when she left the
matrimonial flat. I would add that the issue of whether the wife’s business
was a matrimonial asset was not raised by either party and there is no
evidence on valuation.

19 In summary, the total value of the parties’ assets is as depicted in the
following table:

Description of Asset| Value  
---|---  
Matrimonial Flat (Net Equity)| $505,591.65  
Assets in husband’s sole name| $221, 941  
Assets in wife’s sole name| $2,666  
Total| $730,198.65  
  
20 The parties’ respective direct financial contribution is reflected in the
table below:

Description of Asset| Husband’s contribution| Wife’s contribution  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial Flat| $244,055| $7,000  
Husband’s Assets| $221,941| Nil  
Wife’s Assets| Nil| $2,666  
Total Value| $465,996| $9,666  
Overall Ratio| 98%| 2%  
  
21 As I was minded to only divide the matrimonial flat and have the parties
hold the other assets in their own names, I utilised the ratio of the direct
financial contributions to the matrimonial flat at this stage of the analysis,
which was that of 97:3 (see above at [17]). This is not to say that I did not
take into account the value of the other assets in arriving at my eventual
decision. It did not escape my attention that the relative values of the
assets in each party’s name still had to be taken into account and should not
be excluded from the computation as that might prejudice the fair and
equitable division (see NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [38]–[40]). As will be
elaborated upon below, I took into account the value of the other assets at
Step 3 of the analysis (see below at [40]).

Undeclared assets

22 Before I proceed to detail the parties’ indirect contributions, it would be
apposite for me to comment on the unsatisfactory manner in which both parties
declared their respective assets. As will be elaborated upon below, their
inadequacies in this respect had a bearing on how I eventually chose to
apportion the assets.

Husband’s accounting for the $197,490 of the net sales proceeds of the
previous matrimonial flat

23 The District Judge had voiced her misgivings on the husband’s inability to
account for the “mystery of the remaining leftover funds from the sales
proceeds of the parties’ previous matrimonial flat” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Paragraph 17 of Grounds of Decision.

amounting to some $150,000 as he had managed the $197,493.87 net sales
proceeds. This mystery remained unsolved at the hearing before me. Although I
accepted that some monies could have been used for the purchase of the
matrimonial flat and for parties’ rental expenses and utilities before they
moved into the matrimonial flat, this did not account for the entirety of the
“missing” sales proceeds.

24 The husband’s case was that he had set aside $150,000 for investment, which
he deposited in May 2008, into his Philips Futures Account. He arranged for a
Taiwanese trader (whom he did not name) to manage and trade the funds on a
profit sharing basis. The $150,000 was increased to $200,000 on 17 September
2008, when the husband deposited another $50,000 which was attributed to
initial profits. The husband’s explanation that all these monies (less
$14,624.83) were lost through trades was unsatisfactory and not substantiated.

25 Although the husband tendered a table which supposedly evidenced
transactions that were made between him and the trader, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

RA 206 Vol 2(I).

I doubted the veracity of the account given in this table. According to the
husband, the table showed transaction amounts deposited into his personal POSB
bank account, from which he made withdrawals to pay the trader’s profit share
and administrative charges. However, in one case in August/September 2008, the
amount allegedly paid to the trader was disproportionately high relative to
the amount deposited into the husband’s account. Similarly, in October 2008,
the amount allegedly transferred for the trader’s share of the profits and
administrative expenses was more than the amount deposited into the husband’s
POSB bank account.

26 The husband sought to further corroborate his account of events by
producing an email dated 10 April 2014 for his Philips Futures account (sent
4.5 years after the last 2009 deposit into his bank account). However, this
email gave information only on amounts withdrawn and topped up and with no
information on account movements, balances and position statements at relevant
times. The email also mentioned a last trade on 21 May 2009, for which the
husband did not account. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

RA 238 to 247 Vol 2(I).

The husband had therefore simply asserted, without more, that losses from
October 2008 reduced the $200,000 balance to only $14,624.83, which was then
depleted through another withdrawal on his part and by his payment of the
wife’s credit card expenses. The husband did not tender any other evidence of
dealings with or transfer of funds to the trader.

27 The husband’s account was not credible. Even acknowledging that there was,
in late 2008, uncertain and difficult financial times, he had failed to
account for the $200,000. He is an informed investor who was described in his
employer’s advertisements as a self-directed investor with over ten years of
experience in value investing in local and overseas markets. As a trainer at
an established training company, he had mentored over a thousand individuals
in personal financial management, fundamental analysis and building a solid
foundation in investment and was the key trainer of investing programmes for
aspiring investors. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

RA 74 and RA 138 Vol 2(II) – Wife’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means.

His Central Depository Payment (Pte) Ltd statements, as at end December 2013,
showed that he had eight securities trading accounts (with internet access
since June 2006) with four different security firms. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

RA 58 Vol 2(I) – Husband’s 1st affidavit of assets and means.

28 I noted that the District Judge attributed the $14,624.83 balance as part
of the husband’s assets in his sole name thus showing that she similarly did
not accept his evidence that part of this balance was used to pay the wife’s
credit card debts.

Husband’s declared income and other assets

29 Although the husband stated that in November 2012, he was diagnosed with
spinal degeneration of the spinal bone rendering him unable to stand or work
for long hours and hence his income had fallen since 2013 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

RA 10 and 75 Vol 2(I) – Husband’s 1st affidavit of assets and means.

, I noted from his POSB account statements in 2013 (for March to July 2013)
that there were movements of fairly substantial funds in relation to shares
ranging from deposits of over $9,000 each and $16,000, and withdrawals of over
$12,000 each. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

RA 79 to 84 Vol 2(I) – Husband’s 1st affidavit of assets and means.

This suggested that the husband could have had assets or income from shares
trades.

Wife’s property in Jakarta, Indonesia

30 The District Judge found that it was not clear if the wife owns a property
in Jakarta and if so, the value. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Paragraph 18 of Grounds of Decision.

I found that the wife is the beneficial owner of a property in Jakarta, where
her family stays. Her account was that she initially wanted to buy a house
from a personal friend, pegged at a friendly price of $100,000, towards which
she had paid $9,000. There was no proper paper work. She did minor renovations
(about $20,000) before the daughter was born in 2006. As her $9,000 payment
was less than the rental income that her friend could have made in the last 8
years, her share of the house would have been very small. As she was now
struggling with money, she intended to return the house to her friend, once
she returned to Jakarta and after finding rental accommodation. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

RA 58 Vol 2(II) – Wife’s 2nd affidavit of assets and means.

The wife had, in effect, admitted that she owns the house beneficially (albeit
without legal title). Information on the value of the house was not provided.
This house, acquired during the marriage, was therefore a matrimonial asset.

Wife’s business and income

31 The husband alleged that the wife rendered high end interior design
services to rich Indonesian clients and that she had undisclosed funds in
Indonesia. The wife’s UOB bank account statements sent to the matrimonial
flat, before she left in October 2011, showed cheque payments, fund transfers
and cash deposits of more than $76,604.41 from 31 July 2011 to 31 Oct 2011. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

RA 274 and 301 to 317 Vol 2(I) – Husband’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means.

32 The District Judge found that it was clear that the wife ran a viable
business that included services rendered to overseas clients. The wife
admitted that most of her clients were overseas. She explained that out of the
$76,604.41 deposit in her personal account (referred to in the previous
paragraph), the actual total revenue was only $69,428. Out of that amount,
$3,600 was spent on company expenses whilst contractor and supplier payments
accounted for $38,038. This left her with approximately $27,700 as profit. In
her line of work, she would, on request by clients, agree to act as middleman
and distribute payments for them to save them costs from multiple
international wire transfers to contractors and fabricators. Her clients felt
safer dealing with her as they did not have a personal relationship with these
tradespeople. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

RA 8 to 10 Vol 2(II) – Wife’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means.

This explanation seemed reasonable and valid.

33 Apart from exhibiting the Report and Financial Statements as at November
2007, the profit and loss statements as at November 2008, 2009 and 2010 (the
latter, which showed jobs in Singapore), the wife did not provide information
on her projects in Indonesia. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

RA 100 to 119 Vol 2(II) – Wife’s 3rd affidavit of assets and means.

The wife’s explanation in this aspect was not satisfactory and had to be
viewed with some circumspection. I accepted that there could be some under-
declaration of income. It is likely that the wife would have had bank accounts
in Indonesia or possibly other bank accounts in Singapore other than her
declared bank accounts. She had only shown evidence, without more, of a US
dollar account, that was closed on 17 January 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

RA 53 Vol 2(II) – Wife’s 2nd affidavit of assets and means.

34 In the wife’s 1st affidavit of assets and means of 12 March 2014, she had
said that in the long run, she would prefer to move to Jakarta with the
daughter, for whom she had been able to secure a place at the ACS
International School. This option suggested that her business in Indonesia was
sufficiently established to support the move.

Other miscellaneous assets of the parties

35 The husband has a car in Singapore and the wife has a car in Indonesia. The
residual value of the Singapore car is about $10,000. No value was given for
the car in Indonesia. I did not take the car values into account as they could
offset each other.

36 In the light of the above, I found that the husband had not been forthright
in accounting for the use of the $200,000 and in disclosing his income and
assets. The wife had also not been forthright in disclosing her assets,
including her house in Indonesia, and her income. These findings affected my
eventual decision on the apportionment of the matrimonial flat, as will be
seen below.

Step 2: Ascertaining the indirect contribution of the parties and averaging
the two ratios

37 Both parties contributed indirectly to the marriage in their own way. I
agreed with the District Judge that it is likely that the husband had
contributed more in indirect financial contribution towards upkeep of the
family and the matrimonial flat. The wife’s greater flexibility in working
from home on her business (set up in 2002), albeit that she would also go to
Indonesia, would mean greater contribution on her part in the non-financial
areas on the home front and in the care and development of their daughter,
more so after October 2011, when parties lived separately. I noted the finding
of the District Judge on each party’s indirect contribution in paragraphs 14
to 16 of her Grounds of Decision.

38 I attributed a ratio of 25:75 as between the husband and wife respectively
for their indirect contributions to the matrimonial flat. I reached the above
ratio on the basis of several facts. The wife was the main caregiver for their
daughter and carried out her business from home albeit with some overseas
travel to Indonesia. Whatever the reason for the wife’s departure from the
matrimonial home in October 2011, there was no denying that she continued then
with the care of their daughter, for whom she has care and control. This was
consistent with the District Judge’s finding that the bulk of the direct and
indirect financial contribution to the marriage came from the husband. The
District Judge found the wife to be a dedicated mother, who took good care of
the daughter and was clearly the main caregiver. For the daughter’s sake, the
wife had attended Montessori classes and had even tried to learn Chinese to
coach her daughter; she taught the daughter to read and write; she accompanied
the daughter for her classes; and she designed and built the daughter’s giant
play pen with the list going on. After she left the matrimonial home in
October 2011, she became the daughter’s main emotional support. The District
Judge also found that in other aspects, the wife had contributed towards the
aesthetics and comforts of the home, turning the home into a place more
comfortable than a “5-star hotel.”

39 On the basis of equal weight being attached to the direct and indirect
contributions to the matrimonial flat (the direction contribution to the
matrimonial flat being in the ratio of 97:3 as noted above at [17]), this
yielded an overall ratio of 61:39 with respect to the matrimonial flat.

Step 3: Adjustment to percentage contributions

40 As alluded to earlier, at this stage of the analysis, I took into account
the fact that the parties were to hold their respective assets in their own
names and that the husband had a far greater amount of assets being held in
his name as compared to the wife. I also took into consideration the relative
strength of the adverse inferences to be drawn against both the husband and
wife for their respective under-declaration of assets. I also considered that
the husband had enjoyed a period of rent-free occupation of the matrimonial
flat since October 2011 (ie, after the wife’s departure) and that he had
received rental income of $16,000 for the matrimonial flat during the period
of February to November 2013. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Paragraph 21 of Grounds of Decision

In the circumstances, I saw fit to round up the wife’s share in the
matrimonial flat such that she would receive 45% of the net sale proceeds.

41 As is evident from the above analysis, I took into account only the direct
and indirect contributions to the matrimonial flat at Step 1 and 2 of the
computation process before considering the rest of the assets to make the
necessary adjustment at Step 3. For the sake of clarity, I would add that if I
had considered the rest of the assets with the matrimonial flat at the first
two steps of the analysis instead of at the final step, I would have arrived
at the same ratio for the division of the matrimonial flat (ie, 55:45 in
favour of the husband).

42 If I had considered the matrimonial pool as a whole, I would have
attributed an indirect contribution ratio of 60:40 in favour of the wife.
Based on the direct contribution ratio of 98:2, in favour of the husband, to
the entirety of the matrimonial pool (see above at [20]), this would have
yielded an overall split of 69:31 for the matrimonial pool. That would mean
that the wife would have been entitled to $226,361 (ie, 31% of the total
assets valued at $730,198). Since I was minded to allow parties to retain the
assets in their respective names, I would have deducted the sum of $2,666 (ie,
the value of the wife’s declared assets) to reach a figure of $223,695. This
figure would amount to 44% of the matrimonial flat which was valued at
$505,591. In those circumstances, I would have had no qualms rounding up the
wife’s share in the matrimonial flat to 45% as I was of the view that this
percentage reflected a just and equitable division of the matrimonial flat.

Conclusion

43 Based on the above reasoning, I made the following orders:

(a) the division of the net sale proceeds of the matrimonial flat should be
varied from 80:20 to 55:45; and

(b) the District Judge’s order for each party to retain assets in their own
name should be upheld.

44 I gave no order as to costs since, as noted above at [2], I had only
allowed the appeal against the District Judge’s decision in part.

Foo Tuat Yien

Judicial Commissioner

D Rani (instructed) and Alagappan S/O Arunasalam

(A Alagappan Law Corporation) for the appellant/wife;

Aye Cheng Shone (M/s A C Shone & Co) for the respondent/

husband

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

