Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 99

Tribunal Appeal No 7 of 2015

In the matter of Order 55 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5)AndIn the matter
of section 117 of the Employment Act (Cap 91)AndIn the matter of orders made
under sections 115 and 119 of the Employment Act (Cap 91)AndIn the matter of a
complaint by Islam Md Ohidul against his employer SATS Construction Pte Ltd to
the Commissioner of Labour  
---  
  
Between

| SATS Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Islam Md Ohidul  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Costs] — [Pro Bono Services]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SATS Construction Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Islam Md Ohidul

  

[2016] SGHC 99

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 7 of 2015  
Debbie Ong JC  
29 January, 11 March; 27 April 2016

17 May 2016

Debbie Ong JC:

Introduction

1 On 29 January 2016, I dismissed the Appellant’s appeal against the decision
of the Assistant Commissioner for Labour (“the Assistant Commissioner”) who
had made an award in the Respondent’s favour. The Assistant Commissioner had
earlier awarded the Respondent, a Bangladeshi foreign worker employed by the
Appellant for a salary of $22 a day (excluding over-time pay, meals and
transport allowances), a sum of $1,931.13 for unpaid salaries due to him. The
Appellant employer had appealed against the award.

2 After dismissing the appeal, I ordered costs in favour of the Respondent
despite his lawyer telling the court that the law firm was acting for the
Respondent on a pro bono basis and that any costs recovered would be donated
to the Humanitarian Organization for Migration Economics (“HOME”), a
registered charity dedicated to upholding the rights of migrant workers in
Singapore. I subsequently fixed the matter for hearing on 11 March 2016 in
order to hear any submissions parties may have on whether costs may be ordered
in favour of a party whose lawyers are representing him on a pro bono basis.
My concern was that the award of costs to a successful litigant represented on
a pro bono basis could be viewed broadly as allowing a champertous agreement.
Further, it could be argued that a party with the benefit of pro bono services
does not need to be indemnified for any costs. At the hearing on 11 March
2016, both counsel made submissions on this issue of costs. Counsel for the
Respondent also informed the court that he had sought guidance from the Law
Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) on the matter as well. He then
relayed a request from the representatives of the Law Society to seek
clarification on the legal position from this Court, urging this Court to make
available its grounds of decision to guide the legal profession. I write these
Grounds of Decision to set out my views and decision on this narrow issue.

The legal principles

3 The award of costs is a matter in the court’s discretion. The Court of
Appeal in Aurol Anthony Sabastian v Sembcorp Marine Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 246
(“Aurol”) reiterated that (at [103] – [104]):

103 … The power to award costs is fundamentally and essentially one that is
discretionary. Even though the general principle is for costs to follow the
event, the overriding concern of the court must be to exercise its discretion
to achieve the fairest allocation of costs ...

104 The court has a very wide discretion in determining what the fairest
allocation of costs is and in this regard it is not confined to considering
the particular outcome of the litigation. ...

4 While the Court of Appeal’s findings were directed at the allocation of
costs between parties and did not specifically address the issue of whether a
successful litigant represented on a pro bono basis could be awarded costs,
there is no ambiguity as to the broad discretion the court exercises in
ordering costs.

5 In JBB v JBA [2015] 5 SLR 153, I cited the decision of the Court of Appeal
in Maryani Sadeli v Arjun Permanand Samtani and another and other appeals
[2015] 1 SLR 496 (“Maryani”) at [30] for the general principle that costs
should follow the event:

One fundamental aspect of our scheme of costs recovery is a cost-shifting rule
which dictates that the successful litigant is ordinarily indemnified by the
losing party for the legal costs incurred as between the successful party and
his solicitor. This is commonly referred to as the principle that costs should
generally follow the event ... [emphasis added]

These principles are enshrined in O 59 rr 2(2) and 3(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). In the present case, there was nothing on the
facts that warranted a departure from the general principle that the
Respondent, as the successful party, ought to be entitled to recover costs
from the losing party. However, whether such costs should be awarded required
further consideration in view of my concerns highlighted at [2] above.

The indemnity principle

The present costs arrangement

6 As pointed out in Then Khek Koon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and
another and other suits [2014] 1 SLR 245 (“Then Khek Koon”) at [153]–[154],
the rule that costs should generally follow the event is one aspect of the
indemnity principle. Another aspect relates to the quantification of costs —
the indemnification operates in relation to the sums for which the winner is
under a legal obligation to pay his solicitors for the legal services rendered
(see Mohamed Amin bin Mohamed Taib and others v Lim Choon Thye and others
[2011] 2 SLR 343 at [21], referring to Gundry v Sainsbury [1910] 1 KB 645
(“Gundry”)). A party ought not to enjoy any windfall by virtue of costs awards
(see Wentworth v Rogers (2006) 66 NSWLR 474 (“Wentworth”) at [50]). The reason
is well stated by the court in Harold v Smith (1860) 5 H & N 381 at 385 (cited
in Gundry at 649) — costs are neither imposed as a punishment to the losing
party nor as a reward to the winning party.

7 This was not a concern in the present case. On the facts, the arrangement
between the Respondent and his solicitors had crystallised in the following
manner: after his employment was terminated by the Appellant on 13 March 2015,
the Respondent had remained in Singapore on a special pass issued by the
Ministry of Manpower for the purpose of resolving his dispute before the
Assistant Commissioner. That decision was rendered on 25 May 2015 and the
Respondent, apparently in anticipation of his impending return to Bangladesh,
executed a Power of Attorney in favour of a case worker from HOME (“the
Respondent’s Representative”) on 16 July 2015, authorising her to instruct
counsel in respect of the appeal. He returned to Bangladesh shortly thereafter
on 20 July 2015. It was then clarified and agreed between the Respondent’s
Representative and his counsel subsequent to the first hearing that any costs
awarded in this appeal would go to pay the professional fees of his counsel,
which in turn would be donated to HOME. There was thus no worry that costs
awarded would be a windfall to the Respondent. I accepted that on the facts of
this case, the Respondent and the solicitors had proceeded on the basis that
the Respondent would not be required to pay any costs to his solicitors but
the arrangement did not preclude them, if successful in the proceedings, from
seeking costs from the court, which would be paid to the solicitors.

8 In my view, where the order of costs does not unjustly benefit the
successful party or punish the unsuccessful one, there is no inconsistency
with the rationale behind the indemnity principle. Indeed, it redresses what
in my view is an unjust benefit to an unsuccessful party litigating against a
pro bono-aided party; any advantage that the unsuccessful party may have in
never being liable for costs falls away. This position results in an even
playing field as far as cost orders are concerned and may have a positive
effect in encouraging responsible conduct in litigation. I note the useful
guidance given by the court in Wentworth at [50] that “the indemnity principle
is not immutable, and should be applied flexibly rather than made into a rigid
rule”. The flexibility of the indemnity principle is capable of accommodating
costs arrangements such as that in the present case. It is also in accord with
the underlying objective of enhancing access to justice to allow an order of
costs in pro bono cases.

Access to justice in pro bono cases

9 Our courts have held that the indemnity principle is ultimately steeped in
policy considerations going beyond the compensation of a successful litigant.
In Then Khek Koon at [156], Coomaraswamy J noted:

[T]he ultimate policy of the indemnity principle is rooted not in compensation
but in enhancing access to justice. The indemnity principle facilitates a
meritorious litigant’s pursuit of justice by ensuring retrospectively that he
attains justice at his opponent’s expense rather than his own. [emphasis
added]

10 In a similar vein, the Court of Appeal held in Maryani at [32]:

The Judge explained that this was a result of the policy considerations which
inform the indemnity principle. As the Judge aptly observed, “while
compensation is the immediate effect of applying the indemnity principle, the
ultimate policy of the indemnity principle is rooted not in compensation but
in enhancing access to justice” …. We also agree with the Judge’s elaboration
on two further (albeit “subordinate”) policies of our law on costs which
centre on the need to achieve finality in litigation as well as the need to
suppress parasitic litigation … [emphasis in original]

11 Indeed, the underlying basis of the indemnity principle is the enhancement
of access to justice, which has been the subject of concern in more recent
years. There is little comfort in the assurance of a strong justice system in
Singapore for a party who has not the means to obtain access to such justice.
The broader concept of a strong justice system must include access to the
system.

12 In his speech at the Opening of the Legal Year 2013, Chief Justice
Sundaresh Menon exhorted (Response by Chief Justice Sundaresh Menon, Opening
of the Legal Year 2013, 4 January 2013):

Lawyers have a vital responsibility to ensure that there is access to justice.
From those to whom much has been given, much will be expected … We must ensure
that we do not price the law out of the reach of the average Singaporean; that
we are guided by our care and concern for those whose lot it is to come face
to face with the law; and that we do not allow the law to become the preserve
of the rarefied few as a result of systems, processes and outputs that seem
obscure or even confounding to the reasonably informed lay person.

13 This was followed later in the year by his Honour’s advice to the lawyers
newly admitted to the bar on the importance of pro bono work to the legal
profession (Address by the Chief Justice at the Admission of Advocates and
Solicitors, 27 July 2013, at para 13):

… A visceral sense of distress sets in when society perceives that the scales
of justice do not balance evenly between those who can and those who cannot
access suitable representation. As members of the profession dedicated to
justice, it is incumbent upon us to do whatever we can to ensure that this
does not happen … I have spoken on several occasions of the need to make legal
services affordable if we are to speak of access to justice in a meaningful
way. Providing pro bono services is a necessary part of making this a reality.
…

14 The laudable aspirations of the law student and the lawyer, to join the
legal profession and answer the call to help others, particularly those
marginalised in society, ought to be supported and nurtured. Providing pro
bono services will no doubt involve some personal sacrifices, but such
contribution to the society is recognised as most honourable and noble. It
speaks volumes of a legal profession dedicated to the highest pursuit of
justice. What an honour and privilege it is to be the hand that pulls a party
drowning in anxiety out to the shore of assurance that legal assistance will
be provided and justice is within reach.

15 This is not to say that such personal sacrifices need necessarily go wholly
uncompensated, particularly where the compensation is in the form of party-
and-party costs that the losing party would have had to pay in non-pro bono
situations. Allowing lawyers providing pro bono services to recover some fees
in the form of party-and-party costs does no discredit to them, and if by
doing so, brings us a step closer to a legal system where no one is denied
legal representation by reason only of his impecuniosity, it is a right step
forward.

16 This position is consistent with the legislation providing for costs in
proceedings in which a legally aided person is a party. The Legal Aid and
Advice Act (Cap 160, 2014 Rev Ed) provides:

16.—(1) In proceedings to which an aided person is a party, the court shall
make, in favour of the aided person, the like order for costs (except against
another aided person) as the court would have made in favour of the aided
person had he not been an aided person, and in proceedings in which costs
follow the event an aided person shall (except against another aided person)
be entitled to costs in the like manner as if he were not an aided person,
notwithstanding that no amount is or will be payable by the aided person, or
that the costs are in excess of the amount which is or will be payable by the
aided person.

(2) Where any moneys are recovered by an aided person (whether in proceedings
or by virtue of a settlement or compromise), he shall be liable to pay to the
Director [of Legal Aid] so much of the moneys so recovered as is recovered in
respect of costs.

17 One could argue that it is precisely because such costs orders are not
permitted that legislation was required to provide for such situations. I do
not find this argument persuasive, for, in my view, the policy and principle
behind the two situations are similar: pro bono and legal aid services are
provided to enhance access to justice and it is fair for the providers of such
services to be paid for the work they have done by virtue of costs orders.

Champerty

18 The present arrangement in respect of the retainer between the Respondent
and his counsel could arguably be construed as a form of conditional fee
agreement in which the Respondent’s liability to pay the solicitors is
contingent on costs being awarded in his favour. While I have held above that
this arrangement does not impinge on the indemnity principle (see, eg, the
Victorian Court of Appeal decision in Mainieri v Cirillo [2014] VSCA 227), it
could be argued that such arrangements are champertous in nature. Section 107
of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) provides:

107.—(1) No solicitor shall —

(a) purchase or agree to purchase the interest or any part of the interest of
his client or of any party in any suit, action or other contentious proceeding
brought or to be brought or maintained; or

(b) enter into any agreement by which he is retained or employed to prosecute
any suit or action or other contentious proceeding which stipulates for or
contemplates payment only in the event of success in that suit, action or
proceeding.

19 In my view, notwithstanding the apparent breadth of s 107(1)(b), the
provision does not extend to cases such as the present where the Respondent
would otherwise be unable to afford legal representation. This is supported by
the decision of the Court of Three Judges in Law Society of Singapore v
Kurubalan s/o Manickam Rengaraju [2013] 4 SLR 91 (“Kurubalan”), in which a
distinction was drawn between “impecunious clients who would not otherwise be
able to afford legal representation” and other litigants. The case of
Kurubalan did not involve such an impecunious client, but the Court of Three
Judges remarked that (at [82]):

[I]t would be permissible and even honourable for an Advocate and Solicitor to
act for an impecunious client in the knowledge that he would likely only be
able to recover his appropriate fees or disbursements if the client were
successful in the claim and could pay him out of those proceeds or if there
was a costs order obtained against the other side. [emphasis in original]

This observation is particularly apposite in cases similar to the present. I
did not see why party-and-party costs ought not to be ordered when the pro
bono lawyer had rendered substantial work, expending time and effort in
representing his client. There was no windfall for the client in the present
appeal, who would not have kept the cost sums ordered. There was no prejudice
to the Appellant who would have had to pay costs to the winning party in non-
pro bono situations. On the other hand, the legal representation offered pro
bono has allowed the impecunious party access to justice that he otherwise
would not have had. As I have emphasised above, the underlying basis of the
indemnity principle is the enhancement of access to justice, and the award of
costs is a matter in the court’s discretion to achieve the fairest allocation
in the particular instance.

My decision in the present case

20 I decided that costs should be ordered to the Respondent. There was nothing
in law or in principle that prohibited the award of costs to the successful
litigant on the facts before me. The costs were ordered to be paid to the
solicitors, who had put in substantial work in representing the Respondent. I
noted that these solicitors acting pro bono would not be obtaining any
solicitor-and-client costs from the client. I ordered that costs fixed at
$6000, inclusive of disbursements, be paid by the Appellant to the Respondent.

Debbie Ong  
Judicial Commissioner

Dhanwant Singh and Krishna Morthy (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the
Appellant;  
Chan Kah Keen Melvin and Hannah Tjoa Kai Xuan (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

