Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 11

Originating Summons No 355 of 2015

(Summons No 2415 of 2015)

Between

(1)| Mohamed Shariff Valibhoy  
---|---  
(2)| Imran Amin Valibhoy  
(3)| Vali Mohamed Shariff Valibhoy  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Arif Valibhoy  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Muslim Law] — [Charitable Trusts]

[Muslim Law] — [Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura] — [Powers]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mohamed Shariff Valibhoy and others

  
v

  

Arif Valibhoy

[2016] SGHC 11

High Court — Originating Summons No 355 of 2015 (Summons No 2415 of 2015)  
Kannan Ramesh JC  
20 August 2015; 22 October 2015

29 January 2016

Kannan Ramesh JC:

Introduction

1 Does the High Court have jurisdiction under the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005
Rev Ed) (“the Trustees Act”) to remove and appoint trustees of a Muslim
charitable trust known as a wakaf or does the jurisdiction to do so reside
solely with the Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura (“the Majlis”) under the
Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the AMLA”)? This was
the central question in Summons No 2415 of 2015 (“Sum 2415”), an application
by the Defendant to strike out Originating Summons No 355 of 2015 (“OS 355”).

2 The Plaintiffs applied vide OS 355 for the Defendant to be replaced with one
Abdul Rashid bin Abdul Gani as a trustee of the Valibhoy Charitable Trust
(“the VCT”). It was common ground that the VCT was a wakaf as defined in s 2
of the AMLA. The Plaintiffs and the Defendant were trustees of the VCT. The
VCT was constituted by cl 4 of the last Will of Haji Vali Mohamed Bin Jooma
otherwise known as Valibhoy Jumabhoy otherwise known as A.A. Valibhoy on 12
April 1948. The VCT was registered with the Majlis. The Plaintiffs’
application in OS 355 was made under ss 37 and 42 of the Trustees Act and O 92
r4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).

3 According to the Plaintiffs, the relief they were seeking in OS 355 viz, the
replacement of the Defendant with another trustee, was necessary because the
Defendant was deliberately refusing to discharge his duty as trustee of the
VCT. This had resulted in their management of the VCT being frustrated and
delayed with needless costs being incurred at the VCT’s expense, including
legal fees, and the loss of potential investment opportunities. The Plaintiffs
asserted many alleged instances of misconduct on the part of the Defendant. I
will not be elaborating on these examples, as I was not required to make
findings on them in Sum 2415.

4 The Defendant then applied vide Sum 2415 for:

(a) a declaration that the court had no jurisdiction over the Defendant in
respect of the subject matter of the claim or the relief or remedy sought in
OS 355; and/or

(b) OS 355 to be struck out.

5 The essence of the Defendant’s contention was that Parliament’s intention in
enacting the AMLA was to confer on the Majlis the exclusive jurisdiction
and/or power to manage a wakaf including that in relation to the removal and
appointment of trustees pursuant to s 58 of the AMLA. Therefore, the court did
not have jurisdiction to determine OS 355, and the Plaintiffs did not have the
requisite locus standi to make an application for the replacement of a trustee
a wakaf.

6 The Defendant did not make full arguments relating to the allegations raised
by the Plaintiffs against him in OS 355 because of the jurisdictional
objection he raised in Sum 2415.

7 The Plaintiffs on the other hand took the position that the court had
subject matter jurisdiction over the VCT and that their application in OS 355
ought not to be struck out on grounds put forth by the Defendant. Accordingly,
the determination of the jurisdictional objection in the Defendant’s favour
would result in OS 355 failing in limine.

8 The Majlis’ jurisdiction and powers over a wakaf are set out in s 58 of the
AMLA which states as follows:

Wakaf or nazar am

58.—(1) Where, after 1st July 1968, any Muslim person dies in such
circumstances that, under the provisions of the Muslim law, his property would
vest in, or become payable to, the Baitulmal, the property of that person, in
pursuance of such provisions, shall vest in and become payable to the Majlis
and form part of the Fund.

(2) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written law or in any
instrument or declaration creating, governing or affecting the same, the
Majlis shall administer all wakaf, whether wakaf ‘am or wakaf khas, all nazar
am, and all trusts of every description creating any charitable trust for the
support and promotion of the Muslim religion or for the benefit of Muslims in
accordance with the Muslim law to the extent of any property affected thereby
and situate in Singapore.

(3) Section 23 of the Civil Law Act (Cap. 43) shall not apply to Muslims who
die intestate.

(4) The trustees of the wakaf or nazar am appointed under the instrument
creating, governing or affecting the same shall, subject to the provisions of
this Act, manage the wakaf or nazar am but the Majlis shall have power to
appoint mutawallis, and for such purpose to remove any existing trustees,
where it appears to the Majlis that —

(a) any wakaf or nazar am has been mismanaged;

(b) there are no trustees appointed to the management of the wakaf or nazar
am; or

(c) it would be otherwise to the advantage of the wakaf or nazar am to appoint
a mutawalli.

(5) The Majlis may at any time remove any mutawalli appointed by it and
appoint another in his place.

9 The court had to consider the following issues in Sum 2415:

(a) Whether, on a proper construction of s 58 of the AMLA, Parliament intended
that the jurisdiction and/or power to manage a wakaf including that in
relation to the removal and appointment of trustees of a wakaf, lay
exclusively within the purview of the Majlis;

(b) Whether the Trustees Act conferred on the court the concurrent
jurisdiction and/or power to intervene in a wakaf including that in relation
to the removal and appointment of trustees; and

(c) Whether the court had, in any event, the jurisdiction and/or power to
remove the Defendant in the present circumstances.

(collectively, “the Issues”).

10 The Issues raised novel questions of law and for that reason a young amicus
curiae, Mr Jordan Tan (“Mr Tan”), was appointed to assist the court. Mr Tan’s
submissions supported the position taken by the Plaintiffs viz, the court has
jurisdiction over the Defendant in respect of the subject matter of the claim
or the relief or remedy sought in OS 355 pursuant to the Trustees Act;
consequently, OS 355 ought not to be struck out. I should at the outset record
my gratitude to Mr Tan for his submissions. They were comprehensive, complete,
and of immense assistance to the court.

11 It came as a surprise that given the Majlis’ statutory role as
administrator of the VCT and the importance of the issues at hand to the
Majlis’ jurisdiction and power as regards a wakaf, none of the parties saw fit
to add the Majlis as a party to the proceedings. Nor did the Majlis apply to
be added as a party. At the first hearing of Sum 2415 on 20 August 2015, I
requested the parties to consider this issue, or at the very least invite the
Majlis to apply to be added as a party to these proceedings. Also, I invited
the Majlis through the parties to provide its view on the issues arising in
Sum 2415 in the event it declined to participate in the proceedings as a
party. As things turned out, neither the parties nor the Majlis made the
relevant application. However, the Majlis did provide a written response to
the court on 19 October 2015. The Majlis took the unequivocal position that
the Trustees Act did not confer jurisdiction on the court to remove and
appoint trustees of a wakaf. The Majlis relied heavily on the decision of the
Court of Appeal in LS Investment Pte Ltd v Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura [1998]
3 SLR(R) 369 (“LS Investment”) and the decision of the High Court in Syed
Abbas bin Mohamed Alsagoff and another v Islamic Religious Council of
Singapore (Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura) [2010] 2 SLR 136 (“Syed Abbas”) to
support its submission.

12 Having heard the submissions of the parties and Mr Tan and having
considered the Majlis’ position, I decided on the Issues – for the purposes of
Sum 2415 – in the following manner:

(a) On a proper construction of s 58 of the AMLA, Parliament intended that the
jurisdiction and power to manage a wakaf including that in relation to the
removal and appointment of trustees of a wakaf, lay exclusively within the
purview of the Majlis.

(b) The Trustees Act did not apply to a wakaf. A wakaf was neither a trust
within the Trustees Act nor a trustee of a wakaf a trustee for the purpose of
the Trustees Act. The Plaintiffs therefore did not have locus standi to apply
for the relief sought in OS 355 as they were not trustees within the Trustees
Act, and the court had no jurisdiction and power under the Trustees Act to
substitute the Defendant as trustee of the wakaf with another individual.

(c) The residual inherent jurisdiction and attendant powers of the court over
a wakaf (if any) would not be exercised on the facts.

13 As a result of my decision on the Issues, the Defendant succeeded in Sum
2415 and OS 355 was struck out. The Plaintiffs appealed against my decision to
strike out OS 355 in Civil Appeal No 204 of 2015 on 17 November 2015. I now
set out the reasons for my decision.

The position prior to the enactment of the AMLA

14 It is important to begin with an analysis of the position on the
administration of wakafs prior to the enactment of the AMLA as, in my view,
the AMLA changed the landscape of the administration of wakafs significantly.
Before the AMLA came into force, wakafs were administered by the trustees of
the wakaf within the framework of the Muslim and Hindu Endowments Ordinance
(Cap 271, 1955 Ed) (the “Endowments Ordinance”). The AMLA replaced the
Endowments Ordinance and in the process replaced the trustee of the wakaf with
the Majlis as administrator of the wakaf. This was a critical change.

15 Mr Tan and the Plaintiffs sought to show that the legislative history
leading up and prior to the enactment of the AMLA revealed that the Trustees
Ordinance (Cap 34, 1955 Ed) (“the Trustees Ordinance”) operated alongside the
Endowments Ordinance to allow a trustee of a wakaf to apply to court to remove
another trustee.

16 On this basis, they argued that the Trustees Act (which replaced and is
substantially similar to the Trustees Ordinance) should – by extension –
operate alongside the AMLA to allow the Plaintiffs to apply to court to remove
the Defendant. The argument of course presupposed that the regimes, insofar as
they relate to the Issues, under the Endowments Ordinance and the AMLA were
the same or at the very least not materially different. It, however, elided
the foundational change in the landscape of the regulation and administration
of Muslim affairs including that of wakafs that the AMLA brought. This change
made the Trustees Act, in my view, inapplicable to wakafs. The question of
whether the Trustees Act should be invoked to remove the trustee of a wakaf
turns therefore on whether the Trustees Act could operate concurrently
alongside the AMLA. I will explain by first examining the genesis of the AMLA.
It is to this that I now turn.

The intention of Parliament in enacting the AMLA

17 The broad legislative history of the AMLA was accurately summarised by Mr
Tan. I reproduce his summary in Table 1 below.

Table 1: Legislative History of the AMLA

S/No| Date | Event  
---|---|---  
1| 29 November 1960| Administration of Muslim Law Bill (intended to lead to
the passing of legislation to replace laws relating to Muslims, including the
Endowments Ordinance) is first presented in Parliament.  
2| 29 December 1960| Parliament decides to present the Bill to a Select
Committee.  
3| 3 May 1961| Select Committee Report is published (the “First Select
Committee Report”).  
4| 13 December 1965| Administration of Muslim Law Bill 1965 (“1965 Bill”) is
first presented in Parliament.  
5| 30 December 1965| Parliament decides to present the 1965 Bill to a Select
Committee.  
6| 31 May 1966| Select Committee Report is published (“the AMLA Second Select
Committee Report”).  
7| 17 August 1966| 1965 Bill is passed and AMLA is enacted.  
8| 19 August 1975| AMLA is amended (without affecting s 58).  
9| 24 August 1984| AMLA is amended (without affecting s 58).  
10| 11 June 1990| AMLA is amended (without affecting s 58).  
11| 15 April 1999| AMLA is amended (without affecting s 58) (“the
1999Amendments”).  
  
18 The Parliamentary debates are instructive in shedding light on why the
jurisdiction to deal with Muslim matters including a wakaf must be regarded as
being vested principally in the Majlis following the enactment of the AMLA.
The broad theme that emerged from my review of the Hansard was that the AMLA
was enacted for the purposes of protecting and safeguarding the Islamic
religion by the constitution of a Muslim body viz, the Majlis, to deal with
the administration of Muslim law and the regulation of Muslim religious
affairs in Singapore. There is resonance in this regard between the purpose of
the AMLA and Art 152(2) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999
Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

The Government shall exercise its functions in such manner as to recognise the
special position of the Malays … and accordingly it shall be the
responsibility of the Government to protect, safeguard, support, foster and
promote their political, educational, religious, economic, social and cultural
interests and the Malay language.

[emphasis added].

19 In this respect, I first refer to the debates relating to the second
reading of the AMLA. Mr K.M Byrne (“Mr Byrne”), the Minister for Labour and
Law noted as follows (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (29
December 1960) col 912):

The Bill provides for the establishment of a Majlis Ugama Islam … and this
will enable the Majlis to deal with wakaf, nazr and other trusts which are
intended for Muslim religious and charitable purposes. The endowments at
present administered by the Muslim and Hindu Endowments Board will be
transferred to this Majlis. The Majlis Ugama Islam is made the trustee of all
Muslim religious trusts … and it is also given the power, with the approval of
the Yang di-Pertuan Negara, to collect zakat and fitrah to be used for Muslim
charitable purposes.

[emphasis added].

20 In the same sitting, Mr Inche Yaacob bin Mohamed, then Parliamentary
Secretary to the Minister for National Development stated as follows
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (29 December 1960) col 918):

Mr Deputy Speaker, the Administration of Muslim Law Bill, which has been
tabled by the Minister for Labour and Law today, is a Bill which could, be
described as creating a new chapter in the history of Singapore consonant with
the Constitution of Singapore, which enunciates the protection and safeguard
of the Islamic religion of the Malays and Islamic people of Singapore.

[emphasis added].

21 I also refer to the debates relating to the third reading of the AMLA. Mr
Inche Othman Bin Wok, then Minister for Culture and Social Affairs, stated as
follows (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (17 August 1966)
cols 239 – 240):

The Bill, it must be emphasised, does not seek to deal with the Muslim law
itself but only with its administration. …

The Bill seeks to constitute a Council of Muslim Religion which will be
responsible for the regulation of Muslim religious affairs in Singapore. …
This will be the first time that the Muslims of Singapore will have a body to
regulate their religious affairs. The Council of Muslim Religion will have
considerable executive powers and will not be merely an advisory body like the
Muslim Advisory Board.

[emphasis added].

22 It is self-evident from the above extracts that Parliament intended by the
enactment of the AMLA for the Majlis to be the body charged with the
responsibility of the administration of Muslim law and the regulation of
Muslim religious affairs. This was for the purposes of protecting and
safeguarding the Islamic religion in Singapore, consonant with the imprimatur
in Art 152(2) of the Constitution. Indeed, the preamble to the AMLA states
exactly that:

An Act relating to Muslims and to make provision for regulating Muslim
religious affairs and to constitute a council to advise on matters relating to
the Muslim religion in Singapore and a Syariah Court.

23 In furtherance of this objective, the Majlis was made the trustee of all
Muslim religious trusts including wakafs, and was charged with the
responsibility of dealing with their affairs. It cannot therefore be gainsaid
that the administration of wakafs including the appointment, management and
removal of trustees falls squarely within that remit, and s 58 of the AMLA
speaks clearly to that. I will elaborate on the significance of making the
Majlis a true “trustee” at [61] below.

The purported relationship between the Endowments Ordinance and the Trustees
Act

24 Section 58 of the AMLA has its origins in various legislative sources. I
summarise the legislative history as set out in the Comparative Table in the
1965 Bill in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Legislative sources of s 58(4) of the AMLA

Relevant provision in the AMLA| Source from which the provision is derived
from  
---|---  
Section 58(1) (reflected as s 59(1) in the 1965 Bill)| Section 88 of the
Pahang Administration of the Law of the Religion of Islam Enactment 1956 (No 5
of 1956) (“the Pahang Enactment”); and s 89(1) of the Penang Administration of
Muslim Law Enactment 1959 (No 3 of 1959) (“the Penang Enactment”).  
Section 58(2) (reflected as s 59(2) in the 1965 Bill)| Section 95 of the
Selangor Administration of Muslim Law Enactment 1952 (No 3 of 1952) (“the
Selangor Enactment”); s 89 of the Pahang Enactment; s 89(2) of the Penang
Enactment.  
Section 58(3) (reflected as s 59(3) in the 1965 Bill)| -  
Section 58(4) (reflected as s 59(4) in the 1965 Bill)| -  
  
25 Mr Tan pointed out that the summary in the Comparative Table of the 1965
Bill (reproduced in Table 2 above) is inaccurate as s 58(4) of the AMLA was in
fact derived from s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance. Section 4 of the Endowments
Ordinance states as follows:

Whenever it appears to the Governor in Council on the report of the Board that
–

(a) any endowment has been mismanaged;

(b) there are no trustees appointed for the management of any endowment; or

(c) it would be otherwise to the advantage of any endowment that the same
should be administered by the Board,

the Governor may order that such endowment shall be administered by the Board.

26 Mr Tan is correct; I note from the minutes of meeting in relation to the
AMLA Second Select Committee Report (“the Second Select Committee Minutes”)
reproduced at [30] below that s 58(4) of the AMLA was derived from s 4 of the
Endowments Ordinance. As noted in Table 1 above, before the AMLA was enacted,
the Endowments Ordinance represented the existing state of legislation. The
similarity between s 58(4) of the AMLA and s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance
coupled with the fact that the Endowments Ordinance represented the state of
affairs before the AMLA, were the key planks in Mr Tan’s submission that the
regimes under the two statutes were the same. Mr Tan and indeed the Plaintiff
were eager to make this point as there was some evidence, they contended, from
the Second Select Committee Minutes that the Trustees Ordinance operated
alongside the Endowments Ordinance to give the court power to replace
trustees.

27 Mr Tan and the Plaintiff pointed out that Trustees Act and the Trustees
Ordinance were substantially similar. The further argument that they therefore
made was that since the court had the power pursuant to the Trustees Ordinance
to replace trustees notwithstanding the existence of s 4 of the Endowments
Ordinance, it must follow that the court had the power to replace trustees
under the Trustees Act notwithstanding s 58(4) of the AMLA. However, this
argument assumes that the statutory regimes are the same or similar. But they
in fact are not. There are significant differences. I have pointed these
differences out at [35] below.

28 Before I highlight why I did not agree with Mr Tan’s and the Plaintiffs’
argument, I propose to reproduce the relevant parts of the Second Select
Committee Minutes that were referred to by them as evidence in support of the
position set out at [27] above. This extract concerns an exchange between the
Chairman of the Second Select Committee, Mr A P Rajah, the Attorney-General,
Inche Ahmad bin Mohamed Ibrahim, and Mr M J Namazie (“Mr Namazie”)
representing the Muslimin Trust Fund Association (“MTFA”). To give context and
flavour, this part of the Second Select Committee Minutes related to an
objection by the MTFA to the inclusion of cl 59(4)(c) of the 1965 Bill ie, s
58(4)(c) of the AMLA which I reproduce below for convenience:

(4) The trustees of the wakaf or nazar am appointed under the instrument
creating, governing or affecting the same shall, subject to the provisions of
this Act, manage the wakaf or nazar am but the Majlis shall have power to
appoint mutawallis, and for such purpose to remove any existing trustees,
where it appears to the Majlis that —

…

(c) it would be otherwise to the advantage of the wakaf or nazar am to appoint
a mutawalli.

29 The MTFA’s objection was stated in the following manner:

7\. Clause 59(4)(c)

The above subclause should in our opinion be deleted. Whilst we agree that if
the Trust or Wakaf is mismanaged or if there are no trustees of the Wakaf or
Trust, the Majlis should have power to appoint Mutawallis, we are strongly of
the view that it would be wrong to provide the Majlis with the additional
power of removing the Trustees and appointing others on the dubious ground
that it is to the advantage of the Wakaf or Nazr'am. The phrase "to the
advantage of" is wide and ambiguous. The Trustees may be arbitrarily removed
and others appointed by the Majlis not for any substantial reason but merely
because in the opinion of the majority of the members of the Majlis it is "of
advantage" to do so, when it may well not be so.

30 The discourse between Mr Namazie and the Attorney-General (“the Namazie-AG
Exchange”) was the main arrow in Mr Tan and the Plaintiffs’ quivers. Mr Tan
and the Plaintiffs sought to show that there was evidence from the Namazie-AG
Exchange that the Trustees Ordinance operated alongside the Endowments
Ordinance to allow a trustee of a wakaf to apply to court to remove another
trustee. They thus argued that the Trustees Act should – by extension –
operate alongside the AMLA to allow the Plaintiffs to apply to court to remove
the Defendant. I reproduce the relevant portions of the Namazie-AG Exchange:

Chairman

183\. Now, clause 59(4)(c). This is an existing clause in the Muslim and Hindu
Endowments Ordinance, I am told?" – That is so.

…

187\. Yes, do, Mr. Attorney-General? In the case of the Coronation Road
Mosque, there were two pieces of land, both endowed for the Mosque. But there
were two separate trustees, and these two trustees could not agree. … And the
Muslim and Hindu Endowments Board were able to step in, remove the trustees
and appoint a new committee of management and the Mosque has been enlarged.
(Mr. Namazie) One other way of meeting the problem is that one party could
have gone to the court to decide. The danger is that if the Majlis thinks it
is to its advantage - we are giving considerable powers to the Majlis. …

188\. So your Association's objection to clause 59 (4) (c) is that it gives
too much power to the Majlis without any restriction on that power, and the
objective aimed for under clause 59 (4) (c) could quite easily be obtained
under the existing machinery of the law? …

189\. So that your objection to clause 59 (4) (c) is that this puts the
trustees of mosques completely at the mercy of the Majlis? - It deals with
wakaf.

…

191\. Your view is that, in the event of something in the nature of what the
learned Attorney-General has said happening, then the normal law of the land
would be able to assist the parties to the dispute? - I do not know exactly
what the position would be because the property would be vested in the Majlis.

…

195\. That is the point you are trying to make, Mr. Namazie, to the advantage
- ? - Yes, whether the Muslim and Hindu Endowments Board exists or not. They
would apply to court under the Trustees Ordinance.

...

197\. The point is that the learned Attorney-General has said that where there
are two pieces of land adjoining each other and there is one mosque on those
two pieces of land, then unless we have clause 59 (4) (c) it will not be
possible to do anything for the furtherance of that mosque. Mr. Namazie said
no, he did not agree. In that event, you can go to the court and ask one set
of the trustees to be removed. And because of that, Mr. Namazie said clause 59
(4) (c) is not necessary. ….

198\. Very often it is not a question of mismanagement. It is a question of
disagreement. Sometimes it may not be mismanagement? - It was not
mismanagement?

…

[emphasis added].

31 I note that there were other parts of the Second Select Committee Minutes
where the United Malays National Organisation and Pertubohan Muslimin’s
representatives asked for cl 59(4)(c) to be deleted on similar grounds as
argued by Mr Namazie in the Namazie-AG Exchange. I do not intend to reproduce
those sections. The following specific arguments were made by Mr Tan and the
Plaintiffs in reliance on the Second Select Committee Minutes:

(a) Section 58(4) of AMLA (reflected as cl 59(4) of the 1965 Bill) was
included to give the Majlis a similar power to the Endowments Board (as
conferred by s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance) to deal with situations where
two or more sets of trustees could not agree but also could not be said to
have been guilty of mismanagement.

(b) Mr Namazie was of the view was that even if cll 59(4)(a) – (b) were
enacted to give the Majlis powers to remove trustees for mismanagement or to
appoint trustees in the absence of any trustee, that did not oust the
jurisdiction of the courts under the Trustees Ordinance. While one could say
that Mr Namazie’s views were solely that of the MTFA and not representative of
the drafter’s intent, at no point did the Attorney-General (as drafter)
suggest that cl 59(4) of the 1965 Bill circumscribed the court’s jurisdiction
to remove/appoint trustees under the Trustees Ordinance.

32 The Defendant on the other hand made the following arguments:

(a) The Second Select Committee Minutes did not support the argument that the
court’s jurisdiction under the Trustees Ordinance was not excluded by the
Endowments Ordinance, as there was no supporting case law for the proposition
that the Trustees Ordinance applied or conferred jurisdiction upon the court
to concurrently determine the removal and appointment of trustees of a wakaf.

(b) The Endowments Ordinance was radically different from the AMLA such that
the comparison of how the two statutes operated vis-à-vis other statutory
legislation would not be meaningful. The argument that the Trustees Ordinance
was not excluded by the Endowments Ordinance (on the assumption that the
Trustees Ordinance was applicable for the removal of trustees of a wakaf)
should thus be considered in light of the fact that the Endowments Ordinance
was a very different enactment to the AMLA. This position was supported by
local case law as well.

33 Did the Attorney-General’s silence in the face of Mr Namazie’s suggestion
that the court had jurisdiction and powers under the Trustees Ordinance to
replace trustees of a wakaf during the operation of the Endowments Ordinance
constitute clear evidence of the state of the law as asserted by Mr Namazie? I
do not think it does so. It does seem to be grasping at straws to argue that
the Attorney-General’s silence is sub silentio support for the proposition
that was being advanced. To my mind, the Attorney-General’s silence in
relation to Mr Namazie’s suggestions is at best equivocal. In fact, even that
conclusion is diluted; Mr Namazie himself noted that the state of the law
after the enactment of the AMLA was uncertain. Ultimately, what we have is the
opinion of one man asserted in the course of the cut and thrust of
Parliamentary interlocution. That hardly constituted adequate support for the
conclusion that Mr Tan and the Plaintiff wished to draw. I am therefore unable
to accept the submission on the basis of that “evidence” alone.

34 However, even if I were to give the benefit of doubt to the interpretation
that was advanced by the Plaintiffs and Mr Tan in relation to the Second
Select Committee Minutes, more importantly, the radical differences between
the AMLA and the Endowments Ordinance made the arrow from Mr Tan’s and the
Plaintiff’s quivers miss their target. The differences made the Trustees Act
inoperable alongside the AMLA as regards wakafs. It is to this that I now
turn.

The differences between the AMLA and the Endowments Ordinance

35 I first considered the broad differences between the Endowments Ordinance
and the AMLA. It would be useful to set out these differences.

The Board, unlike the Majlis, had no default administrative powers

36 I start by noting s 3(1) of the Endowments Ordinance which states that
“[t]he Governor may appoint a Board … for the superintendence of endowments
…”. The term “endowment” which was in turn defined in s 2 of the Endowments
Ordinance as including, inter alia, “any endowment in land or money given or
to be given for the support of any Muslim Mosque … or other Muslim … Shrine or
School or other Muslim … pious, religious, charitable or beneficial purpose”.
It is uncontroversial that a wakaf would and did fall within the ambit of s 2
of the Endowments Ordinance.

37 Section 4 of the Endowments Ordinance conferred administrative powers over
wakafs on the Board only under the three circumscribed situations provided for
therein; there were legal prerequisites that had to be satisfied in order for
the Board to administer a wakaf. I once again reproduce s 4 of the Endowments
Ordinance:

Whenever it appears to the Governor in Council on the report of the Board that
–

(a) any endowment has been mismanaged;

(b) there are no trustees appointed for the management of any endowment; or

(c) it would be otherwise to the advantage of any endowment that the same
should be administered by the Board,

the Governor may order that such endowment shall be administered by the Board.

[emphasis added].

38 It is clear that the Board was not by statutory default the sole custodian
of the administration of a wakaf. The party responsible for the administration
for the wakaf were the trustees appointed under or pursuant to the instrument
creating the wakaf. The Board stepped in only if at least one of the three
prescribed conditions in the Endowments Ordinance was met. However, the
position under the AMLA is vastly different. Section 58(2) of the AMLA
provides that “[n]otwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written
law or in any instrument or declaration creating, governing or affecting the
same, the Majlis shall administer all wakaf”.

39 Under the Endowments Ordinance, the trustee of the wakaf would administer
the wakaf unless there were grounds within s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance for
the Board to administer the wakaf. However, under the AMLA, the trustees of a
wakaf would not have any powers to administer the wakaf to begin with, as such
power vested automatically in the Majlis pursuant to s 58(2) of the AMLA. And
there is a good reason why this is so; I have addressed this at [40] below.
The trustees of a wakaf would only have the power to manage (as opposed to
administer) a wakaf under the supervision of the Majlis. Admittedly, the
jurisdiction of the Majlis to administer wakafs is much broader than that of
the Board under the Endowments Ordinance.

The Board did not by default have legal title to the wakaf property

40 I had alluded to this in the preceding paragraph. This point is neatly
encapsulated in the view expressed by the then Minister for Labour and Law, Mr
Byrne, in the second reading of the AMLA (see [19] above). The reason why the
AMLA vested exclusive domain in the Majlis over the administration of a wakaf
is because the AMLA , by s 59 of the same, vested all the property that is the
subject of the wakaf (“the wakaf property”) in the Majlis.

41 Section 59 of the AMLA states, inter alia, that wakaf property shall vest
automatically in the Majlis:

Vesting of wakaf and nazar am in Majlis

59\. All property subject to section 58 shall if situate in Singapore vest in
the Majlis, without any conveyance, assignment or transfer whatever, for the
purpose of the Baitulmal, wakaf or nazar am affecting the same.

42 It is axiomatic that legal title to the assets of the trust is vested in a
“English law trustee”. Consequently, such a trustee is charged with the
responsibility of administering its trust property. That is simply not the
case with trustees of a wakaf who neither have title to the property of the
wakaf – that resides with the Majlis pursuant to s 59 of the AMLA – nor powers
of administration which also reside with the Majlis pursuant to s 58(2) of the
AMLA.

43 The position under the s 59 of the AMLA ought to be contrasted with that
under s 5 of the Endowments Ordinance – wakaf property would only vest in the
Board from the date the Board administers the wakaf pursuant to an order made
under s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance. That meant that the Board only held
title to the wakaf property once it had assumed the administration of the
wakaf pursuant to s 4 of the Endowments Ordinance. Until that happened, the
trustees of the wakaf held title to the wakaf property and were therefore
responsible for its administration. Administration of the assets of the wakaf
was a necessary incident and ingredient to the vesting of title to the assets.
This is a significant difference as for all intents and purposes the trustees
of a wakaf under the Endowments Ordinance were more akin to an “English law
trustee”. Being more akin meant that the provisions of the Trustees Ordinance
and Trustees Act could arguably apply, as the trustee thereunder was modelled
on the “English law trustee”.

The Endowments Ordinance contemplated recourse to the court

44 Under the Endowments Ordinance, the power to remove any officer of a wakaf
rested with the Board pursuant to s 7(a) of the Endowments Ordinance. This
power, on its face, operated without any statutory limitation. However, any
officer removed by the Board could pursuant to s 8 of the Endowments Ordinance
“petition to the High Court appealing against such removal”. This right of
appeal has been removed from the AMLA, and I would suggest for a deliberate
reason (see [46] – [48] below). However, at the same time, I noted that
Parliament has balanced the absence of a right of appeal against the decision
of the Majlis by statutorily circumscribing the situations in s 58(4) of the
AMLA where the Majlis could appoint mutawallis and for that purpose remove
trustees.

45 Most importantly, a trustee of a wakaf had the option pursuant to s 12(1)
of the Endowments Ordinance to make an application to the Board in relation to
“any question or dispute relating to the [management and administration]” of a
wakaf. The section also provided that the Board’s advice was subject to “any
judicial order or direction which may be subsequently made or given by the
High Court.” Therefore, it is clear that s 12(1) of the Endowments Ordinance
contemplated that the trustees of a wakaf might make an application to the
court. It is perhaps for this reason that it subordinated the opinion of the
Board to that of the High Court, so as to deal with any potential conflict
between the decisions of both fora. Significantly, such a provision to deal
with any conflict in opinion between the Majlis and the court is absent in the
AMLA.

46 Under the AMLA, the relationship contemplated between the court and the
Majlis is in fact very different. In this regard, I refer to s 63 of the AMLA
which states as follows:

Construction of instrument

63.—(1) Where any question arises as to the validity of a Muslim charitable
trust or as to the meaning or effect of any instrument or declaration creating
or affecting any Muslim charitable trust, such question shall be determined in
accordance with the provisions of the Muslim law.

(2) If in the opinion of the Majlis the meaning or effect of any instrument or
declaration creating or affecting any wakaf or nazar is obscure or uncertain,
the Majlis may refer the same to the court for construction of the instrument
or declaration, and shall act in accordance with the construction so given by
the court.

(3) The court in construing the instrument or declaration shall do so in
accordance with the provisions of the Muslim law and shall be at liberty to
accept as proof of the Muslim law any definite statement on the Muslim law
made in any of the books referred to in section 114.

[emphasis added].

47 I make two points in relation to s 63 of the AMLA. First, s 63 confers on
the court the power only when the Majlis regards it as appropriate to invoke
the assistance of the court. Second, the court’s role had been carefully
circumscribed – the sole issue that the court may consider is the meaning and
effect of the instrument or declaration creating the wakaf and even then only
if the Majlis is of the view that there is obscurity or uncertainty on the
issue. Importantly, matters concerning the administration of the wakaf have
been carefully removed from the equation.

48 The four take-aways therefore are: (1) only the Majlis has the locus standi
to bring such an application; (2) the Majlis is the sole determinant of
whether the application ought to be brought; (3) the court’s jurisdiction is
limited to the construction of an instrument or declaration creating or
affecting a wakaf or nazar when referred to it by the Majlis as encapsulated
in s 63(2) of the AMLA; and, (4) by inference, the court does not have
jurisdiction over matters falling outside that situation which would include
the administration of wakafs.

49 I make an observation here. Even if the court granted the Plaintiffs the
relief they sought in OS 355, the Majlis still had the power pursuant to s
58(4) of the AMLA to take an opposing view from the court as and when it is
directed to it by the Defendant simply because it is statutorily empowered to
do so under s 58(4) of the AMLA. The Majlis might also act on its own motion
decide to remove the Plaintiffs and/or the Defendant as trustees of the wakaf
and appoint mutawallis instead on the same basis. I considered the
implications arising from this dichotomy and, for present purposes, I expand
on the implications of this conundrum at [51] to [59] below.

Summary of analysis of post-AMLA situation

50 Many important points emerge from the preceding analysis. In this section I
summarise the conclusions I have drawn. In the main, I concluded that
Parliament could not have intended for the trustees of the wakaf to have
recourse to the court upon the enactment of the AMLA because (1) such
concurrent jurisdiction might lead to inconsistent decisions and different
standards applied by the Majlis and the court; (2) it vested title and
administrative control as a result solely in the Majlis; and, (3) it had
already clearly delineated the scope of the court’s jurisdiction which could
only be invoked by the Majlis.

Risk of inconsistent decisions: different standards and different laws

51 It might have well been the case that the trustee of a wakaf could have
made an application to the High Court under the Trustees Ordinance when there
was a dispute as between trustees. Such a possibility can be said to have been
contemplated in s 12(1) of the Endowments Ordinance. Additionally, a dispute
between trustees would not in the ordinary course be dealt with by the Board,
as the Board did not automatically administer wakafs. Therefore, in that
context, it would have made sense for the trustees of a wakaf to apply to the
court to settle their disputes; the court might in turn decide to apply the
Trustees Ordinance; although, this approach might in itself be incorrect if
one took the view that a wakaf was a Muslim law juridical creature and not a
trust within the meaning of the Trustees Ordinance. Nevertheless, the court in
such a situation would have likely granted the relief sought by the trustees
of a wakaf under the Trustees Ordinance on the basis that they could be
likened to “English law trustees” ie, both held legal title for the benefit of
another and were consequently charged with the responsibility of administering
the wakaf.

52 Under s 12(1) of the Trustees Ordinance, the trustees of a wakaf could also
have also applied to the Board to resolve their disputes. Even if the trustees
adopted both courses of action and applied to the Board and the High Court,
there is no danger of inconsistent orders as any opinion of the Board is
subordinated to any judicial order or direction pursuant to s 12(1) of the
Endowments Ordinance.

53 These features are absent in the AMLA. Therefore, as rightly pointed out by
the Majlis in their submissions to the court, there was a risk of inconsistent
decisions being issued by the Majlis and the court on the same issue if
trustees of a wakaf had recourse to both fora in petitioning for the removal
of another trustee of the wakaf. There is no mechanism a la s 12(1) of the
Endowments Ordinance that elevates a judicial order over the decision of the
Majlis. There is also no permissive provision that suggests that the trustee
of a wakaf had recourse to both fora. These are clear tell-tale signs of what
was intended.

54 It should be observed that s 58(4) gives the Majlis the power to appoint
mutawallis and for that purpose an incidental power to remove trustees of a
wakaf for that purpose. There is no unbridled power to remove a trustee.
Therefore, should the Majlis decide to remove a trustee, it would at the same
time have to appoint a mutawalli as a necessary pre-condition for the exercise
of its statutory power. On the other hand, no such limitation exists under the
Trustees Act. Indeed, the court is not circumscribed by the clear statutory
limitation that is imposed on the Majlis under s 58(4)(a) – (c) of the AMLA
when exercising its powers under the Trustees Act. At the same time, unlike
the Majlis, the court has no jurisdiction to appoint mutawallis (as opposed to
trustees) under the Trustees Act, a point which the Plaintiff conceded in the
course of submissions.

55 All of these are the recipe for an ideal cocktail for inconsistent
decisions. Several less than satisfactory results could thus ensue if
concurrent jurisdiction is recognised. First, the specific process recognised
under s 58(4) of the AMLA for the exercise of the Majlis’ incidental power to
remove trustees could effectively be bypassed making in the process a mockery
of what Parliament clearly by enacting the provision. Second, it would also
make a mockery of s 63(2) of the AMLA which carves out clearly the
circumstances under which the court’s assistance may be sought; there are no
other provisions in the AMLA that allow the court to decide on matters
relating to a wakaf. I dealt with this in further detail at [46] – [48] above.
Third, it carries the risk of different outcomes resulting depending on which
jurisdiction – the AMLA or the Trustees Act – is invoked simply because the
powers, and the tests and law applied in exercising them are different.
Fourth, it allows a backdoor challenge on the merits, effectively an appeal,
to be heard by the court if a trustee of a wakaf is dissatisfied with the
Majlis’ determination under s 58(4) of the AMLA. It is noteworthy that the
AMLA does not provide a right of appeal to the court against the Majlis’
decision. Fifth, conversely, it could create a backdoor challenge to the
decisions of both the High Court and the Court of Appeal under the Trustees
Act by taking effectively the same issues to the Majlis under s 58(4) of the
AMLA.

56 These situations would lead to a very uncomfortable paradigm where the
Majlis and the court could render two conflicting decisions on the same issue
applying different statutory standards and indeed, different laws – the court
applying the common law in relation to the Trustees Act, and the Majlis
applying Muslim law under the AMLA. It is amply clear to me that Parliament
could not have intended such a paradigm. To my mind, the inexorable conclusion
must be that Parliament through the enactment of the AMLA intended that the
Majlis was to be the only forum where trustees of a wakaf could direct their
disputes..

The administrative powers are vested in the Majlis

57 The enactment of the AMLA led to the Majlis automatically assuming
administrative powers over a wakaf and being vested with title to the wakaf
property. This in my view was a deliberate step by Parliament consonant with
its intention to centralise the administration and regulation of Muslim
religious affairs in a single body viz, the Majlis, with the enactment of the
AMLA. Therefore at the very outset, the trustees of the wakaf are not trustees
as contemplated by the Trustees Act as they do not hold title to the wakaf
property, and are not responsible for the administration of the wakaf. This
would suggest the trustees of the wakaf would have no locus standi to petition
for any relief in relation to the wakaf (see also the discussion of Syed Abbas
and locus standi at [68] – [69] below).

58 Additionally, s 58(2) of the AMLA makes it clear that the administration of
a wakaf is the province solely of the Majlis by the inclusion of the words
“[n]otwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written law”. The
appointment of mutawallis and the removal of trustee for that purpose under s
58(4) of the AMLA is one aspect of the administration of a wakaf. Therefore,
even if is it assumed arguendo that it was conceptually possible to apply the
provisions relating to the court’s power in the Trustees Act (which applies to
trustees in the English law sense as received in Singapore law) to the
trustees of a wakaf, it is impossible in my view to cross the statutory hurdle
imposed by s 58(2) of the AMLA – the power to remove trustees would rest
solely with the Majlis notwithstanding other powers in any written law.

The limited jurisdiction of the court could only be invoked by the Majlis

59 A declaration that a trustee of a wakaf could apply under the Trustees Act
also undermines s 63 of the AMLA that carefully limits the jurisdiction of the
court to issues that are directed to it by the Majlis. In this regard, s 63(2)
of the AMLA narrowly allows the court’s involvement in issues concerning
construction in relation to a wakaf and even then, only if the Majlis sees fit
and makes the application. I should add that the removal of the right of a
trustee of a wakaf to appeal the decision of the Majlis to the court is but
another step in the same direction, viz, limiting of the court’s jurisdiction.
Unlike the Endowments Ordinance where trustees could appeal the decision of
the Board to the court, the court’s participation under the AMLA is at the
behest of the Majlis and only with regard to very clearly circumscribed
situations, pursuant to s 63 of the AMLA. The ineluctable conclusion is
therefore that any application to remove trustees should be directed to the
Majlis and not the court.

The Trustees Act does not apply to trustees of a wakaf: the case law

60 The cases decided subsequent to the enactment of the AMLA support my
reading of s 58(4) of the AMLA and conclusion that the Trustees Act did not
confer on the court subject matter jurisdiction over wakafs in light of the
enactment of the AMLA. I will discuss two significant decisions.

61 As noted at [42] above, the hallmarks of an English law trust are that the
trustee (1) holds legal title over the trust property and (2) is responsible
for administration of trust. The AMLA has statutorily taken away from the
trustee of a wakaf both these elements pursuant to ss 58(2) and 59 of the
AMLA. It is perhaps in light of this that Parliament noted that the Majlis had
become the “trustee” of all wakafs (see [19] above). The case law echoes the
same conclusion.

62 The first is the decision of the Court of Appeal in LS Investment. In that
case, a testator made a will and passed away. The Majlis ie, the respondent,
made requests to the trustees of the properties of the testator for a copy of
the will to ascertain whether the testator had created a wakaf. The trustees
refused to accede to the request. One of the trustees executed an agreement to
sell the one of the properties (“the Property”) to the appellant. The trustees
then obtained an ex parte order under s 59(1) of the Trustees Act empowering
them to sell the Property and purchase another property with the proceeds
thereof. After the completion of the sale of the Property, the Majlis lodged a
caveat on the Property on the basis that it was the lawful owner of the
Property under s 59 of the AMLA. The appellant applied to expunge the caveat.
The High Court ruled that the sale of the Property to the appellant was void
as title to the Property, which was the subject of a wakaf, vested in the
Majlis pursuant to s 59 of the AMLA. On appeal, the Court of Appeal upheld the
decision of the High Court on this point but allowed the appeal to the limited
extent that the appellant was to be reimbursed the expenditures incurred in
the redevelopment works in relation to the Property. The Court of Appeal then
stated clearly that the legal landscape that existed prior to the enactment of
the AMLA had been changed by its enactment in the following manner:

33 A related argument of the appellant is that even assuming that the legal
title to the property vests in the Majlis, the trustees of the property still
had a power of sale. Counsel submitted that as s 58(4) of AMLA allows the
trustees to manage the wakaf, this should include the power to apply to court
to approve the sale of a wakaf property and the purchase of another property
in substitution thereof. The appellant said that under general Muslim law a
trustee may apply to court for substitution and cited AA Fyzee on Outlines of
Muhammadan Law (4th Ed) in support thereof, where the learned author stated
(at p 289):

As a wakaf is a permanent endowment, perpetuity is ensured by the doctrine
that wakf property belongs to God and cannot be alienated by human beings for
their own purposes. Hence the rule of law that wakf property is not alienable.

Although wakf property cannot be sold, transferred or encumbered, in a fit
case the mutawalli (the trustee) may apply to the court, and for the
protection or the better management of the wakf, he may sell or grant leases
with the court’s express permission. The prohibition to sell must not be
confused with a mere variation of investment, and the courts have often
consented readily to allow an alteration in the form of investment.

34 The appellant contended that the right of the trustees to apply to court
for approval is not altered by s 59 of AMLA. Since under s 58(4) the trustees
are given the power to manage the wakaf, this power to manage must include the
power to apply to court.

35 It seems to us that the position as set out by Fyzee above is the position
under general Muslim law. That would have been the position in Singapore prior
to the coming into operation of AMLA. The authority given under s 58(4) to the
trustees of a wakaf to manage the wakaf is expressly subject to the provisions
of AMLA. It will be recalled that under s 58(2), the Majlis is to administer
all wakafs. AMLA clearly draws a distinction between “administer” and
“manage”. In our opinion what is encompassed in the function “to administer”
must be viewed in the light of the following provisions in that Act:

59 All property subject to section 58 shall if situate in Singapore vest in
the Majlis, without any conveyance, assignment or transfer whatever, for the
purpose of the Baitulmal, wakaf or nazar am affecting the same.

…

[emphasis added].

63 As seen thus far, the court in LS Investment noted that while the trustees
of a wakaf could have applied to court prior to enactment of the AMLA, that
was no longer the case after the enactment of the AMLA. This point has been
supplemented by my analysis (at [57] – [58] above) on how the AMLA conferred
sole administrative powers over a wakaf to the Majlis.

64 The court in LS Investment also noted that the trustees of a wakaf were no
longer trustees in the English law sense in the following manner:

36 The net effect of these provisions is that legal title to wakaf properties
vests in the Majlis; that the Majlis shall hold the documents of title
relating to wakaf properties; that it is for the Majlis to prepare any cy près
scheme; and that it is for the Majlis to refer to court for an opinion if the
meaning or effect of any instrument creating a wakaf is obscure or uncertain.
In our opinion, in the light of the scheme of things laid down in AMLA, we do
not think that it falls within the province of the trustees, as managers, to
apply to court to approve the sale under s 59 of the Trustees Act. The
trustees did not hold the title to the wakaf property. They were no longer
trustees in the English law sense, viz, someone who holds the legal title for
the benefit of another or for certain specified objects. As managers, the
trustees’ (in Muslim law they are called “mutawallis”) functions are only to
manage the wakaf property and to apply the income as directed in the trust
instrument. Under AMLA, control of all wakafs vests with the Majlis. It must
be borne in mind that under s 58(4) the Majlis is empowered to remove the
trustees of a wakaf when it appears to the Majlis that the wakaf has been
mismanaged or it would be to the advantage of the wakaf to appoint a
mutawalli.

37 While it is true that in this case the trustees, pursuant to s 59(1) of the
Trustees Act, did apply and obtain an order of court empowering them to sell
the property, that was an ex parte order and the court’s attention was not
drawn to s 59 of AMLA. Such a court order empowering sale cannot confer title
upon the party where that party does not possess title to the property in the
first place. Section 59(1) of Trustees Act only applies “where in the
management or administration of any property vested in trustees …”. Here the
property did not vest in the trustees but in the Majlis.

[emphasis added].

65 In sum, a number of points can be gleaned from the decision of the Court of
Appeal in LS Investment. First, the trustees of a wakaf could have applied to
court to sell, lease or grant the property, only “prior to the coming into
operation of AMLA”. Second, it was not within the province of the trustees of
a wakaf to apply to court to sell the wakaf property as they did not hold
legal title. Third, control of all wakafs vests with the Majlis and that the
removal of trustees and the appointment of mutawallis was a facet of control
which the Majlis possessed (at [36]). The collective effect is that the
trustees of a wakaf may not apply to court to remove another trustee just as
they may not apply to the court for the power of sale. This is because
“[u]nder AMLA, control of all wakafs vests with [the Majlis]”.

66 The Court of Appeal also noted that the trustees of a wakaf could not apply
under the Trustees Act as “they were no longer trustees in the English law
sense, viz, someone who holds the legal title for the benefit of another or
for certain specified objects”. The Court of Appeal most logically here points
out that the Trustees Act could only be invoked by a trustee in the English
law sense. I note that on this point alone, the Plaintiffs’ application to
remove a trustee of the wakaf under the Trustees Act must fail, as the
Plaintiffs and the Defendant were not trustees in the English law sense;
consequently, the Trustees Act does not apply to them.

67 I highlight for completeness that the Court of Appeal similarly upheld the
decision of the High Court that the Trustees Act did not apply to a wakaf in
Abdul Rahman bin Mohamed Yunoos and another (trustees of the estate of M Haji
Meera Hussain, deceased) v Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura [1995] 2 SLR(R) 394.

68 I refer also to the decision of the High Court in Syed Abbas. The Majlis
appointed a mutawalli in relation to the Raja Siti Trust. The applicants in
that case (“the Applicants”) were the executors of the will of the son of the
testator of the Raja Siti Trust. They applied to the High Court seeking to be
either declared or appointed trustees of the Raja Siti Trust in place of the
Majlis. Later in the proceedings, the Applicants changed their position and
asserted that they were not asking for the removal of the Majlis, but were
merely seeking appointment as mutawallis. The High Court had to consider
whether it could and should exercise its power under s 42 of the Trustees Act
to appoint the Applicants as mutawallis. The High Court ruled that the
Applicants had no locus standi and observed that even if the Applicants had
locus standi it would not have granted the Applicants’ application. The court
observed as follows:

39 In LS Investment Pte Ltd v Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura [1998] 3 SLR(R)
369, the Court of Appeal considered how wakaf were to be administered in light
of the AMLA provisions in force. It observed at [36] that the effect of s
58(2) of AMLA was that the true trustee of all wakaf is the Respondent in whom
(by virtue of s 59 of AMLA) all wakaf property vests. A trustee named in an
instrument setting up a wakaf is not a trustee in the English sense of the
word, but a mutawalli, ie, an administrator or a manager. By s 58(2) of AMLA,
Parliament clearly signalled its intention that the Respondent should oversee
the administration of all wakaf. Section 58(2) provides:

…

In other words, the Respondent is empowered by AMLA to administer all wakaf
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Trustees Act. To invoke
the Trustees Act to seek the removal of the Respondent from a position that it
has been statutorily appointed to would be inconsistent with parliamentary
intention.

40 At a late stage in the proceedings before me, the Applicants changed tack
and said that they were not seeking the removal of the Respondent as trustee,
but merely seeking to be appointed as mutawallis pursuant to s 42 of the
Trustees Act. In essence, their submission was that the statutory provision
made the court competent to appoint mutawallis to a Muslim wakaf. I did not
agree.

41 First, the “trust” in the Trustees Act undoubtedly refers to that under
English law as received in Singapore and does not extend to encompass the
Muslim wakaf. For example, Part III of the Trustees Act gives the trustee
power to sell trust assets, which mutawallis, in whom trust property does not
vest, cannot do without the approval of the Respondent. Similarly, s 35 of the
Trustees Act allows the court to make an order vesting interests in land held
in trust in such persons as it may direct. However, under AMLA, it is in the
Respondent alone that title to trust property will vest. The concepts of
“trust” under the Trustees Act and “wakaf” in AMLA are clearly distinct. It is
untenable that certain provisions in the Trustees Act are to be selectively
applied to facilitate the appointment of mutawallis, while others are ignored.
It would be anomalous to make an appointment of a mutawalli under the Trustees
Act and yet say that none of the powers conferred by that legislation could be
enjoyed by the appointee.

42 Second, there is no need to adopt a strained reading of the Trustees Act to
appoint a mutawalli to a wakaf when ss 58(4) and 58(5) of AMLA already confer
power on the Respondent to appoint and remove mutawallis and to remove
existing trustees from a wakaf.

[emphasis added].

69 As noted in Syed Abbas, a wakaf differs from an English law trust as
received in Singapore law. What follows, is that the Trustees Act cannot apply
to trustees of a wakaf, as the Trustees Act deals with an English law trusts
as received in Singapore law. In any case, as noted in Syed Abbas at [39], the
true “trustee” of a wakaf is the Majlis; consequently, a trustee of a wakaf
would not even have the locus standi to bring an application under the
Trustees Act.

70 I subscribe to the views on dissonance between a trust under the Trustees
Act and a wakaf under the AMLA expressed in Syed Abbas. Given this dissonance
and the removing of title and administration from the trustees by Parliament,
the fair conclusion must be that Parliament intended the Trustees Act not to
apply concurrently to a wakaf.

71 These decisions are consonant with my analysis of the AMLA and the
conclusions I have drawn from the same. I refer back to my discussion on the
differences between the Endowments Ordinance and the AMLA at [35] – [49]
above. Under the Endowments Ordinance, the trustees of a wakaf would have had
legal title to the wakaf property. Therefore, they arguably had the locus
standi to make an application in relation to the wakaf under the Trustees
Ordinance as they were akin “English law trustees” viz, they held legal title
to property for a beneficiary. In this regard, the court in Syed Abbas rightly
makes the point that in the context of the AMLA, the true “trustee” (if one
were to reason based on English law trust principles) was the Majlis as it was
the one who held legal title; consequently, it would seem that the Majlis
would in theory have the locus standi to bring an application to remove a
trustee of a wakaf pursuant to the Trustees Act. However, this latter position
is equally untenable because the Trustees Act would only apply to an English
law trust. As noted by the Court of Appeal in LS Investment, the wakaf is a
Muslim law juridical creature and is not be approximated to an English law
trust. Therefore, it appears that the Majlis would not be able to direct a
question to the court pursuant to the Trustees Act. However, Parliament
appears to have understood these difficulties, and it is for this reason that
it enacted s 63 of the AMLA to give the Majlis an avenue to direct questions
to the court when it deemed necessary.

72 I note that Mr Tan also submitted that a distinction should be drawn
between a wakaf contemplated in the AMLA and an “aspirational” wakaf. He
argued that a wakaf under AMLA was based on the equitable doctrine of English
law charitable purpose trust but with additional statutory attributes. In his
view, the wakaf under the AMLA was a chimera which is predicated on a
statutory modification of the English law charitable trust. In other words, an
English law charitable purpose trust dressed up with features of a wakaf.

73 Given the Court of Appeal’s view in LS Investment that the wakaf was a
Muslim law juridical concept, I do not think that there is a sound basis for
this submission.

The term “trustees” in s 58(4) of the AMLA is used contextually

74 I now turn to the distinct use of the terms “trustees” and “mutawallis” in
s 58(4) of the AMLA. The Plaintiffs argued – albeit tangentially – that
because s 58(4) of the AMLA distinguishes between “trustees” and “mutawallis”,
it must mean that the Trustees Act applies to those who fall within the
definition of “trustees”. This argument is unmeritorious.

75 The definition of a mutawalli simpliciter in s 2 of the AMLA might seem
unhelpful at first blush in ascertaining the Parliamentary intention behind
the distinct use of “trustees” and “mutawallis” in s 58(4) of the AMLA; it
states that the term “mutawalli” includes a trustee. Therefore we would have
to distinguish between a mutawalli within the meaning of s 58(4) of the AMLA
(“s 58(4) mutawalli”) and a mutawalli simpliciter as defined in s 2 of the
AMLA, which must include “trustees” as referred to in s 58(4) of the AMLA.

76 On closer inspection of s 58(4) of the AMLA, it was clear to me that the
terms “trustees” and “mutawalli” are used to identify the distinct ways by
which an individual might be appointed to manage a wakaf. The trustee referred
to in s 58(4) of the AMLA is essentially a mutawalli appointed under the
instrument/declaration creating the wakaf. This is in contrast to a s 58(4)
mutawalli who would be an individual appointed by the Majlis to manage the
trust.

77 In light of the above analysis, the use of the term “trustees” in s 58(4)
of the AMLA did not ipso facto suggest that the Trustees Act applies to these
individuals. This is because the term “trustees” in s 58(4) of the AMLA is
used contextually to refer to a class of mutawallis who are appointed pursuant
to the trust instrument/declaration.

Application of principles to the present case

78 Having analysed both the Majlis’ powers as administrator of the wakaf and
under s 58(4) of the AMLA, and the legislative position in Singapore after the
enactment of the AMLA, I decided that I did not have subject matter
jurisdiction over the VCT under the Trustees Act.

79 First, it was clear that Parliament’s intention in enacting the AMLA was to
safeguard and protect the Muslim religion by giving the Majlis the power to
regulate Muslim religious affairs. While Parliament gave the Majlis the power
to refer questions to the court under s 63 of the AMLA, it must be remembered
it was within the Majlis’ purview to decide if it should refer such a question
to the court. Parliament therefore circumscribed the role of the court from
that which existed before the enactment of the AMLA.

80 Parliament also made the Majlis the true “trustee” of a wakaf by
automatically vesting property in it pursuant to s 59 of the AMLA and giving
it sole dominion over the administration of wakafs pursuant to s 58(2) of the
AMLA “[n]otwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any written law”.  
This coupled with the confirmation by the Court of Appeal in LS Investment (at
[36]) that a wakaf was different from a trust within the Trustees Act and that
trustees of a wakaf were not trustees within the Trustees Act meant that
trustees of a wakaf did not have the requisite locus standi to bring an
application pursuant to the Trustees Act. It is equally clear that there was
no written law that conferred on this court subject matter jurisdiction over a
wakaf. In the premises, the Plaintiffs’ application in OS 355 to ask this
court to remove a trustee of a wakaf was legally unsustainable as the court
had no subject matter jurisdiction over the VCT pursuant to the Trustees Act
and the Plaintiffs had no locus standi to bring OS 355.

Observations on the operation of the SCJA

81 Both parties directed me to the provisions of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”). The arguments focusing on
the SCJA related to whether the SCJA excluded the court’s subject matter
jurisdiction over a wakaf. I set out the relevant provisions:

Civil jurisdiction — general

16.—(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where —

(a) the defendant is served with a writ of summons or any other originating
process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice
Rules; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court or Family Justice Rules; or

(b) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have such jurisdiction as is vested in it by any other written law.

Civil jurisdiction — specific

17\. Without prejudice to the generality of section 16, the civil jurisdiction
of the High Court shall include —

(a) jurisdiction under any written law relating to divorce and matrimonial
causes;

(b) jurisdiction under any written law relating to matters of admiralty;

(c) jurisdiction under any written law relating to bankruptcy or to companies;

(d) jurisdiction to appoint and control guardians of infants and generally
over the persons and property of infants;

(e) jurisdiction to appoint and control guardians and keepers of the persons
and estates of idiots, mentally disordered persons and persons of unsound
mind; and

(f) jurisdiction to grant probates of wills and testaments, letters of
administration of the estates of deceased persons and to alter or revoke such
grants.

[emphasis added].

82 I also note that pursuant to s 17A of the SCJA, Parliament provided for
situations where there would be concurrent jurisdiction on certain issues
relating to matrimonial proceedings between the Syariah Court (constituted
under the AMLA) and the High Court. Section 17A provides as follows:

Civil jurisdiction — concurrent jurisdiction with Syariah Court in certain
matters

17A.—(1) Notwithstanding sections 16 and 17, the High Court shall have no
jurisdiction to hear and try any civil proceedings involving matters which
come within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court under section 35(2)(a), (b)
or (c) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap. 3) in which all the
parties are Muslims or where the parties were married under the provisions of
the Muslim law.

(2) Notwithstanding that such matters come within the jurisdiction of the
Syariah Court under section 35(2)(d) or (e), 51 or 52(3)(c) or (d) of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act, the High Court shall have jurisdiction as is
vested in it by any written law to hear and try any civil proceedings
involving matters relating to —

(a) maintenance for any wife or child;

(b) custody of any child; and

(c) disposition or division of property on divorce.

…

83 The Defendant briefly alluded to the point that since the s 17A of the SCJA
nowhere declares the jurisdiction of the court over wakafs within its fold,
the court by implication had no jurisdiction over a wakaf pursuant to the
SCJA. This point is not relevant to the present dispute. Pursuant to s 16(2)
of the SCJA, the court would only have subject matter jurisdiction over a
wakaf if it was conferred jurisdiction pursuant to any written law. This is
why the Plaintiffs argued albeit unsuccessfully that the court had
jurisdiction over a wakaf pursuant to the Trustees Act. Nevertheless, since
the issue of s 17A of the SCJA was raised, I propose to make a few brief
observations on its legislative history and operation.

84 Prior to the 1999 Amendments of the AMLA and the consequential amendments
to the SCJA, s 16(2) of the version of the SCJA then in force (“Pre-1999
SCJA”) was expressed as follows:

Notwithstanding subsection (1), the High Court shall have no jurisdiction to
hear and try any civil proceeding which comes within the jurisdiction of the
Syariah Court constituted under the Administration of Muslim Law Act.

85 Notwithstanding the above, it was the case that many members of the Muslim
community still applied to the courts to have their matrimonial matters
determined. It is not difficult to see why this was possible as the provisions
conferring jurisdiction of the court over parties in s 16(1) of the SCJA are
wide and Muslim parties might be able to bring themselves within the in
personam jurisdiction of the courts under s 16(1) of the SCJA. Whether this
approach was correct given the wording of s 16(2) of the Pre–1999 SCJA is not
relevant to the point I am going to make. It is sufficient to note that Muslim
community had become comfortable with the arrangement where Muslim parties had
recourse to both the courts and the Syariah Courts in certain matrimonial
matters.

86 During the 1999 Amendments, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi, then Minister for
Community Development expressed the view that the then existing norm where
both the courts and the Syariah Courts assumed jurisdiction over matrimonial
matters had become questionable. He noted as follows (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (30 June1966) cols 440 – 442):

Both the Syariah Court and the Civil Courts have co-existed for many years.
They have complemented each …

…

This situation changed in 1995 when, in the case of [Salijah bte Ab Latef v
Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah Teo [1996] 2 SLR(R) 80] the Court of Appeal ruled that
Muslims cannot seek a Declaration from the High Court. Even though the Court
of Appeal ultimately granted a Mandatory Injunction to give effect to the
Syariah Court's order, there was concern that this meant that in future,
Muslims could no longer turn to the Civil Courts as they did before.

This concern was exacerbated when in November 1996, in [Lathibaby Bevi v Abdul
Mustapha [1996] 3 SLR(R) 698], the High Court ruled that it had no
jurisdiction to hear custody and maintenance cases involving Muslim children …

87 The SCJA was amended subsequent to the 1999 Amendments to the AMLA and the
court was granted jurisdiction over matrimonial affairs under, inter alia,
circumstanced listed in s 17A(2) of the SCJA. In this regard, I note that
notwithstanding this carve-out, Mr Tarmugi highlighted the baseline position
in the following manner (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (30
June1966) cols 443):

… What the Bill proposes is that, as a base, the Syariah Court would have
jurisdiction over all matters presently within its jurisdiction where the
parties are Muslims or were married according to Muslim law. …

88 It became apparent from the analysis of the Hansard and the legislative
position that s 17A of the SCJA was enacted to extend the court’s jurisdiction
to specific matters pertaining to Muslim parties and allow the court to assume
jurisdiction over matters that might fall within the remit of the Syariah
Court. The fact that the jurisdiction did not extend to include the powers of
the Majlis does indicate that it was not intended that the court is to have
concurrent jurisdiction over matters that the Majlis was to administer.

89 Having said that, the changes in relation to s 17A of the SCJA pertained to
matrimonial issues relating to Muslim parties. It did not lend any direct
assistance to the issue at hand. I focused parties instead on the key question
in this case: did any written laws confer on the court subject matter
jurisdiction over a wakaf? The Plaintiffs were not successful in identifying
any such laws.

The inherent powers of the court

90 OS 355 was brought by the Plaintiffs urging the court to exercise its
inherent powers in accordance with the Trustees Act. As noted above, the
Trustees Act does not give this court subject matter jurisdiction on the
wakaf. On this basis alone, the Plaintiffs application in OS 355 was legally
unsustainable.

91 The parties raised the point – albeit tangentially – that this court might
have some kind of residual inherent jurisdiction over a wakaf and incidental
powers to remove trustees of a wakaf. As OS 355 could be adequately disposed
of on the basis that the Trustees Act does not give this court subject matter
jurisdiction over the wakaf, I saw no need to decide on this court’s residual
jurisdiction over a wakaf. In any case, I make some observations on this
issue.

92 The Court of Appeal has provided guidance on when this residual inherent
jurisdiction and powers of the court should be exercised in the decision of
Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821. The Court
of Appeal noted (at [27]) that “need” was the central touchstone for its
invocation. The court also observed (at [30]) that “reasonably strong or
compelling reasons showing why that jurisdiction should be invoked.” The Court
of Appeal also cited (at [27]) Sir Jack Jacob’s view in “The Inherent
Jurisdiction of the Court”, published in Current Legal Problems 1970, that the
inherent jurisdiction may be invoked only “when it is just and equitable to do
so and in particular to ensure the observance of the due process of law”. A
fortiori, the inherent jurisdiction of the court cannot be invoked when the
statutory avenues have not been observed and exhausted.

93 I must point out that I would have not exercised my inherent residual
jurisdiction and powers over a wakaf (if any) in the present case because the
Plaintiffs had clearly not exhausted the statutory avenue available to them.
The entire application also seems to have been brought for reasons less than
proper and the Plaintiffs had refused to refer their dispute with the
Defendant to the Majlis. I now turn to this.

The Plaintiffs refused to exhaust the statutory avenue available to them

94 The facts are salient. On 29 December 2014, the Defendant proposed that he
and the Plaintiffs met the Majlis in order to sort out the various
disagreements that he had with the Plaintiffs and regularise the management of
the VCT. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 20 May 2015, para 22.

95 The Majlis agreed to a meeting with the Plaintiffs and the Defendant on 24
February 2015. The parties then sought to fix an appropriate time. Two of the
three Plaintiffs confirmed their availability on 1 April 2015. They stated
that they were only available to meet the Majlis between 18 and 22 May 2015.
Before this meeting could even take place, the Plaintiffs filed OS 355 on 21
April 2015. The Plaintiffs seemed to be bent on avoiding the Majlis and
undermining its authority as the administrator of the VCT. In the premises, I
would not have exercised my inherent residual jurisdiction and powers over a
wakaf (if any) in the present case.

96 Even if the Plaintiffs had concerns over the Majlis’ administration of the
VCT (see [103] below), they nevertheless had to allow the Majlis to decide on
the present dispute between the Plaintiffs and the Defendant in relation to
the removal of the Defendant as trustee as Parliament intended that
responsibility to vest with the Majlis. The only remedy the Plaintiffs might
then have had would be to judicially review the decision of the Majlis based
on principles of administrative law. Even then, the Plaintiffs could only seek
to impugn the decision of the Majlis if they can show that the Majlis acted
illegally, irrationally or in a procedurally improper manner. The court will
not review the substantive merits of the Majlis’ decision in a judicial
review. I should hasten to point out that these are only my provisional
observations, and they are not to be construed as impliedly suggesting that
the Plaintiffs would have satisfied all other threshold requirements that the
law might require an applicant to satisfy in bringing a judicial review.

Conclusion

97 In summary, the court does not have subject matter jurisdiction over the
wakaf under the Trustees Act. The wakaf was a Muslim law juridical creature
and not a trust within the meaning of the Trustees Act. The trustees of a
wakaf are similarly not trustees within the meaning of the Trustees Act as
they do not hold title to the property nor have administration of the trust,
key attributes of an English law trustee. The trustees of the wakaf would
therefore not have the locus standi to bring an application under the Trustees
Act.

98 Parliament intended that the wakaf was to be administered by the Majlis.
Indeed, the Majlis had the power to remove trustees under s 58(4) of the AMLA.
The Plaintiffs have avoided going to the Majlis, possibly with the view that
they might obtain a more favourable outcome from the court.

99 As an aside, I must highlight that the court’s processes are not to be used
to deliberately undermine the statutory authority afforded by Parliament to
the Majlis. That would be an abuse of process and naturally, ought to be
rebuffed emphatically.

100 In light of the above, the Defendant succeeded in Sum 2415 and OS 355 was
struck out.

Postscript: events after I struck out OS 355

101 I aim to set out the events that transpired after my decision in Sum 2415
to give context on why the costs of Sum 2415 have not been dealt with.

102 I had invited the parties to submit on costs at the conclusion of the
hearing of Sum 2415. As the parties were not ready to make submissions on
costs, I allowed them to return on an adjourned date for this purpose. At the
adjourned hearing on costs on 30 December 2015, I acceded to the Majlis’
request for an adjournment that was conveyed through counsel for the
Defendant. The Majlis sought the adjournment to seek legal advice in relation
to the submissions made by the Plaintiffs as regards its administration of the
VCT.

103 In their written submissions on costs in Sum 2415 filed on 24 December
2015, the Plaintiffs submitted that the Majlis’ administration of the VCT was
less than satisfactory. They also seemed to suggest that the Majlis acquiesced
in the commencement and prosecution of OS 355 by staying silent and not
registering its position. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiffs submissions dated 24 December 2015, para 10.

I note that none of this surfaced in the affidavits filed in support of OS
355. The submissions troubled the Majlis sufficiently to request an
adjournment of the costs hearing on 30 December 2015 to consider how it ought
to proceed in light of the same. The Majlis subsequently notified the court
that it will be responding. It has since responded on 27 January 2016. The
parties are scheduled to appear in the beginning of February 2016 to address
me on costs.

104 I should make one further observation. The Plaintiffs also suggested that
they were only appealing my decision in Sum 2415 because they were under the
impression, in view of the Majlis’ silence and alleged acquiescence, that they
could be indemnified fully of their legal costs from the VCT. This was not a
point that was raised in the course of the arguments before me in Sum 2415. I
must confess that I found this a puzzling submission. Save for pointing out
that the Majlis has been strident in its response against this submission, I
shall say no more pending full arguments.

Kannan Ramesh  
Judicial Commissioner

Prabhakaran s/o Narayanan Nair and Tan Zhi Xin (Derrick Wong & Lim BC LLP) for
the Plaintiffs;  
Leong Yi-Ming and Lee Bik Wei (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the Defendant;  
Jordan Tan Zhengxian (Cavenagh Law LLP) as amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

