Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 274

Suit No 822 of 2014

Between

(1)| AAHG, LLC  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Hong Hin Kay Albert  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Conversion] — [Conversion of shares]

[Tort] — [Reversionary damage]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AAHG, LLC

  
v

  

Hong Hin Kay Albert

[2016] SGHC 274

High Court — Suit No 822 of 2014  
Chua Lee Ming JC  
15, 16, 20, 28 September 2016; 10 October 2016

9 December 2016

Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 In this case, I found the defendant, Albert Hong Hin Kay, liable to the
plaintiff, AAHG, LLC, in the amount of $2,496,222.07 being damages for
conversion of 10,000 shares (“the Shares”) in Universal Medicare Pte Ltd
(“Universal”). I awarded the plaintiff interest on this amount at 5.33% pa
from 25 January 2008 until judgment and costs. The defendant has appealed
against the whole of my decision.

The undisputed facts

2 The defendant readily admitted, when he was on the stand, that he had little
personal knowledge of the matters in this claim as he had left it to his
brother, Hong Hin Kit (“Edward Hong”), to manage these matters on his behalf.
Actions taken by the defendant were based on Edward Hong’s instructions.
Edward Hong gave evidence on behalf of the defendant.

3 The defendant incorporated Universal on 22 November 2000. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 4.

In 2002, Universal sought a loan of US$12m (“the MEC Loan”) from a financing
company, Medical Equipment Credit Pte Ltd (“MEC”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 13.

Under the terms of MEC’s letter of offer dated 25 June 2002 (“the MEC Offer
Letter”), 10% of the shares in Universal (ie, 10,000 shares) were to be
transferred to MEC or its nominee upon completion of the loan transaction. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1AB134-137, at 136.

The defendant accepted the terms of the MEC Offer Letter on behalf of
Universal on 26 June 2002. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 16.

4 On the same day, 26 June 2002, Universal entered into a loan agreement with
MEC (“the MEC Loan Agreement”) in respect of the MEC Loan. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1AB138-172.

The defendant guaranteed the payment of the MEC Loan. On 28 June 2002, 10,000
shares in Universal (ie, the Shares) were registered in the name of MEC’s
parent company, DVI Inc (“DVI”) under share certificate no. 8. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1AB222.

The Shares were transferred to DVI by the defendant. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1AB221.

The defendant, Edward Hong and one Boelio Muliadi (“Muliadi”) together held
the remaining 90% of the shares in Universal. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 23.

5 On 28 June 2002, the defendant, Edward Hong and Muliadi signed the
following:

(a) a Deed of Subordination under which they subordinated all payment
obligations owing by Universal to each of them to the MEC Loan; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1AB228-239.

and

(b) a Share Mortgage Agreement under which their shares in Universal
(amounting to 90% of the issued share capital) were charged to MEC as security
for the MEC Loan (“the Share Mortgage”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1AB240-258.

6 On 25 August 2003, DVI filed a petition for reorganisation under Chapter 11
of the United States Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) in
the United States Bankruptcy Court, District of Delaware (“the Delaware
Bankruptcy Court”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

1AB293-302.

7 On 7 July 2004, DVI obtained an order from the Delaware Bankruptcy Court
authorising it to sell certain de minimis assets, including the Shares (“the
Sale Order”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2AB814-818.

8 In early September 2004, DVI signed a term sheet with Goldman Sachs (Asia)
Finance (“GS Asia”) under which GS Asia was to buy the rights to the contracts
owned by MEC, including the MEC Loan Agreement. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Edward Hong’s AEIC at para 26.

DVI also wanted to sell the Shares to GS Asia. On 10 September 2004, a Notice
of Sale of De Minimis Shares of Stock was issued pursuant to the Sale Order
and filed with the Delaware Bankruptcy Court (“the Notice of Sale”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

3AB1338-1496.

The Notice of Sale stated that DVI wished to sell the Shares to GS Asia for
US$1,000 and that pursuant to the Sale Order, any objection to the sale was to
be filed within 10 calendar days. The Notice of Sale was served on Universal.

9 On 14 September 2004, the defendant, through his solicitors, Wee Swee Teow &
Co, wrote to DVI’s solicitors objecting to the sale of the Shares to GS Asia
(“the WST Letter”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

4AB1497-1498.

The letter also stated as follows:

Under Article 29 of the Articles of Association of Universal Medicare (copy
enclosed), “no share shall be transferred to a person who is not a member so
long as any member … is willing to purchase the same at fair value.”

[The defendant] is prepared to purchase the 10,000 shares of Universal
Medicare owned by DIV, Inc.

As such, kindly confirm that an offer to sell the said shares for US$1,000.00
will be made to [the defendant].

10 On 16 September 2004, one Eddie Foo Kwok Fee (“Eddie Foo”) sent a copy of
Universal’s Memorandum and Articles of Association (“the Articles”) to DVI at
the latter’s request. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

4AB1499.

Eddie Foo was employed by one of Edward Hong’s companies and assisted Edward
Hong in managing Universal.

11 On 20 September 2004, DVI filed a Notice of Withdrawal of the Notice of
Sale. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

4AB1500-1501.

On 22 September 2004, DVI informed Eddie Foo that DVI “has decided that it
will not sell its equity interest in [Universal] to [GS Asia] at this time”
and that the Notice of Sale had been removed from the Delaware Bankruptcy
Court website (“the DVI Email”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

4AB1520.

12 Pursuant to a Sale & Purchase Agreement dated 30 September 2004 (“the GS
SPA”), GS Asia bought the rights to contracts owned by MEC, including the MEC
Loan Agreement. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

4AB1251.

Universal and the defendant were notified of the sale to GS Asia by way of
Notices of Assignment dated 3 November 2004. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

4AB1892-1893.

13 In 2005, Universal defaulted on the MEC Loan Agreement. On 19 August 2005,
GS Asia commenced proceedings in Suit No 593 of 2005 (“S593/2005”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

5AB2015-2039.

One of the claims in S593/2005 was against Universal and the defendant (as
guarantor) to recover the amount outstanding on the MEC Loan. In September
2005, GS Asia obtained judgments in default of appearance against five of the
six defendants in S593/2005. These included judgments against Universal and
the defendant in respect of claim on the MEC Loan.

14 By letter dated 27 October 2007 addressed to Edward Hong, International
Columbia US LLC (“Columbia US”) offered to buy all the shares in Universal. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

6AB2726-2727.

Columbia US reserved the right to have the purchase made by any of its
subsidiary companies. In the event, the purchase was made by a company called
Columbia Asia Healthcare Sdn Bhd (“Columbia Asia”).

15 At this time, the Shares were still registered in DVI’s name. In an email
dated 29 November 2007, Eddie Foo informed the managing director of the
Columbia Asia Group that legal advice had been obtained and that the defendant
was entitled to “now complete the purchase of [the Shares] for US$1,000”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

6AB2757.

16 On 1 December 2007, Edward Hong agreed, on behalf of the defendant, Muliadi
and himself, to sell 99% of the shares in Universal to Columbia Asia. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

6AB2760-2762.

Although the Shares were still registered in DVI’s name, Edward Hong
represented on behalf of the defendant, Muliadi and himself that all of the
shares in Universal were owned by them. It was also envisaged that a formal
agreement would be entered into subsequently.

17 On 14 December 2007, the defendant wrote to Universal stating as follows:
25

##### Foot Note 25

×

6AB2804.

Pursuant to Article 30 of [the Articles], I hereby give notice that I wish to
purchase the 10,000 shares in the company from DVI Inc for US$1,000.00 as
offered by them to Goldman Sachs.

A cheque for US$1,000 was purportedly enclosed with the letter although in
fact payment was made by way of a cash deposit on the same day into
Universal’s account. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

6AB2805.

18 On the same day, the defendant and Edward Hong convened a board meeting of
Universal and passed resolutions purporting to cancel the Shares held by DVI
and to register the defendant as the holder of the Shares. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

6AB2802-2803.

A new share certificate for the Shares dated 14 December 2007 (share
certificate no. 9) was issued in the defendant’s name. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

6AB2806.

19 On 21 December 2007, Universal and the defendant (among others) entered
into a Deed of Settlement and Discharge with GS Asia (“the GS Settlement
Deed”). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

6AB2866-2884.

Under the GS Settlement Deed:

(a) GS Asia was to be paid $25.5m (“the Settlement Sum”) in full and final
settlement of all the judgment debts in S593/2005, including the judgment
debts owed by Universal and the defendant in respect of the MEC Loan; and

(b) upon receipt of the Settlement Sum, GS Asia was to, among other things,
release the assets pledged to it under the Share Mortgage and deliver up the
Universal share certificates that were in its possession. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Clause 4.2 of the GS Settlement Deed at 6AB2872-2873.

20 On 24 December 2007, the defendant, Edward Hong and Muliadi entered into a
Share Sale Agreement to sell 99% of the shares in Universal to Columbia Asia
(“the Columbia Asia SSA”). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

6AB2885-3033.

Pursuant to the Columbia Asia SSA, Columbia Asia paid GS Asia the Settlement
Sum directly. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Clause 7.1.1.4 of the Columbia SSA at 6AB2902.

21 On 8 January 2008, GS Asia’s solicitors, Allen & Gledhill (“A&G”), sent
certain documents to Michael Khoo & Partners (“MK&P”) who acted for, among
others, Universal and the defendant in respect of the GS Settlement Deed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

6AB3034-3035.

One of the documents sent by A&G was share certificate no. 8 for the Shares in
DVI’s name.

Plaintiff’s case

22 The plaintiff’s case was that the defendant had wrongfully converted the
Shares by transferring and/or procuring the transfer of the Shares from DVI to
himself, and thereafter transferring and/or causing the transfer of the Shares
to Columbia Asia. In the alternative, the plaintiff claimed that it was
entitled to recover for the damage caused to its reversionary interest in the
Shares (“reversionary damage”) and/or in unjust enrichment.

23 The defendant abandoned two of his pleaded defences before the trial
started. The first concerned the plaintiff’s rights to pursue the present
claim. On 10 December 2004, DVI’s assets (including the Shares) were conveyed
to the DVI Liquidating Trust (“the Trust”) pursuant to an order of the
Delaware Bankruptcy Court. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Kevin D Padrick’s AIEC at para 9.

On 31 October 2006, the plaintiff entered into an Asset and Stock Purchase
Agreement with the Trust pursuant to which the plaintiff acquired, among other
things, the beneficial interest in the Shares. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 13-81.

On 6 May 2015, the rights in respect of the Shares, including the right to
pursue the present claim, were assigned to the plaintiff pursuant to a Deed of
Assignment. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents, pp 82-83.

In his defence, the defendant had disputed that the plaintiff had acquired the
rights of the Trust pursuant to the Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement and the
Deed of Assignment. After the defendant abandoned this defence, it became
common ground that the plaintiff succeeded to DVI’s rights against the
defendant.

24 The second defence that the defendant abandoned was that of limitation. The
defence of limitation should not have been pleaded in the first place. In
2014, the defendant and Edward Hong obtained an anti-suit injunction
restraining the plaintiff and the Trust from suing them in the United States
of America for misappropriating the Shares (see Hong Hin Kay Albert and
another v AAHG, LLC and another [2014] SGHC 206). The anti-suit injunction was
granted on the basis of undertakings by the defendant and Edward Hong that
they would not rely on the limitation defence in the event the plaintiff
commenced legal proceedings in Singapore within two weeks from the date of the
order. The present action was commenced within two weeks of the anti-suit
injunction order. The defendant was bound by his undertaking not to rely on
the limitation defence in the present case.

Conversion claim

25 It was not disputed that the defendant had procured the transfer of the
Shares to himself. The defendant raised three defences to the claim in
conversion:

(a) The Shares were lawfully transferred to the defendant pursuant to his
exercise of his right of pre-emption under the Articles.

(b) DVI (and consequently, the plaintiff) was estopped from challenging the
defendant’s exercise of his right of pre-emption under the Articles.

(c) DVI (and consequently, the plaintiff) did not have the right to immediate
possession of the Shares required to sustain a claim in conversion at the
relevant time as the Shares had been pledged to GS Asia.

Whether the Shares were transferred to the defendant pursuant to the
defendant’s exercise of a right of pre-emption

26 The defendant argued that the Shares were transferred to him pursuant to
his exercise of his right of pre-emption under the Articles because:

(a) the Notice of Sale given by DVI in September 2004 constituted a transfer
notice under the Articles and triggered his right of pre-emption under the
same; and

(b) he had exercised his right of pre-emption through the WST Letter.

27 It would be useful to first consider the relevant provisions in the
Articles which read as follows: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1AB66-91.

29\. Shares may be freely transferred by a member … to any existing member …
but save as aforesaid, and save as provided by Article 34 hereof, no share
shall be transferred to a person who is not a member so long as any member or
any person selected by the directors … is willing to purchase the same at the
fair value.

30\. Except where the transfer is made pursuant to Article 29 hereof the
person proposing to transfer any share (hereinafter called “the proposing
Transferor”) shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called “the transfer
notice”) to the Company that he desires to transfer the same. Such notice
shall specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute the
Company his agent for the sale of the shares to any member of the Company or
person selected as aforesaid at the price so fixed or fixed by the Auditor in
accordance with these articles. A transfer notice may include several shares,
and in such case shall operate as if it were a separate notice in respect of
each share. A transfer notice shall not be revocable except with the sanction
of the directors.

31\. If the Company shall, within the space of twenty-eight days after being
served with such notice, find a member or person selected as aforesaid willing
to purchase the share (hereinafter called “the purchasing member”) and shall
give notice thereof to the proposing Transferor, he shall be bound, upon
payment of the fair value, to transfer the share to the purchasing member. …

32\. …

33\. If in any case the proposing Transferor, after having become bound as
aforesaid, makes default in transferring the shares, the Company may receive
the purchase money, and shall thereupon cause the name of the purchasing
member to be entered in the register as the holder of the shares and shall
hold the purchase money in trust for the proposing Transferor. The receipt of
the Company for the purchase money shall be a good discharge to the purchasing
member, and after his name has been entered in the register in purported
exercise of the aforesaid power the validity of the proceedings shall not be
questioned by any person.

34\. If the Company shall not, within the space of twenty-eight days after
being served with a transfer notice, find a member or person selected as
aforesaid willing to purchase the shares, and give notice in manner aforesaid,
the proposing Transferor shall at any time within three calendar months
afterwards be at liberty to sell and transfer the shares or those not placed
to any person at any price, provided that the number of members shall not
thereby be increased to more than fifty.

28 Article 29 permits a member of the company to freely transfer his shares to
another member of his choice. On the other hand, it prohibits him from
transferring his shares to non-members if a member or a person selected by the
directors (“selected person”) is willing to purchase the shares at fair value.
Article 29 does not give another member a right to buy the proposing
transferor’s shares unless the proposing transferor has offered to sell his
shares to that member.

29 A member of the company who wishes to sell his shares to a non-member can
trigger the process set out in Articles 30 to 34 by issuing a transfer notice
(Article 30). The company is constituted as the proposing transferor’s agent
for the sale of the shares to another member or selected person. Once given,
the transfer notice cannot be revoked except with the directors’ approval. If,
within 28 days, the company finds a member or selected person who is willing
to buy the shares , the proposing transferor is bound to transfer the shares
to the purchaser upon payment of the fair value by the purchaser (Article 31).
If no such purchaser is found, the proposing transferor then becomes free to
sell his shares to any person at any price within three calendar months
(Article 34).

30 However, the process in Articles 30 to 34 is triggered only if the
proposing transferor has given a transfer notice under Article 30, ie a notice
in writing to the company that he desires to transfer his shares.

Whether the Notice of Sale constituted a transfer notice

31 The defendant first submitted that the Notice of Sale constituted a
transfer notice under Article 30 of the Articles. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 28 September 2016, at 30:12-14.

I rejected the submission.

32 A transfer notice under Article 30 is in essence an offer by the proposing
transferor to sell his shares to any member or selected person in accordance
with the process set out in the Articles. If the offer is accepted, the
proposing transferor becomes bound to sell the shares to the purchaser. There
can be no transfer notice for purposes of Article 30 unless it was given with
such intent. Otherwise, it cannot be said that there was any offer to sell.

33 In my view, the Notice of Sale was not a transfer notice for purposes of
Article 30 because it was clearly never intended to operate as such. The
Notice of Sale had nothing to do with Article 30. In fact, it was not disputed
that DVI had no knowledge of Article 30 when it issued the Notice of Sale.
There was clearly no intention in the Notice of Sale to sell the Shares to any
shareholder of Universal or to any selected person. It did not constitute
Universal as DVI’s agent for the sale of the Shares. Instead the Notice of
Sale clearly stated that the proposed sale was to GS Asia, that the proposed
sale was pursuant to the order made by the Delaware Bankruptcy Court on 7 July
2004 and that the Notice of Sale was given in accordance with procedures set
out in that order. It gave interested parties an opportunity to file
objections if they so wished.

34 It was evident that the defendant himself did not treat the Notice of Sale
as a transfer notice under the Articles. Nothing in the WST Letter suggested
that the defendant was treating the Notice of Sale as a transfer notice. In
addition, in response to the WST Letter, DVI informed Universal that it had
withdrawn the Notice of Sale. A transfer notice under Article 30 cannot be
withdrawn unilaterally. The defendant must have known of the withdrawal of the
Notice of Sale yet he did not protest against the withdrawal. Neither did he
inform DVI that he had already exercised his right of pre-emption.

35 The defendant next referred me to Lyle & Scott Ltd v Scott’s Trustees
[1959] AC 763 (“Lyle & Scott”). In Lyle & Scott, article 9 of the articles of
association provided that any “ordinary shareholder who is desirous of
transferring his ordinary shares shall inform the secretary in writing of the
number of ordinary shares which he desires to transfer…”. The court held that
shareholders who had entered into a binding agreement to sell their shares to
a third party, and who had received the purchase price, must be deemed to be
desirous of transferring them and were therefore bound to implement article 9
by issuing a transfer notice.

36 The defendant made two different submissions relying on Lyle & Scott.
First, the defendant submitted that DVI’s proposal (in the Notice of Sale) to
transfer the Shares to GS Asia showed a desire to sell the Shares and that
this was sufficient to trigger the defendant’s right of pre-emption. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, at para 14(a) on p 10.

Second, the defendant submitted that the same proposal to transfer the Shares
to GS Asia triggered its obligation under Article 30 to issue a transfer
notice to Universal. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, at para 14(a) on pp 11-12.

I disagreed with both submissions.

37 In my judgment, the defendant’s right of pre-emption could not arise unless
there was a transfer notice given pursuant to Article 30. The language in
Article 30 was clear. A mere desire to sell the Shares on the part of DVI
could not and did not trigger the defendant’s right of pre-emption. Lyle &
Scott did not support the defendant’s submission in this regard. The decision
there was that the shareholders’ conduct showed they were desirous of selling
their shares and that this fact triggered their obligation to issue a transfer
notice.

38 As for the defendant’s second submission, in my opinion, Lyle & Scott did
not help the defendant’s case either. In the present case, the defendant did
not seek an order requiring DVI to issue a transfer notice. More importantly,
even if he had sought such an order, it would not have changed the fact that
no transfer notice had been given and the defendant could not therefore have
exercised any right of pre-emption whether in 2004 or 2007. This meant that
the defendant would still have wrongfully converted the Shares when he caused
them to be transferred to him in December 2007 and subsequently to Columbia
Asia.

39 In any event, I disagreed with the defendant’s submission that based on
Lyle & Scott, DVI became bound, as a result of the Notice of Sale, to issue a
transfer notice to Universal. As already mentioned, the question in Lyle &
Scott was whether the shareholders’ conduct in accepting the third party’s
offer showed that they were desirous of transferring their shares thereby
triggering the obligation to issue transfer notices. The fact that they had
agreed to sell their shares and had received payment was the decisive factor
in the court’s decision that their obligation to issue transfer notices had
been triggered. Viscount Simonds was of the opinion (at 774) that “it is not
open to a shareholder, who has agreed to do a certain thing and is bound to do
it, to deny that he is desirous of doing it” [emphasis added]. Lord Reid drew
a distinction between a shareholder who “merely says that he wishes to sell or
does something which shows that that is his intention” and a shareholder “who
has agreed to sell” (at 779). The obligation to issue a transfer notice would
be triggered in the latter case but not in the former. Lord Reid went further
to say (at 781) that:

Under article 9 the [shareholders] are bound to give notices so long as they
are desirous of selling their shares, and they must be held to be desirous of
selling their shares so long as they maintain and do not annul their contracts
with [the third party]. It is in their power to do that, and, once they have
done so, they will be entitled to say that they are no longer desirous of
transferring their shares.

40 Applying Lyle & Scott to the present case, the question would be whether by
issuing the Notice of Sale, DVI became a “person proposing to transfer” its
shares within the meaning of Article 30 such that it became obliged to issue a
transfer notice. In my view, the obligation to issue a transfer notice under
Article 30 was not triggered because DVI was then clearly not bound to
transfer the Shares to GS Asia. DVI was merely expressing an intention to sell
to GS Asia and even then, this was subject to any objections that may be
raised and to the Delaware Bankruptcy Court’s approval in any event.

Whether the WST Letter was an exercise of the right of pre-emption

41 In any event, in my view, the WST Letter did not constitute an exercise by
the defendant of his rights of pre-emption under the Articles. An exercise of
a right of pre-emption is an acceptance of the offer made by way of a transfer
notice. Such an acceptance must be unequivocal. As seen earlier (at [9]), the
WST Letter merely:

(a) pointed out that Article 29 of the Articles prohibited DVI from selling to
GS Asia (a non-member) because the defendant (a member) was prepared to buy
the Shares; and

(b) sought confirmation that DVI would offer to sell the Shares to the
defendant.

42 The WST Letter could not be construed as an unequivocal acceptance by the
defendant. The WST Letter did not even treat the Notice of Sale as a transfer
notice under Article 30. Neither did it refer to Articles 30 to 33 nor mention
any exercise of a right of pre-emption. The WST Letter treated the situation
as one which fell entirely within Article 29 alone; hence the request in the
letter for confirmation that DVI would offer to sell the shares to the
defendant.

43 It was also clear that the defendant did not treat the WST Letter as an
exercise of his right of pre-emption. First, if there was an exercise of the
right of pre-emption, DVI would have been bound to transfer the Shares to the
defendant. Article 33 of Universal’s Articles allowed Universal to receive and
hold the purchase money from the defendant for DVI and to register the Shares
in the defendant’s name if DVI defaulted in transferring the Shares. Yet,
neither the defendant nor Universal asked DVI to transfer the Shares to the
defendant. Neither was DVI informed of the registration of the Shares in the
defendant’s name or of the fact that Universal was holding the payment for the
Shares for DVI. Instead, what took place at the Universal board meeting on 14
December 2007 were hurried steps taken to transfer the Shares to the defendant
without informing DVI.

44 Second, on 14 December 2007, the defendant gave written notice to
Universal, pursuant to Article 30, that he wished to purchase the Shares (see
[17] above). If the defendant had (as he claimed) exercised his right of pre-
emption through the WST Letter in 2004, there would have been no need for his
written notice on 14 December 2007. Evidently, the defendant did not treat the
WST Letter as an exercise of his right of pre-emption. In my view, the
defendant’s assertion that he had exercised his right of pre-emption through
the WST Letter was nothing more than an afterthought. I would add, for
completeness, that the defendant could not rely on the notice given on 14
December 2007 as his exercise of his right of pre-emption because clearly
(assuming the Notice of Sale was a transfer notice), the defendant’s notice on
14 December 2007 was given long after the 28-day period under Article 31 for
Universal to find a buyer had expired.

Whether the plaintiff was estopped

45 The defendant submitted that estoppel by representation can arise where one
party keeps silent despite knowing that the other party is acting or
proceeding with its course of conduct on the basis of a mistaken belief which
the former is said to have acquiesced in: The “Bunga Melati 5” [2016] 2 SLR
1114 at [17]. The defendant also relied on Tradax Export S.A. v Dorada
Compania Naviera S.A. (The “Lutetian”) [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 140 at 158 for the
proposition that if one party to a contract knows that the other party
mistakenly believes he has validly complied with a contractual term, the first
party cannot simply keep silent and let the mistaken party continue to labour
under the mistake.

46 The defendant argued that:

(a) it was clear to DVI from the WST Letter that the defendant was exercising
his right of pre-emption;

(b) DVI was therefore under a duty to inform the defendant if DVI felt that
the Notice of Sale did not trigger Article 29 and/or that the requirements
under the Articles were not complied with; and

(c) the DVI Email did not raise any such objections and was instead an
acknowledgement that the defendant had exercised his right of pre-emption
through the WST Letter.

47 I rejected the defendant’s submissions. In my view, the evidence did not
support any estoppel by representation. As explained earlier, the WST Letter
did not constitute an exercise of any right of pre-emption by the defendant.
The WST Letter did not give DVI any reason to suspect, much less believe, that
the defendant was purporting to exercise his right of pre-emption. In the
circumstances, no estoppel by representation could possibly have arisen.

Whether DVI had the right to immediate possession of the Shares

Burden of proof

48 It was common ground that as DVI did not have actual possession of share
certificate no. 8 at the time when the conversion took place, the plaintiff
had to prove that DVI had the right to immediate possession of the Shares. The
plaintiff relied on the fact that DVI was the registered holder of the Shares
and submitted that this gave it the requisite right to immediate possession.

49 The defendant’s case was that the Shares had been pledged to MEC pursuant
to the MEC Loan Agreement and consequently, GS Asia had taken over the pledge
when it bought MEC’s rights under the MEC Loan Agreement. It was not disputed
that DVI would not have had the right to immediate possession of the Shares on
14 December 2007 (when the Shares were transferred to and registered in the
defendant’s name) if the Shares had in fact been pledged as security for the
MEC Loan. However, the plaintiff disputed the pledge of the Shares to MEC.

50 The defendant accepted that the burden was on him to prove that the Shares
were pledged to MEC. However, he also submitted that for the plaintiff to
prove its right to immediate possession of the Shares, the plaintiff could not
just rely on its legal title but had to be able to explain why share
certificate no. 8 was not in its possession.

51 I disagreed with the defendant. It is true that having title to a property
does not necessarily mean having the right to immediate possession of the
same. However, a plaintiff in a claim for conversion is prima facie entitled
to rely on his title to prove his right to immediate possession. In the
present case, it was undisputed that DVI was the registered holder of the
Shares at the material time. As the registered holder of the Shares, prima
facie DVI was entitled to immediate possession of the Shares as against GS
Asia. Since the defendant was the one alleging that DVI had lost its right to
possession because the Shares were pledged to MEC/GS Asia, in my view, the
burden fell squarely on the defendant to prove that the Shares were pledged to
MEC/GS Asia.

Whether the Shares were pledged to MEC

52 Michael O’Hanlon (“O’Hanlon”) gave evidence for the defendant. O’Hanlon was
the President and Chief Executive Officer of DVI in 2002. O’Hanlon was also
the former Chairman of MEC. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”),
O’Hanlon claimed that he had “insisted that a pledge of the [Shares] be
executed in favour of MEC and held by them” until the MEC Loan was fully
repaid. He also alleged that he was asked to sign the share mortgage on behalf
of DVI and that share certificate no. 8 was placed in MEC’s custody as
security under the MEC Loan Agreement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

O’Hanlon’s AEIC at paras 18–19.

However, no such share mortgage was in evidence. O’Hanlon said in his AEIC
that he did not have the document as he had left DVI. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

O’Hanlon’s AEIC at para 22.

53 Under cross-examination, O’Hanlon could not explain why DVI was not made a
party to the Share Mortgage signed by the defendant, Edward Hong and Muliadi
on 28 June 2002 (see [5(b)] above) if the intention was for DVI to pledge the
Shares to MEC. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 20 September 2016, at 7:25–21:23.

More importantly, O’Hanlon could not explain why it was necessary for DVI to
pledge the Shares to MEC when DVI was MEC’s parent company. O’Hanlon kept
changing his explanation and gave answers that contradicted his own testimony.
His reasons for the pledge by DVI changed from exercising control in the event
of default of the MEC Loan, to having all the shares in Universal located in
Singapore, to assigning the Shares to MEC so that MEC, not DVI, held the
Shares, and finally to facilitating the sale of the MEC Loan to a third party.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 20 September 2016, at 23:12–18, 23:24–24:15, 24:25–25:3, and 33:21–34:19.

54 O’Hanlon also said that the registration of the Shares in DVI’s name was a
mistake as he meant to put the Shares in MEC’s name. He then changed his
testimony to say that he had always wanted the Shares to be in DVI’s name,
before changing his testimony yet again to say that the mistake was not in the
registration of the Shares but in the pledge being in the name of DVI not MEC.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 20 September 2016, at 25:11–15, 31:1–9 and 29:9–16.

O’Hanlon could not explain what the mistake in the pledge document was or how
the mistake came about.

55 I rejected O’Hanlon’s testimony on the pledge of the Shares as I was driven
to the conclusion that his evidence was simply not reliable.

56 The defendant also relied on the fact that share certificate no. 8 was
among the documents returned by A&G (as solicitors for GS Asia) to MK&P after
GS Asia received payment under the GS Settlement Deed (see [21] above). There
was no evidence as to when, how or why GS came to be in possession of share
certificate no. 8. The defendant argued that GS Asia must have obtained
possession of share certificate no. 8 because the Shares were pledged to MEC.
The question was whether such an inference should be drawn.

57 In my view, the mere fact that A&G was able to return share certificate no.
8 to the defendant’s solicitors, when viewed against the totality of the
evidence, was insufficient to support an inference that the Shares had been
pledged to MEC.

58 First, it was undisputed that the Shares were given to MEC to enhance MEC’s
yield in giving the MEC Loan to Universal. It did not make any sense
whatsoever for the Shares to be pledged to MEC as security for the MEC Loan.
The fact that the Shares were registered in DVI’s name did not make any
difference. DVI was, after all, MEC’s parent company.

59 Second, under the MEC Loan Agreement, the execution of the Share Mortgage
Agreement was a condition precedent to the disbursement of the MEC Loan. The
MEC Offer Letter, on the other hand, clearly envisaged transferring the Shares
to MEC or its nominee only after the loan had been disbursed. Therefore, it
could not have been intended that the Shares were to be mortgaged to MEC as
part of the Share Mortgage.

60 Third, the GS SPA set out the assets acquired by GS Asia. These assets
included the Share Mortgage executed by the defendant, Edward Hong and
Muliadi. The Share Mortgage was expressly named in the list of security
documents. However, there was no mention of any pledge of the Shares anywhere
in the GS SPA. If the Shares had been pledged to MEC, that fact would surely
have been reflected in the GS SPA. The evidence showed that GS Asia did not
consider DVI to be a security provider.

61 Fourth, the fact that the Notice of Sale envisaged the Shares being sold by
DVI to GS Asia unencumbered was consistent with the fact that the Shares had
not been pledged to MEC. There was also no mention of any such pledge in the
draft sale agreement with GS Asia. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

3AB1357–1496.

62 In my view, the defendant had failed to prove that the Shares were pledged
to MEC and consequently to GS Asia. I concluded therefore that plaintiff had
the requisite standing to bring this claim in conversion.

63 I would add that in his closing submissions, the defendant had made the
further submission that a pledge in favour of GS Asia was created when share
certificate no. 8 was given to GS Asia as security for the MEC Loan in
connection with the GS SPA. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Skeletal Closing Submissions, para7(c).

The defendant was not entitled to make this argument as it was not his pleaded
case in his defence. In any event, there was no evidence of any agreement or
intention to create a pledge of the Shares to GS Asia in connection with the
GS SPA.

Conclusion on conversion claim

64 In my judgment:

(a) There was no valid exercise of a right of pre-emption by the defendant.
DVI had not issued any transfer notice pursuant to Article 30 of the Articles.
In any event, the WST Letter did not constitute a valid exercise of a right of
pre-emption. Accordingly, the defendant had converted the Shares by wrongfully
procuring the transfer of the Shares to himself.

(b) The plaintiff had the right to immediate possession of the Shares and was
therefore entitled to bring the claim against the defendant for conversion.
The Shares had not been pledged to MEC and consequently, GS Asia did not
acquire any pledge over the Shares.

65 My decision on the plaintiff’s claim for conversion meant that the
plaintiff did not have to rely on its alternative claims for reversionary
damage and unjust enrichment. For completeness however, I deal with both
alternative claims below.

Reversionary damage claim

66 The plaintiff referred me to Clerk & Lindsell on Torts (Anthony Dugdal gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006), at paras 17-138 to 17-139, for the
proposition that an owner of goods who lacks standing to sue in conversion
(because he had neither possession nor an immediate right to possession of the
goods) can bring an action for reversionary injury provided that the wrongful
act deprived him either temporarily or permanently of the benefit of his
reversionary interest. Actual damage is necessary; the goods must have been
destroyed or seriously damaged or wrongfully disposed in a way that destroyed
the owner’s title or at the very least reduced his chances of recovering his
goods

67 I agreed with the plaintiff’s submission that even if DVI lacked the
standing to sue in conversion because the Shares had somehow been pledged to
GS Asia, it was nevertheless entitled to relief because the defendant’s acts
of conversion had deprived it of its reversionary interest in the Shares. In
my view, the plaintiff suffered actual damage as, at the very least, its
chances of recovering the Shares from Columbia Asia were significantly
reduced. The evidence showed that Columbia Asia bought the Shares from the
defendant as a bona fide purchase for value without notice of the defendant’s
lack of title. The defendant had confirmed (through Eddie Foo) that he was
entitled to complete his purchase of the Shares from DVI and subsequently, the
Shares were registered in the defendant’s name. There was no allegation or
evidence that Columbia had notice that the defendant’s title to the Shares was
defective. In any event, there was no dispute that the plaintiff had suffered
actual damage or that the elements of a claim for reversionary damage were
made out in this case.

68 The defendant’s sole objection to the plaintiff’s claim for reversionary
damage was that it was a separate cause of action from the claim for
conversion and had not been specifically pleaded. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 28 September 2016, at 54:9-16.

However, the defendant did not identify specifically what was required to be,
but had not been, pleaded. I agreed with the defendant that the claim for
reversionary damage was a separate “cause of action” in the historical sense
as it was a distinct tort from conversion (see Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Intraco Ltd and others [1992] 2 SLR(R) 382 at [30]–[31]).
However, I concluded that it had been sufficiently pleaded as all the
essential factual material necessary to support the claim had been pleaded
(see Multistar Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR
1at [34]).

69 In my view, the plaintiff would have been entitled to recover the value of
the Shares as damages for its reversionary damage claim.

Unjust enrichment claim

70 The plaintiff’s second alternative claim was that even if the plaintiff
could not claim in conversion because it did not have the right to immediate
possession of the Shares, it could still recover in unjust enrichment. It was
common ground that the elements required to succeed in a claim in unjust
enrichment are as follows:

(a) Has the defendant had benefitted or been enriched?

(b) Was the enrichment at the plaintiff’s expense?

(c) Was the enrichment unjust?

(d) Are there any defences?

See Wee Chiew Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve and others [2013] 3 SLR 801
(“Anna Wee”) at [98].

71 On the facts as I have found them, there was no question that the defendant
had been enriched at the plaintiff’s expense. The transfer of the Shares to
the defendant (a) deprived DVI of the Shares that it owned and (b) clearly
benefitted the defendant. DVI did not consent to the transfer to the
defendant. The only question was whether the enrichment of the defendant was
unjust.

72 As the Court of Appeal reiterated in Anna Wee (at [134]), there is no
freestanding claim in unjust enrichment on the abstract basis that it is
“unjust” for the defendant to retain the benefit – there must be a particular
recognised unjust factor or event which gives rise to a claim. The defendant
referred to the list of “unjust factors” summarised in Prof Burrows, The Law
of Restitution (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“Burrows”) and in Goff
& Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2011) (“Goff &
Jones”), as set out in Anna Wee at [132] and [133]. The defendant submitted
that (a) the plaintiff’s claim did not fall within any of the recognised
classes of unjust factors and (b) the plaintiff had not pleaded a recognised
unjust factor.

73 One of the unjust factors listed in Goff & Jones is “lack of consent”. Prof
Burrows refers to “ignorance”. The Court of Appeal noted in Anna Wee (at
[139]) that there is no authority that has expressly acknowledged the unjust
factor of ignorance or lack of consent. However, as it did not have to decide
on this point in Anna Wee, the Court of Appeal did not express any conclusive
opinion as to whether ignorance or lack of consent fell within the present
catalogue of unjust factors.

74 There is much force in the argument (which the Court of Appeal noted in
Anna Wee at [139]) that if mistake (vitiation of consent) or failure of
consideration (qualification of consent) can constitute unjust factors, the
same conceptual justification must apply a fortiori where there is no consent.
In my view, lack of consent ought to be recognised as an unjust factor.

75 In the present case, the unjust factor was the lack of DVI’s consent when
the defendant procured the transfer of the Shares to himself.

76 As for the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff failed to plead the
unjust factor, in my view, the material facts had been sufficiently pleaded.

77 In my view, the plaintiff would have succeeded in its claim in unjust
enrichment and would have been entitled to recover the value of the Shares
from the defendant.

Computation of damages

78 In conversion, the measure of damages is the value of the goods at the time
of conversion. The plaintiff relied on the consideration paid by Columbia Asia
for 99% of the shares in Universal as evidence of the value of the Shares. The
plaintiff computed the value of the Shares as follows:

(a) Under the Columbia SSA, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

6AB2885–3033.

Columbia Asia paid the defendant a total amount of $43,730,550 for 99% of the
shares in Universal, comprising the “Goldman Sachs Indebtedness” of $25.5m 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Clause 2.1.15 of the Columbia SSA at 6AB2891.

and the “Purchase Price” of $18,230,550. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Clause 2.1.29 of the Columbia SSA at 6AB2893.

This translated to a value of $44,172,272.72 for 100% of the shares in
Universal.

(b) The debt owing by Universal to GS Asia as at 31 December 2007 was
$19,210,052. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

“Loan due to a financial institution” in Universal’s Balance Sheet at 6AB3096.

(c) The value of equity in Universal was $24,962,220.72 (ie, $44,172,272.72
less $19,210,052).

(d) The value of the Shares was therefore $2,496,222.07 (ie, 10% of the value
of equity in Universal).

79 The plaintiff explained that the Goldman Sachs Indebtedness of $25.5m
comprised debts owed to GS Asia by Universal and some other companies. As
Universal was not liable for the debts owed by the other companies, the value
of the shares in Universal should take into account only the debt of
$19,210,052 that was owed by Universal to GS Asia.

80 I accepted the plaintiff’s computations. The sale to Columbia Asia was the
best available evidence of the value of the Shares as it was a negotiated
arms-length transaction that took place at around the time that the conversion
took place.

Conclusion

81 The wrongful transfer of the Shares to the defendant constituted
conversion. Accordingly, I ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff
$2,496,222.07 being the value of the Shares. I awarded interest at 5.33% pa
from 25 January 2008 (ie, the date on which the defendant received payment
from Columbia Asia) to the date of judgment.

82 I also awarded costs to the plaintiff fixed at $160,000 plus disbursements
to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judicial Commissioner

Siraj Omar and Premalatha Silwaraju (Premier Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Daniel Chia Hsiung Wen, Ker Yanguang, Kenneth Kong and Annette Liu (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

