Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 173

Suit No 1312 of 2014  

Between

Toptip Holding Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Mercuria Energy Trading Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Carriage of goods by sea] — [Voyage
charterparties]

[Contract] — [Formation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Toptip Holding Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Mercuria Energy Trading Pte Ltd

[2016] SGHC 173

High Court — Suit No 1312 of 2014  
Steven Chong J  
17–19 May 2016; 11 July 2016

1 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 It is said that the charter market, governed by the supply and demand for
ships and shipping space, is about as perfect a market as one can find. A
charterer who wishes to hire a vessel to transport cargo across the high seas
knows that it is operating in a market in which freight rates fluctuate. But
the charterer also knows that it has to assess the best freight it can obtain
against a multitude of factors including the nature of the cargo, the extent
to which it wants the charterparty to be “cargo friendly” rather than
“shipowner friendly”, and the requirements of any underlying sale contract
such as the date by which the cargo has to be loaded or delivered to the
buyer. The last factor is particularly crucial as it places the charterer
under the pressure of time. Even if the market is not in its favour, the
charterer has to secure a charterparty with a suitable laycan (ie, the period
of time from the earliest day to the latest day upon which the vessel can
arrive at the loading port) or risk being in breach of the underlying sale
contract. The shipowner, similarly, has to balance the security of a contract
concluded in advance against the prospect that the freight market may rise in
its favour, leading to a less profitable charterparty than one which its
vessel could have otherwise secured. These factors assume an even greater
significance in a situation such as in the present case where both the
charterer and the owner have to time their contractual commitments on a back-
to-back basis. The charterer has to secure a vessel which is acceptable to the
shipper while the owner, which is often merely a disponent owner operating in
the spot freight market, has to time the fixture of the vessel with the
physical head owner in order to fulfil its obligation to the charterer. If the
back-to-back fit does not materialise, this would usually give rise to losses
and inevitably, legal proceedings.

2 It is in this commercial context that the parties to this present dispute
entered into negotiations in October 2014 for a voyage charter to transport a
shipment of iron ore pellets from Brazil to China. The deal, however, fell
through and the essential question for determination in this trial is who
should now bear the consequences of the aborted charter. The plaintiff, the
putative charterer, claims that the defendant, the disponent owner of the
vessel, entered into a binding charterparty via email, and that it breached
this agreement by subsequently resiling from the contract in order to enter
into an allegedly more profitable charter with another party. The plaintiff
thus claims from the defendant the losses it suffered as a result of having to
secure a substitute charterparty at a higher rate. The defendant, by contrast,
contends that there was never a binding contract concluded, and that the
breakdown of the negotiations was a result of the plaintiff’s own indolence.
In any case, its position is that the charterparty was always subject to its
review on account of an express “subject” clause; so the risk of the
negotiations breaking down was firmly on the plaintiff. Thus, the key issue in
this case is the nature and effect of this clause – “OTHERWISE SUB REVIEW OF
CHTRS PFMA CP WITH LOGICAL AMENDMENT” – in the context in which the parties
conducted their negotiations. There is also a consequent question as to
whether the right of review under the clause was unqualified or had to be
exercised in good faith.

3 In determining the true effect of the “subject” clause, it is necessary to
trace the circumstances which led to its introduction, how the parties
objectively perceived its effect and the commercial consequences of the
competing interpretations to the clause given by the parties. In undertaking
this exercise, it is also useful to examine the judicial interpretations which
have been given to similarly worded “subject” clauses with the caveat that
differences in wording may lead to a different interpretation and
consequently, a different outcome.

Facts

4 The plaintiff is a Singapore incorporated company trading in bulk
commodities, including iron ore. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Liu Bin dated 3 December 2015 (“LB
affidavit”), para 2.

The defendant is the Singapore subsidiary of a global energy and commodity
group engaged, inter alia, in the chartering of dry cargo such as iron. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Sanjeev Gupta dated 20 November 2015
(“First SG affidavit”), para 4.

It does not own any vessels itself, but secures vessels as disponent owner to
be chartered onwards.

5 On 10 October 2014, the plaintiff entered into a f.o.b. sale contract for
the purchase of approximately 170,000 metric tonnes of iron ore pellets (“the
goods”) from the seller, Samarco Mineraco S.A. (“Samarco”). The goods were to
be shipped from the Ponta Ubu port in Brazil to ports in China, with a laycan
of 21 to 30 November 2014. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

LB affidavit, para 5.

Email correspondence on 13 and 14 October 2014

6 To charter a vessel to transport the goods, the plaintiff sent an email
enquiry to a ship chartering broker, Mr Shu Changhong (“Mr Shu”) on 13 October
2014 (“the Toptip Enquiry”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LB affidavit, para 6.

The Toptip Enquiry enumerated the plaintiff’s requirements for the charter
including the expected laycan, the deadline for the nomination of a vessel,
the ports of loading and discharge, the details of the cargo to be loaded, the
governing law and the forum for dispute resolution, amongst other terms. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LB affidavit, pp 18–19.

The clauses relating to the freight rate and demurrage were left to be filled
in by the defendant. Also attached was part of the f.o.b. sale contract which
stipulated the shipping and loading terms which needed to be incorporated into
the charterparty (“the Samarco terms”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

LB affidavit, pp 20–22.

Crucially, the Toptip Enquiry concluded as follows: “OTHERWISE AS PER VALE CP
AS ATTACHED WITH LOGICAL AMENDMENT”. This proviso was a proposal by the
plaintiff through Mr Shu for the charterparty to be based on the pro forma
charterparty of Vale S.A. (“the Vale pro forma CP”), one of the world’s
largest producers of iron ore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

LB affidavit, para 8.

7 On the same day, Mr Shu forwarded the Toptip Enquiry to the defendant via
email. This email opened with the line, “PLS KINDLY CHECK THE BELOW FIRM
ENQIRY AND REPLY US BEFORE 1700HRS 14 OCTOBER 2014 SINGAPORE TIME”. It then
set out the requirements for the charterparty as per the Toptip Enquiry before
concluding: “Invite owners best freight for fixing”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

LB affidavit, pp 23–24.

8 The defendant, after reviewing Mr Shu’s email, replied the next day, on 14
October 2014 (“the Mecuria Bid”). The Mecuria Bid substantially repeated the
terms as set out in the Toptip Enquiry, with the freight rates and demurrage
clauses filled in. The relevant text of the Mecuria Bid is as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

LB affidavit, pp 28–29.

Mecuria would like to offer firm bss following terms.

…

-FREIGHT RATE: USD 18.40 PMT BSS BELUN(OR ZHOUSHAN) PLUS NANTONG

…

-DEMM 15,000 USD PD PR. DHD

…

-OTHERWISE SUB REVIEW OF CHTRS PFMA CP WITH LOGICAL AMENDMENT

END

[emphasis added in bold]

Apart from the inclusion of the freight rate and demurrage, the only
difference between the terms of the Toptip Enquiry and the Mecuria Bid was the
change of the final proviso from “OTHERWISE AS PER VALE CP AS ATTACHED WITH
LOGICAL AMENDMENT” to “OTHERWISE SUB REVIEW OF CHTRS PFMA CP WITH LOGICAL
AMENDMENT” (“the Subject Review clause”). As noted earlier, the nature and
effect of the Subject Review clause lies at the heart of this dispute. Another
fact which the defendant highlights is that it did not attach the Samarco
terms to the email containing the Mecuria Bid.

9 Mr Shu immediately forwarded the Mecuria Bid to the plaintiff which
“confirm[ed] to accept [the] bid”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

LB affidavit, pp 30–32.

Mr Shu then sent a closing email to the defendant: “We confirm the acceptance
of your offer. Thanks for your business!” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

LB affidavit, p 33.

The defendant’s head of dry chartering, Mr Sanjeev Gupta (“Mr Gupta”), was
copied to this closing email dated 14 October 2014 from Mr Shu to the
defendant.

Subsequent correspondence between the parties

Provision of Australian cargo charterparty by the defendant on 16 October 2016

10 Following the above correspondence on 13 and 14 October 2014, Mr Shu sent a
follow up email on 16 October 2014 to the defendant’s point of contact, Mr
Sanghwa Lee (“Mr Lee”), requesting for “the working CP in word format”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Shu Changhong dated 3 December 2015 (“SCH
affidavit”), p 31.

Mr Lee immediately replied that the defendant did not have such a working
charterparty, and was instead “waiting for chtrs PFMA CP for [the defendant’s]
review”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SCH affidavit, p 32.

11 Subsequently, Mr Gupta, who was copied in the above exchange, sent an email
to both Mr Shu and Mr Lee asking two questions: (a) whether Mr Lee had a copy
of a previous charterparty, for the carriage of similar cargo from Australia
to China, which the plaintiff and the defendant had concluded several months
earlier in July 2014 (“the Australian Cargo CP”); and (b) whether that could
be used as a base. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SCH affidavit, p 33.

Mr Lee then sent the Australian Cargo CP to Mr Shu via email on the same day,
16 October 2014.

12 The parties dispute the circumstances preceding this email correspondence
on 16 October 2014, and the reason why the Australian Cargo CP was sent by the
defendant to Mr Shu. This factual dispute will be examined in detail below
(see [41] below). In brief, the plaintiff asserts that Mr Gupta had consented,
over the phone, to the use of the Australian Cargo CP as the charterer’s pro
forma charterparty (“the charterer’s pro forma CP”). Therefore, the defendant
had lifted or waived the Subject Review clause by providing Mr Shu with the
Australian Cargo CP on 16 October 2014. The defendant, on the other hand,
disputes this account of the facts, and contends that the document had been
provided to Mr Shu on his request and as a mere favour because he did not have
any charterparty template in Microsoft Word format to work on.

Draft charterparty prepared by broker: 24 and 27 October 2014

13 After receiving the Australian Cargo CP, amendments were made to the
document by Mr Shu based on the main terms contained in the Mecuria Bid. This
draft charterparty was dated 14 October 2014 and sent by one of Mr Shu’s
employees to both the plaintiff and the defendant for their comments via
separate email messages on 24 October 2014. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

SCH affidavit, pp 62 and 86.

A few days thereafter, on the afternoon of 27 October 2014, Mr Shu sent a
further email to the defendant 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

SCH affidavit, p 111.

stating that the dispute resolution clause in the draft charterparty had to be
amended due to a mistaken reference to the London Maritime Arbitrators
Association rather than the Singapore Chamber of Maritime Arbitration. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SCH affidavit, para 22.

Nomination and purported rejection of vessel: 21 to 29 October 2014

14 While the draft charterparty was being prepared, the parties continued to
correspond through Mr Shu.

(a) On 21 October 2014, the plaintiff sent an email to Mr Shu containing
certain instructions from the Brazilian health authorities for the captain and
crew of the vessel to be nominated. These instructions were forwarded to the
defendant. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SCH affidavit, pp 113–116.

(b) On 23 October 2014, the defendant nominated The Pan Gold for the “Ponta
Ubu/China shipment”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SCH affidavit, p 121.

and asked for the cancelling date to be pushed back from 30 November 2014 to 1
December 2014 as it was “targeting back end of laycan”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SCH affidavit, p 145.

The defendant also provided the documents requested by the plaintiff for the
nomination of the vessel. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

LB affidavit, p 71; SCH affidavit, p 128.

(c) On 24 October 2014, the shippers, Samarco, objected to The Pan Gold due to
concerns regarding the financial health of the vessel’s head owner as
identified in a note by the ship vetting agency, Rightship. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SCH affidavit, p 149.

But the various parties – the plaintiff, the defendant, Samarco and The Pan
Gold’s head owner – continued to communicate with each other through Mr Shu in
order to resolve this problem.

(d) On 25 October 2014, after Samarco maintained its opposition to The Pan
Gold, the defendant asked Mr Shu for Samarco’s contact details in order to
discuss the issue directly with Samarco. The contact details were provided by
Mr Shu to the defendant on the morning of 27 October 2014 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

SCH affidavit, pp 160–164.

, ie, shortly before Mr Shu sent the defendant the further email on the
amendment to be made to the draft charterparty (see [13] above).

(e) On the morning of 29 October 2014, the plaintiff forwarded a message from
Samarco to Mr Shu stating that, even though the defendant had not contacted
Samarco directly, the latter had obtained a new and positive Rightship vetting
analysis on The Pan Gold. It thus seemed that The Pan Gold was “OK”, and
Samarco stated that its shipping department would check with Rightship to
ensure that the new analysis allowed it to accept the vessel. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SCH affidavit, p166.

Mr Shu immediately forwarded this “good news” to the defendant. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SCH affidavit, p167.

Rejection of draft charterparty by the defendant on 29 October 2014

15 Later in the evening of the same day, the defendant sent an email to Mr Shu
containing the following message for the plaintiff: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

SCH affidavit, p 169.

Owrs cannot accept chtrs cp after review, so subject failed on cp review. Owrs
cannot accept chtrs cp for this trade.

16 According to the defendant, this was a valid rejection of the draft
charterparty, which was subject to its review. The plaintiff’s case, however,
is that this message constituted a repudiatory breach by the defendant of the
charterparty which had already been concluded on 14 October 2014. In line with
this position, it sent a notice to the defendant on 5 November 2014 purporting
to accept the repudiatory breach and thereby terminating the charterparty. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LB affidabit, p 136.

Substitute charterparty secured by the plaintiff

17 In either case, the plaintiff had to secure a substitute charterparty in
order to perform its obligation to Samarco under the underlying sale contract.
Its pleaded case is that it did so on or about 8 November 2014 with RGL
Shipping Pte Ltd (“RGL”), coincidentally also to charter The Pan Gold, but at
the higher freight rate of US$25.25 per metric tonne for 168,109 metric tonnes
of cargo in total. As noted above, the freight payable under the Mecuria Bid
was US$18.40 per metric tonne of cargo. Therefore, the plaintiff claims the
amount of US$1,151,546.65 being the difference in the two freight rates as the
loss which it suffered as a result of the defendant’s repudiatory breach of
contract.

18 However, while there is no dispute that there was a substitute charterparty
entered into between the plaintiff and RGL, the defendant raised some
difficulties with the plaintiff’s evidence as to its terms, as well as its
claim that US$25.25 per metric tonne was the prevailing market rate when it
entered into the substitute charterparty. These difficulties will also be
examined below.

Issues

19 Both parties are ad idem that the following issues are before me for
determination:

(a) Was a valid charterparty of a vessel concluded between the plaintiff and
the defendant on 14 October 2014? This key issue turns on the nature of the
Subject Review clause, as well as the effect of the parties’ subsequent
conduct.

(b) Even if there was a charterparty concluded, was it void for uncertainty
because (i) the terms were incomplete; and/or (ii) the words “WITH LOGICAL
AMENDMENT” in the Subject Review clause were too vague?

(c) Was the defendant in repudiatory breach of contract in rejecting the draft
charterparty on 29 October 2014? If so, what losses did the plaintiff suffer
as a result of this breach?

Was a binding charterparty concluded on 14 October 2014?

20 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that there was a binding charterparty
concluded on 14 October 2014 as per the terms of the Mecuria Bid. Curiously,
the date when the contract was purportedly concluded was not initially pleaded
in the plaintiff’s statement of claim; it was only first identified in the
plaintiff’s reply 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Reply (Amendment No 1) dated 27 April 2015 (“Reply”), paras 1(a) and 26.

after this omission was pointed out in the defence. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defence (Amendment No 2) dated 6 April 2015 (“Defence”), para 28.

Nothing appears to turn on this. In any event, this is the only date pleaded
by the plaintiff for the formation of the contract.

21 The plaintiff’s arguments in support of the contract having been formed on
14 October 2014 are as follows.

(a) The opening language of the Mecuria Bid – stating that the bid was an
offer from the defendants on a “firm bss [ie, basis]” – and the plaintiff’s
unequivocal acceptance of the bid are objective evidence that there was a firm
agreement on the main or essential terms required for the formation of a
charterparty on 14 October 2014. In relation to the Subject Review clause, the
plaintiff submits that the clause merely indicated that the defendant, despite
agreeing to be immediately bound by the main terms set out in the Mecuria Bid,
had retained the right to withdraw from the charterparty after reviewing the
charterer’s pro forma CP with logical amendments. In other words, the
defendant’s review of the charterer’s pro forma CP with logical amendments was
not a condition precedent to the formation of a binding contract, but was
instead a condition subsequent. The plaintiff further argues that the review
was merely to be an objective or mechanical review for the purposes for
verifying that the charterer’s pro forma terms were consistent with the main
terms in the Mecuria Bid.

(b) In any case, the defendant satisfied the condition under the Subject
Review clause or waived its right of review by providing the plaintiff with
the Australian Cargo CP on 16 October 2014.

(c) In addition, the nomination of The Pan Gold by the defendant on 23 October
2014 and its request for an extension of the laycan indicates that a
charterparty had already been concluded by then and/or that the defendant had
waived its right of review under the Subject Review clause.

22 The defendant’s response is briefly as follows.

(a) The Subject Review clause precluded a binding contract from being
concluded on 14 October 2014 as there was no agreement on the subsidiary terms
as of that date. The defendant’s case is the Subject Review clause was a
“subject to contract type clause” which negated its intention to be legally
bound unless and until full details were agreed. The defendant’s review of the
charterer’s pro forma CP was thus a prerequisite to the formation of a binding
contract.

(b) The defendant merely provided Mr Shu with the Australian Cargo CP to
assist the plaintiff with the preparation of a draft charterparty for its
review. This act did not absolve the plaintiff from its duty to provide the
defendant with a charterer’s pro forma CP with logical amendments, nor did it
constitute a waiver of the defendant’s right of review under the Subject
Review clause.

(c) The defendant’s nomination of The Pan Gold and request for an extension of
the laycan did not unequivocally indicate that a charterparty had already been
concluded by then and/or that it had waived its right of review. These actions
were equally consistent with the parties moving towards the conclusion of a
binding agreement as part of their negotiations.

23 I will now deal with these arguments in turn.

Nature and effect of Subject Review clause

24 It is well established that a contract may be formed even if certain terms
of economic or other significance to the parties have not been finalised if an
objective appraisal of their words and conduct leads to the conclusion that
they did not intend agreement of such terms to be a precondition to a
concluded and legally binding agreement (RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei
Alois Müller GmbH & Co KG (UK Production) [2010] 1 WLR 753 (“RTS Flexible
Systems”) at [45] per Lord Clarke; see, also, The “Rainbow Spring” [2003] 3
SLR(R) 362 at [20]). As noted above, the defendant’s case is that such a
conclusion cannot be reached in this case because the Subject Review clause
was a “subject” clause which precluded a contract from being formed until
there was a full agreement on both the main and subsidiary terms. The
plaintiff submits that the clause contained a condition subsequent instead.
Hence the first issue to be resolved is the nature and effect of the Subject
Review clause.

General principles on “subject” clauses

25 The leading local authorities on the impact of “subject to contract”
clauses are Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Newport Mining Ltd and
another appeal [2011] 4 SLR 617 (“Norwest”) and OCBC Capital Investment Asia
Ltd v Wong Hua Choon [2012] 4 SLR 1206 (“OCBC Capital (CA)”). In Norwest, the
following general principles were laid down (at [23] and [24]):

23 In the local context, it was held in the Singapore High Court decision of
Ground & Sharp Precision Engineering Pte Ltd v Midview Realty Pte Ltd [2008]
SGHC 160 that (at [18]):

The meaning of ‘subject to contract’ is clear. This expression simply means
that ‘unless and until a formal written contract has been executed and
exchanged by the parties there is no binding and enforceable contract between
them. That is so even if the parties are in agreement as to all the terms.’
(Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore
Pte Ltd [2001] 3 SLR 437 at [27].)

In the Singapore High Court decision of United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte
Ltd v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791 (“United Artists”)
(affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Parkway Properties Pte Ltd v United
Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd [2003] 2 SLR(R) 103 (where this particular
point was not in issue)), it was similarly held (at [57]) that:

It is well settled that the phrase ‘subject to contract’ makes it clear that
the intention of the parties is that neither of them is to be contractually
bound until a contract is signed. The negotiations remain subject to and
dependent upon the preparation of a formal contract. Either party may withdraw
from the negotiations before a final agreement has been concluded.

24 While the holding in United Artists quoted above seems to suggest that the
phrase “subject to contract” is conclusive of the intention of the parties, in
our judgment, the better view is that the question whether there is a binding
contract between the parties should be determined by considering all the
circumstances, not just the inclusion of the stock phrase “subject to
contract” (on the basis that the substance of the situation must always
prevail). These would include what was communicated between the parties by
words or conduct. In this regard, we are in agreement with the recent decision
of the UK Supreme Court in RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei Alois Müller
GmbH & Co KG (UK Production) [2010] 1 WLR 753 in which it was held that (at
[56]):

Whether in such a case [ie, concerning an agreement that is “subject to
contract”] the parties agreed to enter into a binding contract, waiving
reliance on the ‘subject to [written] contract’ term or understanding will
again depend upon all the circumstances of the case, although the cases show
that the court will not lightly so hold. [emphasis added]

[emphasis added]

26 On the issue of when parties might be found to have reached a binding
contract notwithstanding the presence of a “subject to contract” clause, the
following principles expounded by the High Court in OCBC Capital Investment
Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon [2012] 2 SLR 311 (at [25]–[44]) were approved by the
Court of Appeal in OCBC Capital (CA):

(a) Whether an agreement is “subject to contract” is a matter of substance and
not form. When it is not expressly stated to be “subject to contract”, it is a
question of construction whether the parties intended that the terms agreed
upon should merely be put into form or to be subject to an agreement to the
terms of which are not expressed in detail (at [28]).

(b) The critical inquiry is to determine from the objective evidence whether
the parties intended to be immediately bound to perform on the agreed terms or
to defer legal relations until formal execution of the written contract (at
[34]; also see Rudhra Minerals Pte Ltd v MRI Trading Pte Ltd (formerly known
as CWT Integrated Services Pte Ltd) [2013] 4 SLR 1023 at [27]).

27 While the above principles were developed in relation to agreements pending
the formal execution of a written contract (ie, “subject to contract”), the
relevant cases in the specific context of charterparties indicate that they
are equally applicable to “subject” clauses stating that a binding contract
will not be formed until there is full agreement on the details (ie, “subject
to details”) (see Julian Cooke et al, Voyage Charters (Informa Law, 3rd Ed,
2007) (“Voyage Charters”) at para 1.17–1.19; Star Steamship Society v
Beogradska Plovidba (The “Junior K”) [1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 583 (“The Junior K”)
at 586–596). The same is true for a “subject review” clause – a variant of a
“subject to details” clause which specifies that either or both parties’
review of the final terms is a precondition to contract formation (see Hyundai
Merchant Marine Co Ltd v Americas Bulk Transport Ltd (The “Pacific Champ")
[2013] 2 Lloyd's Rep 320 (“The Pacific Champ”) at [68]). In these cases, the
words “subject to details” and similar expressions have generally been held to
negative any intention to be legally bound unless and until full details are
agreed. However, there have also been cases such as The Pacific Champ where
the courts have held that a binding contract was concluded despite the
presence of a “subject” clause (see [37] below for a discussion of the case).

28 Hence it is clear from the authorities that the use of phrases such as
“subject to contract”, “subject to details” and “subject to review” is never
per se conclusive of the intention of the parties. Ultimately, the question in
the present case is whether the Subject Review clause indicates that the
parties intended to defer legal relations until full details were agreed or
whether they nevertheless agreed to be immediately bound to perform on the
main terms as set out in the Mecuria Bid. To answer this question, I have to
consider the full factual matrix of the case, particularly the circumstances
in which the clause was introduced and the objective evidence of the
correspondence between the parties on 14 October 2014.

Analysis of Subject Review clause

29 There is arguably some evidence in favour of the plaintiff’s submission
that the defendant’s intention to be bound by the main terms set out in the
Mecuria Bid was unequivocal. First, the Mecuria Bid expressly stated that the
offer was on a “frm bss”. Second, the defendant did not respond to clarify
that there was no contract formed when Mr Shu replied with his closing email
stating: “We confirm the acceptance of your offer. Thanks for your business!”
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

LB affidavit, p 33.

Third, Mr Gupta himself admitted on the stand that he had “no objection” to
the main terms, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Notes of Evidence (“NOE”) for 19 May 2016, pp 62:20–21.

and that he “was going to stand behind the [freight] number provided [he]
agree[d] with the terms and conditions which were put out [by the plaintiff].”
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 64:21–23.

30 Against this, there is the fact that there was no agreement on 14 October
2014 on the other terms of the charterparty apart from those stated in the
Mecuria Bid. This was due to the express rejection by the defendant of the
clause incorporating the Vale pro forma CP which was initially in the Toptip
Enquiry (see [6] above). This clause read: “OTHERWISE AS PER VALE CP AS
ATTACHED WITH LOGICAL AMENDMENT”. By removing this clause, the defendant
specifically rejected the plaintiff’s offer to incorporate the Vale pro forma
CP in total, subject only to logical amendments. In its place, the defendant
introduced the Subject Review clause stating: “OTHERWISE SUB REVIEW OF CHTRS
PFMA CP WITH LOGICAL AMENDMENT”. There were three components to the clause:
(a) a reference to the charterer’s pro forma CP, distinct from the Vale pro
forma CP; (b) the need for logical amendments to be made to that charterparty
to produce a draft charterparty; and (c) the defendant’s right to then review
the draft charterparty. Hence, there was not even a counter-proposal by the
defendant as to what the subsidiary terms of the charterparty ought to be.
Instead, the defendant was asking for the plaintiff to provide a charterer’s
pro forma CP (with logical amendments) for it to review the subsidiary terms
contained therein.

31 The plaintiff argues that these subsidiary terms – relating to matters such
as force majeure, late payment and stevedore damage – were “not of such
fundamental importance to the performance of the charter” and that their
absence did not “render the entire agreement unworkable”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 22 June 2016, para 150.

This may be so. But the question is not whether the main terms were sufficient
for the operation for a working charterparty. It is whether the parties
intended to defer legal relations until full details were agreed. As Steyn J
(as he then was) noted in The Junior K, “in negotiations parties are free to
stipulate that no binding contract shall come into existence, despite
agreement on all essentials, until agreement is reached on yet unmentioned and
unconsidered detailed provisions” [emphasis added] (at 585) (see, also,
Norwest at [29]).

32 In this regard, it is clear that the subsidiary terms were an important
part of the commercial bargain between the parties. Mr Gupta informed the
court that the freight rate which the defendant offered was conditional on
these other terms being to his satisfaction because he “did not want to do
this business at [the rate of] [US$]18.4 [per metric tonne] with Vale terms
and condition[s]”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 62:1–7.

His evidence, which was unrebutted by the plaintiff, was that the terms and
conditions of the Vale pro forma CP were onerous, and would not have allowed
him to offer the lower freight rate of US$18.40 per metric tonne of cargo
(relative to the market rate of over US$20 at that time). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 67:21–27.

This also provides a sensible commercial explanation for why the Subject
Review clause was deliberately introduced by the defendant in the Mecuria Bid
in place of the clause incorporating the Vale pro forma CP. Crucially, this
explanation indicates that the defendant’s agreement to be bound by the main
terms in the Mecuria Bid was not unequivocal – the defendant was only willing
to enter into a binding charterparty if the subsidiary terms contained in the
charterer’s pro forma CP were favourable and allowed it to perform the
contract at the lower freight rate offered in the Mecuria Bid.

33 The plaintiff’s construction of the Subject Review clause, on the other
hand, is implausible. First, it argues that the word “otherwise” contemplates
that a contract was concluded between the parties, and that the charterparty
was otherwise subject to a condition subsequent. I disagree. The word
“otherwise” was a clear reference to the fact that the terms to be
incorporated from the charterer’s pro forma CP (with logical amendments) were
terms other than those contained in the Mecuria Bid itself. This is how the
word “otherwise” was used in the clause incorporating the Vale pro forma CP
into the Toptip Enquiry as well. Next, the plaintiff focusses on the word
“review”, which it submits only contemplates a single review. This point is
strictly irrelevant in this case as there were no multiple reviews by the
defendant to begin with. The plaintiff also submits that the “review” is
confined to one item – the charterer’s pro forma CP with logical amendments –
and not a draft contract or draft charterparty. This is a distinction without
a difference – the charterer’s pro forma CP, after the logical amendments were
made, would necessarily have been a draft charterparty for the defendant’s
review.

34 The plaintiff then relies on the lack of an express reference to a draft
charterparty and the words “with logical amendments” to argue that the
defendant’s right of review was an “objective” right of review to “simply to
confirm that the pro forma terms were consistent with (and did not contradict)
the main terms agreed between the parties on 14 October 2014”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 22 June 2016 (“PCS”), para 67(ii).

In other words, it submits that as long as the amendments made were logical
and compatible with the main terms in the Mecuria Bid, the defendant did not
have a right to accept or reject the substantive terms of the charterer’s pro
forma CP. In short, the right to review was limited only to the “logical
amendments”. This submission, in my view, is contrary to both the plain
language of the clause and commercial common sense.

35 It is true that the term “with logical amendment”, stood alone, would not
prevent a binding contract from being concluded. As noted in Voyage Charters
at para 1.20:

Their effect, unlike “subject to details”, is not to permit either party to
raise for negotiation any matters of detail which he wishes, and the only
amendments permissible are those which follow logically and inevitably from
the terms agreed, and thus can be determined objectively.

However, a plain reading of the language of the Subject Review clause makes
clear that the right to review was of the charterer’s pro forma CP after the
logical amendments had been made (ie, a draft charterparty prepared by the
plaintiff), rather than a review of the logical amendments per se. This
interpretation also accords with commercial sense – it would be illogical for
the defendant to agree to be bound by the charterer’s pro forma CP, whatever
its terms might be, but then specifically retain the right to review only the
logical amendments made. This is particularly so as the logical amendments can
be determined objectively, as the plaintiff itself asserts. It is difficult to
see what commercial purpose, if any, such a narrow right to review would
serve.

36 The plaintiff also contends that the clause would have provided for a
deadline for the completion of the review and included the word “approval” if
the defendant wished to retain a “subjective” right to review the substance of
the subsidiary terms. The first part of this argument is a non-sequitur. It is
unclear why the absence of a deadline necessarily indicates that the review
was “objective” rather than “subjective”. A stipulated deadline would have
benefited the defendant in either case, and the fact that it was not provided
for is neither here nor there. Next, the absence of the word “approval” is
immaterial; the distinction between a “right of review” and a “right of
approval” is purely a matter of semantics. In any case, the plaintiff's
broker, Mr Shu, emailed the defendant on two separate occasions – 24 and 27
October 2014 (see [13] above) – seeking the defendant's “comments” on the
draft charterparty. On their face, these emails suggest that he was seeking
the defendant’s substantive approval of the draft which he had prepared. So I
am not persuaded that the defendant’s right of review under the Subject Review
clause was merely “objective”.

37 Finally, the plaintiff relies on the English High Court’s decision in The
Pacific Champ. The case concerned a claim by the sub-charterer of the Pacific
Champ against the bareboat charterer of the vessel. In assessing the claim,
the court had to construe the effect of the following clause: “SUB REVIEW
OWNERS HEAD CP BTB” (“cl 12”). The bareboat charterer argued that the clause
was a condition precedent to the existence of a binding contract which allowed
either party to withdraw from the fixture before the condition precedent was
satisfied. Eder J accepted that terms such as “subject to details” generally
precluded the existence of a binding contract (at [68]). But he found that cl
12 had to be read with cl 13 which immediately followed. Clause 13 read: “SUB
CHTRS RECONFIRMATION COB NYT FEB 12, 2008”. Taken together, it was found that
the legal effect of these two clauses was that there was a concluded contract
subject to a condition subsequent, ie, a reconfirmation by the charterers
within the time specified in cl 13; and the owner was not entitled to back out
of the contract until the time for reconfirmation had expired (at [68]). The
plaintiff argues that this reasoning should be applied to the present case,
and that the defendant was bound by the terms of the Mecuria Bid from the
moment there was an agreement on the main terms.

38 The Pacific Champ, however, can be distinguished. First, and most
pertinently, there was no time specified in the Mecuria Bid for when the
review had to be completed by unlike in The Pacific Champ. It is unrealistic
that the defendant would have agreed to be bound by the main terms for an
indeterminate amount of time during which it would not have been entitled to
back out of the contract. More importantly, in The Pacific Champ, cl 13 made
clear that all that was required was a reconfirmation of the terms which had
already been incorporated into the charterparty by virtue of cl 12. Here, the
Subject Review clause did not even identify a particular pro forma contract
from which the subsidiary terms could be incorporated. This is a crucial
difference. As noted earlier, the obligation was on the plaintiff to provide
its pro forma charterparty with logical amendments for the defendant’s review.
Further, the evidence shows that the identification of these terms was not a
perfunctory exercise. The defendant was only agreeable to provide the lower
freight rate it had offered in the Mecuria Bid if the subsidiary terms were to
its satisfaction (see [32] above). By then, the defendant had specifically
rejected the Vale pro forma CP as proposed by the plaintiff. Therefore it is
clear that not any pro forma charterparty would suffice. Thus, the analysis of
Eder J in The Pacific Champ is not relevant to the Subject Review clause.

39 Accordingly, I find that the Subject Review clause, construed in its full
factual context, does indicate that the defendant did not have the unequivocal
intention to be immediately bound by the terms of the Mecuria Bid on 14
October 2014. It was not a condition subsequent as the plaintiff asserts.

Did the defendant lift or waive the Subject Review clause by providing the
Australian Cargo CP?

40 The next issue is whether the defendant “lifted” (ie, fulfilled) the
condition under the Subject Review clause or waived its right of review
thereunder by providing the Australian Cargo CP to Mr Shu on 16 October 2016.
The plaintiff employs both the language of “lifting” and the doctrine of
waiver as alternatives 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 9 March 2015, paras 7 and 8.

– the former is appropriate if the Subject Review clause contained a condition
subsequent which needed to be fulfilled to prevent the contract from coming to
an end, while the latter would apply if the clause was a condition precedent
to the conclusion of a binding contract. However nothing of substance turns on
which legal analysis is adopted. On both analyses, the plaintiff’s case is
that the defendant, by providing the Australian Cargo CP, had accepted that
there was no longer any need for (a) the plaintiff to provide the defendant
with the charter’s pro forma CP with logical amendments; or (b) the defendant
to then review this document. If so, then the parties would be bound by the
terms of the Mecuria Bid regardless of whether the Subject Review clause was a
condition subsequent or a condition precedent to the formation of a contract.
At the same time, it is worth noting that if the plaintiff is unable to prove
its case on this issue, then its claim would necessarily fail even if the
Subject Review clause was a condition subsequent. This is because the
plaintiff accepts that the defendant had the right to withdraw from the
contract if the condition subsequent had not been fulfilled.

41 The plaintiff relies on two pieces of evidence in support of the submission
that the Subject Review clause had been lifted or waived. First, as noted
above (at [12]), the plaintiff refers to a telephone conversation during which
Mr Gupta had purportedly consented to the use of the Australian Cargo CP as
the charterer’s pro forma CP. According to Mr Shu and the plaintiff’s witness
Mr Liu Bin (“Mr Liu”), there was an earlier telephone discussion between the
two of them on or about 15 October 2014 concerning the provision of a pro
forma charterparty to the defendant, as per the Subject Review clause. Their
evidence was that Mr Liu informed Mr Shu that the plaintiff did not have a pro
forma document on hand, but suggested that a previous charterparty which the
plaintiff and the defendant had concluded several months earlier (ie, the
Australian Cargo CP) could be used as a base instead since the terms of that
previous charterparty had been acceptable to both parties. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

LB affidavit, para 19; SCH affidavit, para 14.

Mr Shu’s testimony was that he then called Mr Gupta to discuss using the
Australian Cargo CP as the charterer’s pro forma CP, and that Mr Gupta agreed.
Mr Shu asserted that Mr Gupta expressly assured him, “don’t worry bro, we are
fixed clean”. Mr Gupta accepted that there was a conversation during which he
and Mr Shu discussed the Australian Cargo CP. But he disputed agreeing to the
use of the Australian Cargo CP as the charterer’s pro forma CP or assuring Mr
Shu that the parties were “fixed clean”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 86:13–89:25.

His evidence was that Mr Shu simply informed him that the plaintiff did not
have a template Microsoft Word document, with suitable headings, for preparing
the draft charterparty; he thus agreed to give Mr Shu the Australian Cargo CP
in word format as a favour, expecting the plaintiff to prepare a draft
charterparty specific to the proposed fixture for the defendant’s review. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 88:15–89:4.

42 Second, the plaintiff submits that the email correspondence between Mr Shu
and the defendant’s representatives Mr Lee and Mr Gupta on 16 October 2014
(see [10] above) which took place after Mr Shu’s conversation with Mr Gupta
referred to at [41] above, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NOE for 17 May 2016, pp 92:22–24.

is evidence that the defendant had agreed to use the Australian Cargo CP as a
base and therefore lifted or waived the Subject Review clause. In particular,
the plaintiff relies on the email sent by Mr Gupta to both Mr Shu and Mr Lee
which stated as follows:

Do we have their Australian cargo CP? Can we use that as base?

Mr Gupta’s explanation was that this email, again, was for the purpose of
sourcing the word format document to be given to Mr Shu as a favour. He
pointed out that he was asking his colleague Mr Lee if the Australian Cargo CP
could be used as a base, thereby expressing his concern as to its suitability.
So, according to him, the email does not indicate that he had already agreed
to the use of the Australian Cargo CP as the charterer’s pro forma CP prior to
Mr Shu’s email to the defendant.

43 After considering the plaintiff’s evidence, I am not satisfied that the
defendant, by providing the Australian Cargo CP to Mr Shu, had either released
the plaintiff from its obligation to prepare a draft charterparty, or waived
the defendant’s right to review this draft. Regardless of whether the Subject
Review clause was a condition subsequent or a “subject” clause, it could only
be lifted or waived by clear and unequivocal words or conduct (see Motor Oil
Hellas (Corinth) Refineries SA v Shipping Corporation of India (The
“Kanchenjunga”) [1990] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 391 at 398). The burden is on the
plaintiff to prove this.

44 In the present case, there is simply insufficient evidence for me to find
that the Subject Review clause had either been lifted or waived. First, no
weight can be given to Mr Shu’s testimony of the telephone discussion between
him and Mr Gupta, which was unsupported by any objective evidence. He stated
on the stand that he has a text message between him and Mr Gupta that
mentioned the Australian Cargo CP; 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NOE for 18 May 2016, p 2:14.

but no such message was adduced by the plaintiff. There is no conceivable
reason for Mr Shu not to have produced this text message if he had in fact
sent out the alleged message to Mr Gupta. Mr Shu also accepted that it was he
who contacted Mr Gupta to ask for a copy of the Australian Cargo CP. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NOE for 17 May 2015, pp 91:2–4.

Given this fact, his assertion that Mr Gupta voluntarily informed him that the
parties were “fixed clean” was odd, particularly as he confirmed that he did
not ask Mr Gupta for such an assurance. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NOE for 17 May 2015, pp 100:8–26.

Overall, my assessment is that Mr Shu embellished his evidence of the
discussion between him and Mr Gupta. Even if Mr Gupta was willing to consider
using the Australian Cargo CP as a base and communicated this over the
telephone, it is implausible that he would have made a firm commitment to
using it as the charterer’s pro forma CP prior to the email exchange on 16
October 2014, let alone waived the defendant’s right of review. The email
exchange on 16 October 2014 confirms this analysis. The defendant’s initial
response through Mr Lee to Mr Shu’s email request for the charterparty in word
format was that the defendant was still waiting for the charterer’s pro forma
CP for its review. Mr Gupta’s subsequent email to Mr Lee and Mr Shu is
equivocal. It contains a question to Mr Lee about the suitability of the
Australian Cargo CP rather than an unqualified direction that this
charterparty should be used as a base without any further review. So the email
in fact contradicts Mr Shu’s evidence that Mr Gupta had already committed to
using the Australian Cargo CP as a base prior to the email correspondence
between the parties on 16 October 2014. If Mr Gupta had already orally agreed
with Mr Shu to use the Australian Cargo CP prior to the email of 16 October
2014, it would be inexplicable for him to then pose the question to Mr Shu
whether the Australian Cargo CP could be used as a base. It is far from
unequivocal evidence that the Subject Review clause was lifted or waived by
the defendant acceding to Mr Shu’s request for a copy of the Australian Cargo
CP. In my view, the objective evidence before me suggests otherwise.

Relevance of defendant’s nomination of vessel and request for extension of the
laycan

45 The plaintiff seeks to rely on the defendant’s subsequent conduct in
relation to the nomination of The Pan Gold and its request for an extension of
the cancelling date on 23 October 2014 either as evidence that the parties
intended to be immediately bound by the terms of the Mecuria Bid (ie, there
was a contract formed on 14 October 2014) or that the defendant had
subsequently waived its right of review under the Subject Review clause. In
either case, there must be a clear inference that the defendant had the
intention to be bound by the terms of the Mecuria Bid or had waived the
Subject Review clause (see RTS Flexible Systems at [85]–[86]) and that burden
rests with the plaintiff.

46 The defendant’s request for an extension of the cancelling date was
consequential on its nomination of The Pan Gold and hence these two acts
should be construed together. While these two acts, taken together, could
arguably be construed as conduct consistent with the parties performing a
charterparty which had already been concluded by that date, they are equally
consistent with the parties taking steps in anticipation of a contract to be
concluded. In examining the legal effect of such subsequent conduct, it is
necessary to bear in mind that in the context of the present case, there is a
Subject Review clause which even by the plaintiff’s case has legal content. As
explained above, irrespective whether the clause is to be construed as a
condition precedent or condition subsequent, in either event, it is my finding
that the condition had not been satisfied. The question therefore is whether
the alleged subsequent conduct would materially alter this finding.

47 As I noted in my introduction, the charter market is dynamic. The defendant
did not own any vessels itself and needed time to secure a suitable vessel to
perform the charterparty. Yet as of 23 October 2014 when the defendant
nominated The Pan Gold, the plaintiff had not provided the defendant with a
draft charterparty. In other words, the nomination of the vessel was clearly
made in advance of the draft charterparty which was still being prepared by
the plaintiff for the defendant’s review. However, the defendant could not
ignore the fact that the laycan which the parties were working towards was
fast approaching. In this context, Mr Gupta’s explanation that he nominated
The Pan Gold to “jog up their discussion” 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 74:11–28.

is certainly plausible. The nomination of The Pan Gold is, by itself, an
ambivalent act. The extension request does not affect this analysis because it
was consequential on the nomination; the defendant would have required the
plaintiff’s consent regardless of whether the contract had already been
concluded since the cancelling date was a central term of the charterparty
which both parties needed to agree on. So the defendant’s subsequent conduct
in relation to the nomination of The Pan Gold on 23 October 2014 and the
extension request do not lead to any clear inference that the parties were
performing a contract which had already been concluded prior to that date.

48 It is not without significance that at the time of the nomination, the
defendant had not chartered in The Pan Gold and hence was not in a position to
charter out the vessel to the plaintiff. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 114:27–31.

This supports the defendant’s submission that the nomination was made in
anticipation of a concluded charterparty. In Mr Gupta’s words, the nomination
of The Pan Gold “wasn’t an obligation”. Instead it was “a business which [he]
was trying to make with [the plaintiff]”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 75:16–20.

Further, Mr Gupta gave unchallenged evidence that when The Pan Gold was
rejected by the plaintiff on 24 October 2014, the defendant decided to drop
the back-to-back charterparty with the head owner as it was also on a
“subject” basis then. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 98:20–24; 113:26–31.

This conduct is equally significant. If a charterparty had been concluded
between the plaintiff and the defendant on 14 October 2014, it would not have
made sense for the defendant to “drop” the back-to-back charterparty with the
head owners on 24 October 2014 given the fast approaching laycan. This
decision, in my view, was entirely consistent with the defendant having
proceeded all along on the basis that no charterparty was concluded with the
plaintiff on 14 October 2014.

49 Accordingly, I find that the defendant’s subsequent conduct does not impact
on my finding that there was no charterparty concluded between the plaintiff
and the defendant on 14 October 2014. Nor was there a subsequent waiver of the
Subject Review clause. The parties were in negotiations throughout, and there
is no basis for the plaintiff’s claim premised on a breach of contract.

Was the charterparty void for uncertainty?

50 As a result of my finding that there was no concluded charterparty, there
is strictly no need for me to consider the defendant’s alternative submission
that the charterparty, even if it was concluded, was void for uncertainty.
Nevertheless, I shall make three brief observations on this issue.

51 First, the defendant did not plead the defence of uncertainty. Despite its
arguments to the contrary, I am of the view that this should have been done.
Although the burden is on the plaintiff to prove that there was a valid
charterparty, the defence of uncertainty raises issues of fact which do not
arise from the plaintiff’s statement of claim: O 18 r 8(1)(c) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). In particular, it raises the question of
what terms are essential to the existence of a workable charterparty. This is
invariably a factual issue, the answer to which will vary from case to case
depending on the particular voyage, the nature of goods to be transported and
so on. As the plaintiff argues, this may well have necessitated it calling
expert evidence to prove what constitutes a workable charterparty. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PCS, para 119.

52 Second, the parties dispute the impact of the defendant’s failure to attach
the Samarco terms to the Mecuria Bid (see [8] above). Mr Gupta accepted that
he had received and seen the Samarco terms on 14 October 2014. His evidence
was that he then deliberately did not attach the document containing these
terms to the Mecuria Bid email because he did not agree to the Samarco terms.
This omission, according to the defendants, is relevant as it means that the
key conditions in the Samarco terms relating to, inter alia, the nomination of
the vessel, the notices of arrival and readiness, loading and laytime
calculation, and demurrage and dispatch were not incorporated into the Mecuria
Bid. This, in turn, rendered any charterparty concluded on 14 October 2014
incomplete.

53 This analysis is problematic as it fails to take into account one important
fact. While Mr Gupta did not attach the Samarco terms to the Mecuria Bid, he
left the clause incorporating these terms unchanged. This clause in the
Mecuria Bid stated: “OWNRS SHALL COMPLY ALL SHIPPING/LOADING TERMS AS
ATTACHED”. The clear language of this clause, together with Mr Gupta’s
concession that he had notice of the Samarco terms, prima facie indicates that
the defendant was willing to be bound by the Samarco terms when it made the
Mecuria Bid. Indeed, Mr Gupta’s own evidence, under cross-examination, was not
that he was specifically averse to the Samarco terms, but rather that “it’s
the charterer’s responsibility to pick up the clauses from the FOB contract
and put that in the charterparty”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 59:26–31.

This was in line with Mr Gupta’s overall evidence that he needed to review the
charterer’s pro forma CP after the relevant terms had been incorporated
therein. Hence my view is that no real significance can be attached to the
fact that the Samarco terms were not attached to the Mecuria bid. If
necessary, I would have found that these terms had been incorporated into the
Mecuria Bid.

54 Finally, the defendant argues that the use of the phrase “with logical
amendments” gives rise to substantial uncertainty as reasonable parties can
disagree on whether an amendment is logical. This submission is contrary to
the authorities which indicate that the phrase “with logical amendments”, on
its own, would not preclude a contract from being formed and that such
amendments can be determined objectively (see [35] above). Thus I would have
rejected this argument as well.

Breach of charterparty and damages

55 The final broad issue in dispute is whether the defendant’s rejection of
the draft charterparty on 29 October 2014 was a repudiatory breach of contract
and, if so, what damages the plaintiff is entitled to. Because of my finding
that there was never a contract concluded between the parties, this is also a
dead issue. But as the parties have made substantial submissions on this
point, I will deal with their arguments briefly.

Breach and ambit of defendant’s right of review

56 On the issue of breach, the plaintiff argues that, even if the defendant
had not waived its right of review under the Subject Review clause, this right
had to be exercised reasonably and in good faith. Therefore, it claims that
the defendant was in repudiatory breach by rejecting the draft charterparty on
29 October 2014 without giving any reasons or basis for the rejection. There
are several difficulties with this argument.

57 First, the plaintiff relies on certain obiter dicta by Leggatt J in Samos
Shipping Enterprises Ltd v Eckhardt and Co KG (The “Nissos Samos”) [1985] 1
Lloyd's Rep 378 (“The Nissos Samos”) where he appears to suggest that, where
there is a “subject to details” clause, the parties are only entitled to
resile from the contract “if in good faith either party is not satisfied with
any of the details as discussed between them” (at 385). This dicta, however,
was made in the context of pre-contractual negotiations where there is no
binding contract. But our own courts have held that there generally must be a
clear and express agreement for such a duty to negotiate in good faith to be
imposed (HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd (trustee of
Starhill Global Real Estate Investment Trust) v Toshin Development Singapore
Pte Ltd [2012] 4 SLR 738 at [37]). In the present case, there is no clause
obliging the parties to negotiate in good faith, and it is difficult to see on
what basis such a duty can be imposed on the defendant. It is also worth
noting that Leggatt J’s observations in The Nissos Samos were examined in
detail by the English High Court in The Junior K. In that case, Steyn J
construed the dicta from The Nissos Samos in their context and came to the
conclusion that Leggatt J was simply recording and stating a broking view. He
noted that Leggatt J’s observation was “reminiscent of the civilian doctrine
of culpa in contrahendo” which “does not form part of [English] law”. Steyn J
thus rejected the argument that a “subject to details” clause encompasses a
legally enforceable obligation to negotiate in good faith (at 589).

58 In any event, the plaintiff’s reliance on the dicta in The Nissos Samos was
not in aid of the argument 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS. para 30.

that the defendant was under a pre-contractual duty to negotiate in good
faith. Rather, its case is that there was an implied term that the defendant
was obliged to identify the terms they found unacceptable and that the parties
will co-operate in carrying out the review. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS, paras 228–268.

This submission, based on the rules governing when a term can be implied “in
fact”, 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS, para 228.

is a non-starter for two reasons. First, the implied term has not been
pleaded. The issue of whether an implied term has to be pleaded was considered
by the Court of Appeal in Jet Holding Ltd and others v Cooper Cameron
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769. In that
case, Andrew Phang JA drew a distinction between terms implied “in law” and
terms implied “in fact” (at [89]). He then reasoned that the former category
of implied terms, due to its nature, does not need to be pleaded (at [93]).
This analysis necessarily entails that terms implied “in fact”, such as the
term which the plaintiff asserts, have to be pleaded. Second, the submission
presupposes that there was a concluded charterparty, and that the Subject
Review clause was a condition subsequent. However, I have found otherwise (see
[49] above). So there was no contract into which these terms could have been
implied. In essence, the parties were still in negotiations when the defendant
rejected the draft charterparty on 29 October 2014. The defendant therefore
had the unqualified right to either reject or accept any draft charterparty
proposed by the plaintiff on that date.

59 The plaintiff alleges that it would be unjust for the court to reach such a
conclusion and that the defendant should not benefit from having cynically
disavowed the Mecuria Bid in order to enter into a more profitable charter
with another party. I am not persuaded that there is any such injustice in
this case. The facts indicate that the delay in the conclusion of the
charterparty was largely the plaintiff’s own doing. The Subject Review clause
made clear that the onus was on the plaintiff to prepare a draft charterparty,
based on its own pro forma charterparty, for the defendant’s review. Even if
the plaintiff did not have its own pro forma charterparty for this purpose,
its broker, Mr Shu received the Australian Cargo CP on 16 October 2014. But
the plaintiff only provided the draft charterparty to the defendant on 24
October 2014, some ten days after the alleged conclusion of the charterparty.
By then, the laycan was less than one month away. A second draft charterparty
was then sent by Mr Shu to the plaintiff on 27 October 2014. Mr Gupta’s
evidence, which was largely uncontested by the plaintiff, was that even this
later draft was unworkable. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NOE for 19 May 2016, pp 120:19–22.

During this period, further complications arose because of the plaintiff’s
rejection of The Pan Gold at the behest of its shipper. The rejection was
purportedly premised on issues with The Pan Gold’s Rightship vetting. However,
the defendant did not expressly guarantee the Rightship approval of the vessel
in the Mecuria Bid. Even if the plaintiff was entitled to rely on the
Rightship vetting to reject the vessel, it is undeniable that the initial
rejection on 24 October 2014 and its complete turnaround which led to the
acceptance of The Pan Gold on 29 October 2014 contributed to a delay of six
days during which the freight rates moved against the plaintiff. In any case,
even if the defendant’s motivation for rejecting the draft charterparty on 29
October 2014 was simply to profit from a rise in the freight market, this was
not in itself wrongful. The Subject Review clause specifically provided that a
binding contract would only be concluded after the defendant’s review of the
detailed terms of the charterparty and a final agreement between the parties
thereafter. Such an agreement was never reached.

60 Put simply, this was a case where the plaintiff bore the risk of the
freight market rising before the full conclusion of the negotiations.
Conversely, if the market had fallen before the contract was concluded, the
plaintiff would have been entitled to secure a less expensive fixture, and
thereby profited. This was the legal effect of the Subject Review clause. It
cuts both ways. The fact that the freight prices did rise, leading the
plaintiff to suffer losses, was an ordinary incident of the charter trade
rather than a consequence of any legal wrong.

Damages

61 The defendant submits that the losses which the plaintiff suffered cannot
be quantified even if there had been a breach of contract. I agree that the
plaintiff’s evidence is problematic on both: (a) the terms of the substitute
charter which it entered into with RGL; and (b) the prevailing market rate
when it entered into the substitute charter. However, if I had ruled in favour
of the plaintiff on liability, it is unlikely that I would have found these
evidential gaps on the quantum of damages to be insurmountable.

62 First, as noted above (at [17]), the plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the
substitute charter was entered into with RGL on or about 8 November 2014 at
the higher freight rate of US$25.25 per metric tonne. It submits that the
terms of this substitute charterparty were contained in a “recap” email dated
7 November 2014 (“the Recap Email”) which was sent to both the plaintiff’s
representative, Mr Liu, and RGL. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Jin Yan dated 3 December 2015 (“JY
affidavit”), para 3.

But Mr Liu, under cross-examination, disavowed the Recap Email and insisted
that there is another document dated 8 November 2014 which was not tendered as
evidence. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NOE for 17 May 2016, pp 74:8–11.

Hence the defendant, although it accepts that there was a substitute charter,
argues that the court should not accept the plaintiff’s claim as to the
freight rate and terms of this charterparty. I agree that Mr Liu’s testimony
is problematic. However, all the other evidence leads to the clear conclusion
that the plaintiff has proved its case as to the terms and freight rate of the
substitute charter.

(a) First, although Mr Liu disavowed the Recap Email, he did not disclaim his
evidence that the substitute charter was entered into at the lowest available
rate at that time, which was US$25.25 per metric tonne. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

LB affidavit, para 45(e).

(b) Second, the representative of RGL, Mr Jin Yan, corroborated the
plaintiff’s case that the freight rate agreed for the substitute charter was
indeed US$25.25 per metric tonne as stated in the Recap Email. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

JY affidavit, para 3.

Mr Jin Yan was personally involved in negotiating the substitute charter on
behalf of RGL, and is a disinterested party to this dispute. His evidence on
this particular point was not challenged by the defendant at trial either. So
there is no reason for me to disbelieve him.

(c) Third, the plaintiff also produced documentary evidence of the invoices
and payment documents relating to the substitute charter. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

LB affidavit, LB-16.

Mr Jin Yan confirmed that the invoices were issued by RGL, and that the
plaintiff had made full payment. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

JY affidavit, paras 6, 7, 11 and 12.

These documents indicated that the freight rate agreed with RGL was in fact
US$25.25 per metric tonne.

(d) Finally, Mr Jin Yan’s evidence was that there is no other document
containing the terms of the substitute charterparty other than the Recap
Email. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

JY affidavit, para 3.

This is another point on which he was not challenged under cross-examination.
This supports the plaintiff’s explanation that Mr Liu was simply confused by
the date of the Recap Email being 7 instead of 8 November 2014, and that his
disavowal of the Recap Email does not undermine his other evidence as to the
terms of the substitute charterparty.

Hence, if I had to decide the point, I would have found that the substitute
charterparty with RGL was entered into at the rate of US$25.25 per metric
tonne as pleaded by the plaintiff.

63 Next, the plaintiff’s expert evidence on the market freight rate at the
time when the substitute charter was entered into is incomplete. Its expert,
Ms Karina Albers (“Ms Albers”), gave evidence that, during the period from 5
until 8 November 2014, the prevailing market rate for a capsize bulk carrier
similar to The Pan Gold was on average US$24.50. Thus, she opined that the
freight rate of US$25.25 secured by the plaintiff for the substitute charter
was reasonable, and not much of a premium in relation to the market levels
since the plaintiff had to confirm a charter and nominate a vessel by 11
November 2014, ten days before the agreed laycan commenced. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Karina Albers dated 1 December 2015, Exhibit
KA-2 (“KA Report”), pp 7–8.

Her evidence was largely premised on data from the Baltic Exchange on Baltic
Capsize Index routes and the Baltic Exchange fixtures lists on comparable
charterparties concluded between 5 and 10 November 2014. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

KA Report, pp 2 and 6.

This underlying data, however, was not annexed to her expert report, or
tendered as evidence by the plaintiff. This clearly ought to have been done,
although Ms Albers informed the court that the data was publically available
and could be downloaded from the Baltic Exchange online database. The
defendant therefore argues that no weight should be given to her evidence. I
disagree. The plaintiff’s failure to adduce the underlying data from the
Baltic Exchange, while unsatisfactory, is not by itself fatal to its claim on
the facts of this case. First, Ms Albers’ evidence as to the prevailing market
rates is only relevant to the issue of whether the substitute charter was
secured at a reasonable rate. While the defendant alleges that the rate of
US$25.25 per metric tonne was far in excess of the market rate, this
submission is premised solely on one similar charterparty which was concluded
on 10 November 2014 at the rate of US$23 per metric tonne. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First SG affidavit, paras 33 and 34.

It did not produce any evidence to otherwise contradict Ms Albers’ expert
evidence on the prevailing market rates, or to show that she misquoted the
data from the Baltic Exchange. It is worth noting that, in her report, she did
take into account the 10 November 2014 charter relied upon by the defendant as
well. Thus, given Ms Albers’ substantial expertise and qualifications in this
area, I would not have rejected her evidence simply on the basis that the
underlying data she relied on was not annexed. Her expert evidence was the
best evidence before the court of the freight market rates during the relevant
period. Next, even if I had been persuaded that the freight rate of US$25.25
per metric tonne was not reasonable, the plaintiff would still have been
entitled to damages as Mr Gupta’s own evidence was that the market rate at the
relevant time was US$23 per metric tonne. This was still well above the rate
of US$18.40 per metric tonne offered in the Mecuria Bid. In any case, I do not
need to make any firm findings on this point given my rejection of the
plaintiff’s claim.

Conclusion

64 For the above reasons, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim with costs fixed at
$175,000 plus reasonable disbursements to be taxed if not agreed.

  
Steven Chong  
Judge

Edgar Chin Ren Howe and Thio Soon Heng, Jonathan Mark (Incisive Law LLC) for
the plaintiff;  
Tay Twan Lip Philip and Yip Li Ming (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

