Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 235

Magistrate’s Appeal No 123 of 2015/01

Between

| SOH GUAN CHEOW ANTHONY  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 123 of 2015/02

Between

| PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| SOH GUAN CHEOW ANTHONY  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Disclosure]

[Financial and Securities Markets] — [Insider Trading]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Soh Guan Cheow Anthony

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor and another appeal

[2016] SGHC 235

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 123 of 2015/01 and 123 of 2015/02  
See Kee Oon JC  
26, 27 May 2016

20 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon JC:

1 The accused, Soh Guan Cheow Anthony (“Soh”), faced 39 charges under the
Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SFA”) and the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”). Soh claimed trial to 11 charges under the
SFA and was convicted of those charges. After his conviction, he pleaded
guilty to 28 other charges under the CA. He was thereafter sentenced to a
global imprisonment term of eight years and nine months, and a total fine of
S$50,000 in default ten weeks’ imprisonment. The grounds of decision of the
District Judge on conviction and sentence are reported as Public Prosecutor v
Soh Guan Cheow Anthony [2015] SGDC 190 (“GD”).

2 Magistrate’s Appeal No 123 of 2015/01 (“MA 123/2015/01”) is Soh’s appeal
against his conviction on the said 11 charges and the sentences imposed on him
for the same whereas Magistrate’s Appeal No 123 of 2015/02 ("MA 123/2015/02”)
is the Prosecution’s appeal against the individual sentences imposed in
respect of the 1st to 7th, 37th and 38th charges, and the aggregate term of
imprisonment imposed.

Background

3 As can be seen from the Statement of Agreed Facts tendered during the trial,
the material background facts are largely undisputed. Soh is a medical doctor
by training. In 2000, he left the medical profession to enter the financial
services industry, joining UOB Venture Management Pte Ltd (“UOB Venture”) as
an Associate Director. He was subsequently appointed to head the investment
team at UOB Venture Bio Investment Pte Ltd. He left UOB Venture in 2003 and
went into the investment advisory and management business. The District Judge
found that although Soh had never trained or practised as a banker, he was
well-versed with corporate loans and financing.

4 The present proceedings arose from a failed Voluntary General Offer (“VGO”)
made by Soh’s investment vehicle Asia Pacific Links Ltd (“APLL”) for all the
issued ordinary shares in Jade Technologies Holdings Ltd (“Jade”) which it did
not already own or control. Soh was, at the material time, a director and the
sole shareholder of APLL. As at 18 July 2007, Soh controlled, through APLL,
52.47% of Jade’s total issued share capital. His shareholding in Jade
comprised 445,672,504 shares held by APLL. On 23 May 2007 and 8 June 2007, Soh
was appointed a non-executive director and the Group President of Jade
respectively.

Financing agreements

5 On 18 September 2007, APLL entered into a loan facility with a financial
institution known as Singapura Finance Ltd (“Singapura Finance”) to obtain a
loan for S$4m secured by 34,000,000 Jade shares. Under the terms of the loan
facility, the value of Jade shares was capped at market value or S$0.24 per
share, whichever was lower, and the security ratio for the loan was 50%. In
other words, APLL would be required to top up the difference if the market
value of the 34,000,000 Jade shares fell below S$8m.

6 On 12 October 2007, APLL raised more funds by entering into a securities
lending agreement with Opes Prime Stockbroking Ltd (“Opes Prime”), a company
registered in Melbourne, Australia. Under the agreement which was known as the
Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (“GMSLA”), APLL agreed to deliver
securities or other financial instruments to Opes Prime in return for a cash
collateral. Either party could terminate the GMSLA by exchanging the cash
collateral for the Jade shares or vice versa.

7 Pursuant to the GMSLA, APLL transferred a total of 145,050,000 Jade shares
(15.78% of Jade’s total issued share capital) in three separate tranches to
Merrill Lynch Singapore Pte Ltd (“Merrill Lynch”), which held the shares as
custodian for Opes Prime. The total cash collateral received by APLL in return
for the Jade shares was S$28.63m. Under the GMSLA, APLL was required to
maintain a loan to value ratio of 60%. This meant that a margin call would be
triggered if the cash collateral provided by Opes Prime to APLL exceeded 60%
of the value of the securities.

8 Jade was regarded as a penny stock and hence local financiers were unwilling
to grant much credit on pledges secured by Jade shares. Significantly, the
GMSLA differed from the share financing arrangement between APLL and Singapura
Finance in that title to the Jade shares passed to Opes Prime upon delivery.
Clause 2.3 of the GMSLA made it clear that notwithstanding the use of
expressions such as “borrow” or “lend”, title to the securities “borrowed” or
“lent” passed from one party to the other upon delivery of those securities.
The party obtaining such title would be obliged to redeliver equivalent
securities or equivalent collateral as the case may be. In Overseas-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd v Asia Pacific Links Ltd and another (Abdul Rahman bin
Maarip, third party) [2011] 1 SLR 906, it was found as a fact by the High
Court (and affirmed on appeal) that APLL no longer held title to the Jade
shares that had been transferred under the GMSLA.

The purchase of 5,500,000 Jade shares between 15 August and 16 November 2007

9 Between 15 August 2007 and 16 November 2007, Soh purchased a total of
5,500,000 Jade shares from the open market on five occasions:

Date of purchase| Number of shares purchased| Purchase price (average)  
---|---|---  
15 August 2007| 1,000,000| S$0.274 per share  
4 October 2007| 1,000,000| S$0.38 per share  
8 October 2007| 2,000,000| S$0.377 per share  
12 November 2007| 1,000,000| S$0.269 per share  
16 November 2007| 500,000| S$0.243 per share  
  
10 The above purchases were made through a trading account held by Faitheagle
Investments Ltd ("Faitheagle"), a company wholly owned by Soh. At the time of
the purchases, Soh was a director of Jade and was thus required under ss
165(1)(b) and 166(1) of the CA to notify Jade and the SGX of any change in his
Jade shareholdings within two working days . However, Soh did not do so in
respect of his purchases of Jade shares on each of those five occasions.

The decline in Jade’s share price and the margin calls

11 Between November and December 2007, Jade’s share price declined from S$0.34
on 1 November 2007 to S$0.275 on 31 December 2007. Due to the decline in
Jade’s share price, Soh received several margin calls from Opes Prime
requiring him to top up the deficit in his account to maintain the loan to
value ratio. The quantum of these margin calls ranged from S$3.71m to S$7.4m.

12 In January 2008, Jade experienced a further drastic decline in its share
price from S$0.275 to S$0.09. The size of the margin calls in APLL’s account
with Opes Prime increased accordingly and APLL began to receive margin calls
from Singapura Finance.

13 Subsequently, Opes Prime force-sold 4,600,000 of Jade shares to offset the
shortfall in APLL’s account. To prevent further disposals of Jade shares that
had been delivered to Opes Prime, Soh delivered a further 155,000,000 Jade
shares to Opes Prime on 25 January 2008 to rectify the margin deficit. By
then, APLL had delivered to Opes Prime a total of 300,050,000 Jade shares
under the GMSLA, of which 4,600,000 shares were force-sold. No disclosure of
the forced sale of 4,600,000 Jade shares was made by Merrill Lynch, Opes Prime
or APLL.

14  Separately, on 15 January 2008, Singapura Finance sent a letter to Soh
requesting payment of S$355,684.93 to top up the deficit in his account. No
payment was made. After a further fall in Jade’s share price, Singapura
Finance sent a second letter to Soh on 22 January 2008 to request for payment
of S$1,295,684.08. Soh then proposed to transfer 30,000,000 Jade shares to
Singapura Finance as additional security and a minimum payment of between
S$180,000 and S$250,000. This proposal was accepted by Singapura Finance.

Announcement regarding the purchase of 5,500,000 Jade shares on 21 January
2008

15  On 21 January 2008, Soh sent an email to Vera Lim, the company secretary
of Jade. In his email, he stated that he had personally purchased a total of
5,500,000 Jade shares for a total consideration of S$1.11m on 21 January 2008.
Soh also provided the following breakdown of the various purchase prices of
the Jade shares he said he purchased on 21 January 2008:

Price| Number of shares purchased| Value  
---|---|---  
S$0.225| 500,000| S$112,500  
S$0.220| 500,000| S$110,000  
S$0.215| 1,500,000| S$322,500  
S$0.210| 1,000,000| S$210,000  
S$0.185| 1,000,000| S$185,000  
S$0.170| 1,000,000| S$170,000  
  
16 Vera Lim proceeded to file a notice regarding Soh’s purchase of 5,500,000
Jade shares with the SGX on 21 January 2008 and the notice was announced over
the SGXNET. In reality, Soh did not purchase 5,500,000 Jade shares on 21
January 2008 but he did purchase 5,500,000 Jade shares through Faitheagle’s
trading account between August and November 2007 as set out above (at [9] and
[10]) although these purchases had not been previously announced.

Subscription of E3 and Netelusion shares

17 In January 2008, Soh was due to make payment for the subscription of shares
in two listed companies, E3 Holdings Ltd ("E3") and Netelusion Ltd
("Netelusion"). He had entered into two separate agreements with E3 and
Netelusion on 20 September 2007 and 9 October 2007 respectively for the
subscription of 280,000,000 E3 shares and 42,000,000 Netelusion shares. This
was about the same time he had negotiated and obtained shares financing of
S$4m from Singapura Finance and cash collateral of S$28.63m from Opes Prime.

18 The total cash consideration to be paid by Soh for the subscription of the
E3 and Netelusion shares amounted to S$15.26m. Soh had earlier made a 10%
down-payment and the remaining 90%, which amounted to S$8.82m for E3 and
S$4.91m for Netelusion, was due on 9 January 2008 and 18 January 2008
respectively. Soh failed to make the payments by the stipulated dates and
requested the payment dates to be extended to March 2008.

Soh’s financial woes

19 By January 2008, Soh was in serious financial difficulty. He had failed to
make payments for his subscription of E3 and Netelusion shares which amounted
to S$15.26m. The significant decline in Jade’s share price was also triggering
margin calls from Singapura Finance and Opes Prime. In an email to one Marian
Morgan on 24 January 2008, Soh stated that the “[s]tock market was very bad
and we have terrible margin calls that are driving us crazy”. Soh also had
difficulties making a US$100,000 payment in January 2008 to Marian Morgan as
there were insufficient funds in his account as at 29 January 2008. In the
same month, Soh also owed two other investors approximately S$8m as a result
of losses in certain principal protected investments.

20 In February 2008, Soh had to cobble together A$500,000 to pay for an
apartment he had purchased in Melbourne, Australia, in his daughter’s name,
with completion scheduled for February 2008. He had missed the due date for
payment in February 2008, and had only made payment in March 2008 out of the
proceeds derived from sales of Jade shares during the VGO period, a point I
will return to later.

21 Separately, Soh also owed one Christopher Ho US$1.2m and S$500,000 as well
as one Tony Liok US$500,000 for various capital guaranteed investments. This
was evidenced by an email dated 8 April 2008 which stated that the amounts had
been outstanding for more than two years.

Events leading to the VGO

The first meeting

22 On 30 January 2008, the price of Jade shares was S$0.09. On 31 January
2008, Soh had a meeting with Mike Tan Hai Seng (“Mike Tan”) from OCBC
Securities Pte Ltd (“the First Meeting”). At that meeting, Soh was introduced
to Tsai Ai Liang (“Tsai”) and Ang Suat Ching (“Ang”) of OCBC Bank. Tsai was
the Head of OCBC Corporate Finance and Ang was the Vice-President of OCBC
Corporate Finance.

23 Soh informed the team from OCBC that he intended, through APLL, to make a
VGO for the remaining shares in Jade not owned or controlled by him. He also
informed them that based on Jade’s annual report released in December 2007,
APLL’s direct and indirect interest in Jade shares amounted to 46.54%. This
shareholding included the 5,500,000 Jade shares that he purportedly bought
under his name on 21 January 2008.

24 To determine the offer price, Soh was asked by the team from OCBC whether
APLL or he had purchased Jade shares in the three months immediately prior to
31 January 2008, and if so, the highest price paid for the shares. Soh
informed them that he had purchased 5,500,000 Jade shares on 21 January 2008
and that the prices paid for these shares ranged from S$0.170 to S$0.225. As
required by the takeover rules, the offer price for the VGO was fixed at the
minimum of S$0.225 a share, since this was the highest price he had
purportedly paid for Jade shares in the three months immediately prior to 31
January 2008.

25 Tsai and Ang gave evidence that Soh knew that S$116.6m would be required to
finance full acceptances of the VGO based on an offer price of S$0.225. Both
of them also testified that Soh was told that OCBC would require APLL to
provide a letter from another bank to expressly confirm that APLL had the
requisite funds to satisfy full acceptances under the VGO. This letter is
commonly known as the Financial Resources Confirmation (“the FRC”).

26 At the end of the First Meeting, Soh agreed to appoint OCBC as financial
adviser to APLL, the offeror in the VGO. On 1 February 2008, OCBC and Allen &
Gledhill LLP (“A&G”) were formally appointed APLL’s financial adviser and
legal adviser respectively.

The second meeting

27 A second meeting was held on 4 February 2008 (“the Second Meeting”). The
meeting was attended by Mike Tan, Ang and Tan Wei Ping (“Tan”), a manager at
the corporate finance department of OCBC. Steven Lo (“Lo”) of A&G and his
assistant Wong Hui Ling (“Wong”) also attended this meeting.

28 During the meeting, Soh gave an introduction of APLL. He explained that
APLL was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and was wholly owned by
him. Soh confirmed that he and APLL jointly held a 46.54% stake in Jade as of
21 January 2008. Soh had also orally confirmed at the Second Meeting his
purchase of 5,500,000 Jade shares on 21 January 2008 at prices between S$0.170
and S$0.225. Soh confirmed that this was his last purchase in the preceding
three months.

29 During the Second Meeting, the subject of APLL’s GMSLA with Opes Prime was
raised. OCBC and A&G were informed by Soh that APLL had pledged 140,000,000
Jade shares as security to Opes Prime in return for cash collateral. However,
neither the officers from OCBC nor the lawyers from A&G had seen the GMSLA at
that time or given any advice to Soh regarding the effect the delivery of
securities under the GMSLA had on the beneficial ownership of the Jade shares
that were so delivered. By way of an email dated 5 February 2008, A&G
requested Soh to provide them with, inter alia, a copy of the GMSLA. Copies of
the GMSLA were only provided to OCBC and A&G on 28 March 2008, a day after
Opes Prime’s collapse on 27 March 2008.

The first verification meeting

30 On 14 February 2008, the first verification meeting was held at the office
of A&G and was attended by Soh and Norman Phua (“Phua”), Soh’s personal
assistant, OCBC officers (namely, Tsai, Ang, and Tan) and lawyers from A&G
(namely, Wong and Christopher Koh, a partner at A&G).

31 At this meeting, Soh confirmed that he and APLL collectively owned and
controlled 451,172,504 Jade shares. This confirmation was patently false as
the figure proffered by Soh included the 4,600,000 Jade shares which Soh knew
Opes Prime had force-sold earlier. Further, Soh had also separately sold
1,000,000 Jade shares just two days earlier on 12 February 2008, as outlined
below at [34], and the said 1,000,000 shares were likewise still included in
the 451,172,504 shares that he claimed to own and control.

32 The OCBC officers testified that they had informed Wong that they had yet
to receive the FRC and therefore could not confirm the part of the draft VGO
announcement which set out OCBC’s confirmation that sufficient financial
resources were available to APLL for the VGO. Tan also gave evidence that Soh
had himself stated that the FRC was still pending and he would provide OCBC
with the same once it arrived.

33 The draft verification notes which were circulated by A&G on 24 March 2008
wrongly stated that OCBC had confirmed that APLL had sufficient resources for
the VGO as at 14 February 2008. Nonetheless, given that Soh had already given
OCBC the FRC on 18 February 2008, OCBC did not raise any issue with A&G. The
District Judge accepted to be true the OCBC officers’ account as to what
transpired during the 14 February 2008 meeting.

Sale of 1,000,000 Jade shares by Soh on 12 February 2008

34 On 12 February 2008, while discussions concerning the VGO were still
ongoing, Soh sold 1,000,000 Jade shares on the open market at the price of
S$0.215 per share. The sale was made through a trading account held by
Faitheagle. At the time of sale, Soh was a director of Jade and was thus
required under ss 165(1)(b) and 166(1) of the CA to notify Jade and the SGX of
any changes in his shareholdings of Jade within two days of the change. Soh
did not do so. Significantly, Soh also did not inform OCBC or A&G of his sale
of 1,000,000 Jade shares on 12 February 2008.

The furnishing of the FRC letter by Soh to OCBC

35 Soh was informed by OCBC’s officers that OCBC required the FRC before
confirming that APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy full
acceptance of the VGO. Soh requested a template of the FRC, which OCBC
provided him. The text of the template stated:

PROPOSED VOLUNTARTY [sic] CONDITIONAL CASH OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR ALL SHARES
(“OFFER SHARES”) IN THE CAPITAL OF JADE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS LIMITED NOT
ALREADY OWNED OR AGREED TO BE ACQUIRED BY ASIA PACIFIC LINKS LIMITED
(“COMPANY”) AND ITS CONCERT PARTIES

We refer to the above.

We have been instructed by the Company to earmark S$[•amount] from our [•type
of facility] granted to the Company, to make payment for the Offer Shares
tendered in acceptance of the Offer. In this regard, we confirm that the
Company has sufficient financial resources to satisfy full acceptances of the
Offer.

Yours faithfully

For and on behalf of

[•NAME OF BANK]

…

[emphasis in original]

36 On 18 February 2008, Soh sent an email to Ang, Wong, Phua and Tan
containing a scanned copy of an FRC letter (“the FRC Letter”) purportedly
issued by Standard Chartered Bank Jakarta Branch ("SCBJ"). Dated 18 February
2008, the FRC letter stated that SCBJ was instructed by APLL to earmark US$100
million from a current account maintained with SCBJ (“the SCBJ account”) to
make payment for the shares tendered in acceptance of the VGO. In the FRC
Letter, it was stated that APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy
full acceptances of the VGO. The FRC letter was purportedly signed by one Ng
Khok Pheng, purportedly a manager of SCBJ and one Lim Bun Tjaij, purportedly
trade service officer of SCBJ.

37 In the same email of 18 February 2008, Soh stated that the original copy of
the FRC Letter would be mailed to OCBC’s office and a banker’s guarantee for
the amount of US$100 million would be sent to OCBC via the Society for
Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) network within a
week. The SWIFT network allows financial institutions worldwide to send and
receive information about financial transactions in a secure, standardised and
reliable environment.

38 Tan informed Phua that the attachment in Soh’s email was blocked by OCBC’s
email server and OCBC was unable to open the attachment containing the scanned
copy of the letter. Phua informed Soh accordingly and a color copy of the
scanned FRC Letter from SCBJ was printed. Soh wrote the words “certified true
copy” together with his signature and designation on the FRC Letter and handed
the letter to Phua for delivery to Tan.

39 Later that same day, relying on the scanned copy of the FRC Letter, OCBC
released an announcement to the SGX on behalf of APLL about the voluntary
conditional cash offer by APLL to acquire all issued ordinary shares in Jade
at the offer price of S$0.225 per share (the “Offer Announcement”). The Offer
Announcement stated, inter alia, that:

(a) APLL and its concert parties (including Soh) collectively and beneficially
owned 451,172,504 shares representing 46.54% of the issued capital of Jade;

(b) OCBC confirmed that APLL had sufficient financial resources to satisfy
full acceptances of the Offer;

(c) APLL intended, through the Offer, to develop and grow the businesses of
Jade and its subsidiaries and pursue opportunities for revenue synergies,
particularly in the energy sector;

(d) the directors of APLL had taken all reasonable care to ensure that the
facts stated and all opinions expressed in the Offer Announcement were
accurate;

(e) aside from the purchase of 5,500,000 Jade shares on 21 January 2008 for
the price of S$0.225 per share, APLL and its directors had not dealt in Jade
shares for the preceding three months;

(f) the Offer price was S$0.225 per share; and

(g) the Offer was conditional on acceptances bringing APLL holdings past the
50% mark.

40 On the first trading day after the Offer Announcement, on 19 February 2008,
the share price of Jade closed at S$0.220 which was slightly above the closing
price on 12 February 2008 of S$0.205. Thereafter, Jade shares traded at
between S$0.220 and S$0.235 for the duration of the VGO.

Sale of 4,500,000 Jade shares in Faitheagle’s account between 21 and 25
February 2008

41 On 21, 22 and 25 February 2008, whilst the VGO was subsisting, Soh procured
the sale of 4,500,000 Jade shares through a trading account maintained under
the name of Faitheagle.

Date| Number of Jade shares sold| Selling price  
---|---|---  
21 February 2008| 1,000,000| S$0.220 per share  
22 February 2008| 2,000,000| S$0.220 per share  
25 February 2008| 1,500,000| S$0.220 per share  
  
Soh did not notify Jade or SGX regarding the abovementioned sale of the
4,500,000 Jade shares.

Transfer of 50,000,000 Jade shares from APLL’s account to Faitheagle’s account

42 On 7 March 2008, whilst the VGO was ongoing, Soh transferred 50,000,000
Jade shares from APLL’s account to Faitheagle’s account. Both APLL and
Faitheagle were investment companies solely owned by Soh as a sole
shareholder. Soh did not notify Jade or SGX of the transfer.

The FRC Letter and the SWIFT

43 On 10 March 2008, after a verification meeting with Soh, OCBC released the
Offer Document that was the formal offer to Jade shareholders. According to
the Offer Document, the VGO would have closed on 7 April 2008.

44 On or about 19 March 2008, OCBC was informed that APLL had procured a
banker’s guarantee, purportedly issued by SCBJ, to pay for acceptances of the
VGO (“the Banker’s Guarantee”). OCBC was also informed that a funds
confirmation would be sent to it via SWIFT for this purpose (the “First
SWIFT”), and thereafter a banker’s guarantee for US$50m, and a second banker’s
guarantee for a further US$50m would be issued.

45 On 27 March 2008, Tan was informed that the First SWIFT could not be
located. The SWIFT department of OCBC also found irregularities in the format
of the copy of the First SWIFT provided to OCBC. Tan then contacted Soh and
informed him that OCBC would be contacting SCBJ directly. Soh informed him to
proceed. Subsequently, OCBC’s investigations revealed that SCBJ did not issue
the FRC Letter, the Banker’s Guarantee or the First SWIFT to OCBC.

46 On 28 March 2008, at a meeting with OCBC and A&G, Soh informed the parties
that Opes Prime had been placed under receivership and that this would affect
his shareholding in Jade as a result of the GMSLA. It was then that Soh asked
OCBC if the offer made by APLL, now faced with the collapse of Opes Prime,
might be withdrawn on the basis of Opes Prime’s receivership.

47 On 29 March 2008, A&G discharged itself as legal adviser to APLL in
relation to the VGO. On 1 April 2008, Soh, through Rodyk & Davidson LLP
(“Rodyk & Davidson”), the new solicitors acting for APLL, provided OCBC with a
circular dated 1 April 2008 from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (the receivers and
managers of Opes Prime) (“the Deloitte Circular” ). The Deloitte Circular
explained that the title to the shares “lent” to Opes Prime was in fact fully
transferred to Opes Prime. This meant that Soh had a controlling interest of
far less than 46.54% of Jade’s shareholding.

48 On 1 April 2008, through Rodyk & Davidson, APLL sent a letter signed by Soh
to the Board of Directors of Jade informing Jade of the Deloitte Circular and
stating that “[t]he Offeror is seeking further advice on its rights. A review
of the terms of the SLA is consistent with the position as set out in the
Circular. If this position is correct, the Offeror’s shareholdings as stated
in the Offer Document needs to be corrected”.

49 On 1 April 2008, Rodyk & Davidson sent an e-mail to OCBC attaching a copy
of a purported confirmation from SCBJ that the SWIFT remittance of US$100m
would be effected that day (“the Second SWIFT”). By the close of business on 1
April 2008, OCBC still had not received the Second SWIFT.

50 On 2 April 2008, according to a Rodyk & Davidson e-mail, APLL was directed
by the Securities Industry Council (“SIC”) to send another letter to the Board
of Directors of Jade stating that because of the transfer of shares to Opes
Prime, APLL was to confirm whether it had sufficient financial resources to
satisfy full acceptances of the VGO.

51 OCBC as well as Rodyk & Davidson subsequently discharged themselves as
advisers to APLL in connection with the VGO on 2 April 2008 and 3 April 2008
respectively. Although OCBC had resigned as APLL’s financial adviser, Soh
still contacted the OCBC team on 3 April 2008 to inform OCBC that the SIC had
requested that he provide OCBC with a confirmation of his financial capacity
to complete the VGO by noon on 4 April 2008 via a SWIFT confirmation, failing
which the SIC would require APLL to withdraw the VGO.

52 Soh also informed OCBC that he had given instructions for the cancellation
of the Second SWIFT and had given instructions for SCBJ to send another SWIFT
confirmation to OCBC (“the Third SWIFT”). By the expiry of SIC’s deadline,
OCBC’s SWIFT Operations Department was still unable to locate the Third SWIFT.
At the suggestion of the SIC, Tan made another inquiry with SCBJ to confirm
whether SCBJ had issued any SWIFT messages to OCBC in connection with the VGO
during the relevant period of time. The bank officer whom Tan spoke to
confirmed that SCBJ had not issued any SWIFT messages to OCBC in connection
with the VGO.

Letter furnished by Soh to the SIC regarding financial resources for the VGO

53 In response to the SIC’s requirement for proof of his financial resources
to complete the VGO, Soh wrote a letter dated 3 April 2008 informing the SIC
that he had given instructions to SCBJ on 1 April 2008 to transmit via SWIFT a
banker’s guarantee of US$100 million to OCBC. In addition, he stated that he
would be instructing SCBJ on the same day to transmit an additional banker’s
guarantee for an amount of up to US$100 million to a bank in Singapore. It was
an agreed fact that no such instructions were given to SCBJ.

54 The VGO was subsequently withdrawn on 4 April 2008 with the consent of the
SIC, after APLL failed to provide the SIC with sufficient proof that it had
the financial resources to complete the VGO.

Sale of 45,700,000 Jade shares in Faitheagle’s account between 10 and 31 March
2008

55 Between 10 and 31 March 2008, while the VGO was still extant, Soh procured
the sale of a total of 45,700,000 Jade shares from the account of Faitheagle
on four days:

Date of sales| Number of Jade shares sold| Selling price (average)  
---|---|---  
10 March 2008| 15,000,000| S$0.222 per share  
11 March 2008| 11,000,000| S$0.223 per share  
17 March 2008| 4,700,000| S$0.220 per share  
31 March 2008| 15,000,000| S$0.220 per share  
  
56 Soh did not notify Jade or SGX regarding the sale of the 45,700,000 Jade
shares. The proceeds from the sale of the 45,700,000 Jade shares amounted to
approximately S$10m. S$5.9m was by used Soh to pay for the subscription of
shares in Netelusion and E3 Holdings, which had been due for payment since
January 2008. Soh used S$1.5m to repay his loans while the remaining S$2.6m
had been seized by the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”). The District
Judge also found that Soh had converted a sum of S$519,400, being proceeds
from his undisclosed February 2008 sales of Jade shares, into Australian
currency and had wired the same to Australia to meet a late payment for an
apartment purchase in Melbourne.

The charges

57 Soh faced 39 charges which arose out of the facts stated above.

(a) The 1st to 7th charges were in respect of insider trading offences under s
218(2)(b) of the SFA. These alleged that Soh, as a director and thus a
connected person of Jade, had traded in Jade shares between 21 February 2008
and 31 March 2008 when he was in possession of inside information (that is,
information that APLL did not have sufficient financial resources to implement
its VGO).

(b) The 8th charge was in respect of a false report allegedly furnished by Soh
to the SGX, an offence under s 330(1) of the SFA. The charge averred that Soh
had on 21 January 2008 authorised the furnishing of a false report to the SGX
stating that he had purchased 5,500,000 Jade shares.

(c) The 9th to 22nd charges, in respect of Soh’s failure to notify Jade about
share purchases or sales, involved offences under s 165(1)(b) of the CA. These
alleged that Soh, as a director of Jade, had failed to notify Jade about share
purchases/sales in which he had an interest on various occasions between 15
August 2007 and 31 March 2008.

(d) The 23rd to 36th charges, in respect of Soh’s failure to notify the SGX
about share purchases or sales, involved offences under s 166(1) of the CA.
These involved allegations that Soh, as a director of Jade, had failed to
notify SGX about share purchases/sales in which he had an interest on various
occasions between 15 August 2007 and 31 March 2008.

(e) The 37th charge was in respect of Soh having allegedly made a takeover
offer without having reasonable grounds for believing that he or APLL had
sufficient financial resources to implement that takeover. This concerned a
charge under s 140(2) of the SFA which averred that Soh had caused APLL to
announce the VGO on 18 February 2008 without reasonable grounds for believing
that it would be able to satisfy the acceptances.

(f) The 38th charge was in respect of Soh’s creation of a false or misleading
appearance as to Jade’s share price. It involved an offence under s 197(1)(b)
of the SFA. The charge averred that Soh had caused APLL to announce the VGO on
18 February 2008 with the primary intention of raising/maintaining the share
price of Jade.

(g) The 39th charge was in respect of a false report allegedly furnished by
Soh to deceive the SIC, an offence under s 330(2) of the SFA. The charge
averred that Soh had authorised the furnishing of a false report to the SIC
stating that APLL had given instructions to SCBJ to transmit banker’s
guarantees for a total of US$200m.

58 Soh claimed trial to the 11 SFA charges, namely, the 1st to 8th charges and
the 37th to 39th charges. The remaining 28 charges (ie, the 9th to 36th
charges under the CA) were stood down for Soh to decide on his course of
action after the outcome of his trial to the 11 SFA charges was known.

The decision below

Submission of no case to answer

59 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, the Defence submitted that it had
no case to answer in respect of nine charges, namely, the 1st to 7th charges
as well as the 37th and 38th charges. The District Judge rejected the
Defence’s submission and held that there was a case for the Defence to answer
in respect of the aforesaid charges. Accordingly, the District Judge called
for Soh’s defence in respect of all the 11 proceeded charges (including the
8th and 39th charges for which the Defence did not make a submission of no
case to answer).

The Defence’s application to admit two statements

60 After the District Judge ruled that there was a case for the Defence to
answer, the Defence requested for one day’s adjournment to trace one Abdul
Rahman Bin Maarip (“Rahman”) and one Isnin Bin Rahim (“Isnin”) as defence
witnesses, and subsequently made an application to the District Judge to
admit, under s 32(1)(j)(ii) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
EA”), two statements made by Rahman and one statement made by Isnin. All three
statements had been recorded by the Securities Commission of Malaysia (“the
MSC Statements”) and obtained by the CAD of Singapore. The statements were
produced at the trial during the cross-examination of the Investigating
Officer, Tan Fong Chin, on 29 October 2013.

61 Having considered the parties’ submissions on the admissibility of the MSC
Statements, the District Judge agreed with the Defence that the three
statements were admissible under s 32(1)(j)(ii) of the EA as exceptions to the
hearsay rule. In his view, Soh had discharged his burden of showing that both
Rahman and Isnin were outside Singapore and that it was not practicable to
secure their respective attendance, and that being competent but not
compellable to give evidence on Soh’s behalf, each of them had refused to do
so.

Main trial

The Prosecution’s case

62 Soh was facing tremendous financial pressure in January 2008. Against this
backdrop, Soh falsely announced that he had purchased 5,500,000 Jade shares on
21 January 2008 when in fact no purchases were made on that day. He then
decided to launch the VGO with the intention of raising the share price of
Jade and thereafter maintaining it at or around the offer price. This (ie, the
raising and maintaining of Jade’s share price) would stave off margin calls.
Soh knew that the VGO would require some S$116m in the event of full
acceptances but his net worth was only in the region of between S$3m to S$5m.
Prior to 18 February 2008, Soh did not broach the subject of financing for the
VGO with any financial institution. Therefore, Soh and APLL had no reasonable
grounds to believe that APLL would be able to perform its obligations under
the VGO if the VGO were accepted.

63 Apart from maintaining Jade’s share price at an artificial level, the VGO
enabled Soh to procure the sale of more than S$10m worth of Jade shares to the
unsuspecting public at an inflated price. These sales were made during the VGO
period notwithstanding that Soh possessed price-sensitive information, that
is, he knew that APLL did not have sufficient financial resources to implement
the VGO in full. Further, Soh did not make disclosure of the sales.

The Defence’s case

64 Soh’s defence was that he was principally relying on the funds in the SCBJ
account which was maintained by First Capital Growth Investment Limited
(“FCGIL”). As at 31 January 2008 he had told OCBC, and OCBC was well aware,
that he was relying on that account to issue the FRC and banker's guarantee
(whether directly to OCBC or indirectly via UBS) and OCBC was agreeable to
this arrangement. Further and alternatively, Soh claimed that OCBC did not as
financial adviser to the VGO, inform him that apart from the FRC, he was
required to produce cash to complete the VGO.

65 Separately, Soh also claimed that OCBC should not have made the Offer
Announcement on 18 February 2008 and that OCBC had breached its duty of care
to APLL in failing to verify the FRC, and that the Offer Announcement was not
caused by him but by OCBC. Soh also submitted that in order for the
Prosecution to succeed, it must prove his fraudulent intention in launching
the VGO.

The District Judge’s findings

(1) 37th charge

66 The only disputed element was whether Soh had reasonable grounds for
believing that APLL would be able to perform its obligations if the VGO were
accepted. The District Judge found that as at 18 February 2008, Soh had no
reasonable grounds for believing that he/APLL had S$116m to fund the VGO.

67 First, APLL only had S$3,728.67 in its OCBC Bank account on 18 February
2008. Secondly, APLL’s sole shareholder, Soh, was in dire financial straits at
that point. Thirdly, contrary to Soh’s claims, there was no agreement between
Soh and OCBC for the latter to fund the VGO. Lastly, OCBC did not know that
Soh/APLL did not have S$116m in cash to fund the VGO. Significantly, the
District Judge rejected the Defence’s submission that OCBC/A&G were to be
blamed for not having properly advised him and APLL; Soh and APLL had an
independent obligation under the Singapore Code on Take-overs and Mergers
(“the Take-over Code”) to ensure that they had sufficient funds to satisfy the
takeover offer.

68 In view of the above, the District Judge held that a reasonable man in
Soh’s shoes would have had no reasonable grounds for believing that Soh/APLL
had the resources to fund the VGO if accepted. The District Judge went further
to say that the evidence showed that Soh knew that he/APLL did not have such
resources. Soh was therefore convicted of the 37th charge.

(2) 38th charge

69 The disputed element was whether APLL had announced the VGO with the
primary intention to raise or maintain Jade’s share price. In this regard, the
District Judge found that Soh’s intention was to artificially distort the
demand and supply forces in respect of Jade shares. First, the VGO was not a
genuine one as Soh/APLL had no reasonable grounds for believing that APLL
would be able to perform its obligations if the VGO were accepted. Secondly,
Soh was clearly not a genuine investor since (a) he was offering to buy Jade
shares and furtively offloading them at the same time; and (b) his offer was
not based on sound commercial reasons. Significantly, the District Judge
accepted that the announcement of the VGO had the effect of raising Jade’s
share prices. In the premises, the District Judge found that the 38th charge
had been established and convicted Soh of it.

(3) 1st to 7th charges

70 The District Judge found that Soh knew that (a) the contents of the FRC
letter were untrue; (b) OCBC had not agreed to grant any loan for the VGO; (c)
he did not have the S$116m required for the VGO; (d) the FRC letter had not
been issued by SCBJ; and (e) the Jade shares lent to Opes Prime might be
seized or sold by creditors of Opes Prime. The District Judge also found that
the aforesaid information would effect a significant change in prices of Jade
shares. Applying the presumption in s 218(4) of the SFA, Soh was presumed to
have known the materiality of the information. He himself had also said that
there would be disastrous consequences on Jade’s share price.

(4) 8th charge

71 The crux of the 8th charge was that Soh had authorised the furnishing of a
false report to SGX on 21 January 2008 stating that he had purchased 5,500,000
Jade shares on the same day. The District Judge accepted that there were two
false aspects to the announcement, namely: (a) the date; and (b) the identity
of the purchaser. Accordingly, Soh was convicted of the 8th charge.

(5) 39th charge

72 The 39th charge alleged that Soh had authorised the furnishing of a false
report to the SIC to the effect that APLL had given instructions to SCBJ to
transmit two banker’s guarantees. It was undisputed that no such instructions
were given. Therefore, he had authorised the furnishing of the false report to
the SIC and was convicted accordingly.

The discovery application

73 During the hearing of the appeal, Soh’s counsel argued that the Prosecution
had breached its criminal discovery obligation and made an application for the
Prosecution to produce documents for inspection. Before delving into an
analysis of the arguments, it will be useful to first briefly set out the
procedural history of Soh’s criminal discovery applications. A similar
application was taken out in the District Court and an application to state
questions of law was subsequently brought before the High Court. Both
applications were dismissed. The District Court’s decision on the discovery
application is reported as Public Prosecutor v Soh Guan Cheow Anthony [2014]
SGDC 107 (“Anthony Soh (Discovery)”) whereas the High Court’s decision is
reported as Soh Guan Cheow Anthony v Public Prosecutor [2015] 1 SLR 470
(“Anthony Soh (Reference Application)”).

Events leading up to the application before the District Court

74 On 4 November 2013, the Prosecution closed its case and offered to the
Defence a total of 29 witnesses from whom statements had been recorded by the
CAD but had not been called by the Prosecution as part of its case on the 11
charges to which Soh claimed trial. Shortly after the close of the
Prosecution’s case, the Defence wrote to the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“AGC”) on 6 November 2013 to request discovery of all unused material
obtained or seized by the CAD/Prosecution, from prosecution witnesses who
testified and witnesses who were not called by the Prosecution but had been
interviewed by the CAD.

75 On 15 November 2013, the AGC turned down the Defence’s request on the basis
that it was not in possession of unused material falling within the Kadar
discovery regime. On 18 November 2013, the Defence wrote to the AGC stating,
inter alia, that their request “is for all documents in the possession of the
prosecution/CAD” and asserted that “unless the defence has been furnished with
copies of all documents in [the Prosecution’s]/the CAD’s possession, [they]
will not be in a position to determine their relevance or materiality to the
defence case”.

76 On 20 November 2013, the AGC wrote to the Defence seeking clarification on
the legal basis for its request. The Defence replied stating, inter alia, that
“[i]t is therefore apparent that the prosecution has taken the position that
there is no “legal basis” for [their] requests, a position [they] cannot
accept in light of the decided cases on the law”. The Defence did not
elaborate on which “decided cases on the law” they were referring to.

77 On 25 November 2013, the AGC replied that it was unable to accede to the
Defence’s request and on 27 November 2013, the Defence wrote to the District
Judge seeking directions on the discovery of all unused documents in the
Prosecution’s possession.

The application before the District Court

78 On 25 February 2014, prior to the hearing of the trial for Soh to make his
defence, Soh made a formal application to the District Judge for the
disclosure of and production by the Prosecution of:

(a) All documents in the possession of the Prosecution which had been obtained
or seized by the CAD/Prosecution from the 29 witnesses who had been
interviewed but not called to testify.

(b) All documents in the possession of the CAD/Prosecution which had been
seized or furnished by witnesses who testified for the Prosecution and which
had not been referred to or tendered by the Prosecution as part of its case.

79 The District Judge began by observing that the Defence was essentially
seeking discovery of all “unused material” except for statements made by
witnesses to the CAD in the course of police investigations. The application
was founded on the Prosecution’s Kadar obligation of disclosure which stemmed
from the decision of the Court of Appeal in Muhammad Bin Kadar and another v
Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar No 1”).

80 The District Judge considered the relevant case law and took the view that
the Prosecution’s Kadar obligation did not cover all unused material; it only
included material that tends to undermine the Prosecution’s case or strengthen
the Defence’s case. In his view, nothing in Kadar No 1 stood for the
proposition that “disclosure should generally be made to the Defence, which
will then decide what to do with the material”. In this regard, the District
Judge was cognisant that the Court of Appeal had stated expressly that the
Defence is not entitled to all unused material.

81 Further, the District Judge noted that the Defence had not drawn the
Prosecution’s attention to any specific document or category of documents that
it sought to have produced. While the Defence claimed that it required
discovery of all the documents in order to decide whether to call any of the
29 witnesses as part of the Defence’s case, the District Judge agreed with the
Prosecution that the assessment could be made by interviewing the 29 witnesses
or issuing subpoenas for them to testify in court and thereafter taking
instructions from the accused. As for the documents seized from the witnesses
who had testified for the Prosecution, the Defence could have cross-examined
those witnesses on those documents while they were still giving evidence on
the witness stand.

82 The District Judge also found that the Defence had not displaced the
presumption that the Prosecution had complied with its disclosure obligation.
In other words, the Defence had not shown reasonable grounds to believe that
the Prosecution had in their possession material which should be disclosed.
The District Judge addressed two specific arguments made by the Defence in
this regard. First, the District Judge rejected the Defence’s argument that
the Prosecution’s disclosure of the MSC Statements showed that there were
other documents that should be disclosed under Kadar, commenting that the
Notes of Evidence would show that the Prosecution had voluntarily supplied the
statements to the Defence and merely objected to their admissibility on the
basis of the hearsay rule.

83 Second, the District Judge also rejected the Defence’s argument that the
Prosecution was also obliged to disclose evidence related to the civil penalty
action brought by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) against one Ng
Yu Jin and Phua under s 201(b) of the SFA. Instead, the District Judge agreed
with the Prosecution that since the Attorney-General was acting in his
capacity as legal counsel to the MAS insofar as the civil penalty action was
concerned (and not as the Public Prosecutor), there was no legal basis to
conflate the two roles. Any documents provided by the MAS to the AGC would be
privileged pursuant to s 128A(1) and (5) of the EA. Further, the Prosecution
had placed on record that the prosecutors having conduct of the trial had not
seen any of the evidence in relation to the civil penalty action. In any case,
the District Judge said that if the Defence was of the view that the evidence
in the civil penalty action could exculpate the accused, the Defence could and
should subpoena them as witnesses and seek production of any relevant
documents from any of them if necessary.

84 To conclude his analysis, the District Judge suggested that if the Defence
was of the view that there was specific material or categories of material
within the Prosecution’s possession that may be prima facie relevant and
credible, it should identify such material and bring them to the Prosecution’s
attention. He took the view that the Defence would be in a position to
establish the existence of such material if it were to cross-examine the
Prosecution’s witnesses, interview the witnesses offered to it by the
Prosecution and/or subpoena them to testify in court on these documents and
thereafter take the accused’s instructions on the existence of such material
or categories of material.

The application to state questions of law

85 After the discovery application was dismissed by the District Judge, Soh
applied under s 395(2)(b) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) for the District Judge to refer to the High Court certain questions of
law on criminal discovery. The District Judge allowed the reference
application. The questions (“the Questions”) framed by the District Judge were
as follows:

(a) Whether the Kadar disclosure regime requires the Prosecution to provide
the Defence with a list of all unused material in its possession which have
been seized or taken from witnesses offered to the Defence by the Prosecution
(but without their disclosure or production) so as to enable the Defence to
identify any such material which may be prima facie relevant and credible, and
bring them to the Prosecution’s attention for its consideration and
assessment, after which only then would such material be disclosed to the
Defence or placed before the Court for a ruling?

(b) Whether the Kadar disclosure regime requires the Defence having to first
ascertain by interviewing the witnesses offered by the Prosecution to the
Defence and taking instructions from the accused person, the unused documents
or categories of documents that may be prima facie credible or relevant to the
defence before making a written request to the Prosecution for the said
documents?

(c) Whether in the light of the fact that the Defence has no power to compel
the attendance of witnesses for the purpose of ascertaining whether they have
credible and/or relevant documents in their possession, the Kadar disclosure
regime requires the Defence to first issue subpoenas against the witnesses to
testify and then question them to ascertain whether they have provided
relevant documents to the CAD/Prosecution in the course of police
investigations, before the Defence is entitled to make an application for the
documents?

(d) In the context of the Court of Appeal’s observations on unilateral
decision making in Kadar No 1 and in the context of the Defence not having
been provided with a list of the material in the Prosecution/CAD’s possession,
whether the Kadar disclosure regime requires the Defence to have to first
identify unused material or documents which may be prima facie relevant and
credible, and bring them to the Prosecution’s attention for its consideration
and assessment, after which only then would such material be disclosed to the
Defence or placed before the court for a ruling?

(e) In the context of the Court of Appeal’s observations on unilateral
decision making in Kadar No 1, whether the Prosecution can unilaterally decide
on whether and when there is a dispute, uncertainty or doubt as to whether any
unused material in its possession is prima facie relevant and credible such
that the Prosecution ought to refer it to the court for the court to assess
and make the determination?

(f) In the context of the Court of Appeal’s observations on unilateral
decision making in Kadar No 1, whether the Prosecution is entitled to conduct
its own internal assessment/evaluation of the unused material in its
possession and state that it has no material which “tends to undermine the
Prosecution’s case or strengthen the Defence case”, without the court or the
Defence ever having first had sight of the unused material or being provided
with a list of documents in the CAD/Prosecution’s possession?

86 Before the High Court, the arguments revolved around a preliminary issue,
that is, whether the District Judge had jurisdiction to refer the questions of
law under s 395(2)(b) of the CPC because a final order had not yet been
granted. Noting the reasoning of the High Court on a similar issue in Azman
bin Jamaludin v Public Prosecutor [2012] 1 SLR 615, Chao Hick Tin JA dismissed
the application on the preliminary point of jurisdiction and directed for the
trial in the court below to continue. Significantly, Chao JA clarified that
nothing in his decision had any bearing on the merits of the case. Further, in
fairness to the District Judge, Chao JA noted that at the hearing before the
District Judge, the Prosecution did not object to the reference application on
the preliminary point of jurisdiction and the District Judge did not have the
opportunity to consider the issues that were eventually canvassed before the
High Court (Anthony Soh (Reference Application) at [47]).

The present application

87 In the present appeal, Soh seeks to renew his application for discovery in
accordance with the principles laid down by the Court of Appeal in Kadar No 1.
His submission is essentially that the Prosecution had breached its criminal
discovery obligation laid down in Kadar No 1, thus displacing the presumption
of compliance. According to counsel for Soh, there are documents that may lead
to a train of inquiry and his client would have been prejudiced by the non-
disclosure of these documents.

88 Counsel emphasised that the Prosecution had breached its criminal discovery
obligation by failing to disclose the MSC Statements to the Defence. To
properly address this argument, it will be useful to understand what
transpired at the trial. During the cross-examination of the Investigating
Officer (Tan Fong Chin), it emerged that the CAD had enlisted the help of the
MSC to record statements from Rahman and Isnin. The Prosecution took the
position that the MSC Statements were hearsay since the individuals who
provided the statements were not going to testify and that the statements were
not admissible at that stage. After the court stood down to permit counsel to
look into the issue of the court’s power to order production of documents, the
Prosecution voluntarily supplied the Defence with three statements, two from
Rahman and one from Isnin. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP Volume 2, p 753.

According to counsel, the Prosecution’s failure to produce these statements
earlier was a breach of its discovery obligation which displaces the
presumption that the Prosecution has complied with its discovery obligation.

89 The Prosecution points out that it is not entirely clear what Soh is
seeking in this appeal as regards the issue of unused materials. Soh’s
Petition of Appeal suggests that, as a ground of appeal, he takes issue with
the District Judge’s alleged failure to order disclosure of all the unused
materials in the Prosecution’s possession or to review those documents which,
according to Soh, resulted in a miscarriage of justice. At the same time, Soh
states in his Petition of Appeal that he is renewing his application for
unused documents. However, the precise scope of the application is unclear. A
renewal of his application before the trial court means that Soh is seeking
disclosure of all unused materials in the possession of the Prosecution, but
this is inconsistent with his Petition of Appeal which states that “[Soh]
renews his application for unused documents that the Prosecution is required
under the Kadar regime to disclose and produced [sic] to [Soh]”.

90 The Prosecution also emphasises that the six purported questions of law
which formed the subject matter of the earlier criminal reference to the High
Court and which are reproduced in Soh’s Petition of Appeal are not before this
court since Soh has not filed a fresh criminal reference to refer these
questions to the High Court. Therefore, the focus of this court should only be
on the disclosure application. I turn now to the applicable legal principles.

Applicable legal principles

91 In Kadar No 1, two brothers were charged with the murder of the victim, an
elderly woman who was stabbed to death in her apartment. During the trial, it
was incidentally revealed by police officers that three statements had been
recorded from the husband of the victim, wherein he stated that he was quite
sure that there was only one person who had entered the apartment that day.
These statements, which had not been made available to the Defence, would have
been fatal to the Prosecution’s case theory that both brothers were at the
apartment. It was in this context that the Court of Appeal, after conducting a
compendious analysis of the existing authorities in Singapore and other common
law jurisdictions, held that beyond an ethical duty, there is a common law
duty for the Prosecution to disclose to the Defence a limited amount of unused
material (“the Kadar obligation”).

92 While the Court of Appeal left the precise scope of the Kadar obligation
open for further development, it was careful to limit the duty of disclosure
to: (a) any unused material that is likely to be admissible and that might
reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of
the accused; and (b) any unused material that is likely to be inadmissible,
but would provide a real (not fanciful) chance of pursuing a line of inquiry
that leads to material that is likely to be admissible and that might
reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of
the accused.

93 A few aspects of the Court of Appeal’s decision in Kadar No 1 merit
elaboration. Firstly, the Prosecution is obligated to disclose only
exculpatory material that would likely be admissible in evidence or would
provide a real chance of leading to such “likely-admissible” material.
Secondly, the phrase “material … that might reasonably be regarded as credible
and relevant” refers to material that is objectively prima facie credible and
relevant. Evidently, the Kadar obligation to disclose unused material is a
limited one, and the required extent of disclosure has to be calibrated with
the ultimate purpose of disclosure in mind, that is, to ensure a fair trial
and prevent miscarriages of justice. Thirdly, in respect of timelines, the
Court of Appeal aligned the Kadar obligation with the existing criminal case
disclosure procedures in the CPC and where these statutory procedures do not
apply, disclosure pursuant to the Kadar obligation must take place at the
latest before the trial begins. While not all non-disclosures will be
attributable to fault on the part of the Prosecution, the Court of Appeal made
it clear that a failure to discharge the Kadar obligation timeously could
possibly result in a conviction being overturned if such an irregularity can
be considered to be a material irregularity that occasions a failure of
justice or renders the conviction unsafe (Kadar No 1 at [120]).

94 Following Kadar No 1, the Prosecution applied to the Court of Appeal to
clarify the scope of the Kadar obligation. In Muhammad bin Kadar and another v
Public Prosecutor and another matter [2011] 4 SLR 791 (“Kadar No 2”), the
Court of Appeal clarified that the Kadar obligation does not require the
Prosecution to search for additional material outside its knowledge. The Court
of Appeal made two further observations beyond the scope of the matters set
out in the Prosecution’s application. The Court of Appeal first observed that
the judgment in Kadar No 1 could not affect the operation of any ground for
non-disclosure recognised by any law as it did not have the power to depart
from statute law (Kadar No 2 at [18]). The Court of Appeal also observed that
if a prosecutor knows of material and knows of a case where it should be
disclosed, he is under an institutional and personal duty to arrange for the
disclosure of that material even if he is not directly assigned to conduct
that case (Kadar No 2 at [19]).

95 The scope of the Kadar obligation was further elucidated by Chan Seng Onn J
in Lee Siew Boon Winston v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 1184 (“Winston Lee
(HC)”). Chan J stressed that the credibility and relevance of the exculpatory
evidence should not be subject to an opaque, purely internal and subjective
exercise of discretion; the court is the ultimate arbiter of the credibility
and relevance of exculpatory evidence (Winston Lee (HC) at [162]). Chan J held
that there is, however, a presumption that the Prosecution had complied with
the Kadar obligation and this presumption would only be displaced if the court
had reasonable grounds to believe that the Prosecution had failed to comply
with the Kadar obligation (at [184]). Where the presumption has been
displaced, the court would look to the Prosecution to show that it had
complied with its obligation. Chan J observed in the course of his judgment
that in cases where the Prosecution had doubts on whether material should be
disclosed, it should of its own volition disclose the material without seeking
a ruling from the court which should be seen as a measure of last resort (at
[181]).

96 Subsequently, the accused in Winston Lee (HC) brought a criminal motion for
leave to refer questions of law to the Court of Appeal pursuant to s 397(1) of
the CPC. One of the questions concerned the threshold test for the Prosecution
to demonstrate compliance with its Kadar obligation. In Lee Siew Boon Winston
v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGCA 67 (“Winston Lee (CA)”), the Court of Appeal
endorsed Chan J’s formulation of the test in the following terms: “[i]f the
court is satisfied that there exist reasonable grounds to believe that the
Prosecution has in its possession material which should be disclosed, then the
presumption is displaced and the Prosecution has to show or prove to the court
that it has not in fact breached its Kadar obligation”. The Court of Appeal
also approved of Chan J’s statement that “[t]he presumption will only be
displaced if the court has sufficient reason to doubt that the Prosecution has
complied with its Kadar obligation”.

97 At this juncture, it will be useful to take stock of what has been
discussed above. First, the Prosecution is duty-bound to disclose to the
Defence a limited amount of unused material that is exculpatory in nature,
viz, material that tends to undermine the Prosecution’s case or strengthen the
Defence’s case. Secondly, only material that is prima facie credible and
relevant has to be disclosed. Where the Prosecution has doubts whether to
disclose, disclosure to the Defence should be the usual course. A ruling from
the court may be obtained as a measure of last resort in contested
applications where the Defence seeks disclosure but the Prosecution bona fide
believes that disclosure is not required. Thirdly, there is a presumption that
the Prosecution has complied with its duty of disclosure (“presumption of
compliance”) that would only be displaced if there were reasonable grounds to
believe that the Prosecution had failed to comply with its duty.

98 It must necessarily follow from the presumption of compliance that the
Prosecution is entitled to conduct its own internal assessment and evaluation
of the unused material in its possession without first providing the court or
the Defence with the unused materials or a list of the unused materials. This
is so unless the Defence has shown that there are reasonable grounds to
believe that the Prosecution had failed to comply with its duty of disclosure.
I would note in this regard that it would not be helpful for the Defence to
make a blanket assertion that the Prosecution has failed to comply with its
duty of disclosure without reference to specific categories of undisclosed
documents which they believe to be exculpatory. Lastly, the principles
governing the Prosecution’s duty of disclosure are to be applied with the
foundational principles of justice and fairness in mind.

99 In respect of the Defence’s suggestion that it is entitled to a list of all
unused materials in the Prosecution’s possession, I would observe
provisionally that this suggestion is ultimately difficult to reconcile with
the Court of Appeal’s view that the Kadar obligation is a limited one.
Further, such an obligation if imposed would evince a clear and perhaps
unwarranted distrust of the Prosecution’s ability or willingness to comply
with its disclosure obligation which is plainly inconsistent with the
presumption of compliance. I note also that the Defence is not hamstrung in
the criminal discovery process even without the benefit of a list of all
unused materials in the Prosecution’s possession. Interviewing witnesses (or
subpoenaing them to court) as well as taking detailed instructions from the
accused person are some of the possible means by which the Defence could
establish the existence of undisclosed, exculpatory materials so as to
displace the presumption of compliance. While there is no strict requirement
that the Defence must explore or even exhaust all these avenues before
applying for the disclosure of specific documents, the Defence must ultimately
be prepared to satisfy the court that there are reasonable grounds to believe
that the Prosecution had failed to comply with its duty of disclosure.

Application

100 Turning now to the disclosure application proper, counsel argues that (a)
the MSC statements fell within the Kadar obligation and the Prosecution had
therefore fallen short of its duty by failing to disclose these statements
before the trial; and (b) this breach displaces the presumption that the
Prosecution had complied with the Kadar obligation and shifts the burden on
the Prosecution to satisfy the court that it had done so. The categories of
material sought are extremely broad and they include statements and materials
obtained from witnesses such as (a) Steven Ow; (b) William Chan; (c) Valerie
Ong; (d) Wong; and (e) Phua. Counsel also contended that there must at least
be a regime under which a list of unused material is supplied, or
alternatively a regime under which these documents are provided for the court
to determine if they are credible or relevant since the Defence is unable to
specify the documents that are in the Prosecution’s possession. Before
engaging the merits of these arguments, I note that they are all arguments
that have been canvassed before and addressed by the court below.

101 I agree with the Defence that the MSC statements fell within the Kadar
obligation. The District Judge accepted that the MSC statements were relevant
to the defence given that they would to a large extent corroborate the
accused’s account, in particular of his reliance on Rahman’s representations
on the SCBJ account, the issuance of the FRC Letter and his honest belief of
the existence of that account. While the District Judge ultimately found that
the MSC statements were unreliable and not credible at the end of the trial,
much of his assessment involved testing the credibility of those statements
against the other materials that had been placed before the court. Prior to
the conclusion of the trial and without the benefit of the full trial process,
it is difficult to say with certitude that the MSC statements did not meet the
threshold of prima facie credibility.

102 It bears recalling that the Prosecution’s initial position was that the
MSC Statements were hearsay and therefore inadmissible. However, after the
District Judge found that the statements were relevant to the defence, the
Prosecution appeared to accept the District Judge’s finding but maintained
that the MSC Statements did not fall within its Kadar obligation because they
were not credible. However, the Prosecution did not provide any reasons for
taking this view of the MSC Statements and it is insufficient to fall back on
the contention that they were hearsay statements. After all, there are hearsay
exceptions that might apply, and in the event the District Judge ruled that
the MSC Statements could be admitted under s 32(1)(j)(ii) of the EA as
exceptions to the hearsay rule.

103 I am mindful that the Kadar obligation is a limited one; only exculpatory
evidence that is prima facie relevant and credible should be disclosed to the
Defence. A judicious and delicate balance needs to be struck between an overly
liberal and overly restrictive approach towards criminal discovery. On one
hand, the Court of Appeal has made it clear that disclosure is limited to
material that is prima facie (as opposed to possibly) credible and relevant
(Kadar No 1 at [116]). On the other hand, the Court of Appeal also observed
that “credibility may be difficult to determine in advance, and the critical
question of whether exculpatory evidence is true ultimately resides within the
domain of the court and not within that of the Prosecution” [emphasis in
original] (Kadar No 1 at [115]). In the context of criminal law where the life
and liberty of an individual is at stake, it is important to place all the
apparently-credible, relevant or admissible material before the court which
could then accord appropriate weight to the material. Ultimately, whether the
material in question falls within the Prosecution’s Kadar obligation depends
on all the circumstances of the case.

104 Notwithstanding my observations above, even if the Prosecution had
breached its Kadar obligation by failing to disclose the MSC statements before
trial, the MSC statements were eventually furnished upon the Defence’s request
and the Defence did have sufficient time to consider them. It also appears
from the Defence’s arguments that it is in effect arguing that because of this
breach, the floodgates have been forced open and it is now entitled to the
disclosure of other unused materials in the Prosecution’s possession. In my
view, and with respect, this argument is ambitious but patently without merit.
The mere fact of this breach alone does not invite the inexorable inference
that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the Prosecution had
fallen short of its Kadar obligation in respect of other materials. It does
not furnish grounds to demand the Prosecution to produce for the court’s
inspection statements and materials obtained from other witnesses. Moreover,
counsel has not explained how these materials could be exculpatory in nature
and has not furnished any other basis to contend that the Prosecution had
breached its Kadar obligations in respect of other materials.

105 Before leaving the issue on criminal discovery, I should add that there is
no merit in counsel’s suggestion that the Defence is disadvantaged in the
criminal discovery exercise as it does not know what documents are in the
Prosecution’s possession. Firstly, as the District Judge had rightly pointed
out, the ball was in the Defence’s court. The Prosecution had not sought to
deny the Defence access to any potential witnesses; all the 29 witnesses who
were not called were offered to the Defence. In respect of witnesses who had
not been called, it was always open to the Defence to interview these
witnesses or to call them to testify so as to establish the existence of
exculpatory documents; and in respect of witnesses who had been called, the
Defence was entitled, in its cross-examination of these witnesses, to
establish the existence of exculpatory documents. The failure to do so would
mean that there is no independent evidence supporting much of what the accused
sought to establish in his defence. Secondly, the Prosecution’s Kadar
obligation does not extend so far as to require a list of all unused materials
to be provided to the Defence.

106 In an adversarial system of criminal justice, it is not the Prosecution’s
duty to assist the Defence in making out a case nor is it appropriate to allow
the Defence to trawl through lists of unused material in the speculative hope
of finding a defence, while placing the burden on the court to decide on the
relevance or credibility of those materials. The Prosecution’s overriding duty
is to act fairly in the public interest and to assist the court. Surely this
does not mean it must be placed in the invidious position of having to assist
the Defence to this extent as well. The Defence’s suggestion has no basis in
law and is plainly against the weight of the authorities that have been
examined above. The point was made abundantly clear in Kadar No 1 that there
are reasonable limits to the amount of unused material that has to be
disclosed by the Prosecution. For these reasons, I fully agree with the
District Judge’s view that the discovery application is nothing but a fishing
or trawling expedition which, if permitted, would render nugatory the laws on
criminal discovery.

Appeal against conviction

107 In MA 123/2015/01, Soh appeals against his conviction in respect of the 11
charges to which he claimed trial. The appeal is premised largely on his
submission that the District Judge had erred in his findings of fact or on
aspects of mixed law and fact. The key points raised by the Defence revolve
around the following contentions:

(a) Soh reasonably believed that APLL (or he) did have sufficient financial
resources or means of funding to implement the VGO;

(b) The VGO was made in good faith and was a legitimate commercial
transaction; and

(c) APLL’s professional advisers (OCBC and A&G) had failed in their duties to
advise him/APLL.

108 These are the central issues that are germane to the 37th and 38th
charges. These charges were the focus of counsel’s submissions on appeal and I
will begin with the 37th charge as the findings in this respect would have an
impact on the 1st to 7th charges (for insider trading) and the 38th charge
(for creating a false and misleading appearance in the price of securities).

37th charge

109 The main plank of Soh’s case in respect of the 37th charge is that he had
reasonable grounds to believe that OCBC Bank was intending to extend a loan
secured by banker’s guarantee(s) issued from the SCBJ account. He also
attributes the failure of the VGO to the advisers’ individual and collective
failures to advise him/APLL prior to the Offer Announcement on two aspects of
the VGO: (a) that he/APLL had to furnish cash of S$116m; and (b) whether APLL
retained beneficial ownership of the 300,050,000 shares pledged by him/APLL to
Opes Prime under the GMSLA.

110 Soh’s argument fails on a number of levels. First, the evidence shows that
he had no reasonable grounds to believe that the funds which were allegedly in
the SCBJ account could be used as collateral upon which banker’s guarantees
could be issued. Secondly, even if it could be said that he did reasonably
believe that the funds in the SCBJ account could be used as collateral, he did
not have reasonable grounds to believe that OCBC was intending to extend a
loan on the basis of the banker’s guarantee(s) drawn from the SCBJ account.
Further, the alleged breaches of duty by the professional advisers are, to my
mind, red herrings and completely irrelevant to these proceedings. I turn now
to explain the reasons for my views.

Whether Soh had knowingly misled OCBC with the FRC Letter

111 In the trial below, it was established that the FRC Letter had not been
issued by SCBJ. It was also established that neither FCGIL nor APLL maintained
an account with SCBJ at any point in time and that Lim Bun Tjaij, one of the
purported signatories to the FRC Letter, retired from SCBJ well before the
letter was issued. As for Ng Khok Pheng, it was also established that he had
never signed the FRC Letter. All this pointed irresistibly to the inference
that a forged letter had been provided. The District Judge found that Soh was
complicit in the forgery and had been untruthful in his claim that he was not
involved in the drafting of the FRC Letter. In particular, the District Judge
found that Soh had inserted information into the draft FRC attachment that
only Soh could have provided and that Soh had also renamed the file. I do not
see any reasons to interfere with the District Judge’s findings in this regard
as they are amply supported by the evidence.

112 In any case, even if Soh had no hand in the drafting of the FRC Letter, he
must have known that the contents of the letter were untrue. His own evidence
was that the funds in the SCBJ account could not be remitted or withdrawn. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP Volume 3, p 377.

In contrast, the FRC Letter clearly stated that the funds were earmarked “to
make payment for the Offer Shares tendered in acceptance of the Offer”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP Volume 6, p 666.

Notwithstanding that, Soh proceeded to certify as true copy the FRC Letter and
caused it to be delivered to OCBC, knowing that OCBC was waiting for the
letter to complete the draft VGO announcement (see above at [32]). Clearly, he
had done so with the intention of misleading OCBC.

Whether Soh had reasonable grounds to believe that the funds allegedly in the
SCBJ account could be used as collateral

113 Soh submits that he had reasonably relied on the representations made by
Rahman to him regarding the funds allegedly in the SCBJ account. Much emphasis
was placed on the contents of the MSC statements which, on their face at
least, appear to provide some corroboration of Soh’s account of events, and in
this regard, he submits that the District Judge had erred in failing to accord
any weight to the MSC Statements.

114 I do not think that there is any merit in Soh’s submissions that he had
reasonable grounds to believe that the funds allegedly in the FCGIL (SCBJ)
account could be used as collateral for the VGO. No weight should be placed on
Rahman’s and Isnin’s uncorroborated assertions as to the existence of the SCBJ
account, and the funds in the same. Even if Rahman had indeed made the
representations as asserted by Soh, I do not think that it was reasonable for
Soh to have relied on those representations given the number of red flags that
strongly indicate serious irregularities with the account.

(1) Whether any weight should be accorded to the MSC Statements

115 I am of the view that little weight (if any) should be accorded to the MSC
Statements. Rahman’s statements, in particular, were internally and externally
inconsistent, and therefore highly unreliable. It will suffice for me to give
two examples. First, Rahman claimed in his statement recorded on 28 August
2008 that he was the sole signatory to the SCBJ account. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP Volume 14, p 189.

This assertion directly contradicted what he told the MSC just a day earlier
(ie, that there were three signatories to the SCBJ account). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP Volume 14, p 164.

It was also inconsistent with the undisputed FCGIL board resolution dated 25
July 2006, signed by Rahman himself, which stated that there would be three
signatories to the account (namely, Rahman, Isnin and Soh). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP Volume 12, p 292.

Secondly, Rahman’s assertions in relation to the existence of the SCBJ account
and the funds therein appear to be unsubstantiated. More importantly, given
that one Tauchid Trihandoyo, an officer from SCBJ, had given affirmative
evidence that the account in question never existed, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP Volume 10, p 499.

it would be extremely unsafe to accord any weight to Rahman’s statements. If
the SCBJ account genuinely did exist, it would stand to reason that SCBJ’s
officer(s) would be able to verify this without hesitation.

116 Next, I note that Rahman’s and Isnin’s versions of the story were not
consistent with Soh’s. In the court below, Soh sought to persuade the court
that while the US$500m could not be withdrawn, the remaining US$125m could be
withdrawn with the consent of all three directors of FCGIL. This is clearly at
odds with Rahman’s statement that the maximum amount deposited in the SCBJ
account was US$625m and that “the amount is not to be shared”. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP Volume 14, p 173.

In the court below, the defence submissions stated that Isnin had confirmed
that Rahman was holding the fund in trust purportedly for the former Prime
Minister of Malaysia, and in his oral testimony, Soh had made a similar claim
that Isnin told him the name of the owner. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP Volume 3, p 253.

However, as pointed out by the District Judge, Isnin’s statement contradicted
Soh’s claims because Isnin’s account was that he did not know the identity of
the owner of the fund. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP Volume 14, p 203.

117 I am also conscious of the fact that the MSC Statements contain out-of-
court statements that cannot be tested under cross-examination. While they had
been admitted under the exception to the hearsay rule under s 32(1)(j)(ii) of
the EA, the court retains a discretion under s 32(5) of the EA to assign such
weight as it deems fit to the statements in question. In the present case,
apart from the issues of reliability that have been highlighted above, I
should also emphasise that there is a further reason to doubt the veracity of
Rahman’s statements. By his own admission, Rahman was the one who had procured
the FRC on behalf of Soh. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP Volume 14, p 185.

Since the FRC letter turned out to be a forgery, Rahman was effectively Soh’s
accomplice and had every reason to misrepresent the facts. It is wholly
fanciful to suggest that Soh was in fact a victim of Rahman’s fraudulent
misrepresentation.

118 In view of the above considerations, I find that the MSC Statements are of
highly doubtful probative value. I agree with the District Judge’s decision to
accord little weight to the contents of the same.

(2) Whether there were red flags that put Soh on notice as to the serious
irregularities with the SCBJ account

119 In the court below, Soh’s evidence was that he “had no reason to suspect”
and therefore, did not bother to verify the existence of the funds within the
SCBJ account. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP Volume 3, p 404.

The District Judge had set out detailed reasons at [74]–[93] of his GD for his
view that there were red flags that ought to have placed Soh on notice of the
serious irregularities with the SCBJ account. I endorse his view in full and I
would highlight a few such red flags which, in my view, demonstrate
compellingly that Soh could not have reasonably believed that the funds
allegedly in the SCBJ account could be used as collateral upon which funding
could be obtained for the VGO.

120 As early as March 2007, Soh was told by one Armin Bosshard in an email
sent on 6 March 2007 that the authorities had told him that the SCBJ account
had no cash funds. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP Vol 11, p 471.

The email stated:

Dear Dr. Soh

I have tried to contact you this evening on your Cell Phone and I spoke to
your answer machine.

We have a Question to you and maybe you are disapointed [sic] on this but we
have to ask you this question.

On the Account in London there is no money because it is a Mirror-Account.
THIS Situation is CLEAR.

BUT

Are on the Account in Jakarta also Cash Funds?

I tell you why we ask you this.

The Authorities came back to us and told us, that also on this account are no
cash Funds. …

[emphasis added in italics]

121 Subsequently, in October 2007, one of Soh’s business counterparties had,
in response to a purported SWIFT message sent by SCBJ in September 2007,
stated in an email that the SWIFT message was a fraudulent one. It will be
useful to set out the email in full: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP Vol 12, p 514.

Dear Anthony,

I am sending your copy SWIFT MT760 with remark after expertise by specialist
of LLB (It was made with security for us).

You must know:

1\. This copy is fraudulent;

2\. The person who has made this swift absolutely does not know format SWIFT
MT760;

3\. Person absolutely does not know the rules of system swift “FIN Service
Swift”;

4\. Format of SWIFT MT760 has Seven Field and Six Field of format are
obligatory use! (Your copy swift has only one Field 27, which is corresponding
to format MT760);

5\. If Format swift before its preparing by banking officer will have any
discrepancy or mistakes, then the swift system with program of “FIN Services
Swift” will not accept this copy; (this similar when you are sending email,
but address of email is wrong);

6\. Time of transmission swift usually within from 30 sec. to 3 min. max., it
when the line is open i.e. when banks are working. When bank is closed the
swift system will deliver message about non delivering.

All this mentioned information is fully correct!!!

Therefore, you must decide these problems with your command and with your
bank, because it is criminal offence!

…

[emphasis in original in bold]

122 During cross-examination, Soh attempted to downplay the significance of
the above email and claimed that it did not cross his mind that the SWIFT
message was fraudulent notwithstanding his admission that if all that had been
alleged were true, it was a serious problem. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP Volume 4, p 385.

He also explained that Rahman had cancelled the SWIFT in question as he did
not like the deal. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP Volume 4, p 386.

His explanation evades the point. I do not see how a fraudulent SWIFT transfer
with mistakes in its formatting could be plausibly and so conveniently
explained away as one that had been cancelled after it had been sent.

123 Further, I find it especially telling that Soh had stated in an email to
Marian Morgan on 24 January 2008 that “[t]he funds in SCB though real had long
been used by the authorities to hypothecate no wonders our swifts were never
allowed thru the regulators, so we have given up on that”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP Volume 11, p 672.

When he was cross-examined on this email, he claimed that he was “puzzled what
exactly it means”; his only explanation was that he had given that response
since he was unwilling to make the transfer to Marian Morgan. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP Volume 4, p 410.

124 In the light of the above red flags, it is extremely difficult to accept
that Soh had believed in good faith that the funds in the purported SCBJ
account could be used as collateral to fund the VGO. In any event, such a
belief could not have been founded on any reasonable grounds. In this regard,
I will briefly address Soh’s contentions that the District Judge had wrongly
refused to place weight on (a) the grant of a UOB Privilege Banking account to
Rahman, (b) various confirmations that the US$500m in the SCBJ account had
been cleared by the US Federal Reserve, as well as (c) an email from one
William Chan which stated that “I have confirmed that the funds are there”.

125 There is no merit in these contentions. Soh relies on a series of
correspondence to show that there was previous confirmation in writing that
the US$500m in FCGIL’s SCBJ account had been cleared by the US Federal
Reserve. In that series of correspondence, mention was made of various
transactions. For instance, in an email dated 29 September 2008, Soh had
stated, inter alia, that “[o]n 5 Mar 08, William Chan … checked and confirmed
that the US$500M BG was sent and received by UBS Zurich”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP Volume 14, p 281.

However, like the email from William Chan, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP Volume 14, p 255.

there is nothing in the aforesaid series of correspondence that links the
subject matter of those discussions with FCGIL’s SCBJ account. Further, as
pointed out by the District Judge, Soh’s evidence on Rahman’s UOB account was
hearsay and was unsupported by any documentary evidence. Therefore, these
cannot constitute reasonable grounds for Soh’s purported belief that the
alleged US$500m in FCGIL’s SCBJ account could be utilised as collateral upon
which a loan could be secured to finance the VGO. All the evidence therefore
points plainly to the irresistible inference that the SCBJ account did not
exist.

126 It is also disingenuous for Soh to suggest that an adverse inference
should be drawn against the Prosecution for failing to call William Chan as a
witness. It is pertinent to recall that William Chan was offered to Soh as a
witness. If Soh were truly confident that William Chan would have given
evidence in his favour, he should have called William Chan as a defence
witness, but he chose not to do so and has not provided any credible
explanation for his failure to do so.

Whether Soh had reasonable grounds to believe that OCBC was intending to
extend a loan secured by banker’s guarantee(s) issued from the SCBJ account

127 I have found earlier that Soh had no reasonable grounds to believe that
the funds in the (non-existent) SCBJ account could be used as collateral to
fund the VGO. Even if I am wrong on that point, I am persuaded that Soh would
not have had reasonable grounds to believe that he would have sufficient
resources to execute the takeover bid since he knew from the outset that OCBC
would not be financing the VGO. Chief among the reasons for my view is the
fact that the FRC Letter expressly stated that funds had been earmarked to
make payment for the VGO. To recapitulate, the FRC Letter stated as follows:
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP Volume 11, p 153.

PROPOSED VOLUNTARTY [sic] CONDITIONAL CASH OFFER (“OFFER”) FOR ALL SHARES
(“OFFER SHARES”) IN THE CAPITAL OF JADE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS LIMITED NOT
ALREADY OWNED OR AGREED TO BE ACQUIRED BY ASIA PACIFIC LINKS LIMITED
(“COMPANY”) AND ITS CONCERT PARTIES

We refer to the above.

We have been instructed by the Company to earmark US$100,000,000.00 (One
Hundred Millions United States Dollars) from our current account granted to
the Company, to make payment for the Offer Shares tendered in acceptance of
the Offer. In this regard, we confirm that the Company has sufficient
financial resources to satisfy full acceptances of the Offer. …

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

The terms of the FRC Letter as set out above made it crystal-clear that the
intention was for the funds purportedly available in FCGIL’s SCBJ account to
be utilised to satisfy acceptances. It directly contradicts the alleged
agreement or understanding between Soh and OCBC that the VGO would be financed
by a loan from OCBC which was to be secured by a banker’s guarantee issued
from the SCBJ account. Further, I note that there would clearly have been no
need for the FRC from a third party bank had there been any agreement or
understanding that OCBC would finance the VGO.

128 Further, Soh himself had conceded under cross-examination that contrary to
what he had said in his conditioned statement, there was no agreement reached
between OCBC and himself on 31 January 2008 that the funding mechanism would
be by way of a bank guarantee issued out of FCGIL’s account with SCBJ.
According to him: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP Volume 3, p737.

There was no agreement signed on the 31st between OCBC and myself. There was
an understanding between OCBC team and me on the 31st that this would be the
way that I would fund the general offer. So there was no agreement, so I think
it doesn't give you a problem. There was no agreement, I agree, but there was
an understanding between OCBC and myself that a banker guarantee would be
issued, and that would be the funding mechanism.

129 The District Judge found that there could also not have been any
understanding between OCBC and Soh that the former would finance the VGO. I
agree with the District Judge’s findings in this regard and I do not think it
is necessary to repeat all of his findings save to highlight a few.

130 First, I agree with the District Judge’s point that if the “understanding”
was for OCBC to actually fund the VGO by extending a loan to Soh (on the
security of a bank guarantee), it begs the question why there is no evidence
of any discussion of the terms of the purported loan (such as the interest
rate payable, the duration of the loan, events of default, and so on). The
offeror’s financial capacity to execute the bid is one of the most (if not the
most) crucial aspects of a takeover offer and it is completely inconceivable
and illogical for the parties to have left the details in respect of the
purported loan to be confirmed at a later date. Therefore, as I see it, the
absence of any evidence of discussion or negotiation in respect of the terms
of the purported loan points irresistibly to the conclusion that there had
been no understanding between Soh and OCBC that the latter would be financing
the VGO.

131 Secondly, Soh’s concession that the banker’s guarantee was additional
comfort effectively sounded the death knell for his contention that there was
an understanding that OCBC would be extending a loan secured by the banker’s
guarantee. Early on in the proceedings, he had taken the position that he had
told OCBC that he would fund the VGO through a banker’s guarantee issued by
FCGIL. However, when it was pointed out that he had said in an email dated 27
February 2008 that “a Banker’s Guarantee or Swift was never part of the
requirement as [he] understood right from the beginning”, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP Volume 7, p 11.

he eventually accepted that “the BG was treated as additional comfort, was –
there was no argument on this one. When they told me that it was additional
comfort, I am not arguing with that”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP Volume 4, p 50.

132 Thirdly, there is no evidence that reflects any intention for OCBC to
extend a loan that was going to be secured by the banker’s guarantee from
SCBJ. On the contrary, the available evidence shows that OCBC did not intend
to extend any loan for the purposes of the VGO. In Soh’s submissions for the
proceedings before the SIC (“SIC Submissions”), he alleged that he had met
with Jocelyn Hoi from OCBC’s Enterprise Banking team to discuss funding prior
to the announcement of the VGO: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP Volume 12, p 530.

67 On or about the end of January 2008 when he was contemplating whether to
make the VGO, Dr Soh had met with Jocelyn Hoi from OCBC’s Enterprise Banking
team to discuss funding for the purposes of the contemplated VGO. The proposal
discussed was that OCBC would provide the credit line to APL for the monies
for the acceptances on the contemplated VGO but in turn, OCBC would require a
banker’s guarantee as security. OCBC indicated that they may also require a
banker’s guarantee as additional security for the grant of credit line. Dr Soh
intended that any banker’s guarantee would be issued from FCGIL’s account with
SCBJ.

In the court below, Soh told the District Judge that he had not been
challenged on the above submission and that he did not include the above
evidence in his conditioned statement as he was unable to prove the meeting
and what transpired during the meeting. However, the relevant transcripts
showed that Soh’s submission (in [67] of his SIC Submissions) had in fact been
challenged and he had conceded that he had never met Jocelyn Hoi from OCBC
Enterprise Banking to discuss the contemplated VGO. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP Volume 12, p 562.

133 Soh also argues that there is clear unequivocal documentary evidence that
he had sought financing for the VGO from OCBC Enterprise Banking. He relies
primarily on an email sent from Jocelyn Hoi to Tan on 4 March 2008, asking if
there was any business proposal that OCBC intended to grant Soh upon the
receipt of the guarantee. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP Volume 13 p 307.

Tan replied on 6 March 2008 stating that “[w]e do not foresee [OCBC] granting
any loans or guarantee for the takeover of Jade Technologies at the moment but
we will keep you informed if there are any business opportunities”. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP Volume 13, p 309.

I am not convinced that the aforesaid correspondence shows that Soh had sought
out financing from OCBC Enterprise Banking. There is no suggestion that
Jocelyn Hoi made the enquiry pursuant to an attempt by Soh to seek funding for
the VGO. In any case, even if Soh had indeed approached Jocelyn Hoi for that
purpose, I am unable to accept that such an attempt to secure financing would
constitute reasonable grounds for believing that OCBC would provide the
necessary funding for APLL to perform its obligations under the VGO.

134 Taking his case at its highest, Soh’s suggestion that he was labouring
under the (mis)impression that OCBC would fund the VGO does not assist his
case at all. Again, I cannot see how his impression alone, which was not
supported by any objective facts, could constitute reasonable grounds for
believing that he/APLL had sufficient resources to execute the takeover bid.
Put another way, the fact that he proceeded to cause the announcement of the
VGO with only a vague impression that OCBC would fund the VGO (as opposed to
having actually secured a concrete financing arrangement) strongly suggests
that he had no reasonable grounds to believe that he/APLL could perform their
obligations under the VGO.

135 In my judgment, the evidence before the court leads inexorably to the
conclusion that Soh had known at all material times that OCBC would not be
financing the VGO. Before leaving this issue, I should point out that Soh’s
credibility has been severely damaged by his blatant lies to the court and
repeated shifts in position. He changed his evidence time and again just on
the issue of financing from OCBC. First, he claimed in his conditioned
statement that there was an agreement reached between him and OCBC on 31
January 2008 that OCBC would finance the VGO. When he was cornered during
cross-examination, he changed tack and claimed that there was an understanding
that OCBC would finance the VGO. When he later found himself compelled to
agree with the Prosecution that the banker’s guarantee was merely additional
comfort, he switched tack yet again and claimed that he had discussed the
issue of funding with OCBC Enterprise Banking. This, as mentioned above, was
again another blatant lie.

Whether the breaches of duty by APLL’s advisers are relevant

136 Another main plank of Soh’s case in this appeal is that his mens rea was
negated by the breaches of duty by APLL’s professional advisers, namely, OCBC
and A&G. According to him, he would not have proceeded with the VGO had he
been correctly advised on the following aspects of the VGO, namely: (a) that
he needed cash of S$116m; and (b) that the beneficial ownership of the shares
transferred under the GMSLA had passed to Opes Prime. In my view, Soh’s
arguments in this regard are plainly unsustainable on several grounds.

137 First, I agree with the District Judge that the alleged breaches of duties
by APLL’s professional advisers are red herrings. Section 140(2) of the SFA,
which criminalises the making of a take-over offer in the absence of
reasonable or probable grounds for believing that the offeror will be able to
perform his obligations if the take-over offer is accepted or approved,
clearly and squarely places the obligation on the shoulders of the offeror
(and its officers) to ensure that it has sufficient resources to execute the
bid. This is consistent with General Principle 6 of the Take-over Code which
makes it clear that it is incumbent on both the offeror and his financial
advisers to ensure that the offeror can and will be able to implement the
offer in full. General Principle 6 reads:

An offeror should announce an offer only after the most careful consideration.
Before taking any action which may lead to an obligation to make a general
offer, a person and his financial advisers should be satisfied that he can and
will continue to be able to implement the offer in full.

[emphasis added in italics]

138 Secondly, Soh’s submission that OCBC did not directly ask him if he had
S$116m in cash to fund the VGO is a selective portrayal of what transpired
between the parties. From the onset, Soh was informed that he was required to
provide OCBC with the FRC to confirm that he had funds to finance the VGO. In
other words, it was made clear (albeit indirectly) that Soh needed the
resources to execute the bid, and Soh had provided that confirmation through
the FRC Letter. The significance of the FRC Letter is clear: it was
confirmation that the funds in the SCBJ account had been earmarked to make
payment for Jade shares under the VGO. It was thus unnecessary for OCBC to ask
Soh directly if he had S$116m in cash.

139 For all of the above reasons, I am satisfied that Soh had no reasonable
grounds to believe that he had sufficient resources to execute the takeover
bid. I would go further to conclude, as the District Judge did, having regard
to the evidence before the court, that Soh had known at all material times
that both he and APLL did not have the resources to perform their obligations
under the VGO. Despite this, he went on to conceal material information and
mislead OCBC with false representations about the availability of such
resources.

140 Soh seems to also suggest that the breaches of duty had broken the chain
of causation such that he cannot be said to have caused the announcement of
the VGO. Indeed, I note that the professional advisers in the present case
have been found to have fallen short of their respective duties. The Grounds
of Decision of the Hearing Committee appointed by the Securities Industry
Council in the Matter of Jade Technologies Holdings Limited (14 October 2008)
(“the SIC Hearing Committee Report”) notes (at Ch 5 para 3.9) that OCBC ought
to have acted responsibly and exercised greater care to take further steps to
independently verify Soh’s assurances. The SIC Hearing Committee Report also
concluded that A&G ought to have advised Soh on the implications of the pledge
of APLL shares to Opes Prime under the GMSLA (at Ch 6 para 3.10). However, the
fact that OCBC and A&G were found to have been remiss does not mean that Soh
is absolved from any possible criminal responsibility or that any mens rea in
respect of the charges has been negated.

141 It is trite that causation consists of causation in fact and causation in
law. The former is concerned with the question of whether the relation between
the defendant’s breach of duty and the claimant’s damage is one of cause and
effect in accordance with scientific or objective notions of physical
sequence: Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3
SLR(R) 782 (“Sunny Metal”) at [52]. The latter is concerned with identifying
the event that should be treated as the cause for the purpose of attributing
legal responsibility: Sunny Metal at [54].

142 The concept of causation in law was more recently discussed in Guay Seng
Tiong Nickson v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 1079 (“Nickson Guay”). In that
case, the appellant was charged with causing the death of an infant by a
negligent act under s 304A(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)(“Penal
Code”). He had failed to keep a proper lookout while making a right turn at a
traffic-light controlled junction. On appeal, the appellant made much of the
fact that the deceased infant was being breastfed at the material time and had
not been secured in an approved child restraint. It was argued that the infant
would not have passed on if he had been properly restrained, and that this was
a factor that the appellant had no control over. Sundaresh Menon CJ held at
[38] that in order for an accused to escape criminal liability, it is not
sufficient for the accused to point to the fact that there are other
contributing causes. All the Prosecution has to show is that the accused is a
substantial cause of the injury even if there were other contributing causes.
Although Nickson Guay was concerned with a negligent act, I do not see any
principled reason why the same considerations should not extend to a situation
involving an intentional act.

143 I am satisfied that Soh was the substantial cause of the announcement of
the VGO. Right from the beginning, Soh’s actions had been calculated to
mislead. He had been informed by OCBC’s officers that OCBC required the FRC
before confirming that APLL had sufficient resources to satisfy full
acceptances of the VGO in the announcement (see [35] above), and proceeded to
furnish OCBC with the FRC Letter which was subsequently found to be forged. He
had falsely declared his shareholdings in Jade at the meeting with his
professional advisers on 14 February 2008 by including the 4,600,000 Jade
shares which had already been force-sold by Opes Prime (see [31] above).
Admittedly, the professional advisers could possibly have discovered Soh’s
fraudulent scheme had they discharged their duties more prudently and
properly. However, the fact that they had not done so does not absolve Soh
from legal responsibility for the outcome that he had intended to cause. Seen
in this light, it is disingenuous, to say the least, for Soh to argue in
effect that his professional advisers should have prevented him from
committing his wrongs.

38th charge

144 The only disputed element is whether Soh, in causing the VGO to be
announced, did so with the primary intention to raise or maintain Jade’s share
price. In this regard, Soh contends that he had bona fide launched the VGO for
legitimate commercial reasons. According to him, he genuinely believed that
Jade shares were undervalued and to justify his belief, he had relied on a
draft independent report by the Russian National Geological Institute (“the
draft Giproshaft 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

The entity is “Giproshaht” but the term “Giproshaft” was used in the Notes of
Evidence and the GD.

Report”) he had received in December 2007 which gave a favourable estimate of
coal reserves in a project by a subsidiary of Jade.

145 In my view, all the aforesaid “commercial reasons” do not stand up to
scrutiny. First, Soh’s purported belief in the value of Jade shares and his
desire to secure majority control of Jade flies in the face of his own conduct
during the VGO. He was furtively offloading a large chunk (50,200,000) of his
shares from 21 February to 31 March 2008, at the same time that he was
offering to buy up shares belonging to other shareholders, and had profited
handsomely from such sales. In my view, his secret sales of large quantities
of Jade shares is an extremely cogent indicator that his ultimate aim was to
secretly profit from an anticipated inflation in the share price after the VGO
was announced, as opposed to genuinely seeking to secure majority control of
Jade.

146 Secondly, Soh’s purported reliance on the draft Giproshaft Report was
thoroughly considered and rejected by the District Judge. As pointed out by
the District Judge, Soh’s evidence that the draft Giproshaft Report had
reinforced his belief that Jade shares were undervalued was seriously flawed.
The draft Giproshaft Report that was tendered to the court bore no conclusion
and did not provide any estimate of coal reserves. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP Volume 14, pp 441–450.

Soh’s explanation in court was that the draft report had come with a
conclusion typed at the second page, and that he had torn off the page
containing the conclusion because it was price-sensitive information. As
pointed out by the District Judge, Soh’s evidence that he had torn off the
conclusion was incredible since a perusal of the draft Giproshaft Report
showed that: (a) the page numbered as the second page did not contain any
conclusions and was intact as part of the exhibit; and (b) the document was a
complete document given that the pages run sequentially from pages one to ten
where it ends off leaving a huge blank space at the bottom.

147 Thirdly, I accept that Soh had entered into the “conditional future
contract” with one Rajesh Harichandra Budhrani (“Budhrani”) to ensure that the
latter did not tender his Jade shares pursuant to the VGO. Under the
conditional future contract, Soh offered to buy 20m Jade shares from Budhrani
at a price of S$0.38, which was well above the VGO offer price of S$0.225.
Significantly, Budhrani was the largest non-corporate individual shareholder
in Jade and if he had tendered his shares under the VGO, it would have
immediately turned the VGO unconditional. The promised arrangement provided an
enormous financial incentive not to tender his shares under the VGO. Soh’s
explanation that he had only agreed to the arrangement because Budhrani had
pleaded with him was contradicted by the evidence given by Budhrani himself.
Budhrani denied that he had pleaded with Soh to purchase his shares, and
testified instead that Soh had offered to buy 20m Jade shares from him at
S$0.38 sometime in February 2008 and they had signed an agreement on 24 March
2008 for the same. I agree that the District Judge was entitled to accept
Budhrani’s evidence in this regard. This is also consistent with the earlier
finding that Soh knew he had insufficient resources to implement the VGO.

148 I will next address Soh’s contention that the District Judge erred in
failing to consider that it would be illogical for him to artificially inflate
the share price of Jade, liquidate a small proportion of his shareholdings and
only to have the vast majority of his 46.58% shareholdings in Jade become
nearly worthless as a result of the withdrawal of the VGO. I agree with the
Prosecution that it was not inevitable that the VGO would turn unconditional.
If the irregularities in the transaction had not been discovered and the VGO
had not turned unconditional, it would not have been necessary for Soh to
withdraw the VGO and in that situation, he might have walked away from the
deal a much richer man without obliterating Jade’s share prices. Further, it
is clear that by the end of January 2008, Soh’s shareholding in Jade had been
significantly reduced and the impact on his remaining shareholding, if any,
would not have been as substantial as counsel suggested it to be.

149 In my view, the evidence points overwhelmingly towards the conclusion that
Soh launched the VGO with the specific intention of raising and/or maintaining
Jade share prices for his own financial gain. The evidence shows that Soh was
in serious financial difficulties at the material time. While Soh has sought
to downplay the severity of his financial woes, I do not find his explanations
to be convincing. Moreover, it is undisputed that he had applied a large part
of the proceeds of his secret sales of Jade shares towards meeting his
financial obligations and this, in my view, is a further indication of his
true motivations behind the making of the VGO. While he was recorded as having
suggested the postponement of the VGO for a year, I am not inclined to read
too much into this suggestion. In any case, any inference that could possibly
be drawn in favour of Soh would be displaced by the weight of the evidence
that has been discussed above.

1st to 7th charges

150 Soh’s submissions on the 1st to 7th charges are similar to the arguments
on the 37th and 38th charges. His key contention is that he did not know that
APLL had insufficient financial resources to implement the VGO. As I have
found earlier at [135] that he had such knowledge, the appeal against the
conviction for the 1st to 7th charges will be dismissed on this basis.
Nonetheless, I would add my observation that Soh’s misconduct in respect of
the 7th charge was particularly egregious. Prior to Soh’s sale of 15,000,000
Jade shares on 31 March 2008 (which forms the subject matter of the 7th
charge), he was told that the FRC Letter as well as the copy of the First
SWIFT had not been issued by SCBJ 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP Volume 9, p 717.

and by then, Soh had already formed the intention of withdrawing the VGO on
the basis of the collapse of Opes Prime. His conduct in this respect only
serves to fortify my view that he had intended to profit handsomely from the
artificial inflation and/or maintenance of Jade’s share price.

8th charge

151 It appears that Soh has not made any submissions in respect of his
conviction on the 8th charge, the crux of which is that he had authorised the
furnishing of a false report to SGX on 21 January 2008 stating that he had
purchased 5,500,000 Jade shares on the same day. I agree with the District
Judge that this announcement was false in two respects: (a) the date of
purchase and (b) the identity of the purchaser. First, Soh had not purchased
the said shares on 21 January 2008. Although he initially claimed that he had
instructed the purchase of 5,000,000 Jade shares on 21 January 2008, he
accepted ultimately that he did not do so. Secondly, the 5,500,000 Jade shares
that had been purchased earlier were purchased in Faitheagle’s name, not
Soh’s. Therefore, I find the 8th charge to be established beyond reasonable
doubt and I dismiss the appeal in this respect.

39th charge

152 The crux of the 39th charge is that up to 3 April 2008, Soh had been aware
that the banker’s guarantee had not been issued by SCBJ, yet he had authorised
the furnishing of a report to the SIC stating that APLL had given instructions
for the transmission of two banker’s guarantees for a total of US$200m to
satisfy the VGO when there were in fact no such instructions given. The said
letter stated:

Dear Sirs

JADE TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING LTD

I refer to your telephone instructions to Rodyk & Davidson LLP on or about 2
April 2008.

I wish to make the following response for the Council’s consideration:-

1\. Financial resources to fulfil the Offer

I have instructed my banker, Standard Chartered Bank (Jakarta) on 1 April 2008
to transmit via SWIFT to OCBC Bank in Singapore, a banker’s instrument for
US$100 million. Copy attached. I will be instructing my banker today, 3 April
2008, to transmit an additional banker’s guarantee for an amount of up to
US$100 million to a bank in Singapore. I shall be furnishing SIC with proof of
such transmission.

The total banker’s instruments amounting to up to US$200 million (equivalent
to S$220 million based on today’s exchange rate) should be sufficient to
fulfill acceptances under the Offer on the assumption referred to in my letter
dated 2 April 2008 to the Company.

2\. Proposal

Although circumstances beyond my control have occurred, my intentions in
relation to the Company under the Offer Document dated 8 March 2008 remain
unchanged. I sincerely hope to be able to continue with the current Offer,
which closes on Monday, 7 April 2008. If the Offer becomes unconditional at
5.00 pm on Monday, I have probable grounds to believe that I would be able to
satisfy acceptances within the usual 10 days after the close of the Offer,
based on the arrangements I have made as explained above. …

153 Soh submits that the District Judge had erred in finding that it was an
agreed fact that no instructions were given to SCBJ to transmit an additional
banker’s guarantee for an amount of US$100m to a bank in Singapore. He submits
that he had, in accordance with the arrangement between him and Rahman,
requested for two banker’s guarantees from Rahman. In my view, it does not lie
in Soh’s mouth to take this position in this appeal since it was expressly
agreed at [72] of the Statement of Agreed Facts that “[i]n fact, no such
instructions were given to SCBJ”. Further, his alleged instructions to Rahman
to procure the banker’s guarantees do not cure the falsehoods in the report
made to the SIC given that no instructions were eventually conveyed to SCBJ.

154 It is also deeply disturbing that in respect of this charge, Soh has again
sought to shift the blame onto his professional adviser. He argues in this
regard that the letter was drafted by one Valerie Ong from Rodyk & Davidson
based on facts verified by her. Soh has also described the letter as
containing legal jargon. However, it bears noting that the crucial part of the
letter (ie, the purported confirmation that he had instructed SCBJ to issue
two banker’s guarantees) was a mere statement of fact that he would have
understood without difficulty. Further, it is crucial to note that Rodyk &
Davidson began to act for APLL only on 31 March 2008, and had done so for
barely three days before discharging themselves on 3 April 2008. They could
not possibly have had full cognisance of the entire complex patchwork of
background facts. Most tellingly, Valerie Ong had specifically disclaimed any
responsibility and independent knowledge for the letter in an email sent to
Daniel Teo of the SIC on 3 April 2008. She stated in that email:

Although we have discharged [sic] as lawyers of Asia Pacific Links Ltd in
connection with the Offer, Dr Soh has asked us to do him the favour of sending
this to SIC, for which we bear no responsibility or liability, nor do we have
any independent knowledge of. Please see attached. If you have any queries,
please contact him directly without reference to us, thanks.

155 The email speaks for itself. Similar qualifications can be found in
Valerie Ong’s earlier email to Soh which was sent at 6.46 pm on 2 April 2008 .
Rodyk & Davidson disavowed any “independent knowledge” of the contents of the
letter they had sent on behalf of Soh as a “favour”. Clearly, none of the
facts had been verified by Valerie Ong, contrary to what Soh maintains. In
view of the above, I see no reason to disturb Soh’s conviction in respect of
the 39th charge and I dismiss the appeal in this respect.

Conclusion on conviction

156 Soh’s evidence had been thoroughly tested and found wanting, and the
District Judge had rightly discerned the shifts in his evidence and numerous
material inconsistencies. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

GD at [111].

He found that Soh had purported to rely on documents such as the forged FRC
Letter, bogus SWIFT transmissions from a non-existent SCBJ account and the
draft Giproshaft Report in order to advance a sham defence. He concluded that
Soh did not merely have no reasonable grounds to believe that he or APLL had
sufficient financial resources to carry out the VGO; Soh in fact knew that he
or APLL did not have such resources. I concur with these conclusions.

157 Soh had actively sought to mislead OCBC with the FRC Letter and his other
claims which purported to confirm the availability of resources for the VGO.
He concealed the true extent to which his/APLL’s controlling interest in Jade
had been diluted by the time the VGO was launched. He nevertheless sought to
take his professional advisers to task for their failure to properly advise
him. He asserts that OCBC ought to have exercised greater care and diligence
before proceeding to accept his false assurances and make the VGO
announcement. The District Judge opined that this argument was a red herring;
to my mind it is an obvious and desperate attempt to avoid the consequences by
shifting the blame for his own criminal conduct.

158 The appeal against conviction essentially seeks to overturn the District
Judge’s findings of fact. I agree with the District Judge’s assessment of
Soh’s credibility; he was fully justified in finding that Soh’s evidence was
“incredible, unreliable and filled with blatant lies in material aspects”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

GD at [143].

I am not persuaded that the District Judge’s findings were plainly wrong or
against the weight of the evidence adduced at trial.

159 For the foregoing reasons, I find no reason to differ from the District
Judge’s conclusion that all 11 charges had been established beyond reasonable
doubt. Soh’s appeal against conviction is accordingly dismissed. I turn next
to address the appeals against sentence.

Appeals against sentence

160 Following his trial and conviction in respect of 11 charges under the SFA
and his plea of guilt in respect of the remaining 28 charges under the CA, Soh
was sentenced on 14 August 2015. The sentences imposed, the sentences sought
by the Prosecution, and the prescribed maximum sentences for each charge are
set out below:

Charge| Gain/Loss caused| Sentence Imposed| Sentence sought by PP| Prescribed
maximum sentence  
---|---|---|---|---  
1st Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$155,000| 6 months| 1 year| Fine not
exceeding S$250,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years or both  
2nd Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$310,000| 6 months| 1.5 years| Ditto  
3rd Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$232,500| 6 months| 1.5 years| Ditto  
4th Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$2.355m| 2.5 years| 3.5 years| Ditto  
5th Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$1.7424m| 1.5 years| 3 years| Ditto  
6th Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$728,500| 1 year| 2\. 5 years| Ditto  
7th Charge – s 218(2)(b) SFA| Gain of S$2.325m| 2.5 years| 3.5 years| Ditto  
8th Charge – s 330(1)(a) SFA| -| 6 months| 6 months| Fine not exceeding
S$50,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years  
9th to 13th Charges – s 165(1)(b) CA| -| S$5,000 fine i/d 1 week’s
imprisonment per charge| S$5,000 fine per charge| Fine not exceeding S$15,000
or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 years  
14th to 22nd Charges – s 165(1)(b) CA| -| 3 months per charge| 3 month per
charge| Ditto  
23rd to 27th Charge – s 166(1) CA| -| S$5,000 fine i/d 1 week’s imprisonment
per charge| S$5,000 fine per charge| Ditto  
28th to 36th Charge – s 166(1) CA| -| 3 months per charge| 3 months per
charge| Ditto  
37th Charge – s 140(2) SFA| Caused loss of S$67.4m| 4 years| 5-6 years| Fine
not exceeding S$250,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7 years or
both  
38th Charge – s 197(1)(b) SFA| Gain of S$11.3m| 2.5 years| 3-4 years| Ditto  
39th Charge – s 330(2) SFA| -| 3 months| 3 months| Fine not exceeding S$50,000
or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or both  
  
161  The District Judge ordered the sentences imposed for six charges, namely
the 5th, 18th, and 36th to 39th charges, to run consecutively, resulting in an
aggregate sentence of eight years and nine months’ imprisonment and fines
totalling S$50,000. Both the Prosecution and the Defence are appealing against
the sentences imposed by the District Judge.

The decision on sentence

162 As a starting point, it will be useful to highlight a few key aspects of
the District Judge’s decision on sentence that are relevant for the purposes
of the appeals against sentence.

Whether the custodial threshold had been crossed

163 The District Judge, at the outset of his decision on sentence, squarely
rejected the Defence’s submission that the custodial threshold had not been
crossed. In reaching this conclusion, the District Judge took into account the
following factors which he considered to be salient in sentencing for
securities offences: (a) the enormous economic significance of the securities
market; (b) the potential for securities offences to undermine confidence in
the integrity of a securities market, and disrupt fairness, orderliness,
transparency and efficiency in the market; (c) the disclosure-based regime
which makes it important to ensure that market players comply with
requirements relating to the quality and quantity of information disclosed;
(d) the impact on victims of the securities offences; (e) the need for general
deterrence given the vast opportunity for illicit financial gain; and (f) the
difficulty in detecting, investigating and prosecuting securities offences.

The aggravating and mitigating factors

164 Save for his view that Soh’s intention or dishonesty should not be
considered an aggravating factor, the District Judge accepted the
Prosecution’s submission that the following were aggravating factors: (a) the
offences were carried out with considerable deliberation and premeditation;
(b) the havoc and calamitous harm caused by Soh’s wrongdoing; (c) the enormous
gains and avoidances of loss to Soh; (d) the gravity of Soh’s misconduct which
included the distribution of purported banking documents which he knew to be
false, and making use of the services of professional advisers to facilitate
his criminal activity; and (e) his fabrication of his defence and spinning an
entire fairy tale during the trial.

165 The District Judge found little mitigating value in the various factors
that were highlighted in mitigation, including: (a) his service to the
community as a medical doctor from 1982 to 1992; (b) his service in the
Singapore Armed Forces as reservist medical doctor; (c) his excelling in the
IT business after medical practice; (d) contributions to biomedical ventures;
(e) contributions to Jade; (f) his financial losses as a result of the failed
VGO; (g) his remorse and lack of antecedents; and (h) his filial piety.

Sentence for the 37th charge

166 In respect of the 37th charge, the District Judge accepted that a
custodial sentence was warranted, but disagreed with the Prosecution’s view on
the interplay between ss 140(1) and 140(2) of the SFA. The District Judge
emphasised that the Prosecution had in the exercise of its prosecutorial
discretion elected to charge Soh under s 140(2) of the SFA for having “no
reasonable or probable grounds” to believe that APLL had sufficient resources
to satisfy the VGO, and not s 140(1) of the SFA which requires the Prosecution
to prove intention and dishonesty. On this basis, the District Judge did not
think that sentencing precedents involving cheating offences under s 417 of
the Penal Code would be useful comparators for the s 140(2) offence under the
SFA since the former required dishonesty (as opposed to having no reasonable
grounds to believe). He considered offences under ss 199 to 204 of the SFA to
be more analogous to the s 140(2) offence since they similarly seek to prevent
market manipulation and have similar mens rea requirements of failing to have
“reasonable grounds to believe”.

167  The District Judge took the view that a term of four years’ imprisonment
would be appropriate for the 37th charge given that: (a) the failed takeover
offer caused S$67.4m in loss of shareholders’ value to Jade shareholders, and
an estimated S$50.8m of losses to Soh himself; (b) Soh’s offer to purchase
Jade shares at a premium (compared to the market value) was not genuine and
essentially operated as a deception on public investors and constituted a
dishonest inducement to purchase from the market and pay for shares of Jade;
and (c) Soh’s offer induced shareholders to hold on to their shares in order
that they may sell those shares to APLL.

Sentence for the 38th charge

168 The District Judge considered two years and six months’ imprisonment to be
appropriate for the 38th charge. In reaching his decision, the District Judge
considered the following:

(a) The decision of R v Chauhan and Holroyd (1997) All England Official
Transcripts (20 January 2000), which establishes that the sentencing benchmark
would range from 18 months to four years for an early plea of guilt.

(b) Soh had been charged with and convicted of the more serious limb of s
197(1) of the SFA which required that he intended to create a misleading
appearance on the market. In this regard, it had been established that Soh’s
actions artificially distorted the forces of supply and demand in respect of
Jade shares and had caused immense market impact.

(c) Soh, who was the Group President and a director of Jade at the material
time owed fiduciary duties to act in the interests of Jade but had engineered
the sham VGO and left Jade in tatters after the sham was exposed.

Sentence for the 1st to 7th charges (insider trading)

169 The District Judge accepted the Prosecution’s submission that Soh’s S$7.8m
gain from his insider trades could not be offset from his self-induced losses.
It is also worth mentioning that while the District Judge accepted that
insider trading is a species of fraud akin to cheating, he rejected the
analogy that the Prosecution sought to draw between insider trading offences
and cheating offences under s 420 of the Penal Code. In his view, cheating
offences under s 420 of the Penal Code were more aggravated than insider
trading offences under s 218 of the SFA. For the aforesaid reasons, the
District Judge imposed sentences as follows: (a) an imprisonment term of six
months for each of the 1st to 3rd charges where the wrongful gain was
respectively S$155,000, S$310,000 and S$232,500; (b) an imprisonment term of
one year for the 6th charge where the wrongful gain was S$728,500; (c) an
imprisonment term of one year and six months for the 5th charge where the
wrongful gain was S$1.7424m; and (d) an imprisonment term of two years and six
months for the 4th and 7th charges where the wrongful gain was S$2.355m and
S$2.325m respectively.

Sentence for the 9th to 36th charges (non-disclosure)

170 The District Judge sentenced Soh to three months’ imprisonment in respect
of each of the 18 non-disclosure offences that were committed on or after 12
February 2008 (ie, the subject matter of the 14th to 22nd charges, as well as
the 28th to 36th charges). The non-disclosures allowed him to hide the fact
that he was offloading shares and also to keep up the impression that the VGO
was genuine. As for the remaining ten non-disclosure offences that Soh
committed prior to 12 February 2008 (ie, the subject matter of the 9th to 13th
charges as well as the 23rd to 27th charges), the District Judge imposed a
sentence of S$5,000 per charge. While Soh had repeatedly failed to disclose
his dealings in Jade shares over a period of seven months and the information
was relevant to the investing public, the District Judge accepted that there
was no admission or evidence that he had committed theses offences
intentionally.

Overall sentence

171 Ultimately, the District Judge took the view that the overall criminality
of Soh’s conduct could not be encompassed in two consecutive sentences and
ordered him to serve at least one sentence for each of the six different
categories of offences under the SFA and the CA. The District Judge, however,
took the view that the sentence of ten to 13 years’ imprisonment sought by the
Prosecution appeared to be manifestly excessive having regard to the English
decision of R v Tom Alexander William Hayes [2015] EWCA Crim 1944 (“R v Tom
Hayes”) wherein a former trader with the UBS Group who was found guilty of
manipulating the London InterBank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) was sentenced to 14
years’ imprisonment. Based on the transcript in that case, the offender had
been convicted of eight counts of conspiracy to defraud and the widespread
implications and gravity of the manipulation of the LIBOR was a key
consideration for the imposition of 14 years’ imprisonment. The District Judge
considered that the magnitude of the offences in R v Tom Hayes exceeded that
of the offences committed by Soh given the size and importance of the LIBOR
benchmark which was used to value more than US$350 trillion of loans and
securities, and the US$9bn paid in fines by the offenders concerned.

Soh’s appeal against sentence

172 Soh appeals against the aggregate imprisonment sentence on the basis that
the District Judge had breached the one-transaction rule by ordering the
imprisonment sentences for the 5th, 37th and 38th charges to run
consecutively. According to Soh, the crux of the 1st to 7th charges, the 37th
charge, as well as the 38th charge is effectively the same — he had
essentially been accused of falsely causing the VGO to be announced to
artificially raise and maintain the share price of Jade while liquidating his
existing shareholdings for financial gain. Therefore, he submits that the
consecutive imprisonment sentences in respect of the 5th, 37th and 38th
charges would doubly punish him for committing the same offence.

The Prosecution’s cross-appeal against sentence

173 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submits as follows:

(a) The District Judge erred in failing to treat as an aggravating factor
Soh’s dishonest intent in respect of the 1st to 7th, 37th and 38th charges.

(b) The District Judge erred in failing to consider sentences for closely
analogous offences in respect of the 1st to 7th and 37th charges.

(c) The District Judge erred in law in effectively holding that a charge under
s 140(2) of the SFA cannot attract an equally severe sentence compared to a
charge under s 140(1) of the SFA.

(d) The District Judge erred in failing to place adequate weight on Soh’s
culpability as well as the need for general deterrence.

(e) The District Judge erred in his appreciation of the facts in R v Tom Hayes
and in relying on the result in that case to conclude that a global sentence
of 10 to 13 years’ imprisonment was manifestly excessive.

Issues in respect of sentence

174 Taking into account the key contentions raised by Soh and the Prosecution,
the following issues arise for determination in the appeals against sentence:

(a) Whether the District Judge erred in failing to consider Soh’s dishonest
intent as an aggravating factor;

(b) Whether the District Judge should have considered sentencing precedents
for cheating offences in calibrating the sentences for the 1st to 7th and 37th
charges, and more generally, whether the sentences imposed for the 1st to 7th
and 37th charges are manifestly inadequate;

(c) Whether the District Judge erred in drawing a distinction between the
gravity of ss 140(1) and 140(2) of the SFA;

(d) Whether the District Judge breached the one-transaction rule by ordering
the imprisonment terms for the 5th, 37th and 38th charges to run
consecutively; and

(e) Whether the District Judge erred in his appreciation of the case of R v
Tom Hayes.

My Decision

Whether the District Judge erred in failing to treat Soh’s dishonest intent as
an aggravating factor

175 In the GD at [151], the District Judge explained why he declined to
consider dishonesty as an aggravating factor for the 1st to 7th and 37th and
38th charges:

… it was wrong to consider aggravating factors that were merely factors which
satisfied the ingredients of the offence of insider trading and for all the
present offences which [Soh] had been charged with where intention or
dishonesty is not even a crucial element of these offences, such intention or
dishonesty should not be considered as a factor to impose a heavier and more
severe sentence on [Soh] as contended by the Prosecution. …

176 Dishonesty can often be inferred from the motives and conduct of an
offender who is convicted of insider trading offences, such as those which
formed the subject-matter of the 1st to 7th charges. However, with respect,
the District Judge had erred in his reasoning. There is no requirement in law
to prove dishonesty as an ingredient of the s 218(2)(b) SFA charges for
insider trading. In my view, dishonesty can be regarded as an aggravating
factor precisely in those circumstances where it is not an element of the
offence. This is particularly apposite for the 37th charge which involved a s
140(2) SFA offence. The holding in Madhavan Peter v Public Prosecutor and
other appeals [2012] 4 SLR 613 at [169(a)] does not go beyond saying that it
is wrong to “double count” in the sense of overlaying an element of the
offence as a further aggravating factor when it was already accounted for in
the nature of the offence as one of the ingredients which must be proved.

177 It is also apposite to note that there are various shades of dishonesty
that could be taken into account. As highlighted by the Prosecution, factors
that may affect the colour of an offender’s dishonesty include: (a) the size
of the gain to be obtained; (b) whether the dishonest gain was intended to
benefit oneself only, as opposed to benefitting others; and (c) the identity
and characteristics of the victims at whom the dishonest conducted is
targeted.

178 In the present case, the District Judge had ample basis to find that
dishonesty pervaded almost every aspect of Soh’s offending, from planning the
VGO, co-opting the assistance of OCBC and A&G, causing the VGO to be announced
and surreptitiously selling 50,200,000 shares to the investing public for his
own wrongful gain. Such dishonesty should ordinarily be considered an
aggravating factor. Having said that, I note that the Prosecution, at the same
time, urges this court to accept sentencing precedents which involve cheating
offences (which require proof of dishonesty as an element of the offence) and
adopt a similar sentencing range. I hesitate to endorse this approach
unreservedly, since the element of dishonesty does not feature as an
ingredient of the SFA offences. While Soh’s dishonesty can validly be taken
into account as an aggravating factor, the weight to be accorded would still
depend on the overall assessment of the seriousness of the offences in their
context, measured broadly in terms of the twin considerations of harm and
culpability.

Whether the District Judge erred in treating s 140(1) SFA offences as more
serious than s 140(2) SFA offences

179  The Prosecution submits that a violation of s 140(2) of the SFA is not
invariably less serious than a violation of s 140(1) of the SFA. For ease of
reference, the provision is set out below:

Offences relating to take-over offers

140.—(1) A person who has no intention to make an offer in the nature of a
take-over offer shall not give notice or publicly announce that he intends to
make a take-over offer.

(2) A person shall not make a take-over offer or give notice or publicly
announce that he intends to make a take-over offer if he has no reasonable or
probable grounds for believing that he will be able to perform his obligations
if the take-over offer is accepted or approved, as the case may be.

(3) Where a person contravenes subsection (1) or (2), the person and, where
the person is a corporation, every officer of the corporation who is in
default shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a
fine not exceeding $250,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 7
years or to both.

[emphasis added in italics]

180 As pointed out by the District Judge, ss 140(1) and 140(2) of the SFA
provide for different degrees of mens rea. One who knows that he will not be
able to perform his obligations if the takeover offer is accepted will fall
under s 140(1) because he clearly has no intention to make a takeover offer
whereas another who failed to exercise due care to ensure the sufficiency of
his resources to perform his obligations would fall under s 140(2). The former
would clearly be far more culpable than the latter. However, where the
evidence before the court establishes a clear lack of intention to make the
takeover offer (ie, an offence under s 140(1) of the SFA), such intention
would, in my view, still be relevant for the purpose of sentencing
notwithstanding that the offender in question has been charged under s 140(2).

181 This situation is, in my view, analogous to that of s 304A of the Penal
Code in its pre-2008 form on the offence of causing death by a rash or
negligent act. The same maximum punishment was prescribed for both forms of
conduct, irrespective of whether death was caused by rashness or negligence.
The provision was amended in 2008 with the result that separate punishment
provisions now apply. In Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661, the
High Court held that “rashness” and “negligence” demarcated separate offences
with different starting points for sentencing. However, notwithstanding the
different punishment provisions that apply to the rashness and negligence
limbs of s 304A offences, the High Court accepted that the actual penal
consequences that follow upon the commission of a s 304A offence would
ultimately depend on the presence of mitigating or aggravating factors, and
not merely the categorisation of an offender’s conduct as rash or negligent.
Hence, notwithstanding that there are now separate punishment provisions,
there can still be potential overlapping sentencing outcomes where custodial
sentences for “lower-end” rashness may shade into “higher-end” negligence.

182 A further analogy may be drawn with offences involving (non-capital) drug
trafficking or drug importation. In a case where the Prosecution decides to
proceed on a charge that makes reference to a reduced quantity of drugs, the
accused cannot be convicted in respect of the actual quantity of drugs
recovered even if it has been proved or admitted. However, when it comes to
imposing a custodial sentence within the prescribed range, regard must be had
to the actual amount of drugs involved, and a higher sentence could be imposed
if the court considers it appropriate to do so (see for example Public
Prosecutor v Suventher Shanmugam [2016] SGHC 178 at [18]).

183 Returning to the present case, the mens rea requirements for ss 140(1) and
140(2) of the SFA are plainly different and the outcome of the proceedings at
the liability stage could possibly differ depending on the evidence proffered.
However, I do not think that there is a need for a notional distinction to be
observed in terms of sentencing especially since there may be possible points
where culpability converges. This would amount to a self-imposed fetter on the
court’s sentencing discretion when the same punishment provision applies to
both limbs. In my view, there is no compelling reason for this approach.
Instead, a more flexible and nuanced approach should be preferred at the
sentencing stage and the court should not shut its eyes to the obvious
aggravating circumstances in which the accused has committed the offences.
Therefore, notwithstanding the fact that the Prosecution has preferred a
charge under s 140(2) of the SFA, I find it relevant, for the purpose of
sentencing, to take into account the fact that Soh had abused the takeover
mechanism by launching a sham VGO without the intention of seeing it through,
and had intended to profit handsomely from doing so.

Whether the District Judge should have considered sentencing precedents for
cheating offences in respect of the 1st to 7th and 37th charges

184 There is some support for the view that when insider trading is done
deliberately, it is a species of fraud and could amount to cheating. In Ng Poh
Meng Allan v Public Prosecutor [1991] 1 SLR(R) 293, M Karthigesu J (as he then
was) pithily observed that:

6 … [Insider trading] is particularly pernicious because it affects the
integrity of the securities market, it gives the person who has that
information an unfair advantage over others, it amounts to cheating the other
person to the transaction and it is an abuse of corporate confidentiality.

185 This is consistent with the views of the English and Australian courts. In
R v Mcquoid [2009] 4 All ER at [9], the English Court of Appeal took the
opportunity to emphasise that insider trading does not merely contravene
regulatory mechanisms, and to send a clear message that insider trading is a
species of fraud and cheating when it is done deliberately. A similar view was
espoused by McCallum J sitting in the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal
in R v Nicholas Glynatsis (2013) 230 A Crim R 99 (at [79]):

… The acquisition or disposal of financial products by people having the
unfair advantage of inside information is criminalised because it has the
capacity to unravel the public trust which is critical to the viability of the
market. It is, as previously observed by this Court, a form of cheating. …

186 The District Judge considered sentencing precedents involving cheating
offences to be inapplicable on the basis that cheating offences involve mens
rea of a higher order, ie, intention and dishonesty. It must, however, be
borne in mind that there could be varying degrees of culpability and a wide
variety of circumstances which may give rise to insider trading offences.
Thus, whether or not cheating offences are appropriate comparators for insider
trading offences would depend on the precise circumstances of each individual
case. The same reasoning would apply in respect of the s 140(2) SFA offence.
Cheating offences would be suitable comparators where the evidence shows that
the offender had dishonestly launched a takeover offer without the intention
to see it through. Conversely, where intention or dishonesty has not been
proved, it would not be appropriate for the court to calibrate the sentence
for an offence under s 140(2) of the SFA by reference to those imposed for
cheating offences.

187  As explained at [149] and [150], I agree with the Prosecution that Soh
had committed the insider trading offences deliberately for his own financial
gain and had launched the takeover offer without any intention of seeing it
through. It would thus be appropriate to have regard to sentencing precedents
for cheating offences in calibrating the sentences that should be imposed on
him. I note in this regard that the table of precedents tendered by the
Prosecution reflects imprisonment terms of between six months and four years
that have been imposed in respect of cheating offences under s 420 of the
Penal Code. In this light, I turn to consider whether the sentences imposed
for the 1st to 7th charges as well as the 37th charge are manifestly
inadequate.

188 There appears to be no sentencing precedent that deals with offences under
s 140 of the SFA. I note also that there is no local sentencing precedent that
involves insider trading on a scale that is similar to that in the present
case. A brief survey of the precedents show that the insider trading cases
that have come before the courts in Singapore have hitherto involved
misconduct that falls on the lower end of the culpability spectrum, and the
sentences imposed on those offenders are correspondingly on the lower end of
the punishment range (that is, a fine not exceeding S$250,000 or imprisonment
for a term not exceeding seven years or both).

(a) In Public Prosecutor v Chen Jiulin (unreported, District Arrest Case No
23240 of 2005) (“Chen Jiulin”), the offender was the Chief Executive Officer
and Managing Director of China Aviation Oil (“CAO”) and a vice-president of
CAO’s parent company. He procured CAO’s parent company to sell its 15% stake
in CAO while he was in possession of information that CAO was facing market
losses of at least US$180m. The proceeds were not used to benefit the offender
directly. 96% of the proceeds went to meet margin calls that CAO was facing,
and the remainder was used as CAO’s working capital. He was sentenced to four
months’ imprisonment for one count of insider trading.

(b) In Public Prosecutor v Desai Praful Jayantilal (unreported, District
Arrest Case No 15208 of 2009 & others), the offender was a director of his
company and had received information that was likely to increase the price of
the company’s shares. Thereafter, he bought no less than 500,000 shares in the
company over the space of a month. For his first insider trading charge, he
made a profit of S$1,035 and received a fine of S$40,000. For his second
insider trading charge, he made a profit of S$14,970 and received a fine of
S$60,000.

(c) In Public Prosecutor v Franco Giuseppe [2011] SGDC 184, the offender, who
was the Chief Financial Officer of Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd (“PPH”)
at the material time, gave instructions for the purchase of PPH shares when he
was in possession of information that PPH was acquiring another company. The
District Judge found that his culpability was at the lower end of the spectrum
of criminality since: (a) he had only been trading as instructed by his
superiors; (b) the trades did not have a significant market impact; (c) the
information in question was not particularly price-sensitive; (d) he did not
trade on his own behalf or make any profit; and (e) there was no evidence of
loss or diminishing of public confidence as a result of the trades. He was
thus sentenced to a fine of S$40,000 per charge.

189 In various other insider trading case precedents, fines were deemed
adequate. I am compelled to conclude that Soh’s conduct, unlike those of the
offenders in the precedents, falls on the higher end of the culpability
spectrum. The launch of the sham VGO and the insider trades were deliberately
executed and coldly calculated for personal profit. Soh exploited to full
measure the information asymmetry between him and unsuspecting public
investors by offloading a total of 45,700,000 Jade shares at artificially-
inflated prices while the VGO was extant. This was done with the knowledge
that APLL did not have sufficient resources to implement the VGO, and that a
withdrawal of the VGO would have devastating consequences on Jade’s share
prices.

190 Of particular note is his sale of 15,000,000 Jade shares on 31 March 2008
which forms the subject matter of the 7th charge. By then, Soh had been
informed that the FRC Letter as well as the copy of the First SWIFT had not
been issued by SCBJ and he had separately formed the intention of withdrawing
the VGO on the basis of the collapse of Opes Prime. In this case, there is no
doubt that Soh had been greatly enriched at the expense of investors who had
purchased Jade shares during that period. He was found to have made a profit
of S$7.8m from the insider trades, and to have used this sum to meet his
personal financial obligations.

191 It is uncontroversial that sentencing courts should determine precisely
where the offender’s conduct falls within the spectrum of punishment devised
by Parliament, and in doing so, a consideration of the maximum penalty
prescribed for an offence is fundamental to a determination of the appropriate
sentence to be imposed: Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4
SLR(R) 653 at [84]. I am satisfied that the gravity and scale of Soh’s
misconduct in respect of the 1st to 7th charges and the 37th charge call for
sentences on the higher end of the spectrum of punishment. I also consider a
strong measure of general and specific deterrence to be necessary in the
present case. Soh’s actions must be met with strong disapprobation. They have
caused immeasurable harm to the investing public and are undoubtedly inimical
to Singapore’s interest in the maintenance of an orderly, efficient and
transparent securities market.

Whether the District Judge failed to place sufficient weight on the gravity of
the appellant’s conduct as well as the need for general deterrence

192 The Prosecution argues that the District Judge had failed to give
sufficient weight to the public interest in preventing such flagrant
misconduct and to the need for general deterrence. The Defence, on the other
hand, argues that the District Judge had breached the one-transaction
principle by ordering the imprisonment sentences for the 5th, 37th and 38th
charges to run consecutively. The Defence does not contend that the order for
the other three imprisonment terms (ie, for the 18th, 36th and 39th charges)
to run consecutively is inappropriate.

193 I begin with the decision of the High Court in Public Prosecutor v Ng Sae
Kiat and other appeals [2015] 5 SLR 167 (“Ng Sae Kiat”). In that case, the
appeals revolved around offences under s 201(b) of the SFA which penalises a
wide range of fraudulent or deceptive conduct directly or indirectly linked
with the purchase or sale of securities. The High Court held that the
following factors are relevant to sentencing for such offences (at [58]): (a)
the extent of the loss/damage caused to victim(s); (b) sophistication of the
fraud; (c) the frequency and duration of the offender’s unauthorised use of
the relevant account; (d) extent of distortion, if any, to the operation of
the financial market; (e) the identity of the defrauded party (ie, whether the
defrauded party was a public investor or a securities firm); (f) relationship
between the offender and the defrauded party; and (g) the offender’s breach of
any duty of fidelity that he might have owed the defrauded party. While Soh
has not been charged under s 201(b), the sentencing factors outlined by the
court in Ng Sae Kiat are nonetheless germane for our purposes since s 201(b)
is a catch-all provision that penalises a wide range of fraudulent conduct.

194 It is clear from an application of the sentencing factors set out in Ng
Sae Kiat that Soh’s conduct falls on the high end of the spectrum of
culpability, thus warranting substantially high sentences. To engineer the
sham VGO, he had blatantly supplied his professional advisers with false
banking documents. In addition, the sham VGO had calamitous effects on the
securities market. The withdrawal of the VGO caused Jade’s shares to plunge
from its last traded price of S$0.220 to S$0.065 in just one day. As noted by
the District Judge, Soh had left Jade in tatters after the sham was exposed
notwithstanding his duty, as a director and Group President, to act in the
interests of the company. Moreover, by surreptitiously offloading his shares
during the period of the sham VGO, Soh had enriched himself at the expense of
public investors. His actions were motivated solely by self-interest.

195 I am unable to agree with Soh’s submission that the District Judge had
breached the one-transaction principle by ordering the sentences for the 5th,
37th and 38th charges to run consecutively. As explained by Sundaresh Menon CJ
in Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998
(“Shouffee”), the one-transaction rule serves as a filter to sieve out those
sentences that ought not as a general rule to be ordered to run consecutively
(at [27]). The rationale for the rule stems from the principle that
consecutive sentences are not appropriate if the various offences involved a
single invasion of the same legally protected interest (at [30], citing D A
Thomas, Principles of Sentencing (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p 53). In the
final analysis, the application of the one-transaction rule has to be
undertaken as a matter of common sense (at [39]).

196 I agree with the Prosecution that the District Judge was entitled to order
the sentences for the 5th, 37th and 38th charges to run consecutively since
they pertain to distinct interests. The insider trading prohibition under s
218 of the SFA is intended to ensure a level playing field since such offences
have the potential of undermining market confidence and could discourage
investors from entering the market to invest because of other market actors
who may have an unfair advantage over them (see Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2013) (“Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts”) at p 1303). In contrast, s 140 of the SFA protects
against abuses of the takeover mechanism which could possibly affect the
credibility of future takeover offers. Section 197 of the SFA, on the other
hand, protects the forces of supply and demand in the securities market from
artificial distortions. It is meant to catch persons who interfere with the
workings of the market for personal profit (Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts p 1278).

197 In any event, the one-transaction rule is not an inflexible rule and its
application yields only a provisional exclusion (Shouffee at [81(b)]). Even if
the ss 218, 140 and 197 SFA offences could be regarded as part of the same
transaction, I am of the view that the imposition of at least three
consecutive sentences is necessary to adequately reflect Soh’s culpability
given the aggravating features of the offending conduct highlighted above at
[194]. The strong public interest in deterring market misconduct has been
emphasised time and again (see, for example, Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi
Able [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1082 at [1]). The number of consecutive sentences must be
sufficient to express the court’s abhorrence of market misconduct of such
magnitude and gravity, while having regard to the principles of
proportionality and totality.

Whether the District Judge erred in his appreciation of the facts in R v Tom
Hayes and in concluding that a global sentence of ten to 13 years was
manifestly excessive

198 The Prosecution’s argument is two-fold: (a) the District Judge erred in
using the quantum of punishment in R v Tom Hayes to determine the upper limit
of aggregate sentence; and (b) the District Judge erred in appreciating the
facts of R v Tom Hayes. In respect of the first point, I do not think that the
comments of V K Rajah J (as he then was) in Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“Law Aik Meng”) completely shut the door on the use of
foreign case precedents in devising sentencing benchmarks. His view was that
(at [16]):

… sentencing courts must be extremely circumspect when devising sentencing
benchmarks based on another jurisdiction’s public policy or interest. Indeed,
given the differences in culture, community values, public policy and
sentencing attitudes in different jurisdictions, undue and unthinking
deference by local courts to the sentencing benchmarks pronounced by foreign
courts could well result in sentences inconsistent with and ill-suited to the
administration of criminal justice in Singapore.

[emphasis added]

It stands to reason that where the sentencing factors and the policy interests
underpinning the relevant offence do not materially differ, case precedents
from foreign jurisdictions could provide some assistance. Moreover, Law Aik
Meng should be read in its context. In that case, the offenders skimmed data
from ATM cards in order to manufacture cloned ATM cards with which fraudulent
withdrawals could be made. The accused pleaded guilty to offences under the
Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A, 1998 Rev Ed) as well as the Penal Code. There
were relevant precedents in Singapore (pertaining to credit card fraud) which
were appropriate comparators and in those circumstances, the court’s
reluctance to rely on foreign case precedents is understandable.

199 Returning to the present case, I do not think that the District Judge had
erred in using as a guide the global sentence that was imposed on the offender
in R v Tom Hayes. First, there is clearly a dearth of local precedents
involving securities offences of this scale and magnitude. Secondly, there
seems to be no appreciable difference between the interests of the UK and
Singapore in ensuring an orderly, fair and transparent securities market, as
well as the courts’ attitude towards sentencing in such cases. In any event,
the Prosecution has not pointed out any significant contextual differences in
their submissions.

200 In respect of the second point made by the Prosecution, I note that Hayes
was sentenced to 14 years’ imprisonment at first instance. His sentence was
later reduced to 11 years on appeal on the basis of, inter alia, his age, his
non-managerial position in the banks and his mild Asperger’s condition. I note
in particular that the English courts took the following into consideration in
sentencing Hayes: (a) the vital significance of the financial markets in the
UK; (b) the high culpability of Hayes who had developed the manipulation of
Yen LIBOR and the practice of using other traders to manipulate the market and
doing favours for each other; (c) Hayes’ leading role in the manipulation of
the Yen LIBOR (he pressured others more junior to engage in manipulation and
made corrupt payments to brokers for their assistance); (d) Hayes’ trading
amounted to 40% of the Yen derivative trading in the market; (e) his offences
were carefully thought through and involved sophistication; and (f) the harm
caused was at a high level and the amounts were very substantial as the
attempts to influence LIBOR had been huge in number.

201 In view of the aggravating features of Hayes’ offences, I agree with the
District Judge’s assessment that Hayes is more culpable and his wrongdoings
more egregious as compared to Soh. However, since the mitigating factors that
had resulted in the eventual reduction of Hayes’ sentence are not present in
the case at hand, it would be more appropriate to calibrate Soh’s aggregate
sentence by reference to the 14-year sentence that had been imposed on Hayes
at first instance. Viewed from this perspective, the District Judge had
adopted an unduly lenient starting point for reference and while the sentences
he imposed were substantial, he had erred in concluding that the Prosecution’s
proposed sentence of ten to 13 years’ imprisonment in the aggregate was
manifestly excessive.

202 I should add however that the court’s reference to the 14-year sentence in
R v Tom Hayes by no means represents a form of “anchoring” but it helps in
affording a broad sense of how a sentencing court in another common law
jurisdiction that serves as a major financial centre has approached such
matters. The views of that court are of course not binding and should not be
blindly adopted as a convenient short-cut or substitute for independent
evaluation and judgment. I am of the view that both in terms of context and
currency, R v Tom Hayes is a relevant reference for sentencing purposes and I
am not persuaded that there are good grounds to disregard it.

Conclusion on sentence

203 For the reasons that are set out above, I am of the view that there is no
merit in Soh’s appeal against sentence. Considering matters in the round,
including the disparity in the scale and gravity of wrongdoing between Soh and
Hayes, the individual and aggregate imprisonment sentences imposed by the
District Judge do not fully and adequately reflect the overall criminality and
gravity of Soh’s misconduct. In turn, I am persuaded that the sentences in
respect of the relevant charges and the aggregate sentence are manifestly
inadequate having regard to the gravity of his offending conduct. Accordingly,
I allow the Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence imposed by the District
Judge and dismiss Soh’s appeal against the same.

204 I agree with the Prosecution’s submissions and conclude that the sentences
for the following offences ought to be enhanced:

(a) for the first three insider trading offences (ie, the 1st to 3rd charges
involving sums of S$310,000 or below), the sentence of six months’
imprisonment per charge will be enhanced to nine months’ imprisonment;

(b) for the 4th and 7th insider trading offences, (ie, involving sums above
S$2m), the sentence of 2.5 years’ imprisonment per charge will be enhanced to
3.5 years’ imprisonment;

(c) for the 5th insider trading offence (ie, involving the sum of S$1.7424m),
the sentence of 1.5 years’ imprisonment will be enhanced to 2.5 years’
imprisonment;

(d) for the 6th insider trading offence (ie, involving the sum of S$728,500),
the sentence of one year’s imprisonment will be enhanced to 1.5 years’
imprisonment;

(e) for the 37th charge (ie, involving s 140(2)of the SFA and a loss of
S$67.4m in shareholder value), the sentence of four years’ imprisonment will
be enhanced to five years’ imprisonment; and

(f) for the 38th charge (ie, involving s 197 of the SFA and a gain of S$11.3m
to Soh), the sentence of 2.5 years’ imprisonment will be enhanced to 3.5
years’ imprisonment.

205 I have indicated above (at [195]–[197]) that the District Judge’s order
for consecutive sentences for the 5th, 37th and 38th charges does not fall
foul of the one-transaction rule. I turn now to address the totality principle
and in particular whether it is appropriate to maintain the District Judge’s
order for six imprisonment terms to run consecutively, bearing in mind the
implications of the enhanced sentences for each of the above offences.

206 Given the significant enhancements I have ordered to the sentences for the
5th, 37th and 38th charges, an order for these three imprisonment terms to run
consecutively will result in an aggregate sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment.
This is a considerable uplift from the aggregate custodial sentence of eight
years and nine months’ imprisonment as ordered by the District Judge and is
adequate to mark the overall gravity of the offending conduct. In the
premises, I see no necessity to adhere to the District Judge’s order for
consecutive sentencing for six of the imprisonment terms. I therefore order
that only the imprisonment terms for the 5th, 37th and 38th charges are to run
consecutively. The fines imposed totalling S$50,000 are to remain and I
understand that they have been paid.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Michael Khoo SC, Josephine Low and Joel Yeow Guan Wei (Michael Khoo &
Partners) for the appellant in MA 123/2015/01 and respondent in MA123/2015/02;  
Teo Guan Siew, Nicholas Tan and Ng Jean Ting (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the respondent in MA 123/2015/01 and appellant in MA123/2015/02.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

