Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 66

Civil Appeal No 7 of 2016

Between

Sudha Natrajan  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

The Bank of East Asia Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Deeds and Other Instruments] — [Deed] — [Avoidance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sudha Natrajan

  
v

  

The Bank of East Asia Ltd

[2016] SGCA 66

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 7 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
27 July 2016

29 November 2016 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The core issue in the appeal is as it was before the learned judicial
commissioner (“the Judge”) who tried this matter and whose decision is
reported as The Bank of East Asia Limited v Sudha Natrajan [2015] SGHC 328
(“the Judgment”): did the appellant execute a Deed of Assignment of Proceeds
(“the Deed”) in duplicate on 10 January 2014? The appellant testified that she
did not sign the Deed. The signatures affixed on each copy of the Deed bore no
resemblance to the appellant’s usual signature. But the signing of the Deeds
were evidently witnessed by a solicitor. The answer to the question comes
down, first, to the inherent probabilities of the case advanced by each party,
and second, to the evidence of two crucial witnesses – Mr Yap Bei Sing (“Mr
Yap”), a consultant forensic scientist with the Document Examination Unit of
the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA"); and Mr Johnny Cheo Chai Beng (“Mr
Cheo”), the solicitor who witnessed the signing of the Deed. The Judge
favoured the evidence of the latter. For reasons which we set out below, we
consider, having regard also to the probabilities inherent in each party’s
case, that the Judge erred in his analysis and evaluation of the evidence and
we therefore allow the appeal.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The appellant is a former Human Resource Manager of Tecnomic Processors Pte
Ltd (“Tecnomic”), a company that has since been wound up. Her husband, Rajan
Natrajan (“Rajan”), was the major shareholder and principal director of
Tecnomic and was adjudicated a bankrupt on 12 June 2014, some months after the
events that are central to this matter. The appellant and Rajan are joint
owners of their matrimonial home located at 41 Eng Kong Place, Singapore
599113 (“the Property”).

3 The respondent is a bank registered in the Hong Kong SAR, and carries on
business in Singapore through its local branch. It is the beneficiary under
the Deed, to which the appellant (allegedly) and Rajan are co-signatories.

Background to the dispute

4 Rajan was one of two guarantors under a guarantee dated 7 September 2012
(“the Guarantee”) given in favour of the respondent. The other guarantor was
one Sarada Devi Krishna Pillai Suresh Kumar (“Pillai”). Under the terms of the
Guarantee, Rajan and Pillai were jointly and severally liable to pay on demand
all sums owed by Tecnomic to the respondent in respect of banking facilities
granted by the respondent to Tecnomic (“the Banking Facilities”). Tecnomic
subsequently defaulted on its obligations to service the Banking Facilities
and as a result, the respondent terminated these on 2 December 2013. Rajan and
the respondent then entered into discussions pertaining to the repayment of
the outstanding sum and it was agreed between the respondent and Rajan that
Rajan, the appellant and Tecnomic would jointly and severally covenant to pay
the respondent all sums owed by Tecnomic to the respondent. Additionally, the
Property (or the sale proceeds therefrom) would be furnished as collateral for
these sums. In return, the respondent would forebear from instituting
proceedings to recover the sums due in respect of the Banking Facilities. This
agreement was reduced to writing in the Deed, which for avoidance of doubt,
was executed as a deed. There is no evidence to suggest that the appellant was
party to any of the discussions between Rajan and the respondent that
culminated in these arrangements. Indeed it does not appear that the
respondent ever communicated with the appellant at any time before it received
copies of the Deed on 10 January 2014.

5 Rajan produced, on 3 January 2014, a first set of what appeared to be signed
copies of the Deed (“the Original Copies”). But this was rejected by the
respondent on the ground that the signing of the documents had not been
witnessed. A week later, on 10 January 2014, Rajan returned with two signed
copies of the Deed, this time with what purported to be the signatures of
Rajan and the appellant. Additionally, the Deed itself indicated that Mr Cheo
witnessed the signing of the document. The respondent accepted the copies and
lodged a caveat against the Property (“the Caveat”) on 20 January 2014 on the
basis of its interest under the Deed.

6 Unknown to the respondent, winding-up proceedings had been commenced by a
third party against Tecnomic on 20 December 2013 and Tecnomic was wound up 10
January 2014, which was the very day on which Rajan had produced the signed
copies of the Deed that were accepted by the respondent. In fact, Tecnomic had
been wound up that morning. Rajan, as a director of Tecnomic, had stated on
oath in an affidavit filed in the winding-up proceedings on 6 January 2014
that Tecnomic was indebted to the creditor seeking the winding-up order in the
amount of $21.1m and that it would not resist its winding-up because it was
unable to pay this debt. The Deed was allegedly signed by the appellant in the
afternoon of 10 January 2014, by which time, Tecnomic had already been wound
up. The respondent maintained that it only discovered this fact upon receiving
notice of the liquidation from the liquidator of Tecnomic on or about 28
January 2014. It subsequently commenced Suit No 751 of 2014 (“S 751”) against
the appellant for the amounts due under the Deed, having received no payment
in response to its letter of demand dated 17 March 2014 (“the LOD”) that was
addressed to the appellant. The appellant’s defence was straightforward – she
said that she had not signed the Deed.

Decision Below

7 The Judge found in favour of the respondent for the following reasons:

(a) He considered that the appellant’s evidence was not credible. The fact
that it had not been the appellant’s case that Rajan had forged her signatures
on the Deed appeared to have played a significant role in the Judge’s
reasoning (the Judgment at [30]).

(b) An adverse inference was drawn against the appellant on the basis of
illustration (g) of s 116 (“s 116(g)”) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) because she failed to call Rajan as a witness without good
reason (the Judgment at [75]).

(c) The evidence of Mr Cheo, which was “clear and cogent”, was preferred over
that of Mr Yap (the Judgment at [46] and [66]).

8 The appellant contests each of these planks of the court’s reasoning.
Additionally, she says that any doubt as to whether she had signed the Deed
should be resolved in her favour in light of the respondent’s “poor and
oppressive banking practices which deviated from industry norms”, and that the
Deed should be set aside in any case as it “shocks the conscience of the
court”. We first address the evidence that was before the Judge and then we
consider the appellant’s alternative arguments, which we must emphasise were
not raised in the court below.

The findings of fact

The appellant’s evidence at the trial

9 The first main plank on which the decision of the court below stood was the
lack of credibility in the appellant’s evidence and the case that she
advanced. Her case was essentially that she had been ignorant of Rajan’s
financial dealings and more specifically, of the very existence of the Deed.
She testified that when she subsequently confronted Rajan about the Deed, he
denied forging her signature. Rajan told her that he had passed the Deed to
Pillai with only his signature and Pillai then passed the signed Deed to the
respondent. The Judge highlighted numerous deficiencies in the appellant’s
evidence at [39]–[44] of the Judgment and in our judgment, his scepticism as
to the alleged role played by Pillai is entirely justified. The Judge outlined
several pertinent considerations at [41] of the Judgment, of which we
highlight two: (a) the assertion that Pillai had handed the Deed to the
respondent was inconsistent with the police report filed by the appellant and
the evidence of the respondent’s employee, Mr Heng Juay Yong (“Mr Heng”), both
of which attest to the fact that it was Rajan who handed the Deed to the
Respondent; and (b) there was no reason for Rajan to have handed the Deed to
Pillai since it was the appellant’s signature that was required. Furthermore,
insofar as the appellant’s evidence is intended to support the truth of the
matters purportedly asserted by Rajan, it is hearsay evidence. Like the Judge,
we are not satisfied that Pillai had any role to play in the alleged forgery.
But this was only one aspect of the appellant’s evidence. As the appellant
stresses, all she has to prove is that she did not sign the Deed; it is not
necessary for her to establish who the forger was.

10 The foundation for the Judge’s reasoning is at [23]–[29] of the Judgment,
where he spelt out the essence of his reasons for disbelieving the appellant.
The first step in this process was the conclusion that Rajan must have
intended the Deed to bind because it was not suggested by anyone (including
Rajan) that his own signature had been forged. With respect, there is a
fallacy here. The Deed needed the signatures of both Rajan and the appellant
to be legally binding because the entire purpose of the Deed was to give the
respondent security in the form of the appellant’s and Rajan’s home. It is not
possible, in our view, to draw the conclusion that Rajan subjectively intended
that the Deed should be binding just from the fact that he alone had evidently
signed the Deed.

11 The next step in the Judge’s reasoning was based on his first premise,
which, as we have noted, is flawed. He reasoned that because Rajan intended
the Deed to be binding, he would have acted bona fide and persuaded the
appellant (as joint owner of the Property) to sign the Assignment. But since
the basis of this second step, ie the Judge’s first premise, is flawed, we do
not think this step in the reasoning can stand either.

12 But there is more to be said about this. Given the disastrous state of
Tecnomic’s finances in early January 2014 (see [6] above), it seems unlikely
to us that Rajan would have intended that the Deed should be valid and
binding. What he might well have wanted, for whatever reason, was to give the
respondent the appearance that he had furnished an executed deed. This
however, as the appellant points out, raises the possibility that it was Rajan
who forged the appellant’s signature. Indeed, having excluded the possibility
that Pillai forged the appellant’s signature, we are left with only two other
possibilities: that Rajan forged the appellant’s signature or that the
appellant did sign the Deed after all. The appellant alludes in this appeal to
the former hypothesis, stating that “there are understandable emotional ties
between husband and wife which may explain the reason for a wife to be
reticent in asserting that her husband forged her signature”. Once this
possibility is contemplated, much of the force of the Judge’s analysis is
lost. We develop this by reference to specific factual findings that were made
against the appellant.

13 First, based on his view that Rajan intended the Deed to bind, the Judge
concluded that Rajan must have apprised the appellant of Tecnomic’s dire
financial plight in an effort to persuade her to sign the Deed. As against
this, the appellant’s evidence was that while she was generally aware in
January 2014 that Rajan had been experiencing financial difficulties, she only
came to know of the Banking Facilities, the Guarantee and the Deed after S 751
had been commenced against her. The Judge disbelieved her, largely on the
ground that Rajan, as her husband, would have shared with her the details of
these transactions given the extent of the exposure they carried with them and
the financial problems he was facing at that time (the Judgment at [42]–[44]).
He bolstered this conclusion by the fact that the LOD and notice of the Caveat
would have been sent to the Property (the Judgment at [32]–[34]).

14 This might all make sense if we were to assume that Rajan had discussed the
furnishing of the additional security with the appellant who then agreed to go
along with the Deed. But the appellant’s case is that she was never told about
this and if it was Rajan who forged her signature then it would be entirely
consistent with this that he would have taken steps to avoid letting her know
about these matters even to the extent of concealing related correspondence
from her. In any case, she is also correct to note that the marital
relationship is a textured one with its own nuances and complexities
especially where the interests of the husband and the wife are not always
aligned. This potentially explains why she had filed a police report alleging
forgery and yet not followed up on it and more crucially, why she had not
called her husband as a witness, a point to which we will return later. There
is a further point in this regard: aside from the Deed, the appellant had no
personal liability for Tecnomic’s debts and her interest in the Property was
not encumbered by Tecnomic’s liabilities.

15 Second, the analysis below was not only premised on Rajan’s intention for
the Deed to bind but also on the premise that the appellant shared this
intention. We are unable to see why this would ever have been the case. It
would not be an overstatement to say that Tecnomic and Rajan were in desperate
financial straits by the end of 2013. As we have noted at [6] above, winding-
up proceedings had already been commenced against Tecnomic on 20 December 2013
on the basis of a statutory demand for a sum in excess of $59m and the
application was advertised in major newspapers and in the electronic edition
of the Government Gazette on 31 December 2013. By way of an affidavit dated 6
January 2014, Rajan had already admitted Tecnomic’s liability in the sum of
$21.1m and indicated that Tecnomic would not be challenging the winding-up
application as neither it nor he was able to make repayment. It was therefore
apparent that the order for Tecnomic to be wound up would be granted at the
hearing of 10 January 2014, and indeed it was, several hours before the
appellant allegedly signed the Deed.

16 This brings us to the inherent probabilities of the case advanced by each
party. The short point is this: the Deed had the effect of giving the
respondent security over the Property which it did not previously have. This
was to secure Tecnomic’s liabilities under the Banking Facilities. By the time
the Deed was allegedly signed, Tecnomic had already been wound up. In those
circumstances, the effect of the Deed was to give the respondent a security
interest it did not previously have and to oblige the appellant personally to
undertake Tecnomic’s liabilities. This transaction might have made sense if
the rescue of Tecnomic was still viable, even if it was already distressed.
But once it had been wound up, the sole effect of the Deed was to make the
appellant jointly answerable for Tecnomic’s debts, a liability she had not
taken on at any point until then; and to give the respondent a security
interest in the appellant’s home.

17 The respondent takes the position that this is indeed the case, but
provided no explanation as to why this would be so. With Tecnomic wound up and
Rajan facing an inevitable tide of claims, there was no conceivable incentive
for the appellant to have entered into the Deed. The respondent’s case is that
the Appellant knew the full extent of Tecnomic’s and Rajan’s indebtedness but
yet agreed to undertake such onerous obligations for no tangible benefit. In
our judgment, that is wholly implausible. This is a factor that must feature
in the analysis of the evidence as a whole in circumstances such as the
present where the appellant denies signing the Deed and that is the central
issue of fact. Beyond this, it also bears on the possibility of undue
influence being found as in the case of Royal Bank of Scotland v Etridge (No
2) [2002] 2 AC 773 (“Etridge”). The respondent’s conduct in obtaining the Deed
without even seeing the appellant is shocking and reprehensible though we
leave this to one side for the moment.

The failure to call Rajan as a witness

18 We turn to the second of the three planks we identified at [7] above. The
Judge held at [74]–[75] of the Judgment that the appellant’s failure to call
Rajan warranted the drawing of an adverse inference under s 116(g) of the Act.
This rested on his view that “Rajan’s evidence could have been produced and if
produced would have been unfavourable to the [appellant]”. The relevant parts
of s 116 read:

116. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of the particular case.

Illustrations

The court may presume —

…

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

…

But the court shall also have regard to such facts as the following in
considering whether such maxims do or do not apply to the particular case
before it:

…

as to illustration (g)—a man refuses to produce a document which would bear on
a contract of small importance on which he is sued, but which might also
injure the feeling and reputation of his family …

19 Illustration (g) of s 116 allows the court to draw an adverse inference as
to any fact flowing from the nature of the evidence that would likely have
emerged if evidence that could and should have been produced by a party is not
so produced. As with most presumptions, this too must be applied having regard
to whether, considering all the circumstances, it may properly be relied on or
whether it has been displaced for some reason. The rationale for this
presumption is one of “plain common sense”: the natural inference from a
party’s failure to produce evidence which would elucidate a matter is that the
party fears that the evidence would be unfavourable to it (see Jones v Dunkel
and another (1958-1959) 101 CLR 298 at 320-321).

20 The drawing of an adverse inference must therefore in the final analysis
depend on the circumstances of each case, and it is not the position that in
every situation in which a party fails to call a witness or give evidence, an
adverse inference must be drawn against that party: see Ratanlal Ranchhoddas &
Dhirajlal Keshavlal Thakore, Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Law of Evidence
(Wadhwa and Company Nagpur, 22nd Ed, 2006) at 1238. With specific regard to
absent witnesses, broad principles governing the drawing of an adverse
inference were set out in Wisniewski v Central Manchester Health Authority
[1998] PIQR P324 (“Wisniewski”) and these principles were later endorsed by
this court in Thio Keng Poon v Thio Syn Pyn and others and another appeal
[2010] 3 SLR 143 at [43]. They may be summarised as follows:

(a) In certain circumstances the court may be entitled to draw adverse
inferences from the absence or silence of a witness who might be expected to
have material evidence to give on an issue in the matter before it.

(b) If the court is willing to draw such inferences, these may go to
strengthen the evidence adduced on that issue by the other party or to weaken
the evidence, if any, adduced by the party who might reasonably have been
expected to call the witness.

(c) There must, however, have been some evidence, even if weak, which was
adduced by the party seeking to draw the inference, on the issue in question,
before the court would be entitled to draw the desired inference: in other
words, there must be a case to answer on that issue which is then strengthened
by the drawing of the inference.

(d) If the reason for the witness’s absence or silence can be explained to the
satisfaction of the court, then no adverse inference may be drawn. If, on the
other hand, a reasonable and credible explanation is given, even if it is not
wholly satisfactory, the potentially detrimental effect of his/her absence or
silence may be reduced or annulled.

21 As noted in Wisniewski, one situation where the presumption that underlies
the drawing of an adverse inference should not be held to apply is where the
failure to produce evidence is reasonably attributable to reasons other than
the merits of the case or the issue in question: see Jeffrey Pinsler, Evidence
and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) (“Pinsler on Evidence”)
at para 12.068 and [20(d)] above. In this regard, it is true that before the
Judge, the appellant ran the case that her signature on the Deed had not been
forged by Rajan. It is also true that we too find this unpersuasive. But as we
have noted at [12] above, the appellant’s case at trial on this issue might be
viewed differently if regard were had to the nuances that inhere in the
marital relationship.

22 The appellant’s case is that she did not sign the Deed. One starts from the
premise that she would have been expected to call her husband assuming he knew
she did not sign the Deed. On the basis of the present facts, as noted at [12]
above, if the appellant in truth had not signed the Deed, the only person who
would realistically have forged her signature would have been Rajan. This then
becomes of considerable significance. This is so because it seems very likely
that Rajan’s evidence, if adduced, could well have been unfavourable to
himself had it emerged that he had committed the forgery since that would
expose him to criminal liability. We think that the invidious position the
appellant was placed in – essentially to require her husband to incriminate
himself in order to absolve herself of civil liability – affords a sufficient
explanation for the appellant’s failure to call Rajan so as to prevent the
drawing of an adverse inference against her.

23 This is sufficient on this aspect of the Judge’s reasoning. However, we
also observe that even if the appellant were reasonably expected to have
called Rajan, the court would still not have been able to draw the inference
that his evidence would have been that the appellant did sign the deed, since
it is clear that he was not present when the appellant allegedly signed the
Deed. While the inference to be drawn is not necessarily confined to the
undisclosed evidence (see [32] below), s 116(g) does not afford the court the
opportunity to speculate as to what the evidence may be without some basis for
the drawing of the inference which the opposing party seeks to persuade the
court to draw. That is, the court must put its mind to the manner in which the
evidence that is not produced is said to be unfavourable when drawing the
adverse inference under s 116(g).

24 In Flack v Chairperson, National Crime Authority and another (1997) 150 ALR
153 (“Flack”), the National Crime Authority (“NCA”) executed a search warrant
on the premises of the applicant. The applicant was the sole tenant but her
son would visit her twice a week and also held a key to the premises. During
the search, the NCA found a bag containing $433,000, which it took away.
However, no action was taken by the NCA in respect of the bag. The applicant
disclaimed any knowledge of the bag when asked at the search, but later
asserted a claim to the bag on the basis that she had the right to its
possession. She nevertheless declined to give evidence at the trial, and it
was submitted that not only should the court conclude that any evidence she
would have given would not have supported the case, but that any inference
favourable to her should not be drawn. Hill J rejected the latter submission,
stating at 164:

There is nothing in Jones v Dunkel, or for that matter the numerous cases
which have followed or applied it, which supports so wide a proposition. It
may well be the case that, where two inferences are equally open, one
favourable and one unfavourable, and the evidence of the witness might confirm
one inference, the failure of that witness to give evidence would lead to the
conclusion that the other inference should be drawn. That may follow from the
proposition that it can be assumed that the evidence of the witness who fails
to give evidence would not support the witness’ case. But except in a case
where the inferences are equally open, each case will involve the court
weighing up all the relevant evidence to determine whether an inference should
be drawn. Put another way, I do not think that … where there are competing
inferences one inference will, in all cases, of necessity have to be accepted
by the court where the inference to be drawn does not depend upon evidence
which the non-participating witness might give, or even where it might, if
other evidence justifies the drawing of the inference. [emphasis added]

25 We note that notwithstanding the allusion to the possibility of Rajan
having forged her signature (see [12] above), the position taken by the
appellant in this appeal is that she did not know who forged her signature and
that she did not sign the Deed. On this case, Rajan’s evidence could only have
been unfavourable to the extent he might have testified that he had not forged
the deed and as Flack suggests, the adverse inference that can be drawn from
the appellant’s failure to call Rajan should be similarly circumscribed. While
this may have damaged the appellant’s case in discrediting what seems to us to
be the only plausible alternative case theory, there is no basis for an
adverse inference that Rajan’s evidence would have gone directly to whether
she did in fact sign the Deed, a matter which would still remain to be proven
by the respondent.

26 As for the appellant’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the respondent for its failure to call Mr Cheo’s secretaries, we think
this does not warrant the drawing of an adverse inference. In Buksh v Miles
296 DLR (4th) 608 at [30], the British Columbia Court of Appeal noted the link
between the drawing of an adverse inference from the failure to call a witness
and the best evidence rule, and endorsed the proposition that “the inference
cannot fairly be drawn except from the non-production of witnesses whose
testimony would be superior in respect to the fact to be proved”. Having
called Mr Cheo to provide direct evidence as to the alleged signing of the
Deed by the appellant, we see no reason why the respondent would have been
obliged to call on his secretaries, who only assisted in arranging for the
signing and who wrote the date and names of Rajan and the appellant on the
Deed, but did not themselves witness the signing of the Deed.

Mr Cheo’s evidence

27 We turn to the third plank underlying the Judge’s decision and it is the
strongest evidence in the respondent’s favour, namely the testimony of Mr
Cheo, who had been subpoenaed. Mr Cheo’s evidence was that his office was
situated along the same corridor as Tecnomic’s office and that from about
2010, Tecnomic’s employees, including Rajan himself, would occasionally
request him to witness the execution of documents. Sometime in December 2013,
Rajan had alluded to the financial difficulties of Tecnomic and asked if Mr
Cheo could witness the signing of the Deed. Mr Cheo took the cue and agreed to
do so without payment. However, it was not until days before 10 January 2014
that he was contacted by Rajan, and arrangements were made for Rajan and the
appellant to come to his office for him to witness their execution of the
Deed. However, when Rajan showed up on the morning of 10 January 2014, he came
alone and informed Mr Cheo that the appellant would be coming in the afternoon
instead. According to Mr Cheo, the appellant turned up at his office in the
afternoon of 10 January 2014 and her execution of the Deed was only witnessed
then, separately from Rajan’s execution of the documents.

28 The cross-examination of Mr Cheo by counsel for the appellant was
unremarkable, perhaps unsurprisingly so. This was because there was little to
contradict his evidence aside from the testimony of the appellant. As noted at
[50] of the Judgment, Mr Cheo was cross-examined on certain aspects of the
Deed which suggested that he may not actually have witnessed the appellant
signing it. For instance, the date “10 January 2014” was found to have been
stamped on one copy of the Deed but handwritten on the other, and the
signatures on the respective copies appeared to differ in colour and tone.
These suggested, contrary to the evidence of Mr Cheo, that the documents may
not have been executed contemporaneously. On this, we agree with the Judge
that such aberrations, while probative of forgery, are not by themselves
sufficient to impugn the credibility of Mr Cheo. We also find no merit in the
appellant’s submissions in respect of Mr Cheo’s failure to advise the
appellant as to the extent of her liability under the Deed and to keep
attendance notes of his meeting with the appellant. Mr Cheo was only there to
witness the signature of the appellant. He had not been engaged to act on the
appellant’s behalf or to advise her. The extent of his obligation was to
ensure that the document was in fact signed by the person who was named as the
signatory and that it appeared to be done of his or her free will. It
therefore cannot seriously be contended that he was under a duty to advise the
appellant on the contents of the Deed.

29 Aside from the evidence of Mr Cheo, the respondent also led the evidence of
Mr Heng, the Deputy General Manager, Operations of the respondent, but in
truth there was really nothing that he could offer which might add to Mr
Cheo’s evidence or to the respondent’s case in general. He was not the
relationship manager in charge of Tecnomic’s account and while he claimed to
have personal knowledge of this matter by reason of his participation in the
respondent’s credit and debt recovery committees, his evidence fell well short
in many areas. Crucially, he had no personal knowledge of anything pertaining
either to the Original Copies that had been submitted without being witnessed
on 3 January 2014, or to the execution of the Deed; he could not say whether
the signatures of the appellant, Rajan and/or Pillai were there when the
Original Copies were first submitted to the respondent on 3 January 2014; or
whether the executed copies of the Deed were in fact the same as the Original
Copies save with the addition of Mr Cheo’s signature. Mr Christopher Sim, who
had been Rajan’s relationship manager and who would have knowledge of these
matters, was no longer in the employment of the respondent by the time the
matter was heard and was not called as a witness. During the course of Mr
Heng’s cross-examination, it came to light that much of his evidence was in
fact based on a call report (variously referred to by Mr Heng as the “call
report file”, “the records” and “call report”) which had apparently been
prepared by Mr Sim, but which was never disclosed by the respondents. For
completeness we mention that from his evidence, the record(s) in question
seemed to cover the events which transpired on both 3 and 10 January 2014,
though not having seen the document(s), we decline to make an affirmative
finding to this effect.

30 In our judgment, the respondent’s failure to call Mr Sim as a witness made
it even more unsatisfactory that the call report, which was a critical piece
of evidence, was not produced by the respondent. As a result, there was no
available evidence that was directly probative of what transpired between Mr
Sim and Rajan on 3 or 10 January 2014. Mr Heng’s evidence was largely a
second-hand account of what had transpired between them and to that extent, it
was inadmissible hearsay. While he was able to give evidence as to the
commercial arrangements between the parties, such as the grant of the banking
facilities to Tecnomic, it was clear from the outset that that was not the
issue in dispute. The appellant’s defence has always been that her signature
on the Deed had been forged, and the Original Copies and the circumstances
surrounding its rejection by the respondent are therefore vital issues on
which all relevant evidence ought to have been disclosed.

31 The call report, as counsel for the respondent rightly conceded, falls
within this category. Not only would the call report have contained the
details of the telephone communications between Mr Sim and Rajan, it could
have indicated whether copies had been made of the Original Copies and indeed,
whether the Original Copies had been returned at all to Rajan as Mr Heng
claimed (with or without copies being made by the respondent). It may also
have indicated the time and the circumstances in which the Deed was given to
the respondent on 10 January 2014. This is of particular relevance since Mr
Cheo’s evidence was that the appellant had signed the Deed in the later part
of the afternoon of 10 January 2014. This would have left little time for the
Deed to be sent to the respondent by the end of the business day, as one would
ordinarily expect, especially if it had to be first handed to Rajan, who was
not with the appellant. Mr Heng, however, could not confirm whether the Deed
had been given to the respondent in the morning or the afternoon though he
seemed to think it was delivered to the respondent at some time on that day.
Further, the copies or originals of the Original Copies, if annexed to the
call report, could have formed the basis for comparison with the executed
copies of the Deed. Despite all this, no reason was proffered as to why the
call report was not produced.

32 Aside from the unsatisfactory state of the discovery offered by the
respondent, the call report as a contemporaneous record of the discussion(s)
and interaction(s) between Mr Sim and Rajan in relation to the Original Copies
and possibly also the signed copy of the Deed would have been documentary
evidence that unquestionably should have been but was not produced. This gives
rise to an adverse inference being drawn under s 116(g) against the respondent
that the call report, if produced, would have been unfavourable to the
respondent. As to how the inference should be given effect, in our judgment,
the omission by the respondent to produce the call report had a seriously
detrimental impact on the weight to be accorded to Mr Cheo’s evidence. As set
out above (at [20(b)]), the drawing of an adverse inference is not confined to
inferences drawn in respect of the undisclosed evidence, but could extend to
the court’s evaluation of any other evidence tendered. In O’Donnel v Reichard
[1975] VR 916 at 929, the Supreme Court of Victoria held:

… [I]n our opinion for the purposes of the present case the law may be stated
to be that where a party without explanation fails to call as a witness a
person whom he might reasonably be expected to call, if that person's evidence
would be favourable to him, then, although the jury may not treat as evidence
what they may as a matter of speculation think that that person would have
said if he had been called as a witness, nevertheless it is open to the jury
to infer that that person's evidence would not have helped that party's case;
if the jury draw that inference, then they may properly take it into account
against the party in question for two purposes, namely: (a) in deciding
whether to accept any particular evidence, which has in fact been given,
either for or against that party, and which relates to a matter with respect
to which the person not called as a witness could have spoken; and (b) in
deciding whether to draw inferences of fact, which are open to them upon
evidence which has been given, again in relation to matters with respect to
which the person not called as a witness could have spoken. [original emphasis
omitted; emphasis added in italics]

33 In the present appeal, we consider that the respondent’s failure to produce
the call report invites a reassessment of Mr Cheo’s evidence. We also find it
helpful in this context to draw an analogy with the “right and opportunity to
cross-examine” under s 33(b) of the Evidence Act and conclude that the
appellant was materially impaired in her ability to cross-examine Mr Cheo
because she did not have the call report. We considered the scope of s 33(b)
in Teo Wai Cheong v Crédit Industriel et Commercial and another appeal [2013]
3 SLR 573 (“Teo Wai Cheong”). Section 33 reads as follows:

Relevancy of certain evidence for proving in subsequent proceeding the truth
of facts therein stated

33. Evidence given by a witness in a judicial proceeding, or before any person authorised by law to take it, is relevant for the purpose of proving in a subsequent judicial proceeding, or in a later stage of the same judicial proceeding, the truth of the facts which it states, when the witness is dead or cannot be found or is incapable of giving evidence, or is kept out of the way by the adverse party, or if his presence cannot be obtained without an amount of delay or expense which under the circumstances of the case the court considers unreasonable subject to the following provisions:

(a) the proceeding was between the same parties or their representatives in
interest;

(b) the adverse party in the first proceeding had the right and opportunity to
cross-examine; and

(c) the questions in issue were substantially the same in the first as in the
second proceeding.

Explanation.—A criminal trial or inquiry shall be deemed to be a proceeding
between the prosecutor and the accused within the meaning of this section.

34 In Teo Wai Cheong, the respondent bank sued for sums outstanding under
accumulators that had been booked in the appellant’s account. The key issue in
that case was whether the appellant had authorised the respondent’s
relationship manager (“the RM”) to enter into the accumulators. On appeal, we
had ordered a retrial on the ground that the respondent had failed to disclose
certain documents, including those that related to correspondence between the
RM and the appellant, which appeared to be relevant to the key issue. During
the retrial, the respondent sought leave to admit the RM’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief under s 33 of the Evidence Act on the basis that she was no
longer employed by the respondent and could no longer be found. We rejected
the application, holding that the appellant’s “right and opportunity to cross-
examine” the former employee under the second proviso of s 33 was materially
impaired by the non-disclosure of the relevant documents. This was because
much of the newly-disclosed evidence was potentially prejudicial to the
respondent’s case and could have been used to undermine the RM’s testimony. As
we explained at [34] of Teo Wai Cheong, this right consists more than just the
physical act and opportunity of questioning the witness, but extends to the
right to do so unimpeded by any act or omission on the part of the opposing
party:

… The “right and opportunity to cross-examine” must refer to more than just
the process of cross-examination having been available at the earlier
proceedings. Even if there had been a physical opportunity to cross-examine
the witness, if for some reason that opportunity was in fact materially
impaired, then it cannot be said to have in fact existed for the purpose of
satisfying this proviso to s 33. The right and opportunity to cross-examine
must have been an effective one because it serves the crucial function of
affording the party against whom hearsay evidence is sought to be used the
security he would otherwise have had but for the fact that the witness cannot
now be found (see above at [25]). Such security must be real and not illusory.
This is also borne out by the other provisos which taken together establish
that the previous opportunity to cross examine the witness must in essence
have been on a similar substantive footing as would have been the case if the
witness had in fact been present in the later proceedings.

35 The effect of the deprivation of an opportunity to cross-examine a witness
on an undisclosed document has also been considered by the Supreme Court of
the United Kingdom, albeit in the context of the Prosecution’s failure to
disclose material evidence that it held. In Nat Gordon Fraser v Her Majesty’s
Advocate 2011 SCCR 396 (“Fraser”), the appellant had been convicted of the
murder of his wife, who had disappeared from her home. A critical piece of
evidence that had led to his conviction was the discovery of the victim’s
wedding ring, engagement ring and eternity ring in her bathroom more than a
week after her disappearance. The Prosecution’s case was that the rings were
not in the bathroom at the time of the victim’s disappearance, and had been
subsequently removed from her body and placed in the bathroom by the appellant
in order to give the appearance that she had simply chosen to leave her life
behind. Subsequent to the filing of the appeal, it came to the notice of the
Crown Office that two police constables, who had visited the victim’s house on
the night of her disappearance and the morning after, recalled seeing
jewellery in the bathroom during those visits. The Supreme Court held this
undisclosed information could have materially weakened the prosecution’s case
or materially strengthened the case for the defence and, having satisfied
itself that there was a real possibility that the jury could have arrived at a
different verdict, allowed the appeal: Fraser at [35] and [40]. Pertinently,
one of the ways in which the undisclosed information was considered possibly
to have affected the respective cases for the prosecution and the defence was
the fact that “disclosure of this material before or during the trial would
have opened up lines of cross-examination that were never pursued by the
defence”: Fraser at [34].

36 Similarly, in Alvin Lee Sinclair v Her Majesty’s Advocate 2005 SCCR 446
(“Sinclair”), the conviction of the appellant was quashed due to the
prosecution’s failure to disclose certain eyewitness statements. The appellant
had been convicted of assault based on the evidence of the victim and an
eyewitness, who testified to seeing the appellant strike the victim with a
hammer and a pair of scissors. However, the eyewitness had stated in her
signed statements to the police that she only witnessed an assault with
scissors and had only known of the victim’s assault by a hammer after being
told by the victim. The eyewitness’ statements to the police were not
disclosed to the appellant, and the Privy Council, hearing the appeal from the
Scottish High Court of Justiciary, held that the defence had been prejudiced.
Lord Rodger of Earlsferry noted at [43]:

If the appellant's solicitor advocate had had a copy of that statement, he
would have been able to use it to considerable effect in challenging the
reliability, and perhaps also the credibility, of [the eyewitness’] evidence
that she had seen the appellant hitting the complainer with the hammer. That
would in turn have provided a platform for challenging her evidence as a
whole. Therefore the conduct of the appellant's defence was materially
affected by the fact that his solicitor advocate did not have access to this
statement when cross-examining [the eyewitness].

37 The present appeal does not concern the admissibility of evidence given in
earlier judicial proceedings or the setting aside of a criminal conviction.
But in our judgment, the underlying principle, which is consistent also with
the rule as to the effects of drawing an adverse inference, is sufficiently
broad to warrant an appellate court re-evaluating the evidence upon learning
of the non-disclosure of material documents that ought to have been disclosed
by one party, and which if disclosed, could have materially affected the
cross-examination of an important witness. This stems from the importance of a
party’s discovery obligations, a point we touched on in Teo Wai Cheong at
[41], as well as from the primacy of the role of cross-examination in an
adversarial system such as ours. As noted at para 20.001 of Pinsler on
Evidence:

The adversarial process is not merely a matter of the parties producing
evidence in the hope that it will be sufficiently persuasive to justify a
favourable decision. For the court to come to a just decision, it is not
enough to compare what each side has to offer. Evidence must be examined
against the background of other facts or circumstances in the case to
determine its reliability. Reliability can only be assessed if the parties are
able to challenge each other’s evidence so that weaknesses may be exposed.
They need to cross their own boundaries and move into each other’s territory
to effect such a challenge. In this respect, one of the primary aims of cross-
examination is to expose the evidence-in-chief of a witness, whether adduced
through oral examination in court or his affidavit, by scrutinising the
testimony with a view to weakening or neutralising its effect. Cross-
examination has a fundamental role in ascertaining the truth of facts. …
[emphasis added]

38 The short point in the present context is that because the call report was
not disclosed (along with any other documents that may have arisen upon
disclosure of the call report), the appellant did not have the opportunity to
meaningfully challenge Mr Cheo’s evidence on behalf of the respondent and it
was therefore not possible to assess the reliability of that evidence. The
effect of the respondent’s failure to disclose the call report may have been
ameliorated had it called Mr Sim as a witness, but as we have highlighted
above, it did not do so. During the hearing, Mr Chua Beng Chye, who appeared
for the respondent told us, in response to our question that he had not,
himself, up to that moment seen the call report.

39 Given the relevance of the call report and the evidence of Mr Sim, it would
have been open to us to exercise our powers under s 37(4) of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) to order their production and a re-
trial as we did in Teo Wai Cheong v Crédit Industriel et Commercial and
another appeal [2011] SGCA 13. However, we accept the appellant’s submission
that this is not the occasion for us to do so. The respondent ought not be
given a chance to remedy the omission of the call report from discovery
because there is no evidence that the respondent had been operating under a
misapprehension as to the relevance or admissibility of the call report,
especially since that was the basis upon which the ultimately inadmissible
evidence of Mr Heng was based. Had the respondent called Mr Sim as a witness
at the trial in the belief that his evidence would be sufficient to establish
what happened on 10 January 2014, we imagine it would have been inevitable
that the call report would have been disclosed; but whether or not that would
have been so, the appellant would at least have had some opportunity to cross-
examine Mr Sim about what transpired on 10 January 2014. Moreover, as we have
noted, Mr Chua was not apprised of the contents of the call report even at the
time he appeared before us. The respondent was represented by counsel
throughout these proceedings and it must be taken to have been aware that the
evidence of Mr Heng was ultimately inadmissible on and irrelevant to the
central factual issue in the case. It must also be taken to be aware that the
events of the day on which Original Copies had been submitted and also the day
on which the Deed was allegedly signed would be of central importance and that
any written evidence bearing on this had to be disclosed. They chose in effect
to rest their case on the testimony of Mr Cheo, but on terms that denied the
appellant a fair opportunity to test and challenge that evidence. Mr Cheo’s
evidence must therefore be reassessed in this light.

The expert evidence

40 We turn to the principal evidence adduced by the appellant, namely Mr Yap’s
evidence, much of which was elicited during cross-examination and which the
Judge in the event largely rejected for reasons that are set out at [58]–[63]
of the Judgment. Mr Yap’s expert report was based on a comparison between the
purported signatures of the appellant on the signed copies of the Deed and 10
other exhibits with her signature. The sole paragraph on his analysis and
findings reads:

On examination, I found the specimen signatures in “S1” to “S10” to show
consistency in stroke fluency and pen pressure with a fair range of natural
variation in respect of the formation and relative positioning of strokes
among them. (Please see the Comparison Chart attached). On comparing the
specimen signature with the corresponding portion ‘Sudha’ of the two
questioned signatures in “Q1” and “Q2”, I noted significant differences in the
stroke fluency, pen pressure, slant and the formation and relative positioning
of letters between them. (Please see the same Comparison Chart attached.) In
view of the evidence, I am of the opinion that it is unlikely that the writer
of the specimen signatures in “S1” to “S10” wrote the two questioned
signatures respectively in “Q1” and “Q2”.

The report was brief and perhaps for this reason, the respondent submits that
it “lacks thoroughness and depth”. However, Mr Yap’s further evidence,
elicited through cross-examination, was far more elaborate.

The standard and burden of proof

41 We begin with the standard of proof required to establish forgery.
Reference was made in the court below to the decision of this court in
Yogambikai Nagarajah v Indian Overseas Bank and another appeal [1996] 2 SLR(R)
774 (“Yogambikai”) as standing for the proposition that the “bar to proving
forgery is high”: the Judgment at [56]. To the extent it is suggested that the
burden of proof is more onerous than the ordinary civil standard where
allegations of fraud or forgery are involved, this was settled in Alwie
Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308
(“Alwie Handoyo”) at [159], where we unequivocally rejected the suggestion
that there is a third legal burden of proof straddling the civil and criminal
burdens; and where we endorsed the proposition set out in Chua Kwee Chen v Koh
Choon Chin [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469 at [39] that insofar as proof of fraud or
forgery is concerned, the distinction lies in the sphere of practical
application rather than in the legal standard of proof.

42 In respect of where the burden of proof lies, it is plain that the legal
burden to prove an allegation lies on the party making the assertion: Alwie
Handoyo at [157]. But this is sometimes more easily expressed than it is
applied. Clearly, it falls on the appellant to prove the alleged forgery of
her signature. But it is the respondent that brings the action asserting that
the appellant is bound by the Deed and so it remains for the respondent to
discharge its burden of proving that the appellant had in fact signed the
Deed. In Seng Swee Leng v Wong Chong Weng [2011] SGCA 64, the appellant sought
specific performance of a sale and purchase agreement that the respondent
claimed he had not signed. This court noted at [33] the numerous deficiencies
in the respondent’s case, but was at pains to emphasise that the legal burden
remained with the appellant to prove that the respondent had signed the
option.

43 In the present case, it is obvious that the signatures on the signed copies
of the Deed bear little resemblance to the specimen signatures in the exhibits
provided to Mr Yap. These signatures are reproduced at [53] of the Judgment
and as the Judge acknowledged at [59] of the Judgment, the purported
signatures of the appellant in the Deed are noticeably different from those
found in the exhibits; among other things, they do not include the appellant’s
maiden name and are sloped at an incline. The comparison exhibits come from
sources that span a period of more than ten years, and include her signature
on her Indian passport issued on 3 January 2002, her Singapore passport issued
on 2 January 2008, and invoices and correspondence with the State Bank of
India and various other individuals. There is no doubt, and it is not
contended otherwise, that the signatures in those exhibits are genuinely those
of the appellant. There is no evidence that the appellant has a second
signature, let alone one which resembles that in the Deed.

Handwriting analysis

44 We turn to the Judge’s reasons for dismissing the evidence of Mr Yap. His
starting point was the observation of this court in R Mahendran and another v
R Arumuganathan [1999] 2 SLR(R) 166 (“Mahendran”) at [16], that “opinions of
handwriting experts in particular should be approached with extreme caution
and relied on to decide an issue of this importance only in the absence of
other credible evidence” [emphasis added] (see the Judgment at [57]). While we
appreciate that handwriting analysis that is conducted to determine the
identity of its author or its genuineness may lack the precision and certainty
of other forensic sciences, there is no bar to the admissibility of evidence
of this nature. We observe that prior to the Evidence (Amendment) Act 2012 (No
4 of 2012), s 47(1) of the Act expressly recognised handwriting analysis as an
area in which expert evidence could be given:

Opinions of experts

47.—(1) When the court has to form an opinion upon a point of foreign law or
of science or art, or as to the identity or genuineness of handwriting or
finger impressions, the opinions upon that point of persons specially skilled
in such foreign law, science or art, or in questions as to the identity or
genuineness of handwriting or finger impressions, are relevant facts.

45 Section 47 of the Act, as it currently stands, eschews the categorisation
approach. Nevertheless, those categories set out in the former s 47(1) of the
Act fall within the ambit of “scientific, technical or other specialised
knowledge” under the present s 47(1) of the Act: Pinsler on Evidence at para
8.018. Handwriting analysis may therefore be probative of the facts in issue.
Ultimately, like all other forms of evidence, the probative value of the
opinion of an expert is to be assessed and weighed against contradictory
evidence. Like the courts in many other jurisdictions, our courts have
continued to rely on handwriting experts in cases from time to time and
indeed, the evidence of Mr Yap himself was that he had testified in the High
Court as well as the lower courts on more than 95 occasions.

46 In our judgment, it is significant that the expert opinion of Mr Yap was
unchallenged by countervailing evidence from other experts. The respondent
elected not to call an expert to testify on its behalf. This did not mean that
the Judge was obliged to accept the evidence of Mr Yap but as we held in
Saeng-Un Udom v Public Prosecutor [2001] 2 SLR(R) 1 (“Saeng-Un Udom”) at [26]
(citing Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 10 (Butterworths, 2000) at para
120.257), the court should be slow to reject expert evidence which is
unopposed:

… The court should not, when confronted with expert evidence which is
unopposed and appears not to be obviously lacking in defensibility, reject it
nevertheless and prefer to draw its own inferences. While the court is not
obliged to accept expert evidence by reason only that it is unchallenged (Sek
Kim Wah v PP [1987] SLR 107), if the court finds that the evidence is based on
sound grounds and supported by the basic facts, it can do little else than to
accept the evidence. [original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

47 Saeng-Un Udom was applied in the context of handwriting analysis in Mohd
Ghalib s/o Sadruddin v Public Prosecutor [2002] 2 SLR(R) 809. Yong Pung How CJ
held at [16] that the trial judge was correct to have accepted the evidence of
Mr Yap (who also testified there) notwithstanding that document examination
was not an exact science and particularly given that no contrary evidence had
been led. In this case, Mr Yap’s evidence in the hearing below was rational
and internally consistent. His conclusions were based not only on a visual
comparison of the signatures, but also on his findings as to the consistency
of stroke fluency, pen pressure and the natural variation in the formation and
positioning of strokes. His conclusions were explained in the course of cross-
examination and he concluded that beyond the patent dissimilarity between the
samples and the signatures that were found on the Deed, he was satisfied that
these signatures were made by different persons. Specifically, he concluded
that there were differences in the pressure that was applied in specific
strokes and parts of the reference signatures such that he was satisfied that
the signatures on the Deed were made by someone other than the appellant. He
maintained this view even when it was suggested to him that perhaps the
appellant had deliberately signed the Deed in a way that was dissimilar to her
normal signature, explaining that were this the case, he would have expected
to find some points of similarity whereas there were none.

48 The Judge acknowledged at [60] of the Judgment, that to accept Mr Cheo’s
evidence would be to find that the appellant had not only signed the Deed but
had deliberately done so in a manner that departed from her usual signature.
This gives rise to several points of difficulty. First, it faces the same
hurdles that the Judge raised at [64]–[65] of the Judgment: why would the
appellant have intentionally signed the Deed in a manner which barely
resembled her actual signature? The Judge alluded to the possibility that she
had done so in order to be able to raise the defence of forgery when the
matter came to trial. This would not only have required remarkable forethought
but as the appellant points out, the possibility that she had practised what
is known as “auto-forgery” with a view to later disavowing the Deed had never
been pleaded and was not suggested by the respondent to the appellant during
her cross-examination even though by then, the respondent already had Mr Yap’s
report. It was only raised by the respondent for the first time during Mr
Yap’s cross-examination, which came after the appellant had testified. This
engages the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67, the effect of which is that
“where a submission is going to be made about a witness or the evidence given
by the witness which is of such a nature and of such importance that it ought
fairly to have been put to the witness to give him the opportunity to meet
that submission, to counter it or to explain himself, then if it has not been
so put, the party concerned will not be allowed to make that submission”: Hong
Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 at
[42]. While we recognise that this is not a rule of inflexible application, in
our judgment the allegation of auto-forgery amounted in essence to an
assertion not only of fraud but of cheating in a criminal sense and it was of
such vital importance that it ought to have been put directly to the appellant
who should have been given the opportunity to address it. This was not done
and as a matter of fairness, the respondent ought not to be allowed to advance
this case now. This of course raises an immense difficulty for the respondent
given the patent dissimilarity between the signatures on the Deed and those
which are admittedly the appellant’s.

49 But beyond this, as we have noted above, Mr Yap testified that it would be
difficult for a person to conceal his or her natural style when attempting to
sign in a way that was different from his or her usual signature and he
concluded that on balance it was improbable that the appellant had done so.
The Judge rejected this evidence, concluding that it fell within the realm of
“neuromuscular programming or psychology”, which Mr Yap was not qualified to
opine on: the Judgment at [62]. We do not agree with this. Mr Yap’s evidence
in essence was that it was unlikely that the signatures in the Deed were
signed by the appellant because there would be traces of her usual signature
in the disguised signature. He was not saying that it would have been
physiologically or psychologically impossible for her to do so. In the final
analysis, Mr Yap’s evidence on this point turned on a comparison of the
signatures and this is an issue that Mr Yap is likely to have frequently
encountered in his role as an analyst with the HSA and in our judgment, it
falls squarely within his area of expertise. We also note that his conclusion
was not reached solely on the basis of the visible differences between the
signatures in the Deed and the specimen signatures but, having regard to the
consistencies (or lack of consistency) among the various features of the
different signatures.

50 The respondent submits that Mr Yap’s evidence was “ambivalent at best”
given that he could not categorically rule out the possibility that the
appellant had signed the Deed. Mr Yap was candid in cross-examination,
conceding that handwriting analysis was not an exact science and that there
was some degree of uncertainty that was inherent in the process. Mr Yap’s
evidence was that there were eight levels of certainty and his conclusion that
the signatures on the Deed were not the appellant’s was one he placed at the
second highest level of certainty. The only factor which prevented him from
drawing a conclusion at the highest level of certainty was the fact that the
sample signatures contained the appellant’s maiden name while the signatures
in the signed copies of the Deed did not. Even taking on board the intrinsic
lack of scientific precision that lies in the analysis of handwriting, we find
Mr Yap’s evidence is sufficiently within the realm of his expertise and his
evidence was probative of the issue before the court and ought not to have
been rejected. This was especially so given that no expert evidence was called
by the respondent to refute his evidence.

Conclusion

51 Weighing the evidence and assessing the parties’ respective cases in the
round, the position may be summarised as follows:

(a) The evidence of Mr Cheo which formed the main plank of the respondent’s
case withstood cross-examination but in our judgment, the weight to be
attributed to that evidence is much diminished. This is because of the adverse
inference drawn from the respondent’s failure to disclose the call report,
especially in the light of its failure to call Mr Sim without any explanation
even though Mr Sim had direct knowledge of the events of 3 and 10 January
2014, at least from the respondent’s perspective. Mr Heng, who was called to
testify on these matters, did so based entirely on the call report and had no
personal knowledge of what transpired on those days.

(b) The evidence of the appellant was weakened on several points in the course
of cross-examination but her central point, that she did not sign the Deed,
was not materially undermined. Moreover, it is manifestly clear that the
signatures on the Deed are not at all like the one she used in the ordinary
course. The only explanation for this, on the evidence as it stood, would be
that she deliberately altered her signature with a view to subsequently
disavowing it. But this was a serious allegation of fraud and of criminal
conduct that should have been but was not put to her by the respondent in the
course of her cross-examination and as a matter of fairness, it could not then
be advanced by the respondent as part of its case.

(c) Furthermore the evidence of the handwriting expert was that the signatures
on the Deed were probably not signed by the appellant. This evidence was not
undermined in the course of cross-examination. Nor did the respondent adduce
evidence from any other expert to contradict this conclusion.

(d) The hypothesis that the Deed was not signed by the appellant was far more
probable than the opposite hypothesis having regard to the surrounding
circumstances. These include, in particular, the fact that the appellant stood
to gain no personal benefit whatsoever from the Deed, which on the other hand
imposed onerous obligations on her by way of a covenant to pay the debts of
Tecnomic, a company that had already been wound up at the time the Original
Copies were signed. Indeed the order for its liquidation was made several
hours before the appellant allegedly signed the Deed.

52 In these circumstances, we are satisfied that the appeal should be allowed
because on a balance of probabilities, the evidence does not support the
finding that the appellant signed the Deed.

Extending Etridge to the law of evidence

53 Having allowed the appeal on the evidence alone, it becomes unnecessary for
us to consider the rest of the appellant’s arguments. We nevertheless touch on
them briefly given that they advance novel propositions of law that were the
subject of written and oral submissions by the parties.

54 The first of these arguments relies on the decision in Credit Lyonnais Bank
Nederland NV v Burch [1997] 1 All ER 144 (“Credit Lyonnais”), in which the
defendant, a junior employee of a company, agreed to her employer’s request to
grant a second charge over her flat and to guarantee without limit all debts
owed by the company to the plaintiff bank. Although the plaintiff bank had
taken steps to apprise the defendant of the unlimited nature of the guarantee
and advised her to obtain independent legal representation, she was never
properly informed of the extent of her liability under the guarantee and the
amount of the company’s indebtedness to the plaintiff, and did not obtain
independent legal representation. Lord Millet held at 152 that it was a
transaction that “shock[ed] the conscience of the court” and that “[n]o court
of equity could allow such a transaction to stand”. The appellant submits that
Credit Lyonnais is authority that a substantive doctrine of unconscionability
can apply in isolated and egregious circumstances such as those we find in
this appeal.

55 Nevertheless, a closer reading of Credit Lyonnais shows that it does not
stand for the proposition which the appellant seeks to advance. Rather, the
court in Credit Lyonnais held that there arose a presumption that the
defendant had been acting under the undue influence of her employer, a
presumption that was not rebutted given that she had not sought independent
legal advice. In our judgment, Credit Lyonnais is of no relevance to the
present case because the appellant’s pleaded case is not that she signed the
Deed under the undue influence of Rajan or a third party. More critically,
because the appellant’s case has always been that she did not sign the Deed,
rather than that she signed it in circumstances that would make it
unconscionable for the court to uphold the transaction, it might have been
inconsistent with her primary case if the appellant were to contend that the
Deed should be set aside on the basis of a broader doctrine of
unconscionability in the law of contract. Aside from this, it may also be
noted that this aspect of the law is still unsettled: see Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v
Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased)
and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [101]. There is (and given her primary case
that she never signed the document, could be) no evidence as to the
appellant’s state of mind or her financial literacy at the time of signing, or
whether she had in fact been taken advantage of by a party in a stronger
position. In the absence of such evidence, there is no basis in law for the
Deed to be set aside solely on the ground that it reveals a transaction that
is unconscionable.

56 The appellant’s next argument is that any doubts as to the authenticity of
her signature should be resolved in her favour because the respondent did not
adhere to industry norms in relation to surety and security obligations
undertaken by a wife. Some of these norms are set out in The Association of
Banks in Singapore’s Code of Consumer Banking Practice (“the Code”), which
operates as a best practice guide for retail banks in Singapore. Clause 6 of
the Code reads:

6\. Being a Guarantor

Being a guarantor is a serious commitment which could have significant
consequences for you. Some questions you should consider when asked to be a
guarantor can be found in Appendix III.

Note that:

i. the bank to which you will be giving the guarantee has to advise you in
writing of the quantum and nature of your liabilities in advance;

ii. you should seek independent legal advice before you agree to be a
guarantor.

57 It is plain, indeed indisputable, that cl 6 of the Code had not been
complied with by the respondent in the present case. No written advice was
dispensed by the respondent to the appellant in respect of her liabilities
under the Deed; nor was she told to obtain independent legal advice before she
purportedly signed the Deed and on either party’s case, it is not suggested
that she did get any such advice. In fact, none of the respondent’s officers
made any attempt to meet the appellant. The respondent instead tasked Rajan
with obtaining her signature on the Deed and was happy to accept it without
taking any reasonable steps to satisfy itself that the appellant had given
informed consent. While we accept that the appellant is well educated and not
wholly unfamiliar with commercial matters, the Deed was a fairly complex
financial instrument that imposed onerous obligations on the appellant without
any personal benefit to her. In these circumstances, the appellant’s
submission that she had been treated as a “mere appendage” to Rajan is not
without basis.

58 In Etridge, the defendant wives had charged their interests in their homes
in favour of banks as security for their husbands’ (or their companies’)
debts. They then sought to set aside those transactions on the ground that
they had agreed to the transactions under the undue influence of their
husbands. The House of Lords held that a bank wishing to uphold a transaction
involving a spouse that was sufficiently questionable as to put the bank on
inquiry, was obliged to take certain steps to ensure that the wife had made an
informed decision of her own volition. Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead held at
[46] that a bank is put on inquiry when a wife offers to stand as surety for
her husband’s debts. This is the case in this appeal. In such circumstances,
it falls on the bank to “take reasonable steps to satisfy itself that the wife
had had brought home to her, in a meaningful way, the practical implications
of the proposed transaction”: Etridge at [54]. The steps that the bank should
take in order to satisfy itself are set out in Etridge at [79] by Lord
Nicholls:

… I consider the bank should take steps to check directly with the wife the
name of the solicitor she wishes to act for her. To this end, in future the
bank should communicate directly with the wife, informing her that for its own
protection it will require written confirmation from a solicitor, acting for
her, to the effect that the solicitor has fully explained to her the nature of
the documents and the practical implications they will have for her. She
should be told that the purpose of this requirement is that thereafter she
should not be able to dispute she is legally bound by the documents once she
has signed them. She should be asked to nominate a solicitor whom she is
willing to instruct to advise her, separately from her husband, and act for
her in giving the necessary confirmation to the bank …

…

… If the bank is not willing to undertake the task of explanation itself, the
bank must provide the solicitor with the financial information he needs for
this purpose. Accordingly it should become routine practice for banks, if
relying on confirmation from a solicitor for their protection, to send to the
solicitor the necessary financial information. What is required must depend on
the facts of the case.

59 The foregoing passage was cited in Law Society of Singapore v Wan Hui Hong
James [2013] 3 SLR 221 at [16], albeit in the context of disciplinary
proceedings against errant advocates and solicitors. Nevertheless, it is clear
that the Court of Three Judges accepted that these are the steps that a bank
should take in what we refer to, for convenience, as an Etridge situation, and
this is a view that we too share.

60 However, the appellant did not plead, nor is it her case in this appeal,
that a presumption of undue influence had arisen which had not been rebutted
by the respondent, such that the Deed should be set aside. Had she done so on
the basis that on the case run by the respondent, the presumption of undue
inference would have been triggered, then perhaps she might have succeeded.
Without deciding the issue, since it is not necessary in the circumstances, it
seems to us that such an argument which rests on how the law views certain
transactions, might not have been inconsistent with the appellant’s case that
she never signed the Deed. In such a situation, because of how the law views
such transactions, it is incumbent on those seeking to enforce a transaction
to prove that they had done whatever was needed to purge the transaction of
any presumptive taint. But the appellant did not plead or run that case.
Instead, her argument before us seeks to transpose the substantive principle
of equity laid down in Etridge to the sphere of the law of evidence. Dr Tang
Hang Wu, who appeared for the appellant in the appeal ran the argument in this
way: because the respondent was put on inquiry given the nature of the Deed,
it ought to have taken the steps prescribed by Lord Nicholls in Etridge and
under cl 6 of the Code. The appellant would have come to know of the Deed once
she had been contacted by the respondent; but because the respondent had not
acted in accordance with its obligations, any ensuing evidential ambiguity
must be construed against the respondent. Further, Dr Tang submits that “it is
illogical for the bank to be in a better position when the wife’s signature
has been forged as compared to a situation where the husband exercised undue
influence over her to sign the guarantee”.

61 There is an intuitive appeal to the appellant’s submission. Viewed from an
equitable perspective, the argument is that an errant bank that has failed to
comply with its Etridge obligations would, with respect to a document that is
purportedly forged, not be subject to a presumption of undue influence whereas
it would have been if the innocent party, in this case the appellant, had only
contested the quality of the consent given and not the very fact of consent.
To put it another way, the errant bank is seemingly placed in a better
position where forgery is alleged because that allegation appears to take the
focus away from the bank’s own actions and whether it had discharged the
duties outlined in Etridge, so much so that the bank no longer has to face the
consequences of not having done so. Viewed from an evidential perspective, the
appellant says that this is merely an application of the Latin maxim omnia
praesumuntur contra spoliatorem (everything is presumed against the
wrongdoer), which is currently given effect under s 116(g). The wrongdoing in
this case would be the respondent’s breach of an obligation that is factually
intertwined with the evidential dispute that has arisen, in the sense that
there would have been no dispute as to the appellant’s knowledge of and
consent to the Deed had the respondent acted in accordance with its Etridge
obligations.

62 As it was not necessary for us to reach a conclusion on this point, the
observations that follow should be understood as provisional only and open to
review on a subsequent occasion. Despite its intuitive appeal, we have
reservations as to whether the appellant’s approach, which we consider would
be a significant departure from the law as it stands, can be justified. The
appellant cites In re Oatway; Hertslet v Oatway [1903] 2 Ch 356 (“Re Oatway”)
in support for its submission that the maxim omnia praesumuntur contra
spoliatorem can been used to resolve evidential difficulties that have been
caused by a defendant who has mixed trust monies with other funds. In Re
Oatway, the trustee paid trust money into his own account in breach of trust.
He subsequently withdrew money from his account for the purchase of shares and
the balance in the account was dissipated. Joyce J held the trust money could
be traced to the shares and that it could not be argued that it was the trust
money that had been dissipated. Re Oatway is an exception to the presumption
in In re Hallett’s Estate; Knatchbull v Hallett (1880) 13 Ch D 696, which
presumes that a trustee who has mixed trust money with money in his account is
taken to have dealt with his own money first where sums are withdrawn from
that account. Re Oatway was applied in Shalson and others v Russo and others
[2005] Ch 281, which recognised the concern that underlies this exception,
namely that a wrongdoer would otherwise benefit at the expense of his victim.
Rimer J held at [144] that “[t]he justice of [the approach in Re Oatway] is
that, if the beneficiary is not entitled to do this, the wrongdoing trustee
may be left with all the cherries and the victim with nothing”.

63 However, these are cases that concern the process of tracing, itself an
evidential process governed by its own unique set of rules in the situation
where wrongfully misappropriated trust money is mixed with the trustee’s money
and the mixed funds are used to purchase an asset. Because of the difficulty
facing a claimant who must prove that the asset was purchased by trust money
rather than money belonging to the wrongdoer, formalised rules of
identification have been conceived to address this evidential difficulty:
Snell’s Equity (John McGhee gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) (“Snell’s
Equity”) at para 30-056. These include punitive presumptions, such as that in
Re Oatway, which were conceived with the aim of preserving the misappropriated
trust money at the expense of the wrongdoer. But these presumptions do not
apply simply because the wrongdoer has behaved deplorably; they apply because
the wrongdoer directly caused the evidential “black hole”: Snell’s Equity at
para 30-057. That is not the case here. The appellant’s case is merely that
the evidential uncertainty would have been prevented had the respondent acted
properly in its dealings with her. This seems to us to conflate an issue of
improper dealing with a punitive evidential consequence that is not logically
connected to the improper dealing.

64 As for the appellant’s argument that there would be an “illogical
distinction” if a document that could have been set aside on the ground of
undue influence is found not susceptible to this where forgery is alleged to
have been perpetrated, although both grounds for the setting aside of an
agreement relate to the consent of a claiming party, they are entirely
independent of each other. Forgery concerns the complete absence of consent
while the exercise of undue influence vitiates consent. The latter is
predicated on an act capable of being construed as giving consent while the
former is premised on there having been no such act. Because of this essential
difference in the defences, it seems to us that it might be plausible to hold
that there is no necessary contradiction in having the appellant’s claim on
forgery fail even if the circumstances might give rise to a presumption of
undue influence. To put it another way, the fact that the circumstances might
give rise to a presumption of undue influence says nothing about whether the
Deed was or was not forged. However, the presumption of undue influence was
never pleaded or raised. Had it been pleaded, it might well have been possible
for the case to be mounted that if the Deed was not forged, a presumption of
undue influence would have arisen on the facts presented and that it was
incumbent on the respondent to rebut that presumption for the reasons and in
accordance with the principles set out in Etridge; and as we see it at
present, this could possibly co-exist with the case on forgery as an
alternative on the basis of what we have said at [60] above. This would seem
to us to be consistent with the decision of the Queensland Supreme Court in Le
Neve Ann Groves v Edmund Stuart Groves [2011] QSC 411 at [18] as well as the
decision of this court in Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another and
another appeal [2015] 3 SLR 92 at [52]. But even assuming this were so, it was
not raised in these proceedings until the appeal and that was simply too late.
We reiterate that these are provisional views. We do recognise that there may
be another perspective – in particular that the presumption of undue influence
should be seen as nothing other than an evidential aid and if the case on
undue influence is not available for the reasons we have outlined at [55]
above, then it should remain so notwithstanding that reliance is placed on a
presumption instead of on proof of primary facts. As we have said, it is not
necessary for us to resolve this issue here and we leave the resolution of
this issue open for another occasion.

65 Having said that, we do consider that the respondent’s failure to adhere to
the Etridge duties was reprehensible, as was the manner in which it went about
securing the Deed with what appeared to be the appellant’s signature.

66 In the circumstances, we allow the appeal with costs here and below which
are to be taxed if not agreed. We also make the usual consequential orders for
the release of the security for costs.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tang Hang Wu (instructed counsel), Ng Lip Chih and Tan Jieying (NLC Law Asia
LLC) for the appellant;  
Chua Beng Chye, Raelene Pereira and Cherie Tan (Rajah & Tan Singapore LLP) for
the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

