Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 48

Suit No 434 of 2014

Between

(1)| Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Liu Cheng Chan  
---|---  
(2)| Chik Sau Kam  
(3)| Liu Por  
(4)| Yang Jianguo  
(5)| Parakou Investment Holdings Pte Ltd  
(6)| Parakou Shipmanagement Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Amendment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

  
v

  

Liu Cheng Chan and others

[2016] SGHC 48

High Court — Suit No 434 of 2014  
Chua Lee Ming JC  
18, 22 March 2016

31 March 2016

Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 On the fourth day of trial, the plaintiff, Parakou Shipping Pte Ltd (in
liquidation), made an oral application to amend its statement of claim. I
allowed some of the amendments but disallowed certain amendments which sought
to introduce a new cause of action against the 1st to 4th defendants. I
granted the plaintiff leave to appeal against my decision on these disallowed
amendments.

Background

2 The plaintiff was in the business of ship management, chartering and
providing offshore supply vessel services to ships in and around Singapore.
The 1st defendant, Mr Liu Cheng Chan, and the 2nd defendant, Madam Chik Sau
Kam, were the directors of the plaintiff until 31 December 2008. Both were
shareholders of the plaintiff until 21 December 2008. The 2nd defendant is the
1st defendant’s wife.

3 The 3rd defendant, Mr Liu Por, is the 1st and 2nd defendants’ son. He was
Vice-President of the plaintiff from 2006 and was appointed a director on 22
December 2008. Liu Por has also been a shareholder of the plaintiff since 1
January 2005. The 4th defendant, Mr Yang Jianguo, has been a director and
shareholder of the plaintiff since 22 December 2008.

4 The 5th defendant, Parakou Investment Holdings Pte Ltd and the 6th
defendant, Parakou Shipmanagement Pte Ltd were at all material times related
companies of the plaintiff. At all material times, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd
defendants were directors and shareholders of the 5th and 6th defendants, and
the 4th defendant was a director of the 6th defendant.

5 At all material times, the 1st and 2nd defendants and another son, Lau Hoi,
were directors of 12 other companies, the names of each of which start with
the word “Pretty” (“the Pretty Entities”). The sole shareholder of the Pretty
Entities was a company known as Parakou International Ltd (“PIL”). The 1st,
2nd and 3rd defendants and Lau Hoi were the shareholders of PIL.

6 On 14 April 2011, the creditors of the plaintiff passed a resolution to put
the plaintiff into creditors’ voluntary liquidation. The liquidator brought
this action in the name of the plaintiff. Essentially, the case against the
defendants is that they orchestrated various transactions to strip the
plaintiff of its assets in anticipation of it being put into liquidation.
There are therefore a multitude of claims against the defendants, including

(a) claims against the 1st to 4th defendants based on breaches of fiduciary
duties and/or statutory duties of care and skill, breaches of trust, liability
to account as constructive trustees, and liability to account for profits
earned through the Pretty Entities;

(b) claims against the 5th and 6th defendants on the basis that they are
liable to account as constructive trustees;

(c) a claw back of the subject matter of certain undervalued transactions; and

(d) claims against all the defendants for conspiracy to defraud/injure the
plaintiff by unlawful means, an account of all sums misappropriated by the 1st
to 4th defendants, and an account of all sums received by the defendants as
constructive trustees.

The amendments that were disallowed

7 I disallowed the amendments that were comprised in three new paragraphs
(“Paragraphs 42A, 42B and 42C”). The plaintiff subsequently stated that it was
no longer proceeding with Paragraph 42B. Paragraphs 42A and 42C related to
certain ship management agreements (“SMAs”). The plaintiff had been managing
vessels owned by the Pretty Entities (“the Pretty Vessels”) under these SMAs
before they were terminated in October 2008.

8 As currently pleaded in the statement of claim, the plaintiff claims that
the 1st to 4th defendants, in breach of their duties owed to the plaintiff,
caused the SMAs to be transferred to the 6th defendant for no consideration.
The transfer was allegedly effected by causing the Pretty Entities to
terminate the SMAs in October 2008 and to enter into new ship management
agreements for the Pretty Vessels with the 6th defendant in December 2008, on
substantially the same terms as the SMAs that were terminated. The plaintiff
alleges that the SMAs were the plaintiff’s “key revenue-generating assets” and
that the actions by the 1st to 4th defendants in transferring the SMAs to the
6th defendant caused loss and damage to the plaintiff in the form of loss in
management fees and loss of profits under the SMAs.

9 Paragraph 42A sought to introduce a new cause of action against the 1st to
4th defendants for breaches of fiduciary duties owed to the plaintiff which
resulted in the plaintiff suffering loss and damage. In Paragraph 42A, the
plaintiff alleged that

(a) the 1st to 4th defendants caused the plaintiff to enter into separate
Addendum agreements to each of the SMAs in July 2007 (“the Addendum
agreements”);

(b) the terms of the Addendum agreements were not commercial, not at arm’s
length, inconsistent with market practice and agreed to without any
consideration given to the plaintiff;

(c) the terms of the Addendum agreements were designed to benefit the Pretty
Entities at the expense of the plaintiff; and

(d) the 1st to 4th defendants knew that the Addendum agreements would result
in onerous obligations being incurred by the plaintiff and that the
plaintiff’s costs and expenses would be far in excess of the revenue under the
SMAs. Notwithstanding this, the 1st to 4th defendants caused the plaintiff to
enter into the Addendum agreements to benefit themselves through the Pretty
Entities at a time when the plaintiff had been suffering repeated and
increasing balance sheet losses since 2002.

10 In brief, the Addendum agreements changed the fee structure of the SMAs
from a fee of US$8,000 per month plus reimbursement of expenses to a lump sum
fee of US$5,000 per day inclusive of expenses.

11 Paragraph 42C alleged that the 1st to 4th defendants, having acted in
breach of their fiduciary duties owed to the plaintiff, were liable as
constructive trustees to account for all profits and benefits derived by or
through the Pretty Entities. The plaintiff also claimed to be entitled to
“trace into such profits or enforce an equitable lien over any such profits
including subsequent profits held on constructive trust” by the 1st to 4th
defendants.

12 Paragraphs 42A and 42C thus sought to make a completely different and new
claim which focused on the 1st to 4th defendant’s actions in causing the
plaintiff to enter into the Addendum agreements. A key allegation in the new
claim was that the Addendum agreements caused the SMAs to be loss-making.

Reasons for my decision

13 The law is well-established. The guiding principle is that amendments to
pleadings ought to be allowed if they would enable the real question and/or
issue in controversy between the parties to be determined; however, two key
factors to bear in mind are (a) whether the amendments would cause any
prejudice to the other party which cannot be compensated in costs, and (b)
whether the amendments are effectively giving the party who is applying for
leave to amend a second bite at the cherry: Singapore Civil Procedure 2016 vol
1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) at para 20/8/8. Although
amendments may be allowed at any stage of the proceedings, the later an
application is made, the stronger would be the grounds required to justify it:
Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin [2004] 2 SLR(R) 173 at [12]. The
court must balance the need for amendment against the justice of the case. It
is harder to say that justice favours allowing an amendment when it is sought
in the middle of a trial: Sin Leng Industries Pte Ltd v Ong Chai Teck [2006] 2
SLR(R) 235 (“Sin Leng”) at [23].

14 I disallowed the plaintiff’s application with respect to Paragraphs 42A and
42C for the following reasons:

(a) The amendments would cause prejudice to the 1st to 4th defendants which
cannot be compensated in costs.

(b) Allowing the amendments would be giving the plaintiff a second bite at the
cherry.

(c) Allowing the amendments would affect the management of the courts’
resources and scheduling due to the need to vacate the rest of the trial.

Prejudice to the 1st to 4th defendants

15 In my view, the amendments would cause prejudice to the 1st to 4th
defendants which cannot be compensated in costs. Paragraphs 42A and 42C sprung
a surprise on the defendants. There had hitherto been no allegation of any
breach of duties with respect to the Addendum agreements and the plaintiff had
proceeded with the trial on the basis that the SMAs were of value to it. I
agreed with the 1st to 4th defendants that

(a) the plaintiff had changed its case completely with respect to the SMAs
under Paragraphs 42A and 42C;

(b) substantial preparations would be required to be done by their lawyers and
themselves in order to meet the new claim in Paragraphs 42A and 42C; and

(c) they would be prejudiced if they (and their lawyers) had to undertake the
work necessary to meet the new claim, whilst at the same time continuing with
the trial.

16 The plaintiff referred me to Multistar Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling &
Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 1 (“Multistar”) at [52] and argued that the
new paragraphs did not introduce a new case and were merely “different legal
characterisations of the same underlying facts” requiring “no additional
factual material” to advance the claim. I disagreed. It must be borne in mind
that the Court of Appeal was using “factual material” to refer to the material
facts which support a claim (see Multistar at [34]). Understood in that light,
the plaintiff did require additional factual material to advance the new
claim. In an action for breach of fiduciary duty, the fact that a defendant
caused a plaintiff company to enter into a transaction, the fact that the
transaction was a breach of its fiduciary duty, and the particulars of the
breach are facts which must be pleaded. These are the facts on which evidence
would have to be led. In the present case, evidence also has to be led on how
the new lump sum fee structure would cause the SMAs to be loss-making. The
original statement of claim only stated that the plaintiff agreed to the
Addendum agreements to the SMAs. It did not state who precisely had caused the
plaintiff to enter into the Addendum agreements, much less how doing so was a
breach of fiduciary duty. Plainly, the essential factual material supporting
the new claim (see [9] above) has not been pleaded in the original statement
of claim.

17 The present action, with its multitude of claims including breaches of
fiduciary duties and remedies based on constructive trusts and tracing, is a
complex one. The trial will demand their full attention. In my view, it would
be unjust to require the 1st to 4th defendants and their lawyers to
investigate the new set of facts and prepare to meet the new claim whilst the
trial continued.

18 Of course, the rest of the trial dates could be vacated so that the 1st to
4th defendants could prepare to meet the new claim. Indeed, the 1st to 4th
defendants submitted that if the amendments were allowed, they would seek a
vacation of the remaining trial dates. However, trial having started, the
defendants were entitled to expect the trial to proceed without undue delay. I
saw no reason why they had to choose between vacating the rest of the trial
dates and trying to cope with preparing to defend against the new claim whilst
the trial continued. This was especially so when the new claim was based on
facts known to the plaintiff from the very beginning: see Ong Kai Hian v Tan
Hong Suan Cecilia [2009] 3 SLR(R) 385 at [23].

19 The plaintiff argued that the new claim under Paragraphs 42A and 42C was
only being raised now because it was founded on certain statements in the 3rd
defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) filed in February 2016.
Those statements were to the effect that the ship management business was an
in-house service and that the focus was on saving costs for the owners (i.e.
the Pretty Entities) rather than making profits for the plaintiff.

20 I disagreed with the plaintiff. The 3rd defendant’s AEIC merely said that
the ship management business was an in-house service and that profits were not
the key focus. There was nothing in the AEIC to suggest that the “in-house”
nature of the business was any different before the fee structure was changed.
The “in-house” nature of the business would have been apparent to the
liquidator by the time this action was commenced. At all material times, the
SMAs were entered into by the plaintiff in order to manage the vessels owned
by its related companies, i.e. the Pretty Entities. The plaintiff’s ship
management business had no external clients (i.e. clients that were not
related companies). In addition, it was patently clear that the facts
supporting the new claim had been known to the plaintiff much earlier on. The
liquidator had the SMAs and the Addendum agreements before this action was
commenced. He also had the relevant financial statements at least after
discovery, if not earlier. It would have been clear to the liquidator how the
Addendum agreements changed the fee structure under the SMAs and what the
financial impact of those changes was. However, having done his
investigations, the liquidator decided, for reasons best known to himself, to
proceed on the basis that the SMAs were of value to the plaintiff and that the
relevant breach was in the transfer of these SMAs to the 6th defendant, rather
than in the signing of the Addendum agreements. Other than pointing to the 3rd
defendant’s AEIC, the plaintiff did not offer any explanation why it did not
include the new claim in its statement of claim or seek to amend its statement
of claim earlier.

Second bite at the cherry

21 Second, in my view, the plaintiff sought to make the new claim under
Paragraphs 42A and 42C at this stage because the plaintiff’s original case
(that the SMAs were of value to the plaintiff) was considerably weakened
during the cross-examination of the liquidator. The liquidator himself
conceded that although revenue-generating, the SMAs were in fact loss-making
contracts for the plaintiff. That meant that the transfer of the SMAs to the
6th defendant would not have caused the plaintiff any loss. It seems to me
that allowing the amendments in Paragraphs 42A and 42C in these circumstances
would be giving the plaintiff a second bite at the cherry.

Management of courts’ resources

22 Another relevant factor in this case was the management of the courts’
resources and scheduling: see Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2009] 2
SLR(R) 737 (“Susilawati”) at [59], citing Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com
Pte Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594 (“Digilandmall”) at [85]. I was also guided by the
Court of Appeal’s observation that “apart from the interests of the immediate
parties to the action, there [is] also the public interest that judicial
proceedings be conducted efficiently and with finality”: Sheagar s/o T M Veloo
v Belfield International (Hong Kong) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 524 at [122]. In this
case, the trial had been fixed for 17 days. Vacating the rest of the trial
dates would have meant having to find new dates for 13 trial days. It is
axiomatic that a court will generally be cautious if not reluctant to effect
any amendments once hearing has commenced: Susilawati at [62], citing
Digilandmall at [84]. In the present case, the trial had started and the
plaintiff did not have any good explanation why it had not sought to amend the
statement of claim earlier despite having known all the relevant facts. In
these circumstances, the court should be very slow to allow amendments if it
was likely that doing so would mean having to vacate the remaining trial dates
in order to avoid any injustice to the defendants. I share the view expressed
in Sin Leng that legal business should be conducted efficiently and that the
surprise occasioned by such an amendment causes prejudice which is not
compensable by costs (at [42]).

Limitation

23 The 1st to 4th defendants also submitted that the new cause of action under
Paragraphs 42A and 42C was time-barred as more than six years have passed
since the Addendum agreements were entered into. The plaintiff disagreed.

24 If the limitation period had expired before the application to amend was
made, then the onus would be on the plaintiff to show that the amendment fell
within the provisions of O 20 r 5(5) of the Rules Of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed). Otherwise, the only question is whether the amendment should be
allowed under O 20 r 5(1) based on the principles articulated at [13] above
and I have held that it should not.

25 The issue that was argued before me was whether the new cause of action
fell within the scope of s 22(1) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). Section 22(1) and (2) state as follows:

Limitations of actions in respect of trust property

22.—(1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action —

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

26 A distinction has been drawn between “Class 1” and “Class 2” constructive
trusts. If a person holds property in the position of a trustee and deals with
that property in breach of that trust, he will be a Class 1 constructive
trustee. On the other hand, a wrongdoer who fraudulently acquires property
over which he had never previously been impressed with any trust obligations,
may, by virtue of his fraudulent conduct, be held liable in equity to account
as if he were a constructive trustee; such a person was never a trustee of the
property and it is only by virtue of equity’s reach that he is regarded as a
Class 2 constructive trustee: Yong Kheng Leong v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd
[2013] 1 SLR 173 (“Yong Kheng Leong”) at [36], [46] and [51].

27 Only Class 1 constructive trustees fall within the ambit of s 22 of the
Act: Yong Kheng Leong at [51]. Even then, a Class 1 constructive trustee is
still subject to the limitation period in s 22(2) unless the exception in s
22(1) applies: Yong Kheng Leong at [49]. Class 2 constructive trustees are
subject to the six-year limitation period in s 6(7): Yong Kheng Leong at [69].

28 In Yong Kheng Leong, a director was sued for breach of fiduciary duty for
placing his wife on the company’s payroll and paying her salaries although she
was never an employee. The director was held to be a Class 1 constructive
trustee because he had dealt with the company’s assets in breach of the trust
and confidence placed in him as a trustee.

29 The judgment in Yong Kheng Leong referred to Gwembe Valley Development Co
Ltd (in receivership) v Koshy (No 3) [2004] 1 BCLC 131 (“Gwembe Valley”) as an
illustration of a Class 2 constructive trust. In Gwembe Valley, a director
arranged for another company (which he controlled) to loan money to the
claimant company without disclosing his interest in the other company to the
board of the claimant company. It was held that the defendant’s liability to
account for his secret profits was not within Class 1. This was because the
defendant’s liability arose from his failure to disclose, and not because of
any misappropriation of specific property belonging to the company (see Yong
Kheng Leong at [47]).

30 I agreed with the plaintiff that the 1st to 4th defendants were Class 1
constructive trustees in respect of the new claim in Paragraphs 42A and 42C.
The claim against the 1st to 4th defendants was that in breach of their
fiduciary duties owed to the plaintiff, they caused the plaintiff to enter
into the Addendum agreements knowing that under the Addendum agreements the
plaintiff’s costs and expenses would exceed the revenue under the SMAs (see
[9(d)] above). In other words, to the extent that the costs and expenses
exceeded the revenue, the 1st to 4th defendants were using the plaintiff’s
resources (financial or otherwise) to service and maintain the vessels
belonging to the Pretty Entities. The 1st and 2nd defendants were directors of
the plaintiff at the material time. The 3rd and 4th defendants were the Vice-
President and President respectively but they have been alleged to be de facto
directors of the plaintiff at the material time. With respect to the new
claim, the 1st to 4th defendants were Class 1 constructive trustees because as
directors/de facto directors, they held the plaintiff’s property as trustees
and dealt with that property in breach of the trust placed in them as
directors/de facto directors.

31 In their submissions before me, the parties assumed that s 22(1) (and not s
22(2)) of the Act would apply if the defendants were to be regarded as Class 1
constructive trustees. Therefore, I concluded that the new cause of action
would not be subject to any limitation period.

Conclusion

32 For the reasons stated above, I disallowed the plaintiff’s application for
leave to amend the statement of claim by adding Paragraphs 42A and 42C and
awarded costs fixed at $2000 (inclusive of disbursements) to each of the 1st
and 2nd defendants, the 3rd and 4th defendants and the 5th and 6th defendants.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judicial Commissioner

Edwin Tong SC, Kenneth Lim Tao Chung, Chua Xinying and Yu Kexin (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Tan Shien Loon Lawrence, Senthil Dayalan and Ng Jia En (Eldan Law LLP) for the
first and second defendants;  
Siraj Omar and Premalatha Silwaraju (Premier Law LLC) for the third and fourth
defendants;

Sim Chong and Yap Hao Jin (Sim Chong LLC) for the fifth and sixth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

