Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 97

Originating Summons No 763 of 2015

In the matter of Section 279 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of Gilcom Investment Pte Ltd (in liquidation)

Between

| Phang Choo Ong  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Gilcom Investment Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

And

(1)| LRG Investments Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| MC Marine Services  
  
…Non-Parties

grounds of decision

[Insolvency law] — [Winding up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Phang Choo Ong

  
v

  

Gilcom Investment Pte Ltd

  
(

LRG Investments Pte Ltd and another, non-parties)

[2016] SGHC 97

High Court — Originating Summons No 763 of 2015  
Chua Lee Ming JC  
12 November 2015; 15 February 2016

17 May 2016

Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 The defendant, Gilcom Investment Pte Ltd (“Gilcom”), was ordered to be wound
up on the ground that it was deemed to be unable to pay its debts after it
failed to comply with a statutory demand for payment of a debt under a default
judgment against the defendant.

2 The plaintiff, Mr Phang Choo Ong (“Phang”), the sole director and
shareholder of Gilcom, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Phang’s 1st Affidavit dated 19 August 2015 at para 5

applied for a stay of the winding up of Gilcom on the ground that Gilcom
intended to apply to aside the default judgment. Phang alleged that the
default judgment was irregular or, alternatively, that Gilcom had a defence on
the merits. I dismissed the application on the ground that regardless of
whether Gilcom had grounds to set aside the default judgment, it was insolvent
anyway. Phang has appealed against my decision.

The facts

3 Gilcom is an investment holding company registered in Singapore. LRG
Investments Pte Ltd (“LRG”) is its creditor and a non-party to this action,
together with another creditor, MC Marine Services (“MCM”). Gilcom was wound
up on LRG’s application.

4 Gilcom, LRG, and another company, AAFH Singapore Pte Ltd (“AAFH”), were
parties to a Memorandum of Agreement dated 13 August 2014 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Affidavits at p 69

(“the MOA”) relating to a property development project in Australia (“the
Project”). Gilcom and AAFH were to arrange for an investment of US$100m (“the
Investment Fund”) for LRG for the Project. Gilcom was the appointed agent and
aggregator for an insurer, Allianz Insurance (“Allianz”), and AAFH was the
financial representative and agent of LRG.

5 Under the MOA, LRG was to provide US$10m as the insurance premium for the
purchase of an insurance bond. Of this, US$7m was to be paid by LRG and the
remaining US$3m was to be deducted from the Investment Fund. LRG was required
to pay the US$7m before disbursement of the Investment Fund. Pursuant to the
terms of the MOA,

(a) LRG was to pay the US$7m to AAFH which would then issue a receipt to LRG;

(b) Gilcom was to issue a receipt to AAFH and LRG upon receiving the US$7m;
and

(c) if the Investment Fund was not disbursed within the stipulated time frame
of 70 to 90 banking days from AAFH’s receipt of the US$7m, Gilcom was to
“arrange a full refund of sums paid by [AAFH] to [Gilcom] under this MOA” and
AAFH was to “arrange a full refund of sums paid by [LRG] to [AAFH]”.

6 According to LRG, the US$7m was paid to Gilcom through AAFH in two tranches
– on 10 July 2014 and 13 August 2014. It was not disputed that Gilcom received
the US$7m. Pursuant to the MOA, the Investment Fund was to be disbursed to LRG
by 18 December 2014. As no such disbursement was made 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Affidavit of Yu Yunhe dated 8 October 2015 at paras 2.2.1, 2.2.2 and 2.3.2

, the US$7m became refundable to LRG, but no refund was given.

7 On 5 February 2015, LRG commenced Suit 121 of 2015 (“S 121/2015”) against
Gilcom for repayment of the US$7m. The writ of summons was served on Gilcom at
its registered address on 5 February 2015. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Eddie Osman dated 8 October 2015 at para 3

8 LRG obtained judgment in default of Gilcom’s appearance on 2 March 2015. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 14

It applied to wind up Gilcom on 21 April 2015 and the winding up order was
granted on 29 May 2015. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CWU 79/2015

No representative of Gilcom attended the hearing of the winding up petition.

9 Following the grant of the winding up order, MCM filed a proof of debt of
S$462,390 against Gilcom on 13 June 2015. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Affidavit of Michael Conrad Frank dated 29 October 2015 at para 2.4.2

Its claim was based on an investment agreement which was similar to the MOA
except that there was no middle party involved. Under that investment
agreement, Gilcom had agreed to arrange an investment fund of US$5m for MCM
and MCM paid US$300,000 to Gilcom for the purchase of an insurance bond. The
investment fund had not materialised and Gilcom had become liable to refund
the US$300,000 to MCM. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Affidavit of Michael Conrad Frank dated 29 October 2015 at paras 2.1.1, 2.3.2

MCM’s claim of S$462,390 represented the sum of US$300,000 and accrued
interest at the time the proof of debt was filed.

10 On 6 June 2015, Gilcom applied to set aside the default judgment, not
knowing that the winding up order had already been made. Gilcom withdrew the
application after its solicitors were informed by LRG’s solicitors on 8 June
2015 that the company had been wound up. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 23

11 Phang then filed the present application for a stay of the winding up order
pursuant to s 279(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). The avowed
purpose of the application was to allow Gilcom to apply to court to set aside
the default judgment in S 121/2015. LRG and MCM objected to the application
and requested to be heard. Phang did not object to LRG and MCM being heard.
The application for stay was contested only between Phang and LRG and MCM.
Gilcom played no part in these proceedings. The liquidator indicated that he
would abide by any order made by the court. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Phang’s 1st Affidavit dated 19 August 2015 at para 29 and p 66 (Exhibit PCO-1)

12 Phang argued that Gilcom had good grounds to set aside the default
judgment. First, he claimed that the default judgment was irregularly obtained
because the writ had not been served at Gilcom’s registered address. Second,
he claimed that Gilcom had a good defence to LRG’s claim because LRG had sued
the wrong party. The gist of this defence was that Gilcom’s liability under
the MOA was to refund the US$7m to AAFH – not LRG – and it was AAFH that was
liable to refund the money to LRG. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 43–45

The law

13 The court’s power to stay winding up proceedings is found in s 279(1) of
the Companies Act, which provides as follows:

Power to stay winding up

279.—(1) At any time after an order for winding up has been made, the Court
may, on the application of the liquidator or of any creditor or contributory
and on proof to the satisfaction of the Court that all proceedings in relation
to the winding up ought to be stayed, make an order staying the proceedings
either altogether or for a limited time on such terms and conditions as the
Court thinks fit.

Section 4 of the Companies Act defines a “contributory” as including “a holder
of fully paid shares in the company”. Phang, as Gilcom’s sole shareholder,
therefore had the requisite standing to apply for the stay.

14 Once a company has been wound up, the only way it can be put back into its
former state is by way of a stay of the winding up proceedings. A stay halts
the winding up proceedings and permits the officers of the company to continue
in control from the date of its pronouncement: Interocean Holdings Group (BVI)
Ltd v Zi-Techasia (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 485 (“Interocean”) at [18]
and [22]. If a perpetual stay of the winding up is granted, the company can
resume the conduct of its business and affairs, in accordance with its
memorandum and articles of association, as if no winding up existed: Krextile
Holdings Pty Ltd v Widdows; Re Brush Fabrics Proprietary Limited [1974] VR 689
at 694.

15 The onus is on the applicant to show why it is appropriate to stay the
winding up rather than to let the insolvency proceedings run their normal
course: Chimbusco International Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Jalalludin bin
Abdullah and other matters [2013] 2 SLR 801 at [96]. This onus is not easily
discharged – the applicant must “make out a case that carries conviction”: In
re Calgary and Edmonton Land Co Ltd [1975] 1 WLR 355 (“Calgary”) at 359.

16 Since the stay operates prospectively, and not retrospectively, the court
is obliged to also consider events which occurred between the date the winding
up petition was filed and the date the stay application is heard: The Ayer
Molek Rubber Co Bhd v Bintang-Bintang Sdn Bhd [2013] 4 MLJ 401 at 417. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Creditors’ further arguments at para 2.1.2

17 As for the court’s exercise of discretion under s 279(1) of the Companies
Act, without trying to be exhaustive, three broad principles can be extracted
from the cases.

18 The first principle is that an applicant for a stay has to show that the
state of affairs that required the company to be wound up no longer exists.
Where the winding up was on the ground of insolvency, the applicant has to
show that the company is solvent: In the matter of Glass Recycling Pty Ltd
[2014] NSWSC 439 (“Glass Recycling”) at [18]; Doolan, in the matter of MIH
Company Pty Ltd (in liq) v MIH Company Pty Ltd (in liq) [2015] FCA 1130
(“Doolan”) at [10]. Credible evidence of solvency is required, not least
because the court is putting the company back into operation. Mere assertions
of solvency will not be sufficient. There must be proper verification of
assets and liabilities; unaudited accounts and unverified claims of ownership
or valuation will not ordinarily be probative of solvency: Expile Pty Ltd v
Jabb’s Excavations Pty Ltd (2003) 45 ACSR 711 at [16]. It also bears
mentioning that the ability to repay debts, presently due, at a future time
does not demonstrate solvency: Kon Yin Tong and another v Leow Boon Cher and
others [2011] SGHC 228 at [79].

19 The second principle is that a stay would be refused if granting a stay
would be detrimental to commercial morality and the interests of the public at
large. In this regard, it has been held that

(a) where the company is insolvent, carrying on business and obtaining credit
would present a grave commercial risk to persons dealing with it, and such
companies should remain wound up: Re Mascot Home Furnishers Pty Ltd (in
liquidation) [1970] VR 593 at 596; Ting Yuk Kiong v Mawar Biru Sdn Bhd [1995]
2 MLJ 700 at 708;

(b) the court must be satisfied that it will be reasonable to entrust the
affairs of the company to the directors under whose management the company had
previously been subjected to an order for winding up. Therefore, a stay may be
refused if there has been serious impropriety in the conduct of the company’s
affairs, or any other matter which poses a risk to future creditors: Glass
Recycling at [19]; Doolan at [11]. I would add that in my view, the
applicant’s conduct in allowing the winding up order to be made or any
unexplained delay in applying for a stay are also factors to be taken into
consideration; and

(c) where the directors have failed to comply with their statutory duties to
give information to the official receiver or to furnish a statement of
affairs, the court may refuse a stay until it is satisfied that the trading
operations of the company have been “fair and above board”: In re Telescriptor
Syndicate, Limited [1903] 2 Ch 174 at 182.

20 The third principle is that a stay would be refused if the interests of the
creditors, the members and the liquidator are not protected: Calgary at 360;
Re Warbler Pty Ltd (1982) 6 ACLR 526 (“Warbler”) at 532, 533. The application
for a stay must be served on all creditors and contributories: Warbler at 533.
A stay is unlikely to be granted if arrangements are not made to pay the
creditors: Re Allebart Pte Ltd [1971] 1 NSWLR 24 at 26. On the other hand, if
the applicant has demonstrated that there are reasons for a stay and the
creditors, members and liquidator have consented to a stay, the court should
seldom and only with good reason stand in their way: Interocean at [13].

21 I should add for completeness that the applicable statutory provisions in
the cases referred to above are either substantially similar or identical (in
the case of Malaysia) to s 279(1). In addition, although some of the cases
involved voluntary winding up, the principles are equally relevant to cases
involving compulsory winding up: see Interocean at [17].

Reasons for not granting the stay

22 Phang argued that a stay should be granted because (a) the winding up
application had been based on non-payment of the judgment debt in S 121/2015,
(b) there were good grounds to set aside the default judgment in S 121/2015,
and (c) if the default judgment were set aside, then there would have been no
reason for the winding up application.

23 In my view, it could not be said at this stage that an application to set
aside the default judgment in S 121/2015 was bound to fail. However, whether
or not Gilcom might succeed in setting aside the default judgment in S
121/2015 was irrelevant. LRG’s application to wind up Gilcom may have been
based on a statutory demand for payment of the judgment debt in S 121/2015 but
ultimately the ground upon which the winding up order was given was that
Gilcom was unable to pay its debts. To show that the state of affairs that
required the company to be wound up no longer exists (see [18] above) Phang
had to show that Gilcom was in fact able to pay its debts.

24 Considerations of commercial morality and interests of the public (see
[19(a)] above) also dictated that a stay should be refused if Gilcom was
insolvent.

25 Therefore, I agreed with LRG and MCM that it was incumbent on Phang to
demonstrate Gilcom’s solvency before a stay of the winding up would be
considered. However, there was no evidence that Gilcom was solvent. Indeed,
the evidence confirmed that Gilcom was insolvent.

26 First, by Phang’s own admission, Gilcom did owe AAFH the US$7m. It was
clear that Gilcom would be unable to pay AAFH unless the US$7m was first
refunded by Allianz to Gilcom. During the hearing before me, Phang admitted as
much when he submitted that Gilcom would be able to pay AAFH if Allianz
refunded the US$7m to Gilcom. Similarly, Gilcom’s repayment of its debt to MCM
depended on it receiving a refund from another company. Second, Gilcom’s paid-
up share capital was S$100,000 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Phang’s 1st Affidavit dated 19 August 2015 at p 21 (Exhibit PCO-1)

and, based on the affidavits filed, its only known assets as of 31 May 2015
were monies held in bank accounts amounting to S$41,485 and US$14,289. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Phang’s 3rd Affidavit dated 6 November 2015 at paras 22 and 24

It was clear to me therefore that Gilcom was insolvent. It could not meet its
liabilities to AAFH/LRG or MCM.

27 Further, there was no evidence that the interests of creditors and the
liquidator would be taken care of if a stay were to be granted.

28 In my judgment, Phang had not made out a convincing case for a stay of the
winding up proceedings.

Conclusion

29 For the reasons stated above, I dismissed the application for a stay of the
winding up and awarded the costs of the application to LRG fixed at S$8,000
inclusive of disbursements.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judicial Commissioner

Sarbinder Singh (Kertar Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
David Chan, Tan Su Hui and Amelia Tan (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the non-
parties.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

