Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 163

HC/Suit No 1236 of 2015  
(HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 221 of 2016)

Between  

Lim Seng Choon David

…Plaintiff/Appellant

And

1\. Global Maritime Holdings Ltd

2\. Global Maritime Consultancy Pte Ltd

…Defendants/Respondents

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Striking out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Seng Choon David

  
v

  

Global Maritime Holdings Ltd and another

[2016] SGHC 163

High Court — Suit No 1236 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 221 of 2016)  
Choo Han Teck J  
27 July 2016

22 August 2016 Judgment reserved

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff against the orders of the assistant
registrar striking out his claim in Suit No 1236 of 2015 (“the present suit”).
The first defendant is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom. The
second defendant is a wholly owned subsidiary of the first defendant and is in
the business of providing marine, offshore and engineering consultancy as well
as maritime software consultancy. The plaintiff employed by the first
defendant from 10 May 2004 to 24 November 2014 pursuant to an employment
contract dated 15 March 2004. He worked mainly as the General Manager of the
second defendant.

2 The plaintiff’s claim in the present suit is for damages arising from the
breach of an oral agreement made between the plaintiff and the defendants on
24 November 2014. According to the plaintiff, it was orally agreed between the
plaintiff and Mr Gary Anthony Hogg, a director of the defendants that the
plaintiff would take an early retirement on agreed terms (“the oral
agreement”). The plaintiff avers that it was due to the oral agreement that he
accepted early retirement and voluntarily terminated his employment with the
defendants on 24 November 2014. The plaintiff claims that the defendants have
to-date failed, neglected and/or refused to perform their obligations under
the oral agreement.

3 The present suit is the second suit brought by the plaintiff against the
defendants. The plaintiff previously brought a claim against the defendants in
Suit No 239 of 2015 (“the previous suit”) for breach of the employment
contract. The previous suit was struck out by the assistant registrar on the
basis that there was a defect in the pleadings. The assistant registrar held
that the pleadings in the previous suit did not make out a case for the
plaintiff because the oral agreement which the plaintiff was relying on had
not been expressly pleaded notwithstanding an opportunity to do so. The
assistant registrar also stated that even if the oral agreement had been
pleaded, it was not possible for the plaintiff to plead both the oral
agreement and the employment contract at the same time. Finally, the assistant
registrar found that based on the evidence before her, no agreement had been
reached. After the claim was struck out, the plaintiff filed for an extension
of time to file the Notice of Appeal but this was withdrawn subsequently and
the present suit was filed. There was hence no appeal against the assistant
registrar’s decision to strike out the previous suit. The assistant registrar
who struck out the previous suit heard and granted the defendants’ application
for striking out in the present suit and was familiar with the plaintiff’s
claim.

4 In the present suit, the defendants argued that the matters pleaded in the
present suit were res judicata in the light of the previous suit. They argued
that it was an abuse of process to allow the plaintiff to proceed in the
present suit as it was a direct attack on the decision of the previous suit in
which the assistant registrar found that there was no oral agreement reached
between the parties as the plaintiff alleged. The defendants also argued that
the plaintiff had the opportunity to amend his statement of claim and to
appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar in the previous suit
but he had opted not to do so. Finally, the defendants submitted that the
plaintiff’s claim was factually unsustainable. The plaintiff responded that
issue estoppel did not arise as the present suit and the previous suit were
different. He argued that the present suit was based on a breach of the oral
agreement, which he claimed had not been pleaded in the previous suit as the
previous suit was premised on a breach of the employment contract. To show
this, the plaintiff relied on the finding of the assistant registrar in the
previous suit that “an oral agreement was not expressly pleaded
notwithstanding that the opportunity was given to amend”. As a result of the
lack of pleading, the plaintiff argued that the oral agreement was not an
issue in the previous suit and consequently, issue estoppel did not apply even
though it had been canvassed in submissions and considered in obiter dicta to
some extent by the assistant registrar. He also argued that there was no abuse
of process and his claim was factually sustainable in the light of what had
been pleaded in the present suit.

5 The assistant registrar accepted the submissions of the defendants’ counsel
and struck out the present suit on the ground, generally, that it was
factually, the same claim that the plaintiff brought in the previous suit
against the same defendants. First, the assistant registrar held that issue
estoppel operated to prevent the plaintiff from pursuing the present suit. The
assistant registrar held that the plaintiff’s argument was overly technical
and inconsistent with authorities such as Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST
Plan No 301 [2005] SLR(R) 157 (“Lee Tat”) and Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Nellie Goh”). Secondly, the assistant registrar held
that the present suit was an abuse of process because the plaintiff had the
ample opportunity to amend his pleadings in the previous suit while facing the
striking out application but did not. Moreover, the assistant registrar found
that found that the plaintiff ought to have appealed the decision to strike
out the previous suit if he was dissatisfied with it but had elected not to do
so.

6 On appeal before me, the plaintiff argued that:

(a) Issue estoppel does not apply as the findings of the assistant registrar
in relation to the oral agreement were collateral and not fundamental to the
decision in the previous suit;

(b) The plaintiff’s decision to commence the present suit is not an abuse of
process; and

(c) The defendants have failed to satisfy the test for striking out.

7 In response, the defendants rely on the same arguments it raised before the
assistant registrar. First, counsel submitted that the claim in the present
suit is also based on the same alleged oral agreement averred to (but not
pleaded) in the striking out proceedings in the previous suit. The matters in
the present suit are therefore res judicata. Secondly, counsel also submitted
that the present suit is an abuse of process and finally, that the plaintiff’s
claim on the oral agreement is factually unsustainable.

8 The four requirements for establishing an issue estoppel as set out by the
Court of Appeal in Lee Tat at [14] – [15] are:

(a) There needs to be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) The judgment has to be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) There has to be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) There must be an identity of the subject matter in the two proceedings.

The plaintiff accepts that the first three requirements in Lee Tat are
fulfilled in the present case but his counsel submitted that there is a lack
of identity of subject matter between the previous suit and the present suit.

9 As stated in Lee Tat, the approach in determining if there is identity in
the two proceedings is to first, ask what had been litigated and, secondly,
what had been decided. For issue estoppel to arise, the decision on the issue
must have been a “necessary step” to the decision or “a matter which it was
necessary to decide, and which was actually decided, as the groundwork of the
decision” (see Lee Tat at [15]). This requirement of identity of subject
matter is further expounded on by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in
Nellie Goh at [34] to [39] where he states that:

(a) The prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent
proceeding and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision
must not have changed or should be incapable of change

(b) The previous determination in question must have been fundamental and not
merely collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could not
stand without that determination; and

(c) The issue in question should be shown in fact to have been raised and
argued.

10 What seems clear to me is that the pleadings in the previous suit were
struck out because the oral agreement that the plaintiff relied on (to found
his action) was not pleaded in the statement of claim. The assistant
registrar’s decision to strike out the claim stands independently on this
basis and further comments by the assistant registrar with respect to the oral
agreement is obiter dicta because they were contingent on a “generous reading”
of the pleadings. While the plaintiff could have applied to amend his
statement of claim, he did not. The finding that the plaintiff had not pleaded
the oral agreement is not the same as a finding of fact that there was no oral
agreement. Given that there was neither a trial nor a comprehensive hearing of
the arguments relating to the oral agreement before the assistant registrar,
the plaintiff is free to commence another action provided he is not time
barred. It was not disputed before me that this present action was brought
within the time limitation. I am therefore of the view that issue estoppel
does not apply to the present suit.

11 The defence of abuse of process allows the court to prevent an action from
proceeding even if it the issues raised were never litigated or decided on
before, but ought to have been raised in previous litigation. The basis for
this is the public interest in protecting the court’s processes from abuse and
protecting defendants from oppression (see The Royal Bank of Scotland NV
(formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan
Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal
[2015] 5 SLR 1104 at [101] and Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan
Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another appeal [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53
(“Ching Mun Fong”) at [23]). This “power is to be exercised with caution
before striking out or dismissing any proceedings on the ground of abuse of
process” because it is a “drastic step”: (see Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek
and others [2003] 3 SLR(R) 644 (“Kwa Ban Cheong”) at [29]). In applying the
defence, a broad and non-formalistic approach has been adopted by the
Singapore courts where the court looks at circumstances such as whether there
is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation or whether there are bona
fide reasons why a matter was not raised in the earlier proceedings.

12 In finding that there was an abuse of process, the assistant registrar took
the view that any disagreement with her decision in the previous suit ought to
have been a subject of an appeal. The plaintiff’s failure to appeal made the
bringing of the present suit an abuse of process. That is a little harsh in
the circumstances. The ratio of the striking out in the previous suit was that
the oral agreement had not been pleaded (see [11] above). Given that the
plaintiff’s case in the present suit was premised on the oral agreement, it is
reasonable for the plaintiff to choose not to appeal the striking out of the
previous suit. This is because such an appeal, on its own, without an
application to amend his pleadings to expressly plead the oral agreement would
not have enabled the plaintiff to overturn the striking out. Thus, the
plaintiff would have had to first successfully apply for an amendment of
pleadings, to include the oral agreement, before the appeal could have been
brought. On that basis, it was not incumbent on the plaintiff to appeal if he
was dissatisfied with the decision and he is entitled to bring the present
suit, ie, a fresh suit with proper pleadings. Lastly, while the present suit
and the previous suit are premised on the same grounds, I find that there are
some differences in the particulars of the pleadings in the present suit vis-
à-vis the previous suit. Accordingly, I decline to find an abuse of process.

13 The final issue to deal with is the alternative ground that the defendants
rely on for a striking out, ie, that the plaintiff’s claim in respect of the
present suit is factually unsustainable because the pleaded fact of the oral
agreement is contradicted by the documents before the court. The defendants
argue that:

(a) The totality of contemporaneous emails between the parties show that no
agreement had been reached;

(b) The pleadings show no agreement reached; and

(c) There was a concession by the plaintiff’s former counsel that no agreement
had been reached before the assistant registrar in the previous suit.

14 Counsel for plaintiff submitted that the defendants failed to satisfy the
test for striking out. Counsel submitted that he had (a) pleaded every
essential element of a known cause of action, (b) furnished sufficient
particulars for the defendant to have reasonable notice of the case he has to
meet and not thereby be embarrassed at trial and (c) pointed to proof for each
element of his cause of action.

15 The threshold for striking out a claim on this basis is a high one and as
long as the plaintiff has pleaded a reasonable cause of action, it should not
be struck out. A reasonable cause of action means a cause of action with some
chance of success when the allegations in the pleadings are considered. So
long as the statement of claim or the particulars disclose some cause of
action or raise some question fit to be decided by the judge, the mere fact
that the case is weak and not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it
out. The plaintiff’s case here is based on the enforcement of the oral
agreement. Although I accept that the email correspondence put forth by the
defendants in their submission may suggest that an oral agreement in the
totality of what the plaintiff claims may not be as easily proved, it is still
possible for the plaintiff to succeed in showing that there was an oral
agreement formed between the plaintiff and the defendants on 24 November 2014.
Further, the details which the defendant claims are lacking from the pleadings
may be pursued with an application for further and better particulars.
Striking out the suit in its entirety is an inappropriate measure in response.
Lastly, the plaintiff’s counsel’s concession, if any, would only be limited to
the non-compete clause and does not extend to the oral agreement as a whole. I
therefore do not think that the plaintiff’s claim is factually unsustainable
whether it will ultimately succeed is for the trial judge to determine.

16 In conclusion, neither issue estoppel nor abuse of process is relevant in
this present application. It is a fresh action in which the claim is based on
an oral agreement now pleaded where it previously was not. There is now a
cause of action where previously there was none. The plaintiff could have
appealed previously and amend his statement of claim, which might likely
succeed, but he chose to let the bad pleadings be struck out and commenced
anew. I think he has a right to do so. Further, I do not find the plaintiff’s
claim to be factually unsustainable. For these reasons I allow the appeal with
costs here and below to be costs in the cause.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Twang Kern Zern and Jamie Tan (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff/appellant;  
Audrey Chiang and Nerissa Tan (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
defendants/respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

