Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURtS of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCF 16

HCF/RAS 22 of 2016

Between

TOW

… Appellant

And

TOV

… Respondent

In the Matter of Divorce Suit No 4700 of 2013

Summons 1096 of 2016

Between

TOV

… Plaintiff

And

TOW

… Defendant

judgment

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Judges] — [Recusal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TOW

  
v

  

TOV

[2016] SGHCF 16

High Court — Appeal from the Family Justice Courts No 22 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
14 November 2016

19 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 The question for determination in this appeal is whether a judge or tribunal
should recuse when he or she had in earlier proceedings on a separate but
factually connected matter made adverse findings and remarks in the course of
assessing the evidence of a dissatisfied party. The Appellant seeks the
recusal of the district judge (the “District Judge”) in the ancillary matters
hearing in the divorce proceedings between her and her ex-husband, as the same
district judge had earlier made a personal protection order against the
Appellant, in the course of which she had found the Appellant to be an
untruthful witness. The District Judge declined to recuse herself, leading to
the present appeal.

2 After consideration of the arguments and affidavits, I have for the reasons
below reached the conclusion that the appeal should be dismissed.

Background

3 The parties, the Appellant ex-wife and the Respondent ex-husband, were
married in August 2001, with three children to the marriage of which only one
– the eldest daughter who is now a teenager (“the Daughter”) – needs to be
mentioned specifically in the present proceedings. Divorce proceedings were
started by the Respondent in September 2013, with interim judgment granted in
December that year. What triggered the present recusal application is the
hearing by the District Judge of an application by the Respondent for a
Protection Order (“the PPO”) against the Appellant for the benefit of the
Daughter in 2014.

4 The District Judge granted the PPO after a trial. In reaching her decision
to grant the PPO (“the PPO decision”), the District Judge assessed the
evidence of the Appellant, found it to be wanting, and preferred the evidence
of the Daughter.

5 Subsequently, when the ancillary matters involving the children of the
marriage came up for case conference, the case conference judge asked the
parties which judge had previously heard matters pertaining to the divorce.
The parties’ counsel informed that two district judges had previously
adjudicated upon issues involving the children, being the District Judge and
another district judge who had heard an earlier custody application. The
ancillary matters were eventually fixed before the District Judge. Before the
District Judge, the Appellant’s counsel informed that the Appellant sought the
District Judge’s recusal. The Appellant was directed to make a formal
application. At the hearing of the recusal application, the District Judge
dismissed the application.

The District Judge’s Decision

6 In her Grounds of Decision (TOV v TOW [2016] SGFC 62) (“the GD”), the
District Judge noted the difference in approach between the law on recusal in
Singapore as opposed to that in England, at least since the House of Lords’
decision in R v Gough [1993] AC 646. In particular, in England, the applicable
standard is that of whether there is a real danger of bias on the part of the
relevant member of the tribunal, and the court answers this question from its
own perspective. On the other hand, in Singapore, the appropriate standard, as
set down in various cases such as Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 791; Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew and another [1997] 3
SLR(R) 576 (“Tang Liang Hong”); Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni [2007] 1
SLR(R) 85 (“Re Shankar Alan”); and Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v
Attorney-General [2013] 2 SLR 1108, is that of a reasonable suspicion of bias,
not from the perspective of the court but from that of a reasonable member of
the public with knowledge of the relevant facts. The District Judge also
considered Australian authorities.

7 The District Judge then examined cases where apparent bias was alleged
because the judge had previously made adverse rulings against a party in an
earlier matter. She referred to the increasing use of docketing where all
matters pertaining to a protracted case are assigned to the same judge, and
stated that such a trend would raise the question of whether (and when)
adverse findings made by a docket judge in earlier proceedings against one of
the parties should lead to recusal of the same judge such that he or she must
discontinue hearing the case or other related matters involving the same
parties. English authorities, primarily from the Court of Appeal of England
and Wales, were cited for a number of legal principles:

(a) Recusal should generally not occur unless the judge concludes that he or
she is unable to give a fair hearing, or a fair-minded and informed observer
would conclude that there was a real possibility that the judge would not be
able to give a fair hearing (Otkritie International Investment Management Ltd
& Ors v Urumov (2014) EWCA Civ 1315 (“Otkritie”));

(b) A judge is not precluded from hearing a dispute involving a party simply
because he had previously criticised the conduct of that party in the course
of his judgment on a matter, since if he had met out the criticism fairly and
judicially, he was simply exercising his judicial function and there will be
no reason for a fair-minded and informed observer to consider that there is
any possibility of bias (Otkritie; JSC BTA Bank v Ablyazov [2013] 1 WLR 1845
(“JSC BTA Bank”));

(c) However, if a judge had expressed his views in such outspoken, extreme or
unbalanced terms as to cast doubt on his ability to approach the subsequent
case with an open judicial mind, then he should recuse himself (Locabail (UK)
Ltd v Bayfield Properties Ltd (2000) QB 451 (“Locabail”); JSC BTA Bank;
Otkritie);

(d) The passing of time would weaken any danger of bias (Locabail);

(e) Recusal should not be too readily done, as this would undermine the
advantages of having a single judge determine the procedural and substantive
parts of a case (Otkritie).

The District Judge noted that some of the above principles, particularly that
in sub-paragraph (c) above and the related observations by the English court
in Otkritie, have been adopted by the Singapore High Court: see Ong Wui Teck v
Ong Wui Soon [2016] 2 SLR 1067 at [25].

8 Responding to the Appellant’s arguments below that Australian cases should
be followed in preference to those of England, the District Judge found that
those cases, namely Vakauta v Kelly (1989) 167 CLR 569, Hearst & Hearst and
Ors [2011] FamCA 470 and Murray & Tomas and anor [2011] FamCACF 81 (“Murray”)
were actually not inconsistent with the authorities in England. The District
Judge further cited another Australian case, Jarrah & Fadel (Disqualification)
[2015] FamCAFC 163, as an illustration for the principle that unless there are
clear and substantiated grounds for recusal, the fears of a litigant that a
judge might not be impartial are not sufficient.

9 The District Judge then found that the allegations made by the Appellant
below were not such as to give rise to a reasonable suspicion of bias from the
viewpoint of a reasonable observer sitting in court with knowledge of the
relevant facts. The District Judge noted that when she made adverse findings
of fact against the Appellant in the PPO decision, she was simply exercising
her judicial function in dealing with the matters in controversy raised in the
PPO application. She had made those findings on the balance of probabilities,
based on evidence presented after a two-day trial. Neither were the findings
and views she expressed of such an outspoken, extreme or unbalanced nature as
to raise in a reasonable observer doubt in her ability to deal with the
subsequent ancillary matter issues fairly. She had provided in her written
grounds for the PPO decision (TCV (On behalf of Child, A) v TCU [2015] SGFC 3
(“the PPO GD”)) her objective reasons for preferring the evidence of the
Daughter to that of the Appellant. Furthermore, the issues dealt with in the
PPO decision were relevant to the determination of the ancillary matters which
involve the children of the marriage, and would form part of the universe of
materials that the judge hearing the ancillary matters would have to consider.
Hence, even if another judge were to hear the ancillary matters, he would have
to refer to the District Judge’s PPO GD, and consequently, he would not be in
any position different from that of the District Judge.

10 As for the Appellant’s allegations below that the District Judge’s findings
in her PPO decision had caused her relationship with the Daughter to
deteriorate such that she had not seen the Daughter for two years, the
District Judge noted that that was unfortunate. However, the underlying
reasons for the problems between the Appellant and the Daughter had to be
resolved at the hearing of the ancillary matters, and as far as the recusal
application was concerned, the Appellant’s allegations about the impact of the
District Judge’s PPO decision was based mainly on her personal fears and
thoughts unconnected to whether the District Judge can act with fairness or
impartiality at the hearing of the ancillary matters.

11 The adverse feelings that the Appellant harboured towards the District
Judge was also not sufficient ground for recusal. A judge should not recuse
simply to avoid the discomfort of hearing a case involving his critic: Triodos
Bank v Dobbs [2005] EWCA Civ 468 at [7].

12 As for complaints by the Appellant about the management of the proceedings
for the PPO application, such as the absence of mandatory counselling and the
scheduling of the hearing one day before the Daughter’s examinations, the
District Judge found these to be irrelevant to the question of apparent bias
on her part and they were, in any event, not matters that were dealt with by
her.

The Appellant’s Case

13 The Appellant raised various circumstances in support of her case that the
District Judge ought to have recused herself. The District Judge failed to
advise the parties to go for counselling before allowing the PPO application
to go to trial. She had made adverse findings against the Appellant in the PPO
decision; she had found the Appellant an incredible witness, and her evidence
unreliable and untruthful. The District Judge also found that the Appellant
had caned the Daughter not for the purpose of discipline. All in all, the PPO
decision labelled the Appellant as an abusive mother and liar, and the
findings by the District Judge discredited the Appellant as a person and made
her appear unworthy as a mother in the eyes of the Daughter. As a result, the
Appellant has not seen her daughter for over two years, and the Appellant now
views the District Judge as the person who has taken the Daughter away from
her.

14 At the trial for the PPO application, the District Judge allowed the
admission of the Respondent’s evidence alleging that the Appellant had abused
drugs even though the Respondent’s allegations were but bare assertions
unsupported by objective evidence. The District Judge appeared to have been
influenced by the Respondent’s evidence and this created a reasonable
suspicion that the District Judge would have preconceived ideas about the
Appellant’s parental fitness.

15 The Appellant argued that a reasonable or fair-minded and informed member
of the public would have a reasonable suspicion that the District Judge would
have a pre-conceived notion of the Appellant’s character, having found against
the Appellant in the hearing of the PPO application. Such a member of the
public would also have a reasonable suspicion that the District Judge would be
unconsciously affected by bias if she were to now hear the ancillary matters,
having previously made adverse findings about the Appellant including that she
was a liar unworthy of credit. The ancillary matters would cover the same
issues as those covered in the PPO application. The District Judge, having
found that a PPO was necessary, had found that the Daughter’s safety and
welfare required intervention by the courts. This would colour her
determination of the ancillary matters. In these circumstances, there would be
a reasonable suspicion of bias if the District Judge continues hearing the
ancillary matters and eventually makes a decision that is adverse to the
Appellant.

16 The Appellant, her mother and friends, who are fair-minded and informed
members of the public, have all questioned the fairness of the ancillary
matters being heard by the same judge who had heard the PPO application. The
recusal application should be allowed as public confidence was of paramount
importance, and any person before the court should not have any apprehension
that the judge may be subject to unconscious bias. Anything which has the
slightest effect on public confidence and trust has to be addressed, and there
has to be absolutely no suspicion of bias. Justice has to be seen to be done,
and it would help ensure public confidence if the ancillary matters are not
heard by the District Judge.

17 Further, the Appellant submitted that the District Judge had applied the
wrong test, by relying on Otkritie which referred to the need for substantial
evidence of actual or imputed bias before a judge would need to recuse
himself: this was consistent with the real danger of bias test rather than the
reasonable suspicion test that is applicable in Singapore. The District Judge
cited UK authorities, but these were inapplicable in Singapore. The reference
by the District Judge to Ong Wui Teck was also misplaced, as that was a case
concerned with actual bias. The reference in Ong Wui Teck to Otkritie was only
a reference to an observation of the English Court, and the UK principles have
neither been approved nor adopted in Singapore. The District Judge was also
wrong to invoke the docketing system as a justification for her decision as
the PPO application was not part of the divorce proceedings, and was a quasi-
criminal matter. The adverse findings made by the District Judge in the PPO
decision were akin to a finding of guilt under s 321 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) for voluntarily causing hurt. Further, the present case was
a simple divorce case as opposed to a long or complex one and so the District
Judge reliance on Otkritie was misplaced.

18 It was emphasised that had the District Judge applied the reasonable
suspicion test, she would have concluded that the Appellant had shown that
given the facts of the case, a reasonable member of the public could harbour a
suspicion of bias on her part, and recused herself. Other judges are available
to hear the ancillary matters.

The Respondent’s case

19 The Respondent argues that the District Judge had used the correct test in
determining the recusal application. She had referred to the relevant
authorities, including Re Shankar Alan, which applied the reasonable suspicion
of bias test. The District Judge was aware of and alive to the differences
between the law in Singapore and that in the UK, as well as that in Australia.
Ong Wui Teck was cited and referred to in respect of the proposition that the
mere fact that a judge had previously heard a related matter and made an
adverse ruling or comment against a litigant is not a basis for recusal of the
judge in a subsequent matter involving that litigant. English authorities were
considered by the High Court in Ong Wui Teck in respect of this holding. That
Ong Wui Teck was concerned with an allegation of actual bias is irrelevant and
has no bearing on the fact that the case is still authority, which is binding
on the District Judge, in respect of the proposition put forth on recusal
following adverse comments made by a judge in a prior related matter.

20 The question is not whether adverse findings against the Appellant were
ever made but whether the test for apparent bias has been fulfilled.
Otherwise, no judge could hear matters if they had made adverse findings
against a litigant in an earlier matter, and this would undermine the docket
system and the early assignment of judges to cases.

21 The Appellant has not referred the court to any outspoken, extreme or
unbalanced views that were expressed by the District Judge in the PPO GD. The
mere fact that the District Judge had made findings against the Appellant and
had granted the PPO are not sufficient to meet the test for apparent bias. The
District Judge’s findings were based on the evidence, and they were objective,
fair and considered, backed by detailed reasons for why she preferred the
evidence of the Daughter against the Appellant, who she found to be untruthful
and unreliable because of inconsistencies in evidence. The District Judge was
merely just exercising her judicial functions and duties. Furthermore, the
adverse findings she made were upheld on appeal to the High Court.

22 The Australian cases such as Murray are consistent with the District
Judge’s ruling. There was a finding of false evidence that took the facts of
that case to a different level.

23 Contrary to the arguments of the Appellant, PPO proceedings are not quasi-
criminal in nature: Tan Hock Chuan v Tan Tiong Hwa [2002] 2 SLR(R) 90 (“Tan
Hock Chuan”). A finding or conviction of a criminal offence does not arise
from the granting of a PPO order.

24 Nor can there be any reasonable suspicion that the District Judge had
formed preconceived ideas of the Appellant’s fitness as a parent because she
had admitted and heard evidence of allegations of drug use by the Appellant.
Such evidence was admitted in the PPO proceedings; if any complaint were to be
made against such evidence, it should have been made in that set of
proceedings. In any case, the District Judge did not actually make any finding
of fact on whether the Appellant had indeed abused drugs; she had referred to
the Appellant’s alleged drug abuse in the PPO GD only as background in setting
out each party’s version of the facts. In any event, the District Judge was
not influenced by the allegations of drug abuse in reaching her decision.

25 The District Judge would not be unconsciously affected by her pervious
findings against the Appellant. No evidence has been given to substantiate the
assertions that the District Judge would be so affected. The court needs to
approach the question of whether there would be reasonable suspicion of bias
not from the Appellant’s view, but from the view of a reasonable fair-minded
observer. The Court of Appeal in Tang Liang Hong had also cautioned against
judges being too ready to recuse themselves upon allegations of apparent bias
that are not substantiated.

26 The findings made in the PPO decision would be one of the various matters
that would be considered by the court hearing the ancillary matters. The
District Judge, contrary to the arguments of the Appellant, took note that
matters examined in the PPO decision would be relevant to the ancillary
matters proceedings, but that the weight and consideration to be given to
those matters would be a separate matter to be determined during the ancillary
matters hearing. Even if the PPO application had been heard by a different
judge, the decision for that would still be relevant in the ancillary matters
hearing.

27 The Appellant’s personal feelings about the District Judge hearing the
ancillary matters do not feature in the test for recusal.

28 The Respondent also pointed out that the Appellant had on 19 February 2016
filed an application for the appointment of a child issue expert to prepare a
report for the purpose of assisting the court in dealing with the ancillary
matters. The Appellant has made no objection to the District Judge hearing
that application. The Respondent submitted that the Appellant should not be
allowed to pick and choose when to allege apparent bias.

The Decision

29 I found that the Appellant has not successfully made out her case that the
judge should be recused. A fair-minded reasonable member of the public with
knowledge of the relevant facts would not have the suspicion or apprehension
that the District Judge would be biased.

Analysis

Basis of application

30 Counsel for the Applicant made it clear that there is no allegation of
actual bias. Actual bias requires strong proof. For the record, it should be
made clear that there is nothing in the PPO GD to show any actual lack of
impartiality by the District Judge. The very fact that the PPO decision was
upheld on appeal makes it much harder for any actual bias to be made out. Only
apparent bias will be considered in this judgment.

The Law on Apparent Bias

31 The law on recusal for apparent bias in Singapore was laid down in Re
Shankar Alan. The test is whether the circumstances complained of would give
rise to a reasonable suspicion or apprehension in a fair-minded reasonable
person with knowledge of the relevant facts that the judge is biased. The
assessment is made on an objective basis, but with the actual knowledge of the
relevant facts. The fact that the yardstick is the perception of a fair-minded
and reasonable person excludes any particularly sensitivity or brittleness as
to how the judge’s actions or statements should be judged.

32 As a number of Australian and English authorities were considered in the
decision below, it would be appropriate for me to mention briefly the tests as
they now stand in these jurisdictions. In England, the test applies a
different standard of probability, namely that of a real danger of bias. As
noted in Re Shankar Alan (at [66]), the basis of the English test is that it
looks to the real possibility or danger or risk of the tribunal or judge being
biased. In comparison, the reasonable suspicion test, which is the test under
Singapore law, takes an objective assessment of the appearance of bias, and
bases the doctrine on the need to ensure public confidence: see Re Shankar
Alan at [75]. The reasons for not following the English position have been
well considered in Re Shankar Alan and do not need to be revisited here.

33 The Australian courts apply a test broadly similar to that in Singapore,
looking at reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias, but split the
analysis into two steps (see, eg, Murray at [27]):

(a) Step 1: Whether a reasonable observer would form the perception of an
absence of impartiality on the part of the judge, if he is to hear further
proceedings between the parties; and

(b) Step 2: Whether a nexus exists between the lack of impartiality and the
issues requiring determination in the future.

The second step of the Australian formulation requiring a nexus focuses on a
link between the possible bias and the issues that the judge would be required
to determine in the future if he does not recuse himself. This approach has
not been adopted in Singapore thus far. I do not think that is appropriate to
do so given that the reasonable suspicion test is aimed at considering the
perception of bias measured through a hypothetical observer. Since the issue
is one of reasonable perception, whether or not a nexus exists would seem
immaterial. The real issue is what would be a reasonable suspicion.

34 As the test in Singapore adopts the standard of the fair-minded person’s
reasonable suspicion of bias, this brings in an objective viewpoint. The
vantage point is one founded on reasonableness and fair-mindedness, with
knowledge of the facts of the case. This means that the normal work of and
discharge of functions by a judge would not be, unless the specific facts of a
case are exceptional, matters that would give rise to a reasonable suspicion
or apprehension of bias. A judge in our adversarial system would be expected
to sift through the evidence, choose one side’s version of the facts to the
other’s, and normally, in the absence of objective evidence, reach conclusions
on credit and credibility. If the judge considers that witnesses have been
mistaken, deficient, or untruthful, the judge should make the necessary
findings. The judge is not expected to be gingerly or tactful to the point of
obscuring necessary findings. The courtroom is certainly not an arena for
trial by combat, or for the flagellation of witnesses, but there is no safe
zone against adverse findings in the courtroom: the court is concerned with
the proof of a case, and will need to evaluate the credit and credibility of
the witnesses who testify.

35 That I believe underlies the approach of the English Court of Appeal in
Otkritie that a judge is not barred from hearing a matter simply because he
may have criticised a party’s conduct in an earlier judgment. A similar
observation was made in Locabail.

36 The growth and multiplying of procedures and the increasing number of types
of applications that may be made on the one hand, and the drive to make
efficient use of judicial resources on the other, mean that often a specific
judge may need to hear multiple parts of what is essentially a single case.
The odds are also increased that the same parties may be involved in different
applications arising out of the same or related facts. An important
consideration has been the need to ensure that litigants should not pick their
own judges or disrupt proceedings: In re JRL (1986) 161 CLR 342 at 352, as
cited in Locabail at [22]. Against that backdrop, the primary concern of the
apparent bias rule is to root out any untoward behaviour that goes beyond the
pale.

37 Contrary to the arguments of the Appellant, I find that the District judge
applied the appropriate test, and was alive to the distinction between the
reasonable suspicion test that is the law in Singapore, and the test applied
in England. The District Judge did cite Ong Wui Teck, an actual bias case, as
well as the authorities considered in that decision, such as Otkritie and
Locabail, but this was for guidance in respect of analogous factual
situations, namely the type of previous adverse finding of fact or credibility
that would call for the recusal of a judge. The observations and
considerations made in Ong Wui Teck in respect of such factual situations
would still be useful in an apparent bias case as they can show how a recusal
application based on previous adverse findings by a judge should be treated,
whether actual or apparent bias was alleged. Even if different tests were
applied, that would not necessarily give rise to different results in
different factual situations. It is noteworthy that the Appellant has not
shown how differently the factual situations in this case would have been
dealt with on applying a reasonable suspicion test, even assuming that she is
right in her allegation that the District Judge had erred in not applying the
reasonable suspicion test in the first place. The simple point is that they
would not have been treated any differently. There may indeed be differences
in outcome in some factual situations depending on the test applied, but not
here. The English cases were considered in Ong Wui Teck for the factual
matrices involved, and not for the test for bias applied there. They could
therefore be legitimately referred to by the District Judge.

38 The Appellant also seems to argue that the District Judge wrongly took the
observations in the English decisions cited in Ong Wui Teck as principles of
law when they were merely obiter. It suffices to note that observations,
statements, and pronouncements, however styled, may be persuasive even if they
were not part of the ratio of a particular case: indeed, most important
principles of law are culled not from the actual holding of cases, but from
the exposition of reasoning.

39 In the course of oral arguments, counsel for the Appellant referred to the
remarks of then judicial commissioner Sundaresh Menon in the opening of the
judgment of Re Shankar Alan and argued that that encapsulated the approach
that should be adopted in the present case. Menon JC said (at [1]):

The applicant reaches out to that hallowed principle: justice must not only be
done but it must manifestly be seen to be done. He contends that this
principle has been violated in his case. What do these words really mean? Are
they simply a nice sounding tagline expressing a pious aspiration? Or do these
words in fact express an uncompromising standard which serves to guarantee
that those having business before judicial and quasi-judicial bodies in this
country will not go away harbouring any reasonably held apprehensions that
they have not been fairly dealt with?

40 I do not see those remarks as introducing a legal test. The whole point of
the above comments in Re Shankar Alan was to reiterate the appropriate test
for apparent bias that should be applied in Singapore. Those remarks reflect
the underlying objectives, but are not criteria to be applied in determining
whether apparent bias is made out. Furthermore, it is clear that the measure
is that of a reasonably held apprehension: the primary gauge is an objective
one.

The specific allegations

41 I find that no apparent bias has arisen here. The remarks made by the
District Judge were made in the course of her assessment of the evidence
before her in the PPO proceedings: these remarks may have been robust, but do
not evince any hostility towards the Appellant or are of such a nature that
they should be regarded as being untoward. Neither is the fact that the
District Judge had previously heard the PPO application and found against the
Appellant sufficient ground to require her to recuse from hearing the
ancillary matters. There would not have been a reasonable suspicion on the
part of a reasonable member of the public that the District Judge is biased
against the Appellant.

Remarks made by the District Judge

42 It is clear that in determining a recusal application premised upon adverse
findings or remarks made by a judge against a litigant in prior proceedings,
the focus of the Court’s concern is whether those remarks that were made would
reasonably and fairly trigger a concern that the judge would bring in
extraneous matters to the determination of the present case. The mere fact
that the judge had previously made adverse comments or findings against a
litigant is, on its own, not sufficient for a recusal application to succeed.
In Locabail, after considering the factors which would not generally give rise
to a real danger of bias (applying the English test), the English Court of
Appeal stated at [25]:

… By contrast, a real danger of bias might well be thought to arise if … in a
case where the credibility of any individual were an issue to be decided by
the judge, he had in a previous case rejected the evidence of that person in
such outspoken terms as to throw doubt on his ability to approach such
person's evidence with an open mind on any later occasion; or if on any
question at issue in the proceedings before him the judge had expressed views,
particularly in the course of the hearing, in such extreme and unbalanced
terms as to throw doubt on his ability to try the issue with an objective
judicial mind (see Vakauta v. Kelly (1989) 167 C.L.R. 568); or if, for any
other reason, there were real ground for doubting the ability of the judge to
ignore extraneous considerations, prejudices and predilections and bring an
objective judgment to bear on the issues before him. The mere fact that a
judge, earlier in the same case or in a previous case, had commented adversely
on a party or witness, or found the evidence of a party or witness to be
unreliable, would not without more found a sustainable objection. In most
cases, we think, the answer, one way or the other, will be obvious.

43 In the present case, the remarks made by the District Judge in the PPO
proceedings were in the normal course of assessing the evidence. It is part
and parcel of the judicial process for evidence to be weighed, and accepted or
rejected. The mere rejection of a party’s evidence is not by itself an
indication of actual bias, or pertinently for the present case, a matter which
would create a reasonable suspicion of bias.

44 The remarks complained of were expanded by the Appellant in oral arguments,
and related to the District Judge’s findings on the evidence. The District
Judge did state the following in the PPO GD:

(a) The Appellant gave inconsistent accounts (at [31] and [36] of the PPO GD)
(the Appellant here was referred to as “the Respondent” in the PPO GD);

(b) At trial, the Appellant did an about turn from her affidavit. She failed
to explain why she drastically changed her evidence (at [34] of the PPO GD);

(c) The Appellant’s testimony was riddled with inconsistencies and her
evidence was unreliable (at [35] of the PPO GD);

(d) The Appellant was “unable to untangle herself from her web of lies” (at
[37] of the PPO GD);

(e) The Appellant had changed her evidence after receiving the complainant’s
affidavits, upon realising that what she had initially admitted to would
weaken her defence. She had also said untruthful things in her affidavit (at
[38] of the PPO GD);

(f) The Appellant was uncertain about her evidence, and was unable to give
credible explanations for the innumerable inconsistencies in her evidence (at
[42] of the PPO GD); and

(g) The Appellant had no qualms about shifting her evidence (at [43] of the
PPO GD).

In addition, the District Judge noted (at [45] of the PPO GD) that the
behaviour of the Appellant (and the Appellant’s mother) was inappropriate at
certain times during the hearing of the PPO application, even when she was not
giving evidence, including after the oral decision was given. It should be
noted that no complaints were made by the Appellant about the conduct of the
District Judge in the course of the PPO proceedings.

45 In my view, there is nothing in the findings or statements of the District
Judge in the PPO GD that displayed such intemperate language that a reasonable
perception of bias would be engendered. The rule against apparent bias is not
meant to be a check on language used – assessment of evidence and conclusions
on credibility need to be weighed against what was adduced. In the present
case, the use of phrases such as “web of lies”, and “shifting of evidence” was
based on the assessment of evidence. The use of such phrases is, on the face
of it, part of an assessment of the inconsistencies that the District Judge
was concerned about and which played a role in her determination of the PPO
application. The assessment of evidence was carefully done. While the District
Judge concluded that the Appellant lied and was inconsistent in giving her
evidence, she did not express any conclusion that the Appellant was totally
incapable of belief. It is clear looking at the language and reasoning of the
District Judge that her conclusions were specific to the case and what was
adduced before her in the PPO proceedings. In view of that, it could not be
said that a reasonable and fair- minded member of the public would have the
suspicion that there was such a closing of the mind as to the credit or
credibility of the Appellant that the District Judge would not be able to
discharge her duties fairly in the subsequent ancillary matters proceedings,
or that the District Judge had taken such a view that she would reasonably be
thought of as being bias.

46 Importantly, as raised by the Respondent, the District Judge’s findings in
the PPO decision were upheld on appeal. There has thus been scrutiny of the
District Judge’s decision, and the fact that such scrutiny did not lead to a
reversal of her decision underlines that her assessment of the evidence was
properly done. But even had the PPO decision been reversed, this does not mean
that a reasonable suspicion of bias would necessarily have been engendered. An
error in law or fact does not mean that bias was present or an appearance of
bias created: see Tang Liang Hong at [60], reproduced below:

… the thrust of Mr Gray’s criticism is not about the correctness of the
orders, but that these orders gave rise to an appearance of bias. With
respect, this criticism is untenable. It is one thing to say that an order
made by a judge is extraordinary and unusual or it is wrong; it is quite
another to say that there was an appearance of bias on the part of the judge
in making the order because it is so extraordinary and unusual. Even if the
learned judge had erred in law or on the facts in making the orders or any of
them, such error cannot be translated into an appearance of bias on the part
of the learned judge.

47 I do take note of the Australian authorities cited in arguments. In Murray,
the Full Court of the Family Court of Australia at Sydney (“the Full Court”),
in a judgment delivered by Coleman J, considered arguments in an appeal
against the refusal of the first instance judge to recuse. The complaint was
that the first instance judge lacked impartiality because of certain remarks
that he had made regarding the reliability of the evidence of one of the
parties. Those remarks were made at a preliminary hearing pending the final
full hearing. The first instance judge had, among other things, stated his
views that the complainant had exaggerated or prevaricated in relation to her
evidence, had given “unreliable” evidence, and basically that some of her
evidence was untrue. The Full Court found that there was nothing in the
reasons provided by the first instance judge which suggested that he retained,
or could be expected to retain, an open mind at the subsequent final hearing,
and that the same issues would be canvassed there in the subsequent
proceeding. In the circumstances, the Full Court was of the view that the
first step of the analysis for finding a reasonable suspicion or apprehension
of bias (see [33] above) was satisfied. That decision could perhaps be
distinguished from the present case, as the earlier proceedings referred to in
Murray was intricately linked to the later proceedings. In fact, as the
District Judge noted at [45] of the GD, the subject of the complaint in Murray
were findings made at interim interlocutory proceedings which foreshadowed the
final hearing, and the issues upon which the first instance judge had to
determine at the interim proceedings would be the very same issues that fall
to be determined at the final hearing. After reviewing the remarks made by the
first instance judge at the earlier proceedings, the Full Court was of the
view that the first instance judge had already formed views on the issues at
the earlier proceedings, and could not be expected to retain an open mind with
respect to the same issues if he were to preside over the final hearing. This
is not the case here, given my findings at [45] above.

48 Similarly, in Stephens v Stephens (Disqualification) [2010] FamCAFC 206
(“Stephens”), the Full Court of the Family Court of Australia at Melbourne
came to the conclusion that adverse findings and remarks made by a judge
against a litigant’s credibility could give rise to a reasonable apprehension
of bias of the same judge against that litigant in subsequent proceedings. In
that case, the first instance judge, Strickland J, had concluded in the
earlier proceedings that the complainant had, inter alia, an “egocentric
personality” and had concocted stories or falsely suggested facts. The Full
Court said at [41]:

We are not persuaded that the cumulative effect of the findings, observations
or statements previously made by Strickland J established a reasonable
apprehension of bias. There is a material distinction between findings of
fact, observations and statements made by a trial judge in the course of
reasons for judgment following the trial of contested proceedings, and things
said by a trial judge at earlier times in the proceedings. In many cases, the
proper exercise of judicial power calls for robust findings with respect to
credibility... Strickland J formed an adverse view of the husband’s
credibility. It may well be said that Strickland J could not be seen as
bringing an impartial mind to the determination of any further proceedings in
which the husband’s credibility was an issue.

The Court however found (at [42]) that even if the cumulative effect of the
findings, observations and statements of Strickland J established a reasonable
apprehension of bias, it was not established that there was any connection
between any such bias and the issues to be determined at the subsequent
proceedings, which was for a costs application (ie the second step of the
analysis for finding a reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias (see [33]
above) was not satisfied).

49 There are some parallels that could be drawn between the remarks made by
the District Judge in the present case and that made by the first instance
judge in Murray, in terms of the language used, though what was expressed in
Murray was a little stronger. That authority is not binding upon me, and in
any event, as has been noted in various cases, recusal is a fact-sensitive
exercise. The facts of Murray are distinguishable from the present case (see
[47] above). As for Stephens, the court there ultimately rejected the
applications because of the lack of connection between the apparent bias and
the determination to be made by the judge in the subsequent proceedings. As
noted above (at [33]), I do not think it is necessary to adopt the Australian
two-step test: the approach in Re Shankar Alan provides sufficient and
adequate guidance. But as far as the first stage of the Australian test is
concerned, I am of the view that the finding in those two Australian decisions
that the first stage of the test was met, ie that the remarks gave rise to
reasonable suspicion or apprehension of bias, should not be followed here. In
the final analysis, the facts in the present case are sufficiently different
from those in Murray and Stephens, and the comments made by the District Judge
were of a different scale as those made in the two Australian cases.

Adverse findings

50 Even if the District Judge had found grounds to grant a PPO against the
Appellant that does not mean that a reasonable suspicion of bias would
necessarily be established if she hears the subsequent ancillary matters
pertaining to the children of the marriage. A fair-minded reasonable observer
or member of the public would accept that a judge would carry out judicial
duties conscientiously, and would not readily or easily slip in thinking, by
letting previous adverse findings against the Appellant close his or her mind
in subsequent ancillary matters proceedings.

51 In Otkritie, the English Court of Appeal, after reviewing a number of
cases, summarised the position as such at [22]:

There is thus a consistent body of authority to the effect that bias is not to
be imputed to a judge by reason of his previous rulings or decisions in the
same case (in which a party has participated and been heard) unless it can be
shown he is likely to reach his decision “by reference to extraneous matters
or predilections or preferences”.

52 In JSC BTA Bank, the court considered the scenario of prejudging where
committal proceedings are undertaken in the midst of complex civil litigation:
would a judge who has dealt with the committal of a party earlier in the
process be precluded from hearing the civil matter subsequently? Rix LJ ,
delivering the judgment of the court, noted as follows:

[68] Special considerations may arise in such cases. Where a judge has had to
form and express a view as to the credibility of a party or an important
witness as a result of such cross-examination, should that require the recusal
of that judge from further involvement in the litigation, even where he does
so, as in this case, in moderate terms? Committal applications have to be
judged on the criminal standard of proof, so that, where such an application
has resulted in a finding of contempt of court, the judge has applied a
standard of proof higher than that of a civil trial.

[69] On the other hand, in any event the findings of the judge are part of the
res gestae of the proceedings. They are, as it were, writings on the wall, and
would need to be considered (subject to appeal of course), for any relevance,
in any subsequent proceedings and at trial, by the same judge or by any other
judge. They may not even be appealed, or, as in this case, they may be
appealed and upheld, so that in either event it is not possible to say that
the judge was in error. In this connection, certain findings might give rise
to issue estoppels, which would not only have to be taken into consideration
by any judge at trial but would be binding on him, as Mr Béar accepts. What
then is the difference between the judge who bears in mind his own findings
and observations, and another judge who reads what the first judge has
written, as he must be entitled to do? Mr Béar submits that in the case of the
first judge who has heard and written, the impact of what he has learned is
the more direct, immediate and powerful, and that that is a critical
distinction. However, it seems to me that, unless the first judge has shown by
some judicial error, such as the use of intemperate, let me say unjudicial,
language, or some misjudgement which might set up a complaint of the
appearance of bias, the fair-minded and informed observer is unlikely to think
that the first judge is in any different position from the second judge -
other than that he is more experienced in the litigation.

Thus, a fair-minded member of the public would not come to the conclusion, in
the absence of some other trigger, that the judge who had heard the first
matter would be cloaked with bias in the subsequent proceeding. Rix LJ then
highlighted that what the judge undertakes in a case is the performance of his
judicial function, and that the consideration of the earlier matters would
legitimately be part and parcel of the relevant matters that would have to be
scrutinised in coming to a determination:

[70] In this connection, it seems to me that the critical consideration is
that what the first judge does he does as part and parcel of his judicial
assessment of the litigation before him: he is not "pre-judging" by reference
to extraneous matters or predilections or preferences. He is not even bringing
to this litigation matters from another case (as may properly occur in the
situation discussed in ex parte Lewin, approved in Livesey). He is judging the
matter before him, as he is required by his office to do. If he does so fairly
and judicially, I do not see that the fair-minded and informed observer would
consider that there was any possibility of bias. I refer to the helpful
concept of a judge being "influenced for or against one or other party for
reasons extraneous to the legal or factual merits of the case" (AF (No 2) at
para 53). I have also found assistance in this context in Lord Bingham's
concept of the "objective judgment". The judge has been at all times bringing
his objective judgment to bear on the material in this case, and he will
continue to do so. Any other judge would have to do so, on the same material,
which would necessarily include this judge's own judgments

Hence, if there is no indication of any unfairness on the part of the judge,
there would not be a reasonable suspicion of bias under the test.

53 It was noted at [71] of JSC BTA Bank that different problems may be
presented if at a pre-trial hearing of a criminal case a judge decides what is
in effect an ultimate issue of guilt or innocence and is subsequently asked to
determine what is essentially the same issue at trial. That difficulty does
not, however, arise in the present case, as PPO proceedings are civil in
nature: see Tan Hock Chuan and [60] – [61] below.

54 In the present case, the finding made by the District Judge in the PPO
proceedings would be material for any judge hearing the ancillary matters
which relate to the children of the marriage. Relevant prior findings would
almost always be material in subsequent proceedings. Furthermore, the findings
made in the PPO proceedings do not necessarily compel an adverse conclusion
against the Appellant in the ancillary matters. As noted by the Respondent,
the consideration of the ancillary matters brings into play a whole host of
factors, over and beyond those considered in a PPO application.

55 The power of the Court in divorce proceedings to make orders in respect of
the custody, care and control of the children born to a marriage is conferred
by s 124 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). Section 125(2) makes
it clear that the welfare of the child is paramount. In comparison, protection
orders are governed by s 65 of the Women’s Charter, under which the Court has
the power to, if it is being satisfied on the balance of probabilities that
family violence has been or is likely to be committed, make a protection
order. This is not the appropriate place to go into the respective case law
concerning these two areas, but it is apparent that while one may be relevant
to the other, the considerations are distinct. The fact that a PPO adverse to
one party has been made does not axiomatically lead to a specific
determination in subsequent ancillary matters proceedings pertaining to the
custody of the subject of the PPO.

56 Thus, in the circumstances of the present case, a reasonable suspicion of
bias would not arise in a fair-minded observer. Such a person would be aware
that the determination of a PPO application for the protection of a child
would not, by itself, determine the outcome of the ancillary proceedings, even
if the ancillary matters are as to the award of custody, care or control of
the same child. The former is focused on protection against family violence
while the latter entails consideration of a spectrum of factors, including
most importantly the welfare of the child.

57 A fair-minded member of the public would also accept that judges would aim
to fulfil their duties conscientiously and would not readily conclude that a
judge could not separate in his or her mind the findings made in one set of
proceedings from that in another. Such a fair-minded person would also not
readily think that a judge could not bring a fresh understanding and
perspective to subsequent proceedings, despite an earlier finding adverse to
one side; certainly, if there were evidence of intemperate or exaggerated
language accompanying the finding, the-fair minded member of the public may
have a reasonable suspicion of bias. But in the absence of such language or
particular facts, there would not be such suspicion. Any discomfort, dislike
or concern that the Appellant or those allied with her feel against the
District Judge do not show grounds for recusal.

Miscellaneous issues

58 A number of miscellaneous issues may be dealt with relatively briefly.

Alleged drug abuse by the Appellant

59 I accept that the District Judge did not, in the course of the PPO
proceedings, actually find that the Appellant had abused drugs. As argued by
the Respondent’s counsel here (see [24] above), the consideration of the
allegations of drug abuse in the PPO GD was but part of the District Judge’s
exposition of the background facts. It did not play a role in her findings.
But even if the District Judge had made a finding against the Appellant on the
alleged drug abuse, such a finding would not, on its own, have precluded the
District Judge from hearing the subsequent ancillary matters. As noted above,
ancillary matters of custody, care and control of a child are determined by a
range of considerations, particularly the child’s welfare.

Nature of PPO proceedings

60 This is not really essential to my decision in this case. But what I
understand the District Judge to be saying in the GD is that because of the
docket system, it would not be unusual for judges to find themselves in
similar situations where they hear different matters involving the same
parties. It is in that context that the District Judge considered that the PPO
proceedings were part of the divorce proceedings. I understand the Appellant
to disagree with that, arguing that PPO matters could not be part of divorce
proceedings as they are criminal in nature. That the factual grounds for a PPO
may give rise to possible offences does not cloak the PPO with a criminal
nature. This has been made clear in Tan Hock Chuan. PPO proceedings are civil
in nature. Breach of a PPO may give rise to a criminal offence under s 65(8)
of the Women’s Charter, but that is a separate matter involving separate
proceedings.

61 I do note that the Family Justice Act 2014 (Act 27 of 2014) refers to
“quasi-criminal proceedings”. While the term is undefined, it would seem that
it is intended to cover various proceedings which are not clearly civil in
nature. There is nothing in the Family Justice Act 2014, and I see no reason,
to conclude that that term is intended to characterise PPO proceedings in a
way that would be relevant for present purposes.

Application for appointment of child welfare expert

62 A point taken by the Respondent was that the Appellant had not raised any
objection with the District Judge hearing an application made by the Appellant
for the appointment of a child issue expert (see [28] above). Before me, there
was some dispute between the parties about the exact circumstances: the
Appellant said that there was a consent order for the appointment of the child
issue expert, while the Respondent said that there was no consent. Be that as
it may, even if the order was not consensual, I would not have taken a
decision by the Appellant to not raise any objection with the District Judge
hearing that application as indicating a lack of bona fides on the part of the
Appellant in the present recusal application. The former application on the
appointment of the child issue expert is a relatively limited application.

Practicalities

63 The present case has not actually raised issues concerning the operation
and management of docketed cases, which would generally entail determination
by the same judge of interlocutory matters pertaining to a main case. But
given that docketing is increasingly adopted in view of its advantages, some
remarks are appropriate. The docket judge will often need to choose between
competing factual allegations. In doing so, he will weigh, accept or reject
the veracity, credit and credibility of witnesses. Unless the judge has made
remarks that are so untoward or unsupported by the evidence, prior findings
and prior pronouncements made by him against a litigant would not debar him
from deciding other interlocutory matters or the main case on the basis of
apparent bias. Such assessment of the credibility of witnesses is simply part
and parcel of the normal discharge of judicial duties and functions, which a
judge would be expected to carry out professionally in a disinterested manner.
Without some evidence of remark or conduct by the judge of an out-of-the-
ordinary nature, there would be nothing to excite reasonable suspicion of
apparent bias.

Conclusion

64 The Appellant’s application was thus not made out, and the District Judge
correctly declined to recuse herself. The appeal is dismissed. Directions for
cost submissions and other matters will be given separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Bachoo Mohan Singh and Alwyn Kok (Bachoo Mohan Singh Law Practice) for the
appellant;  
Yap Teong Liang and Tan Hui Qing (T L Yap Law Chambers LLC) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

