Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 10

Suit No 72 of 2013

Summons No 4391 of 2015

Between

| Dennis Foo Jong Long  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ang Yee Lim @ Ang Yee Lim Lawrence  
---|---  
(2)| William Tan Leong Ko  
  
… Defendants

judgment and Grounds of Decision

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Tort] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraud and Deceit]

[Tort] — [Conspiracy]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Foo Jong Long Dennis

  
v

  

Ang Yee Lim Lawrence and another

  

[2016] SGHC 10

  

High Court — Suit No 72 of 2013 and Summons No 4391 of 2015  
Chan Seng Onn J  
18, 25, 26, 27 November 2014; 23, 24 April 2015; 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15
October 2015, 26 November 2015

28 January 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Dennis Foo (“DF”), the defendants, Lawrence Ang (“LA”) and
William Tan (“WT”), and one Peter Lim (“PL”) were business partners in, inter
alia, Raffles Town Club (“RTC”), Europa Holdings Pte Ltd (“EH”) and ABR
Holdings Limited (“ABR”) prior to 2000. In the year 2000, their relationship
broke down giving rise to a series of litigations that year (“the Year 2000
Suits”). 15 years after the breakdown of their relationship, the plaintiff and
the defendants are still in litigation. Although PL is not a party to the
present proceedings, as will be seen below, he has cast a long shadow on and
shaped the events that form the subject of the present proceedings.

2 On 4 April 2014, the plaintiff applied in Summons No 1698 of 2014 for the
present action to be bifurcated. I granted the plaintiff’s application for
bifurcation and the present action was bifurcated on 28 April 2014.

3 This judgment relates to the trial on liability. In the present proceedings,
the plaintiff claims that:

(a) The defendants breached the pre-emption provisions of the Articles of
Association (“Articles”) of RTC and EH (“the Relevant Articles”) by allegedly
selling the shares belonging to them to one Margaret Tung Yu-Lien (“TYL”) and
Lin Jian Wei (“LJW”) on 14 April 2001 without allowing him to exercise his
rights of pre-emption (“the Breach of Articles Claim”).

(b) The defendants unlawfully conspired to conceal the alleged agreement made
on 14 April 2001 with TYL and LJW from the plaintiff and/or made certain
express or implied representations fraudulently (or otherwise) to the
plaintiff by rejecting a purchase mechanism proposed by PL, thereby inducing
the plaintiff to enter into a deed of settlement on 19 April 2001 (“the
Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims”).

4 The plaintiff also initially claimed that the defendants breached certain
disclosure rules of the Singapore Exchange Ltd (“the SGX”) by failing to
disclose the sale of shares in ABR, a public-listed company. This claim is not
pursued in the plaintiff’s closing submissions.

5 When shareholders decide to part ways there are, broadly speaking, two
options available to them. They can liquidate the company and realise the
equity that remains after the liabilities of the company have been satisfied
or agree that one faction of shareholders buys out the other. In the latter
scenario, the seller may have agreed to sell his shares for a number of
reasons. He may, inter alia, not have sufficient funds to buy out the other
shareholders or be unoptimistic about the prospects of the underlying company.
These circumstances may change with the course of time. He may subsequently
find the necessary funds and/or the prospects of the underlying company may
have improved. With the benefit of hindsight, he may feel that he has struck a
bad deal by agreeing to sell his shares earlier. The seller may then construct
a fanciful claim to reverse the state of affairs or seek a remedy for his bad
commercial judgment. In so doing, he will find himself grasping at straws and
will have to concede his claim eventually. This is because the law does not
provide remedies for bad bargains and poor commercial judgment without more,
and cannot be used to get a “second bite” at the proverbial cherry.

6 The plaintiff made concessions in the trial before me that go to the core of
the Breach of Articles Claim. Though he changed his evidence one day after he
made the relevant concessions and attempted to lead evidence to rebut his own
testimony, I find at the end of the trial that the plaintiff’s concessions
reflect the state of affairs at the material time. I also find that the
Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims are brought on erroneous
factual premises, rendering them complete non-starters.

Background to the present dispute

7 The plaintiff and the defendants together with one Tan Buck Chye (together,
“the RTC Developers”) had bid for a site around Trevose Road, Singapore. This
is the site on which RTC now sits (“the Site”). They wanted to develop a
premium private recreation club on the Site. As their successful bid was
almost 60% higher than the next highest bid, the RTC Developers had difficulty
obtaining bank financing for the purchase of the Site.

8 At that point, the RTC Developers approached PL who arranged funding for the
purchase of the Site. With the assistance of PL, RTC was conceived. It is
uncontroversial that PL had a great degree of influence in the running of RTC.
PL nominated his associates to the board of RTC, including one Ricky Goh
(“RG”), but was not a director or a registered shareholder of RTC.

9 Soon after RTC was launched, PL proposed listing the business. Eventually,
this was done through a back door listing. A substantial stake in ABR, a
public listed company on SGX, was acquired by Sullivan Development Limited
(“Sullivan”) and Goldhurst Properties Limited (“Goldhurst”). The pub and
restaurant businesses held by EH were then injected into ABR in consideration
for shares in ABR. Together, Sullivan, Goldhurst and EH owned 69.12% of ABR.
The defendants, the plaintiff and RG in turn owned shares in Sullivan and
Goldhurst. As noted, the relationship between the defendants and PL broke down
following a meeting on 30 August 2000 when matters relating to the
shareholding of PL in RTC were tabled. This breakdown engendered the Year 2000
Suits.

10 Of the Year 2000 Suits, Suit 742 of 2000 (“Suit 742”) is relevant to the
present proceedings. In that suit, PL claimed for specific performance of an
oral agreement between himself on the one hand and the defendants and the
plaintiff on the other under which he was entitled to 40% of the shareholding
in RTC and EH. He also averred that DF was to be a 10.1% shareholder of RTC
and EH. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

LA’s AEIC, para 19.

11 The defendants’ defence in Suit 742 was that there was no such oral
agreement as alleged by PL, and that PL was a shadow director and beneficial
shareholder of RTC and EH. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

LA’s AEIC, para 20.

The defendants contended that PL was the beneficial owner of 39.21% of the
shares in RTC and EH, while the plaintiff owned 10.6% of the same. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

7AB 5389.

12 Though the plaintiff was also initially a defendant in Suit 742, he agreed
with PL’s averment that he was a 10.1% shareholder of RTC and EH and consented
to judgment being entered against him. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

6AB 4347 – 4357.

13 At the time of Suit 742, the registered shareholdings of the defendants,
the plaintiff, RG and PL were as follows:

| EH| RTC| Goldhurst| Sullivan  
---|---|---|---|---  
LA| 76.51%| 76.51%| 60%| 60%  
WT| 11.00%| 11.00%| 15%| 15%  
DF| 12.49%| 12.49%| 15%| 15%  
PL| 0%| 0%| 0%| 0%  
RG| 0%| 0%| 10%| 10%  
Total| 100%| 100%| 100%| 100%  
  
14 In the Year 2000 Suits, LA was represented by Mr Michael Khoo SC of Messrs
Michael Khoo & Partners who was instructed by Mr Terence Teo (“Mr Teo”) of
Messrs Chee & Teo; WT was represented by Mr Harry Elias SC (“Mr Elias”) and Mr
Michel Palmer of Harry Elias Partnership LLP (“HEP”); the plaintiff was
represented by Mr Cheoh Chai Beng Johnny (“Mr Cheo”) of Cheo Yeoh & Associates
LLC; and PL was represented by Mr Davinder Singh SC of Messrs Drew & Napier
(“D&N”).

15 During the course of the Year 2000 Suits, the parties asked for an
adjournment of the trial to mediate their disputes. The mediation of the Year
2000 Suits (“the Mediation”) took place in April 2001 in three tranches. It is
not disputed that there were two factions in the Mediation viz, the defendants
on one hand and PL, the plaintiff and RG on the other. The Mediation focused
on one faction buying out the other on the basis that the two factions were
equal shareholders ie, with each faction holding 50% of the shares. The
parties therefore negotiated with the view that one faction would buy out all
the legal and beneficial interests of the shares held by the other faction.

16 The first tranche of the mediation took place on 6 April 2001 at the
Singapore Mediation Centre (“the SMC”). The mediators were Mr Goh Joon Seng,
Mr Joseph Grimberg SC and Mr Peter Chi (“the SMC Mediators”). The negotiations
during this tranche of the Mediation focused on the defendants selling their
shares in RTC, EH and ABR (“the defendants’ Shares”) for S$40m to PL and the
plaintiff. This tranche of the Mediation was unsuccessful as no settlement was
reached.

17 According to the defendants, the second tranche of the Mediation was held
on 6 and 7 or 8 April 2001 at the “office of Arfat Selvam’s law firm”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LA’s AEIC, para 41.

The plaintiff claims that he could not recall the existence of this tranche.
Mr Cheo, his then solicitor, however confirmed at trial that this tranche took
place albeit in his absence. The defendants gave evidence that during this
second tranche, they took the position that they would be willing to sell the
defendants’ Shares to the plaintiff and PL at a reduced price of S$36m instead
of the hitherto proposed amount of S$40m.

18 The third and final tranche of the Mediation proceeded at the SMC from 9 –
12 April 2001 before the SMC Mediators. The parties never returned to court
after the completion of the Mediation and entered into a deed of settlement on
19 April 2001 (“the Deed”) where, in essence, PL and the plaintiff sold their
interests in ABR, EH and RTC registered or otherwise (“PL and DF’s Interests
and Shares”) to the defendants at S$36m. Suit 742 was thereafter discontinued.
A key issue that has to be resolved in the present case is whether an
agreement was reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001 that PL and
the plaintiff would sell PL and DF’s Interests and Shares to the defendants at
S$36m if the defendants obtained financing (“Alleged Mediation Agreement”).
There is before the court at least three versions of events as to what
happened at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001.

19 I pause to note that during the course of the third and final tranche of
the Mediation on or about 12 April 2001, PL proposed that he and the plaintiff
use RTC’s monies to buy the defendants’ Shares. To this end, PL suggested that
the defendants should transfer the defendants’ Shares to him and the
plaintiff, and then draw out S$36m from RTC by way of dividends to pay
themselves (“PL’s Proposal”). There is no significant dispute between the
parties that this payment mechanism was proposed by PL. It is also not
disputed that the defendants rejected this arrangement as unacceptable. The
plaintiff avers that the defendants had expressly (or alternatively impliedly)
represented to the plaintiff that it was totally unacceptable and improper
that the cash held by RTC be utilised either directly or indirectly to buy out
LA and WT’s shareholding in RTC, EH and ABR (“the Alleged Representation”).
This Alleged Representation forms the basis of the Conspiracy, Fraud and
Misrepresentation Claims. The plaintiff submits that the Alleged
Representation was false as the defendants’ motivation was actually to sell
their shares to TYL and LJW and they “entered into an agreement with TYL and
LJW for the sale of their shares with the consideration to be paid from monies
in RTC” 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 423.

and hence they could not have believed that taking money from RTC to pay the
purchase consideration for shares was “improper” or “unacceptable” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 428.

; consequently, the plaintiff was induced into selling his shares to the
defendants.

20 LA gave evidence that his solicitor, Mr Teo, who was instructing Mr Michael
Khoo SC, had introduced TYL and LJW to the defendants as potential investors.
The defendants gave evidence that after the Alleged Mediation Agreement, they
decided to approach TYL and LJW to obtain financial assistance to purchase PL
and DF’s Interests and Shares.

21 The day following the completion of the Mediation ie, Friday, 13 April
2001, was Good Friday and hence a public holiday. On that day, the defendants
met TYL and LJW at TYL’s home. Ms Wong Kok Yee and Mr Foong Daw Ching, who
were TYL’s accountants and tax advisors, were present at that meeting.
According to the defendants, the meeting related to the financing by TYL and
LJW of the defendants’ purchase of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares.

22 On 14 April 2001, TYL and LJW on the one hand (“the TYL Consortium”) and
the defendants on the other signed a handwritten Chinese document entitled
“Minutes of Meeting” (“the 14 April Minutes”). A legal issue that arises for
determination is whether the 14 April Minutes was or evidenced an agreement
between the defendants and the TYL Consortium for the latter to purchase the
defendants’ Shares. If it was an agreement by the defendants to sell the
defendants’ Shares, then the plaintiff contends that the Breach of Articles
Claim has been made out as the defendants disposed of the defendants’ Shares
without allowing the plaintiff to exercise his rights of pre-emption under the
Relevant Articles. The defendants aver that the 14 April Minutes was not an
agreement but simply a record of their discussion with the TYL Consortium. The
defendants further point out that even if the 14 April Minutes was an
agreement, it was an agreement where the defendants were contemplating the
sale of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares once they were acquired and not the
defendants’ Shares. As a result, the defendants argue that the Breach of
Articles Claim is a complete non-starter.

23 On Monday, 16 April 2001, a draft of the Deed was circulated by Messrs Lee
& Lee (“Lee & Lee”) who were acting for LA to each of the solicitors acting
for the parties in the Year 2000 Suits. The Deed was faxed over to all parties
except D&N to whom the Deed had been handed to physically earlier at “the
mediation centre”. The Deed was 35 pages long and set out in detail the
obligations of the parties to it vis-à-vis each other.

24 Also on 16 April 2001, Messrs Wong Partnership (“Wong Partnership”),
solicitors acting for RTC, wrote to the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”)
to request for URA’s consent for the plaintiff to transfer his shares in RTC
to the defendants.

25 The defendants gave evidence that a cheque for S$3 million, intended to be
the initial deposit payable upon the signing of the Deed, was provided by TYL
to Mr Teo on 16 April 2001. This amount was subsequently paid as a S$2 million
cashier’s order addressed to PL and S$1 million cashier’s order addressed to
PL’s solicitors pursuant to the terms of the Deed. These monies did not pass
through the hands of the defendants but were paid directly to PL and his
solicitors.

26 Lee & Lee wrote on 17 April 2001 to the Securities Industry Council (“the
SIC”) to inform that there was a proposed settlement of the Year 2000 Suits
for LA to acquire all the shares held by the plaintiff in Sullivan, Goldhurst
and EH and RG in Sullivan and Goldhurst. Sullivan, Goldhurst and EH in turn
held the shares in ABR. Lee & Lee requested for confirmation from the SIC that
by this proposed acquisition, LA would not be required to make a general
takeover offer for ABR.

27 On 19 April 2001, the SIC responded to Lee & Lee. The SIC stated that LA
would not be required to make a mandatory general offer for the shares of ABR
if he purchased the plaintiff’s shares in Sullivan, Goldhurst and EH and RG’s
shares in Sullivan and Goldhurst.

28 The Deed was entered into on 19 April 2001. Under the Deed, the plaintiff
and RG sold their interests in RTC, EH and ABR to LA for S$36m and PL released
the defendants from Suit 742. Essentially, the plaintiff and PL sold all their
interests in the shares of RTC, EH and ABR. I highlight at the outset that
pursuant to cl 2.3 of the Deed, the parties to the Deed (which included the
plaintiff) waived all pre-emption rights that they might have in relation to
the sale and/or transfer of the Sale Shares (as defined in the Deed). Pursuant
to cl 2.4 of the Deed, PL, the plaintiff and RG, inter alia, waived all rights
and claims against the defendants in respect of any interest in shares,
whether existing or otherwise from the date of Closing ie, 30 April 2001. I
reproduce these clauses below:

2.3 The parties hereby waive all and any pre-emption rights they may have
(whether arising under or out of the respective constitutions of the Sale
Companies or otherwise) in relation to the sale and/or transfer of the Sale
Shares.

2.4 (a) Each party agrees that subject to and on Closing, it shall release,
waive or otherwise hold harmless the other Parties from all actions, rights,
choses in action, remedies, claims, proceedings and demands whatsoever and
howsoever arising which it has or may have against the other Parties in
respect of all subject matters of and/or allegations made in the Suits
inclusive of costs and interest.

(b) PL and the Vendors hereby agree and acknowledge that upon Closing, they
have no actions, rights, choses in action, remedies, claims, proceedings and
demands whatsoever and howsoever arising against the associated companies in
respect of any interest in shares, whether existing or otherwise, in RTC, EH,
Sullivan, Goldhurst or their respective subsidiaries or associated companies.

29 On 23 April 2001, which was 4 days after the Deed was signed, the
defendants and the TYL Consortium entered into an agreement known as an
Exchangeable Facility Agreement (“the 1st EFA”). Under the 1st EFA, it was
agreed that the TYL Consortium would provide LA a loan facility of S$36m, with
an option to exchange the loan facility for 50% shares of RTC, 50% shares of
EH and approximately 35% shares in ABR. On that very day, the TYL Consortium
requested the Defendants to sign another agreement in Chinese (“the 23 April
Chinese Agreement”). The reason given by TYL was that the 1st EFA was in
English and she was not comfortable with signing the agreement in English.

30 On 27 April 2001, the defendants acknowledged the two banker’s guarantees
of S$16.5 million each furnished by the TYL Consortium, which were addressed
to PL. These guarantees were to serve as the remaining consideration to be
paid under the Deed. A receipt (“the 27 April Receipt”) was signed by the
defendants and the TYL Consortium in order for the defendants to acknowledge
the provision of these banker’s guarantees by the TYL Consortium.

31 On 30 April 2001, LA, the TYL Consortium and Sullivan entered into an
Agreement Relating to Sale of and Option over Shares in ABR Holdings Limited
(“the ABR Agreement”). The ABR Agreement essentially provided for the TYL
Consortium to acquire approximately 35% shares in ABR, and the consideration
for the acquisition of and option over the ABR shares were to be set off
against S$13,331,673.40 of the S$36 million loan facility provided by the TYL
Consortium.

32 I note that the ABR Agreement expressly (through Recital (C)) terminated
the 1st EFA. Also on 30 April 2001, the defendants and the TYL Consortium
signed a further Chinese agreement (“the 30 April Chinese Agreement”) for the
purpose of varying the term in the 23 April Chinese Agreement concerning the
amount of damages payable for any breach of the 23 April Chinese Agreement. On
11 May 2001, LA and the TYL Consortium entered into another Exchangeable
Facility Agreement (“the 2nd EFA”) pursuant to which LA granted the TYL
Consortium the right to exchange the balance of the S$22,668,326.60 of the
S$36 million loan facility into 50% shares in RTC.

33 On 12 May 2001, the TYL Consortium exercised their rights under the 2nd EFA
and finally acquired 50% shares in RTC. The agreements entered into between
the parties after this date are not material to the present proceedings.

Issues arising for determination

34 The following issues arise for determination in relation to the Breach of
Articles Claim:

(a) Whether an agreement was reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April
2001 that PL and the plaintiff would sell PL and DF’s Interests and Shares to
the defendants for S$36m if they obtained financing.

(b) Whether the 14 April Minutes is evidence of or constitutes a legally
binding agreement in which the defendants agreed to sell the defendants’
Shares.

35 The main factual question that I have to determine in relation to the
Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims that arise from the Alleged
Representation is whether the terms in PL’s Proposal that was ultimately
rejected by the defendants were similar to the terms offered to the TYL
Consortium in the sense that the whole consideration for the sale was to come
from the monies in RTC to be paid to the sellers as dividends, such that the
defendants can be said to have (fraudulently) misrepresented to the plaintiff
or conspired against the plaintiff by making the Alleged Representation.

36 Apart from the above factual issues, the present dispute also presents
questions of law on when silence can amount to acceptance and the parameters
of a right of pre-emption.

Agreement reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001

37 I commence the analysis by setting out my findings of fact based on the
evidence before deciding whether the facts as found give rise to an agreement
at law.

Analysis of the evidence

38 In this regard, I start by noting the plaintiff’s position when he
commenced this action. This is found in his 1st affidavit dated 12 June 2013.
I set out para 8:

a. In the course of the negotiations, both [PL] and I on one hand, and the
[defendants] on the other hand, sought how best to amicably part ways in
respect of the Companies. The negotiations swayed from initially who should
buy who out to how much any buy-out would cost.

b. Initially, [PL] and I expressed interest in buying out both [the
defendants]. [PL] sought to negotiate the purchase consideration. Eventually,
there was an in-principle agreement that the price of S$36 million was
acceptable. [PL] proposed that the purchase consideration be funded by cash
sitting in [RTC] – most likely through the issue of dividends to [the
defendants].

c. Both [the defendants] objected to the same and claimed that such an
exercise would be improper. Instead, they offered to raise the requisite
finance to buy [PL] and I out instead.

39 The defendants submit that the plaintiff must be taken to have agreed that
there was an agreement at the end of the Mediation on the basis of, inter
alia, the above averments in his 1st affidavit. The above averments may
support the reading that the defendants advance. However, they do not refer
clearly to the Mediation; it could well be the case that the “negotiations”
referred to therein could have occurred well after the end of the Mediation
and during the long weekend commencing on Good Friday ie, 13 April 2001, as
suggested by Mr Cheo, the plaintiff’s witness.

40 However, I note that the above-cited averments are not the only evidential
bows in the defendants’ quiver. The defendants refer to the evidence of the
plaintiff during trial. Therefore, it is sensible to revisit the question of
whether the plaintiff was referring to the Mediation in the above paragraph in
his affidavit after analysing his evidence at trial. I now turn to this.

41 During trial, the plaintiff did not agree that there was an agreement
formed at the end of the Mediation. He preferred to use the word
“concurrence”. It does not matter whether the plaintiff uses the word
“agreement”. It is not for him to decide whether there was an agreement at the
end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. As noted, the existence of an agreement
is a question of law that the court has to determine after analysing the
factual evidence.

42 The plaintiff was initially asked of his recollection of what happened at
the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. He stated as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2014, pp 108 –109.

Q. And you can't remember the third mediator's name, even though you were
there --

A. I was there, but I only remember Joe Grimberg and Goh Joon Seng.

Q. Okay. What happened at the end of that session?

A. At the end of that session, I think there was some form of a conclusion,
and now I know, and then -- I would know then also that instead of [PL] and I
to buy [LA] and [WT] out, the reverse happened. A proposal was put that
because [PL] could not raise the financing, it's only fair that the other
party make an attempt at it. That is my understanding of the situation. And I
got that understanding both from reading and -- some of the documents and
trying to recollect, and that would be the logical answer.

Q. Try and answer me as much as you can in your memory.

A. I'm trying very hard.

Q. Not logic and not what you read.

A. Yes.

[emphasis added].

43 The plaintiff stated unequivocally that the state of affairs at the end of
the Mediation on 12 April 2001 was as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2014, p 112.

Q. Would it be clear that on the 12th, provided they found the finance, they
would be buying your shares and [PL’s] shares; yes or no?

A. If they find the financing, they would be buying my shares, and we would be
selling only to them, yes.

Q. So would you expect the 12th for them to now go and find the finance?

A. Of course.

Q. And if they found the finance, the deal is done?

A. I mean, at that time, yes, if they found the finance, the deal is done.

44 In light of the above, I gave an opportunity to the plaintiff to clarify
his position once again on what exactly occurred at the end of the Mediation
on 12 April 2001, as his concession went to the core of his case. The
plaintiff replied that there was a concurrence at the end of the Mediation.
His evidence was as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript dated 25 November 2014, pp 13 – 14.

COURT: Let's take your description. There was a concurrence. So it was not an
understanding.

A. Concurrence.

COURT: All right. Concurrence to do what.

A. It's as close as an agreement I can come to.

COURT: Okay, I use your word concurrence, concurrence to do what. What was the
concurrence of the four parties.

A. For them to look for the money.

COURT: For who to look for the money.

A. [LA] and [WT].

COURT: Then after that?

A. If they find the money, they will buy us out. Only they.

COURT: Only they.

A. Yes.

COURT: This was a concurrence?

A. Yes.

COURT: It was made clear to them.

A. That must be the understanding.

COURT: So it was not explicitly said that they are the only ones who must buy?

A. It is understood because it's one party -- in their own words, both faction
cannot work together.

COURT: Both faction cannot work together. They will buy you out provided they
have the money.

A. Yes.

45 I note that the plaintiff however later changed his evidence. The change of
tack during trial was both suspicious and abrupt to say the least. He suddenly
became “very clear” of what happened. He stated that the Mediation ended with
“no conclusion”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, p 64.

This is a mendacious claim in light of his evidence two days earlier that
there was a “concurrence” at the end of the Mediation that PL and himself
would sell their shares and interests to the defendants if the defendants
obtained financing. Even on a cursory perusal of the transcripts of the
plaintiff’s cross-examination on 27 November 2014, it is apparent that the
plaintiff was struggling to hold together his newly concocted version of
events that there was no conclusion at the end of the Mediation. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, p 113.

46 Nevertheless, during the same day when the plaintiff changed his evidence
to suggest that there was no conclusion at the end of the Mediation, he slowly
receded back to his earlier position that there was a conclusion at the end of
the Mediation. Let me explain.

47 The plaintiff stated that he did not speak throughout the Mediation because
it was led by PL. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, p 121 – 122.

It is uncontroversial that the parties were negotiating as two factions. The
plaintiff himself gave evidence that although PL was the one speaking at the
Mediation, he “supported [PL] from behind”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, p 124.

The thrust of the plaintiff’s evidence however seems to be this: even if PL
had agreed that the defendants could purchase PL and DF’s Interests and Shares
at S$36m at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001, that did not bind him
as he said nothing during the Mediation and, in any case, he did not expressly
agree to such a position at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. I
reproduce the pertinent parts of the plaintiff’s evidence: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, pp 123 – 124.

MR ELIAS: You sat there because you knew that whatever [PL] decided you would
follow. Just as you did in Suit 742, surrender, if he says, he says, fine.
Even when he says "sign the charge", fine. You kept your mouth shut because
you wanted [PL] to conduct the entire mediation and you agreed with [PL]. Yes
or no?

A. For one party buy the other party out, yes.

Q. And that was decided, at the end of the day, that one party would buy the
other party out?

A. I didn't agree because -- I didn't agree.

…

A. No, I don't agree because I didn't say yes, they didn't come to me --

48 The following points emerge from a holistic analysis of the plaintiff’s
evidence:

(a) The parties negotiated in two factions during the Mediation. The first
faction comprised the defendants. The second faction comprised PL and the
plaintiff. PL led the Mediation for his faction and the plaintiff supported
the position PL took.

(b) The Mediation ended on 12 April 2001 with a “concurrence” that the
plaintiff and PL would sell their shares and interests to the defendants at
S$36m if the defendants could obtain financing. Although PL was the one who
assented to this position at the end of the Mediation, the plaintiff is
nevertheless not party to that agreement because he did not speak during the
Mediation.

49 The defendants also factually proffered a similar version of events as the
plaintiff on what happened at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. In
this connection, the defendants’ evidence was that the Mediation was led by PL
and that the two factions agreed at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001
that the plaintiff and PL would sell their shares to the defendants at S$36m
if the defendants could obtain financing. I note from LA’s affidavit that PL
drew diagrams on the whiteboard available at the SMC to initially explain a
proposal on how he planned to buy out the defendants. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

LA’s AEIC, para 45.

50 The plaintiff decided to adduce further evidence to show that he did not
say anything during the Mediation. To my surprise, the plaintiff chose to call
the then lead counsel for the defendants in these proceedings, Mr Elias, as
his witness to give evidence on what happened at the end of the Mediation on
12 April 2001 and to state whether he spoke during the Mediation. Mr Elias
took the stand. His evidence, inter alia, was as follows:

(a) The Mediation was led by PL who spoke the most; apart from the SMC
Mediators and Mr Davinder Singh SC, everybody else spoke almost nothing; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2015, p 48 - 49.

and

(b) The plaintiff was silent throughout the Mediation but was “nodding” at the
suggestions put forth by PL. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2015, p 56 - 57.

51 I must at this point pause to recapitulate the events that occurred after
the 12 April 2001 Mediation. As noted, the next day, 13 April 2001, was Good
Friday ie, a Public Holiday. In the evening of the Monday that followed viz,
16 April 2001, a draft of the Deed was circulated by Lee & Lee to the parties.
On that same day, Wong Partnership, solicitors acting for RTC, wrote to the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) to request for URA’s consent for the
plaintiff to transfer his shares in RTC to the defendants.

52 The defendants said that the draft of the Deed circulated on the Monday
following the Mediation and the letter written by Wong Partnership was the
result of an agreement reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001.
This was similarly the testimony of Mr Elias when he was called to testify on
behalf of the plaintiff. Mr Elias recalled that “the deal was done on the [19
April 2001] based on the [16 April 2001] based on the [12 April 2001]”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2015, p 53.

According to Mr Elias, matters culminated on 12 April 2001 when an agreement
was reached at the end of the Mediation. After the defendants made the offer
to purchase, Mr Elias recalled PL pausing to think about it before saying
“Okay, must raise the finance”. The plaintiff raised no objections and
remained quiet at that time. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2015, pp 61 – 62.

53 I pause to note that the plaintiff said that it was on 13 April 2001 that
PL told him that they should sell their shares to the defendants if the
defendants could secure the requisite funding. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript dated 27 November 2014, pp 155 – 156.

54 The plaintiff also called Mr Cheo to give evidence on the issue on whether
there was an agreement at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. Mr Cheo
presented a third version of events. He stated that there were no open
negotiations between the parties. He stated in his evidence that after a joint
opening session, the parties broke off into private caucuses during the
Mediation. He stated that the Mediation ended without any further joint
sessions and without any settlement or agreement as to terms. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 14 October 2015, pp 137, 171.

Mr Cheo also stated that the sale price of S$36m did not surface throughout
the Mediation. In his evidence, the state of affairs ie, the last unaccepted
proposal put across, at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001 was that PL
and the plaintiff were to buy the defendants’ Shares at S$40m. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript dated 14 October 2015, pp 168 –169, 174.

Mr Cheo agreed that PL drew diagrams on the whiteboard board, as suggested by
LA in his affidavit (see [49] above). However, Mr Cheo suggested that these
diagrams were drawn in the private caucus. This does not rest well with the
fact that LA had said that he saw PL drawing on the whiteboard – LA was not
present at the private caucus of the other faction. Also, Mr Cheo’s evidence
that the figure of S$36m did not surface throughout the Mediation was
inconsistent with that of every other witness who gave evidence in relation to
this point.

55 Nevertheless, Mr Cheo suggested that on the very next day ie, 13 April
2001, lawyers from D&N called to inform him that there was a proposal from the
defendants to buy out PL and DF’s Interests and Shares at S$36m (a figure
which – to go with Mr Cheo’s version – had hitherto not been discussed). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript dated 14 October 2015, p 178.

Mr Cheo said that he thereafter informed the plaintiff of this offer and
discussed the proposal over the weekend with the plaintiff. According to him,
the plaintiff decided to sell his shares to the defendants at the latest
before Mr Cheo went to HEP’s office on 16 April 2001. He stated that when he
went to HEP’s office on 16 April 2001, the lawyers for the various parties
viz, the defendants, the plaintiff and PL, were at that point still discussing
the terms and conditions of the sale of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares.

56 Mr Cheo was then confronted with a covering fax enclosing the draft of the
Deed sent by Lee & Lee at 5.22pm on 16 April 2001 (“the L&L Cover Letter”).
The L&L Cover Letter stated as follows:

We enclose herewith for your respective comments the draft dated 16 April 2001
of [the Deed] (for [D&N] – without enclosures as we have handed copies to
yourselves at the mediation centre).

57 There were two points put to Mr Cheo. The first was that it was highly
unlikely that Lee & Lee would be able to come up with a draft of the Deed,
which was by no means brief, on 16 April 2001 if the parties had not reached
an agreement well-prior to 16 April 2001. Mr Cheo responded as follows:

(a) After “a first round of discussions” at HEP’s office on 16 April 2001, D&N
brought in their team of corporate lawyers to HEP. The parties started
negotiating without any written terms before them.

(b) Sometime “towards the afternoon”, Lee & Lee, on receiving instructions
from the defendants on 16 April 2001, stationed themselves at HEP’s offices
and started drafting the Deed.

(c) The drafting of the Deed took place “in parallel” with the negotiations on
the terms of the sale. D&N’s team of corporate lawyers drafted some clauses
while Lee & Lee took charge of the document.

(d) The negotiations at HEP’s office went past 6pm.

58 Mr Cheo was then cross-examined on the portion of the L&L Cover Letter that
stated that the draft was handed to D&N at the mediation centre. It was
suggested to Mr Cheo that this must mean that D&N had met Lee & Lee sometime
earlier to receive a copy of the draft of the Deed ie, the terms that are
found in the draft of the Deed must have been proposed at a time earlier. Mr
Cheo responded to this by suggesting that it might be the case that Lee & Lee
mistook HEP’s offices for the mediation centre. I note that Lee & Lee was not
present at the Mediation on 12 April 2001.

59 Mr Cheo therefore, produced yet another version of events before the court.
In the face of the many versions put across by the plaintiff, a constant
version of events from the defendants and Mr Elias and a very different
version put forth by Mr Cheo, it is clear that at least one witness has not
been forthright with his evidence.

60 I do not accept Mr Cheo’s testimony on what happened at the Mediation for
several reasons. His version of events is far removed from that of the
plaintiff and every other witness who gave evidence on this point (“the Other
Witnesses”). Notwithstanding the differences in their testimonies, the Other
Witnesses agreed that both factions were considering the figure of S$36m
towards the later stages of the Mediation, which is in stark contrast to Mr
Cheo’s version that the figure of S$36m never surfaced at all during the
Mediation. Furthermore, the common thread in the evidence of the Other
Witnesses was that the Mediation comprised largely of open negotiations led by
PL whereas Mr Cheo’s version was that apart from the joint opening session,
the parties broke off into private caucuses and the Mediation ended without
any further joint sessions and without any settlement or agreement as to
terms. I find it far more believable that PL had used a white board to explain
to all present at the Mediation (and not at a private caucus as per Mr Cheo’s
version) the intricacies of how he and the plaintiff were proposing to
purchase the defendants’ Shares using the funds in RTC by having dividends
declared from RTC and paid to the defendants’ for selling their shares to him
and the plaintiff. That was how LA and Mr Elias were able to testify to the
fact that PL used a white board to explain his payment proposal. In my view,
it is less probable for PL’s complicated payment proposal to be made at a
private caucus because an intermediary would then have to convey PL’s
explanation of his complicated payment arrangement to the private caucus of
the other faction with the attendant risk of conveying an incomplete or
inaccurate explanation.

61 Mr Cheo’s version of events on 16 April 2001 also seems improbable. By his
reckoning, Lee & Lee would have, after having arrived in the afternoon, had
but a few hours to produce a complete draft of the Deed while the parties were
still negotiating the terms of the sale.

62 It seems to me that Mr Cheo’s evidence has been shaped to salvage the
plaintiff’s case after the plaintiff conceded that there was a “concurrence”
at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001. I do not find Mr Cheo to be a
credible witness and reject his evidence, which is inconsistent with even the
plaintiff’s own evidence in this trial.

63 Ignoring his subsequent unashamed prevarications, the plaintiff’s evidence
given during the earlier part of his cross-examination strongly suggests that
there was an agreement reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001
that the plaintiff and PL would sell their shares to the defendants if the
defendants could obtain financing (see [42] – [44] above) (“Earlier
Evidence”). While the plaintiff viewed that the “concurrence” alone would not
provide the basis for a valid agreement at law, this is his own view.

64 Having assessed the plaintiff’s evidence, among other things, it is clear
to me that his subsequent evidence during trial that there was “no conclusion”
at the end of the Mediation is a self-serving version of events that I do not
find believable.

65 In accordance with the plaintiff’s Earlier Evidence and the defendants’ and
Mr Elias’ evidence, I find that the two factions – as a matter of fact –
agreed at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001 that the defendants would
be able to buy PL and DF’s Interests and Shares at S$36m if they could obtain
financing.

66 In my view, all the essential elements necessary for an enforceable
agreement were present. The identity of the buyers and sellers was clear, the
subject matter of the sale being PL and DF’s Interests and Shares was clear
and the price at which those Interests and Shares were to be sold was also
clear. In the circumstances, it is quite apparent that the defendants could
have sued PL and the plaintiff if they had refused to sell their interests and
shares to them after they had obtained financing.

67 The plaintiff, of course, maintains that he could not possibly have agreed
because he remained silent throughout the Mediation. In the plaintiff’s
submission, his silence cannot amount to an agreement. I now set out the legal
position on when silence can amount to acceptance.

When silence can amount to acceptance

68 As noted by the Court of Appeal in R1 International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG
[2015] 1 SLR 521(“R1 International”) at [51], the law adopts an objective
approach towards the question of whether the parties have reached an
agreement. The Court of Appeal also noted as follows at [53]:

Third, although silence by one party may not by itself constitute acceptance
of the terms sent by the other party, it does not follow from this that
silence is fatal to a finding that the terms sent have been accepted. The
effect of silence is context-dependent. In many cases, while there may not be
actual communication of acceptance, the parties’ positive, negative or even
neutral conduct can still evince acceptance: Midlink Development Pte Ltd v The
Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 at [50] and [52].

69 I refer also to the decision of the High Court in Midlink Development Pte
Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd [2004] 4 SLR(R) 258 (“Midlink
Development”). In that case, the tenant leased units from the landlord. The
parties met to discuss future arrangements in relation to the lease (“the
Meeting”). The parties agreed on an extension of the lease and reduced rent at
the Meeting. The landlord then sent the tenant a draft agreement which the
tenants did not sign. However, the tenant continued to pay the reduced rent at
the beginning of each month. The tenant subsequently sought to give notice of
“termination of lease” and refused to make rental payments. The landlord sued
the tenant on the basis that there was an oral agreement formed at the Meeting
that the tenant would continue the lease at the reduced rent. The tenant
stated that since it did not return the draft of the agreement signed, its
silence cannot amount to acceptance. The court had to decide if the tenant’s
silence could amount to acceptance.

70 The court ultimately ruled that there was an oral agreement formed at the
Meeting. However, the court observed that even if it were not the case, the
tenant’s contention that the unsigned tenancy agreements were not binding was
without merit. A contract could be concluded on the terms of a draft agreement
if the parties were perceived by their conduct to have acted on it. While the
tenant remained “silent” by not signing the tenancy agreements, the tenant’s
omission to sign the tenancy agreements was a calculated attempt to exploit
the unsigned agreements grounded on the tenant’s belief that leaving the
agreements unsigned would allow it to walk away from the tenancy when new
premises were found.

71 The observations of the court in this regard are instructive. The court
noted as follows:

48 Acceptance in a contractual setting must be ascertained objectively.
Acceptance can be signified orally, in writing or by conduct. When there is a
history of negotiations and discussions, the court will look at the whole
continuum of facts in concluding whether a contract exists. The subjective
intention of a party and silent mental conduct that may incorporate
dissemblance is neither relevant nor legally admissible.

…

51 To say that silence can never be unequivocal evidence of consent may be
going too far: see Cheshire, Fifoot & Furmston’s Law of Contract: Second
Singapore and Malaysia Edition (1998) by Professor Andrew Phang Boon Leong at
112. It is always a question of fact whether silent inactivity after an offer
is made is tantamount to acceptance. Indeed, in some matters there could be a
duty to speak arising from the relationship between the parties. In such
instances, silence is likely to amount to a representation. Buckley LJ in
Spiro v Lintern [1973] 1 WLR 1002 at 1011 observed:

… if A sees B acting in the mistaken belief that A is under some binding
obligation to him and in a manner consistent only with the existence of such
an obligation, which would be to B’s disadvantage if A were thereafter to deny
the obligation, A is under a duty to disclose the non-existence of the
supposed obligation.

52 George Spencer Bower and Alexander Kingcome Turner in The Law Relating to
Estoppel by Representation (3rd Ed, 1997) at para 59 on p 52 incisively state
apropos negotiating parties:

Where A and B are parties to a negotiation or transaction, and, in the course
of the bargaining or dealings between them, A perceives that B is labouring
under a mistake as to some matter vital to the contract or transaction, he may
come under an obligation to undeceive B, at all events if the circumstances
are such that his omission to do so must inevitably foster and perpetuate the
delusion. In such cases silence is in effect a representation that the facts
are as B mistakenly believes them to be, and A is accordingly estopped from
afterwards averring, as against B, any other state of facts.

In the final analysis, the touchstone is whether, in the established matrix of
circumstances, the conduct of the parties, objectively ascertained, supports
the existence of a contract. Reduced to its rudiments, it can be said that
this is essentially an exercise in intuition. Legal intentions, whether
articulated or unarticulated, should not be viewed in isolation but should be
filtered through their factual prism. Silence, depending on whether it is
conscious or unconscious, may also from time to time entail altogether
disparate legal consequences.

72 The observations also broadly echo the position in s 69(1)(b) of the
American Law Institute’s Restatement (Second) of Contracts (“the
Restatement”), which proposes that acceptance by silence be dealt with in the
following manner:

Acceptance By Silence Or Exercise Of Dominion

(1) Where an offeree fails to reply to an offer, his silence and inaction
operate as an acceptance in the following cases only:

(a) Where an offeree takes the benefit of offered services with reasonable
opportunity to reject them and reason to know that they were offered with the
expectation of compensation.

(b) Where the offeror has stated or given the offeree reason to understand
that assent may be manifested by silence or inaction, and the offeree in
remaining silent and inactive intends to accept the offer.

(c) Where because of previous dealings or otherwise, it is reasonable that the
offeree should notify the offeror if he does not intend to accept.

(2) An offeree who does any act inconsistent with the offeror's ownership of
offered property is bound in accordance with the offered terms unless they are
manifestly unreasonable. But if the act is wrongful as against the offeror it
is an acceptance only if ratified by him.

[emphasis added].

73 The observations highlighted in R1 International, Midlink Development and s
69(1)(b) of the Restatement make the same point that under a certain factual
matrix, it may be possible to infer acceptance notwithstanding the relevant
party’s silence. In my view, the following general propositions of law can
guide the court in determining whether silence amounts to acceptance:

(a) The effect of silence is context-dependent; the parties’ positive,
negative or even neutral conduct can still evince acceptance.

(b) It is always a question of fact whether silent inactivity after an offer
is made is tantamount to acceptance. The court must not only look at the facts
surrounding the acceptance but must assess the whole continuum of facts and
the background to the parties’ relationship.

(c) The subjective intention of a party and silent mental conduct that may
incorporate dissemblance (ie, mental conduct that is not consonant with
objective conduct) is not relevant or legally admissible in assessing this
question.

(d) In instances where the court can infer a duty to speak arising from the
relationship between the parties or the context of the negotiations, silence
is likely to amount to a representation of acceptance.

(e) Where the offeror has stated, given the offeree reason to understand or
the offerree has reason to understand that assent may be manifested by silence
or inaction, the offeree in remaining silent and inactive may well be
signifying his acceptance of the offer.

The plaintiff’s silence in the Mediation amounts to acceptance

74 It is undisputed that the four parties (ie PL, the plaintiff, and the
defendants) were negotiating as two opposing factions on the sale of their
respective shares and/or interests at the Mediation. Under such circumstances,
the parties in one faction would be expected by the parties in the other
faction to consolidate the positions within their respective faction before
making the offer to the other faction. Should any one party take a different
position from his own faction’s consolidated position, he would be under a
duty to speak up and make clear to all the parties in the other faction that
he is not accepting or agreeing with the consolidated position presented by
his faction. If he does not do so and remains silent, he may be taken to be
representing to the other faction that he similarly assents to the
consolidated position being presented by his faction on his behalf. Thus, when
his faction presents a consolidated position of acceptance of an offer from
the other faction, this may be sufficient at law to amount to his acceptance
of the same offer although he never intended to accept that offer in the first
place and although he may have made known his disagreement privately to the
parties within his own faction. To avoid being treated at law as having agreed
to the consolidated position of his faction, he cannot keep silent. He must
disclose and make clear to the other faction his disagreement with his own
faction’s consolidated position.

75 On the present facts, it is clear from the plaintiff’s own evidence that he
was satisfied in letting PL conduct and lead the negotiations for his faction
and in supporting PL “from behind”. Under such a situation, the plaintiff was
representing unequivocally to the other faction comprising the defendants that
his position was wholly aligned with that of PL. The plaintiff is under a duty
to speak if he suddenly decides to fall out of the line. On the totality of
the evidence, I find that PL had communicated at the end of the Mediation on
12 April 2001 that he was agreeable to the proposal that the defendants would
purchase PL and DF’s Interests and Shares for S$36m if the defendants could
find the financing. As the plaintiff chose to keep silent, he represented at
law that he had also accepted this proposal. Therefore, I conclude that there
was a conditional oral agreement at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001
(“the Agreement”) between the parties, which included the plaintiff. Under the
Agreement, the defendants would not be legally obliged to purchase PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares if they could not obtain financing but if the defendants
obtained financing (as they eventually did), PL and the plaintiff would have
to sell their shares (as they eventually did) to the defendants.

76 I note that the plaintiff states that, subjectively speaking, he did not
agree to anything at the Mediation on 12 April 2001. His subjective intentions
are however legally irrelevant. In any case, I find that the plaintiff would
not have harboured any such intention as the plaintiff had suggested in his
own evidence that he was happy to go with any proposal put across by PL. The
defendants set out at length the facts leading up to the founding of RTC and
Suit 742 to show the court that the plaintiff was happy to go with any
proposal by PL as he was “beholden” to him. Apart from the observations I have
made in this paragraph, I need not express any further view on this point for
the purpose of these proceedings.

The 14 April Minutes

77 As noted at [21] above, the defendants met the TYL Consortium on 13 April
2001 after the Agreement was reached at the end of the Mediation on 12 April
2001. As I have found at [75] above, the Agreement was conditional upon the
defendants securing financing to purchase PL and DF’s Interests and Shares.

78 On 14 April 2001, the defendants on the one hand (in this connection,
“Party A”) signed the 14 April Minutes written in Chinese with the TYL
Consortium on the other hand (in this connection, “Party B”). I reproduce a
translation of the 14 April Minutes below:

Minutes of Meeting

Party A agreed to the sale at S$36 million of:

ABR 35% (approximately 34. ….%) in short, the total of both parties was 70%

RTC 50%

(signed)

EUROPA HOLDINGS PTE LTD 50% (signed) (signed)

and that the profits received by Party A in the first and second years after
the joining of the new shareholder(s) would be transferred and given to Party
B.

Party B agreed that the loan utilised by the former shareholder(s) before the
lawsuit need not be repaid to the company. However, the former shareholder(s)
would have to be responsible for the legal and tax issues; the new
shareholder(s) would not be held liable.

If Party B breached the Agreement, Party B would have to compensate Party A
S$18 million.

If Party A breached the Agreement or sold (the abovementioned) to another
party instead, Party A would have to compensate Party B S$18 million. The
compensation would have to be paid in full within 14 days; the same condition
applied to both parties.

Mode of payment upon conclusion of Agreement:

Party B would have to pay to the law firm S$3 million on 16 April 2001, and
hand over two banker’s guarantees on 30 April 2001:

One in the sum of S$16.50 million to be cashed on 30 July 2001,

One in the sum of S$16.50 million to be cashed on 30 October 2001.

When Party B handed over the two banker’s (guarantees) on 30 April 2001, Party
A would have to transfer the shares in ABR Holdings and 50% of RTC Club to
Party B speedily.

Remarks:

After the (shares) in ABR had been transferred, both parties would have to
mortgage a total of 70% of the shares to a bank to obtain a loan to be
extended to Party B. Both parties would think of a way and assist one another
jointly.

Matters pertaining to transfer of RTC shareholding

URA: Would there be any problem to apply to URA for transferring 50% and the
former shareholder(s) keeping 50%? How many working days were required to
effect the transfer?

Question as to the need of reporting to URA for the change of shareholders if
CSC was obtained.

As CSC had yet to be obtained, it was still outstanding. The Fire Safety and
Shelter Department.

As there were too many members, it was not easy for the Fire Safety Department
to grant an approval speedily. As such, there might be a delay. It was left to
the shareholder(s) to consider as to what measures to be taken.

(signed)

(signed)

Confirmation by Party A

Both ABR and RTC had no external debts (including banks)

(there was O/D)

ABR Company had fixed deposits of more than $18 million (to be based on the
financial report as it was a listed company).

RTC had 138,000,000/=

However, a provision of 100 million was required.

There was an outstanding sum of construction fee; after deducting all the
external debts, there would be at least $30 million of fixed deposits.

(signed)

(signed)

Minutes of Meeting

Date: 14 April 2001

Party A:

Ang Yee Lim (signed)

Tan Leong Ko (signed)

Party B:

Lin Jian Wei (by fax transmission)(signed) for

Tung Yu Lien (signed)

79 I recapitulate that the plaintiff argues that the 14 April Minutes was an
agreement where the defendants sold the defendants’ Shares in breach of the
pre-emption rights that he possessed under the Relevant Articles. There are
two questions that need to be resolved. The first is whether the 14 April
Minutes was “evidence of or constituted an agreement” at law. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), para 14.

If the first question is answered in the positive, then there remains the
question of whether the 14 April Minutes is or is evidence of an agreement
where the defendants agreed to sell the defendants’ Shares or whether it sets
out the agreed mechanism by which Party B would ultimately acquire PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares.

80 The defendants take the position that the 14 April Minutes is not an
agreement because of the following: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

The defendants’ reply submissions, para 7, 14.

(a) it was titled “Minutes of Meeting”;

(b) the matters recorded therein were tentative in nature;

(c) the parties entered into the 23 April Chinese Agreement, 1st EFA, 2nd EFA
and 30 April Chinese Agreement (“the Other Agreements”) subsequently; and

(d) the defendants’ evidence was that both parties did not intend to be bound
notwithstanding the words used in the 14 April Minutes.

The court’s approach to analysing the legal effect of commercial arrangements

81 I propose to briefly synthesise the law as it stands and set out some broad
general principles that may be applied to assess whether a commercial
arrangement is intended to have legal effect. These are as follows:

(a) As a starting point, in matters of commerce, there is a rebuttable
presumption that the parties intend to create legal relations in any
commercial arrangement that they propose (see Chua Kim Leng (Cai Jinling) v
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd [2006] SGHC 221 at [24]).

(b) The onus on a party who asserts that a commercial arrangement is not to
have legal effect is a heavy one (see Tan Eck Hong v Maxz Universal
Development Group Pte Limited [2012] SGHC 240 at [60]).

(c) Where the parties perform the terms of the commercial arrangement, it is
likely that they intend to enter into legal relations pursuant to the
commercial arrangement (see G Percy Trentham Ltd v Archital Luxfer [1993] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 25 at 27).

(d) The fact that the commercial arrangement is drafted/structured by
solicitors and the use of language importing legal relations are factors that
would go towards finding that parties intend to create legal relations (see
Barbudev v Eurocom Cable Management Bulgaria EOOD [2011] 2 All ER (Comm) 963
at [37]).

The 14 April Minutes evidenced an agreement between the defendants and the TYL
Consortium

82 The defendants’ argument that the document was entitled “Minutes of
Meeting” does not go very far as the plaintiff’s case is a broader one: the 14
April Minutes is evidence of or constitutes an agreement. The 14 April Minutes
states that the parties “agreed” to a number of things. As the parties were
dealing in a commercial capacity, there is a rebuttable presumption that they
intended to create legal relations as regards their agreement that was
recorded in the 14 April Minutes.

83 The defendants have not rebutted this presumption. In my view, the 14 April
Minutes was intended, on a balance of probabilities, to evince the fact that
the parties reached an oral agreement on 14 April 2001 on a number of matters
(“the 14 April Agreement”). In the 14 April Minutes, the parties then
recounted that they agreed on how the payment for the eventual acquisition of
shares in RTC, EH and ABR was to be made. I refer, in particular, to one part
of the 14 April Minutes that I reproduce here for convenience:

…

Mode of payment upon conclusion of Agreement:

Party B would have to pay to the law firm S$3 million on 16 April 2001, and
hand over two banker’s guarantees on 30 April 2001:

One in the sum of S$16.50 million to be cashed on 30 July 2001,

One in the sum of S$16.50 million to be cashed on 30 October 2001.

…

[emphasis added].

84 It is undisputed that the TYL Consortium did on 16 April 2001 perform the
14 April Agreement by paying S$3m. The performance of the terms recorded in
the 14 April Minutes does suggest that the parties reached an agreement on 14
April 2001 that was intended to have legal effect.

85 My conclusion is buttressed by the fact that the parties set out their
liabilities vis-à-vis each other. I reproduce the relevant portion of the 14
April Minutes:

…

If Party B breached the Agreement, Party B would have to compensate Party A
S$18 million.

If Party A breached the Agreement or sold (the abovementioned) to another
party instead, Party A would have to compensate Party B S$18 million. The
compensation would have to be paid in full within 14 days; the same condition
applied to both parties.

…

[Emphasis added]

86 While I am cognisant of the fact that the 14 April Minutes was not drafted
by a lawyer and that the TYL Consortium did not have their own solicitors
present at the meeting (apart from Mr Teo who was a friend of TYL and LJW and
counsel of LA), I note from the 14 April Minutes that the 14 April Agreement
contemplated clearly legal effects that should flow from the TYL Consortium’s
refusal to pay S$3m on 16 April 2001.

87 The fact that the TYL Consortium on the one hand and the defendants on the
other entered into the Other Agreements is not legally relevant, as the Other
Agreements can be rationalised as subsequent agreements to implement the
commercial understanding of the parties of their obligations in the 14 April
Agreement. Additionally, the 14 April Minutes does not in any sense suggest
that the 14 April Agreement was some sort of a “subject to contract”
arrangement. It was in essence a binding contract that was to be in place
until the parties enter into the Other Agreements.

88 I also note LA’s evidence in cross-examination: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript dated 9 October 2015, pp 183 – 184.

Q. This is my first question: there was a fear on 14 April 2001 that [TYL] may
not live up to her commitment; correct?

A. Yes.

…

Q. Correct. The last thing you wanted was a situation where [the TYL
Consortium] played you out, correct? That means they don't give you the money
on 16 April?

A. Yes.

Q. It's a short time. 14 April 2001 is this document, 16 April 2001 is the
first date in which [the TYL Consortium] have to fork out $3 million as the
first part, the first tranche, of the consideration.

A. Yes.

Q. You wanted some kind of assurance yourself, correct? Am I right?

A. Yes.

Q. And that is why, [LA], you negotiated with [the TYL Consortium], by proxy,
I suppose, that if [TYL] breached the agreement, she would have compensate you
$18 million?

A. Yes.

Q. In that way, at the very least, you have an assurance. On the one hand, you
know she's serious, because she is basically telling you, "Don't worry, if I
go back on this word, on my commitment to extend this to you, on my commitment
to provide the three tranches of financing, I will compensate you", am I
right?

A. Yes.

Q. That gave you the assurance; correct? Because, if [the TYL Consortium] did
back out, you could then go back and say, "Hey, hey, you now owe me 18 million
because you breached this", am I right?

A. Yes.

Q. In your mind, if [the TYL Consortium] had backed out, you would have
brought this clause to their attention to say, "Hey, you said that you would
compensate me 18 million if you breached it. You have breached your commitment
to me, therefore, I'm now claiming 18 million from you", yes?

A. Yes.

[emphasis added].

89 It seems to me that LA himself was of the view that he could have sued the
TYL Consortium for the S$18m as recorded in the 14 April Minutes if the TYL
Consortium did not pay the S$3m on 16 April 2001. This, to me, is evidence of
the defendants’ and the TYL Consortium’s intentions on 14 April 2001 when they
discussed the terms that were then recorded in the 14 April Minutes. It
becomes entirely clear on the objective evidence that the parties wanted the
14 April Agreement to have legal effect pending their entry into the Other
Agreements.

90 The fact also remains that the defendants’ were only able to confidently
inform PL and the plaintiff that they had fulfilled the condition in the
Agreement viz, obtained financing to buy out PL and DF’s Interests and Shares,
because they had entered into the 14 April Agreement with the TYL Consortium.

No breach of the pre-emption rights in any case

91 For completeness, I endeavour to analyse if the defendants’ would have
breached the pre-emption rights of the plaintiff under the Relevant Articles
if the 14 April Agreement as evinced by the 14 April Minutes was indeed an
agreement to sell the defendants’ Shares. I note however that this analysis is
hypothetical, as I have found that the 14 April Agreement related to the sale
of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares (see [107] below).

92 The leading decision on the issue of pre-emption rights is that of the
House of Lords in Lyle & Scott Ltd v Scott's Trustees, Lyle & Scott Ltd v
British Investment Trust Ltd [1959] AC 763 (“Lyle v Scott’s Trustees”). The
case arose out of an outside bid for the issued share capital in a company
with articles of association conferring rights of pre-emption upon existing
members. The articles contained a provision in article 9 that “no transfer of
ordinary shares ... shall take place for an onerous consideration so long as
any other shareholder is willing to purchase the same” and that a shareholder
who is “desirous of transferring his ordinary shares” should give notice in
writing to the company secretary, whereupon the pre-emption machinery would be
set in motion (“art 9”).

93 The respondents and certain other shareholders accepted the bid, executed
and delivered proxies, declarations of trust and the share certificates to the
bidder and received payment of the purchase price. All that remained to be
done was for the shareholders to execute transfers and the bidder to present
them for registration. The respondents also bound themselves legally to vote
as the bidder desired, so as to put him as fully in control of the company as
they could without registering transfers of the shares. The appellant company
commenced proceedings for a declaration that the sales of shares had been in
breach of art 9 and for an order of specific implement requiring the
shareholders to activate the pre-emption machinery by giving notice to the
secretary. The House of Lords had to decide whether the respondents can be
said to be “desirous of transferring [their] ordinary shares.” This turned on
the interpretation on what “transfer” meant in the context of pre-emption
rights. The House of Lords held that the respondents had transferred their
shares by entering into a binding agreement with the bidder where they held
the shares as trustees for the bidder.

94 In this regard, Viscount Simonds noted as follows at 774 – 775:

… [A]s I have said, the question is not whether what has been done is a breach
of the first part of the article but whether it demonstrates with sufficient
clearness that Scott's trustees are persons desirous of transferring their
ordinary shares. It appears to me that there is no room for doubt that that is
just what they are. Here I can proceed on their admissions. For, since it is
the admitted fact that they entered into the agreement for sale of their
shares and have received and retain the price, it follows that, whether or not
they have yet done all that they ought as vendors to do, they hold the shares
as trustees for the purchaser. They are bound to do everything that in them
lies to perfect the title of the purchaser. They cannot compel the company to
register him as the holder of the shares, but everything else they must do,
and it is straining credulity too far to suppose that everything else would
not already have been done, if it had not been hoped to gain some tactical
advantage by delay. …

…

… I have already indicated that a shareholder who has agreed to sell his
shares and has received the price is to be deemed to be desirous of
transferring them. At once, therefore, the machinery of the article is put in
motion and he must inform the secretary of the number that he desires to sell
…

[emphasis added].

95 Lord Reid opined that the context in which the words are used in the
articles should ultimately determine whether the pre-emption right has been
triggered at 778:

… They say that transfer "and transferring" only apply to a complete transfer
of the ownership of shares by acceptance and registration of deeds of
transfer, and that a shareholder who agrees to sell his shares is quite
entitled to do so and to receive the price and vote as the purchaser wishes so
long as he is not desirous of having a transfer registered.

I see no reason for reading the article in that limited way. Transferring a
share involves a series of steps, first an agreement to sell, then the
execution of a deed of transfer and finally the registration of the transfer.
The word transfer can mean the whole of those steps. Moreover, the ordinary
meaning of "transfer" is simply to hand over or part with something, and a
shareholder who agrees to sell is parting with something. The context must
determine in what sense the word is used.

…

[emphasis added].

96 Another noteworthy decision is that of the English High Court in Re
Sedgefield Steeplechase Co (1927) Ltd, Scotto v Petch and others [2000] 2 BCLC
211 (“Re Sedgefield”). The decision of the English High Court there was
delivered by Lord Hoffmann (sitting as an additional Judge of the Chancery
Division). The plaintiff in that case (“S”) was a shareholder in a company
whose articles of association conferred pre-emption rights which required a
shareholder who “intends to transfer” shares to give written notice of his
intention to the board which might then offer the shares to other members. A
take-over bid was made for the company by an outside bidder and all the
shareholders other than S (“the other shareholders”) entered into agreements
with the bidder to sell it the equitable interest in their shares.

97 The agreements provided that the bidder as trustee for the other
shareholders had no authority to transfer the shares in any way which would
contravene any subsisting pre-emption rights contained in the articles of
association of the company and required the other shareholders to use their
best endeavours to requisition a meeting to pass a resolution to delete the
pre-emption articles. S presented a petition under s 459 of the Companies Act
1985 (UK) claiming to be entitled to exercise her pre-emptive rights
complaining that the proposed alteration of the articles would be unlawful and
unfairly prejudicial to her interests. At the same time she issued a writ
claiming a declaration that the other shareholders were obliged to give
transfer notices under the articles and a mandatory order that such notices be
given. Two preliminary issues were tried by the English High Court, namely
whether in the circumstances each of the other shareholders “intends to
transfer shares” within the meaning of the articles of association and whether
they were bound to give written notice to the board of such intention.

98 Lord Hoffmann ultimately decided that a shareholder who wished to dispose
of his shares but had no intention of contravening the subsisting pre-emption
provisions in the articles of association did not intend to transfer for the
purpose of triggering an obligation to give notice unless he went further and
did something which was in breach of those provisions.

99 He considered all relevant English decisions in which a similar question
had arisen: Lyle v Scott's Trustees, Owens v. GRA Property Trust Ltd (10th
July 1978, unreported), Theakston v. London Trust Plc [1984] BCLC 390 and Ex
-p Schwarcz (No 2) [1989] BCLC 427.

100 Lord Hoffmann observed as follows at 220 – 221:

If a shareholder who has a definite intention to transfer his shares in
accordance with the proper machinery of the pre-emption article can choose his
own time for serving a transfer notice, then I do not see that it makes any
difference that he agrees with an outside party to serve such a transfer
notice at a time of the latter's choosing. So far as the other shareholders
are concerned, all that matters is that there is an intention to comply with
the articles. The arrangements which the shareholder has made for determining
when he will give the notice are a matter for him. This, as it seems to me, is
the effect of Theakston v London Trust plc [1984] BCLC 390, in which an
agreement with a bidder to serve a transfer notice when called upon to do so
did not trigger an obligation to give a transfer notice at once.

By the same reasoning, I do not think that an intention to transfer shares to
an outsider conditional upon the pre-emption rights having been deleted by
special resolution can be an intention which creates an immediate obligation
to give a notice. The shareholder is entitled to say that he has no intention
of violating any rights of pre-emption. He intends to transfer his shares
strictly in accordance with the articles as they stand at the time of the
transfer. And, again by the same reasoning, I do not think it matters that the
shareholder has bound himself to transfer to the outsider conditional upon the
deletion of the articles. Such an agreement equally contemplates no intention
to infringe any right of the other shareholders. Nor can there be any
contravention of the articles in an agreement to vote in favour of the
necessary special resolution. These conclusions in my view follow from Re a
company (No 005685 of 1988), ex p Schwarcz (No 2) [1989] BCLC 427.

The general principle which I would derive from the cases is that a
shareholder who has done nothing inconsistent with an intention to comply, at
the appropriate moment, with the subsisting provisions of the articles, cannot
be required to serve a transfer notice at an earlier stage. The obligation
attaches only when the shareholder has entered into arrangements (such as the
sale in the [Lyle v Scott’s Trust] case or the grant of the option in Owens v
GRA Property Trust Ltd) which place him under a contractual obligation to
execute and deliver a transfer in violation of the rights of pre-emption.

101 Although the other shareholders sold their beneficial interests in the
shares in that case to a bidder, Lord Hoffmann took the view that there was no
breach of the pre-emption rights at 221–222:

In my view the sale of the beneficial ownership by the old documentation was
so qualified that (unlike the option in Owens v GRA Property Trust Ltd) it did
not give Northern Racing the right to call upon a shareholder to do anything
inconsistent with the pre-emption rights. … [S] cannot therefore complain of
any intention to execute a transfer in violation of her rights under the
articles. So, for the reasons which I have discussed, I do not think that the
old documentation demonstrated an intention to transfer which gave rise to an
immediate obligation to serve a notice.

… [T]he new documentation, like the old, expressly precluded Northern Racing
from requiring the vendors to do anything else which would contravene
subsisting pre-emption rights. It therefore does not evince the necessary
intention to transfer. …

[emphasis added].

102 Re Sedgefield builds on Lyle v Scott’s Trust and states that a highly
qualified sale of shares might not be in breach of a pre-emption right. This
is a positive development in the law. When the court approaches the question
of the scope of pre-emption rights, it must remember that the owner of a share
in a company has in his hand a property right. The pre-emption right of
another shareholder in turn is a contractual right that seeks to restrict a
person from dealing freely with his property right. An analogy can thus be
drawn with the law on restrictive covenants in the context of land law. It has
long been established in that context that a restrictive covenant is to be
construed strictly so as to not create a wider obligation than that imported
by its actual words (see the decision of the English Court of Appeal in Brigg
v Thornton [1904] 1 Ch 386 as applied by Megarry J (as he then was) in Rother
v Colchester Corporation [1969] 1 WLR 720 at 728 – 730). Understandably, this
flows from the general view that any other right that purports to restrict
free dealing with property should be construed strictly (“the property view”).
There remains a strong case for suggesting that the property view applies to
pre-emption clauses in general and any act short of presenting an executed
instrument of transfer for registration should not trigger a pre-emption
right. There is no real prejudice to the holder of the pre-emption right in
that case, as the relevant company can refuse to register the instrument of
transfer if notice is not first served on it in accordance with the articles
of association.

103 In such a case, commercial parties can negotiate freely and enter into any
agreement bearing in mind that there is risk that they might not be able to
complete the transaction if an existing shareholder should exercise his pre-
emption rights. The law would also operate in a commercially friendly manner
that would, among the other things, allow parties to proceed with legitimate
transactions, which include mergers and acquisitions, without needless
obstacles. Nevertheless, I need not express a firm view on this point given
that the present issue can be sufficiently dealt with by applying Re
Sedgefield and Lyle v Scott’s Trust.

104 In the present case, even if the 14 April Agreement as evinced by the 14
April Minutes related to the sale of the defendants’ Shares, there would not
have been a breach of the pre-emption rights as there would have been nothing
in that agreement which made the defendants’ hold the defendants’ Shares for
the TYL Consortium on trust. There was simply no money exchanged and nothing
to create an option over the defendants’ Shares. Therefore, the obligation of
pre-emption would not even be triggered.

105 I also note that the option granted to the TYL Consortium pursuant to the
1st EFA (which implemented the 14 April Agreement) stated clearly in cl 4.1(b)
that the option granted to the TYL Consortium to obtain 50% shares in RTC was
conditional upon LA having full legal and beneficial ownership of 89% of the
shares in RTC and in cl 4.2 that the right to exchange the facility for shares
in ABR was conditional upon LA having full legal and beneficial ownership in
EH, Sullivan and Goldhurst. The same arrangement is envisaged by the 2nd EFA.
Therefore, even on the plaintiff’s unsustainable argument that the defendants
sold the defendants’ Shares in the 14 April Agreement, the defendants’ would
not have breached the pre-emption rights in the Relevant Articles as the
transfer was envisaged to be conducted in a manner that was consistent with
the Relevant Articles; LA was to own all the shares before any option for the
TYL Consortium to purchase the said shares can crystallise. As noted in Re
Sedgefield at 221 “a shareholder who has done nothing inconsistent with an
intention to comply” with the pre-emption rights cannot be liable for breach
of the said rights.

106 In any case, there is a strong argument that if the 14 April Agreement did
(as the plaintiff fancifully argues) relate to the sale of the defendants’
Shares, it would not even be enforceable. This is because the consideration
for the purchase of those shares would have been paid to PL directly.

The 14 April Agreement relates to the financing of the purchase of PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares

107 Nothing turns on my finding that the defendants and the TYL Consortium
entered into a legally binding agreement on 14 April 2001 because this
agreement very clearly relates to the financing of the purchase of PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares and was not an agreement to purchase the defendants’
Shares.

108 It is so obvious that the 14 April Agreement related to the back-to-back
financing deal where the TYL Consortium financed the purchase by LA of PL and
DF’s Interests and Shares and then procured the defendants to transfer the PL
and DF’s Interests and Shares to them. This was also the mechanism found in
the 1st EFA and 2nd EFA and ultimately how the TYL Consortium became owners of
shares in RTC, EH and ABR (see [31] – [33] above).

109 It did not make sense for the TYL Consortium to want to purchase the
defendants’ Shares. That would be a very inexplicable commercial move by the
TYL Consortium. The defendants’ Shares were the subject of Suit 742. If the
TYL Consortium were agreeing to purchase those shares, they would, in essence,
be stepping into the shoes of the defendants’ as litigants in Suit 742 if PL
and DF did not transfer their shares and interests to the defendants. Such a
move is beyond reason. The logical interpretation of the commercial
arrangement between the defendants and the TYL Consortium is that the
financing of the defendants’ purchase of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares came
with the condition that the said shares were to be transferred to the TYL
Consortium. The provision in the 14 April Minutes which made the defendants
liable to TYL and LJW if they sold the shares “to another party instead” was
therefore necessary; the TYL Consortium did not want the defendants to
transfer PL and DF’s Interests and Shares to any other party other than the
TYL Consortium after the defendants had purchased PL and DF’s Interests and
Shares with the financing obtained from the TYL Consortium.

110 As suggested by WT in his evidence, it did not make any sense to suggest
that the 14 April Agreement related to the purchase of the defendants’ Shares.
This is because, as we know, it was LA who purchased PL and DF’s Interests and
Shares. If the defendants had transferred the defendants’ Shares to the TYL
Consortium, then WT will be left with no shares and would not have been paid
any compensation at all. What follows is that the subject matter of the 14
April Agreement must be PL and DF’s Interests and Shares. I reproduce WT’s
evidence in this regard:

Q. One other question. Do you recall, again this morning, you mentioned that
according to the plaintiff's case, you had sold your shares in RTC, ABR and EH
on 14 April 2001 and that you were not a buyer or a seller under the deed of
settlement dated 19 April 2001? Do you recall your evidence?

A. Yes.

Q. You said you would be very angry if that was the case.

A. Yes.

Q. Why would you be very angry? Can you maybe explain?

…

A. Yes, if I have sold my shares. Then -- 50 per cent it's written here, 50
per cent of RTC. It must have been -- according to their case, it will be 40
per cent from [LA], 10 per cent from me. So I have zero shares. So, as a zero
shareholder, from that day onwards, and during [the Deed] on the 19th when we
sign, clearly shows that I am not a buyer. Don't you think I would be
thinking, hey, what are you all trying to do? You should be giving me my
shares, or some shares. Then, on top of that, I never collected any moneys at
all. The moneys, [TYL] made sure that [Mr Teo] is giving the money to [PL]
side and [the plaintiff's] side to settle the suit and then they -- two
cashier's order also was given to [PL] and [the plaintiff].

So, I mean, that's why do I go through this settlement, I have got nothing.
Might as well continue to fight. At least I still git my 11 percent.

111 This sits well with the 14 April Minutes that contemplated that the
parties therein (ie, the defendants and the TYL Consortium) would own 70% of
the shares in ABR after PL and DF’s Interests and Shares had been transferred
to the TYL Consortium (ie defendants having 35% of the ABR shares and TYL
Consortium having 35% of ABR shares, with the balance of 30% of the ABR shares
being owned by members of the public). I reproduce the two relevant portions
of the 14 April Minutes:

Party A [ie the defendants] agreed to the sale at S$36 million of:

ABR 35% (approximately 34. ….%) in short, the total of both parties was 70%

…

Remarks:

After the (shares) in ABR had been transferred, both parties would have to
mortgage a total of 70% of the shares to a bank to obtain a loan to be
extended to Party B. Both parties would think of a way and assist one another
jointly.

…

[emphasis added].

112 Additionally, the defendants’ would not have also been able to give two
years of profits to the TYL Consortium if they ceased to be shareholders by
selling their shares to them. It would not have made any sense for the
defendants to have agreed to the following portion of the 14 April Minutes if
the defendants were to have sold the defendants’ Shares to the TYL Consortium
pursuant to the 14 April Agreement:

Party A [ie the defendants] agreed …

…

…. that the profits received by Party A in the first and second years after
the joining of the new shareholder(s) would be transferred and given to Party
B [ie, the TYL Consortium].

…

113 The plaintiff argues that it is not possible for the 14 April Agreement to
deal with PL and DF’s Interests and Shares as they did not have 50%
shareholding. The plaintiff thus argues that technically, LA would have had to
draw on his own shares to transfer his shares to the TYL Consortium. This
argument however ignores the fact that the parties were negotiating during the
Mediation on the basis that each faction had 50% shareholding. It was by that
time agreed by the defendants expressly in Suit 742 that shares were being
held beneficially for PL, and although that was not exactly PL’s position, it
remains the fact that the factual assumption that undergirded the Mediation in
relation to buying out the other party was that each faction was seeking to
buy out the 50% stake held by the other faction.

114 As noted at [25] and [30] above, the respective purchase amounts that were
paid for the stake in ABR, EH and RTC (as set out in the 14 April Minutes),
were eventually paid to PL and/or his solicitors. It is difficult to see why
these amounts would have to be paid to PL if the TYL Consortium were buying
the defendants’ Shares as one would then expect the TYL Consortium to be
paying the purchase amounts to the defendants and not to PL. This leads to the
inexorable conclusion that the 14 April Agreement must relate to the TYL
Consortium’s financing of the defendants’ purchase of PL and DF’s Interests
and Shares with an attached obligation on the defendants to procure the
transfer of the shares received from the purchase to themselves. It is thus
not reasonable to argue that the 14 April Agreement related to the sale of the
defendants’ Shares to the TYL Consortium.

115 Lastly, I also note that that the option granted to the TYL Consortium
pursuant to the 1st EFA on 23 April 2001 stated clearly in cl 4.1(b) that the
option granted to the TYL Consortium to obtain 50% shares in RTC was
conditional upon the LA having full legal and beneficial ownership of 89% of
the shares in RTC and in cl 4.2 that the right to exchange the facility for
shares in ABR was conditional upon LA having full legal and beneficial
ownership in EH, Sullivan and Goldhurst. The same arrangement is envisaged by
the 2nd EFA. As the 1st EFA implemented the substance of the 14 April
Agreement, it becomes quite clear that the parties envisaged a back-to-back
agreement where LA would acquire PL and DF’s Interests and Shares and then
transfer them to the TYL Consortium pursuant to their exercise of the options
set out in the Other Agreements.

Accuracy of translation of the 14 April Minutes

116 I must also point out that a particular sentence in the 14 April Minutes
in its original form uses the Chinese characters “转卖” (which literally means
“resell” when reference is made to a few of the Chinese-English Dictionaries
produced in court). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2015, pp 38 – 39.

This was however translated by the then Head Interpreter of the Supreme Court
(“the Original Interpreter”) as “sold” instead of “resold” in the sentence
which he translated into English as “If Party A breached the Agreement or sold
(the abovementioned) to another party instead, Party A would have to
compensate Party B S$18 million.” The defendants’ counsel during the last
tranche of the hearing wanted to establish if there was any error in the
translation as the literal meaning of the two Chinese characters used in the
14 April Minutes could suggest that the TYL Consortium was entering into a
back-to-back transaction with the defendants’ to purchase PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares and then to resell it to the TYL Consortium. The
plaintiff’s counsel took the contrary position that there was no error in
translation.

117 As the Original Interpreter had since left the Supreme Court, the parties
agreed that the Head Interpreter of the Chinese Section of the Supreme Court
be called to give evidence to assist the court on the accuracy of the
translation. As the Head Interpreter was not available, the Acting Head
Interpreter took the witness stand. The Acting Head Interpreter confirmed the
accuracy of the translation and reasoned why the Original Interpreter did not
translate “转卖” as “resell” (as it should have been on a literal
interpretation) and chose to translate it as “sell”. She termed this as the
“contextual approach”. Her view was as follows:

The translator, having looked at the term "zhuan mai" [“resell”] would
probably also see that there are only two parties mentioned in this document,
there is only one so-called transaction mentioned in this document and then
the translator would ask themselves, why "zhuan mai"? Why is it a resale?
Because the transaction described here is that A agrees to sell and then to B,
so where is the resale?

So the translator would read on, to find -- to try and look for any tell-tale
signs that this is a resale, and if, having done that, the translator is
unable to find any clue pointing to what's a resale, the translator would
probably look at the term again, because there is another way of interpreting
the meaning of the term "zhuan mai", ie to take the meaning of "zhuan" as a
single character, it has its own meaning, and then "mai" also has its own
meaning, and then we take the meanings of it these two separate Chinese
characters as a whole, as a combination, to come up with a possible way of
translating this phrase.

118 Given the confirmation of the accuracy of the translation by the Acting
Head Interpreter, I accept that there is no error in the translation of the 14
April Minutes into English. Based on the English translation provided, I am of
the view that the factual matrix reveals clearly that the 14 April Agreement
aims to set out how the purchase of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares was to be
financed and eventually transferred to the TYL Consortium. As I have already
observed at [108] – [115] above, the 14 April Agreement as evinced by the 14
April Minutes plainly reveals that the parties contemplated a back-to-back
transaction where the TYL Consortium would finance the defendants’ purchase of
PL and DF’s Interests and Shares and after the defendants’ said purchase, the
defendants would have to transfer the said interest and shares to the TYL
Consortium and if the defendants were to sell the said interest and shares to
someone else, the defendants would have to compensate the TYL Consortium a sum
of S$18 million. The fact that the English word “resell” is not used in the 14
April Minutes as translated does not mean that there was no possibility of a
resale, as in every resale, there are always two transactions ie, a “buy”
followed by a “sell” transaction. The second transaction can just as
accurately be described as another “sell” transaction.

Summary of findings

119 In light of the above, I conclude that the 14 April Agreement did not
relate to the sale of the defendants’ Shares but related to the financing of
the purchase of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares by the TYL Consortium and the
subsequent transfer of the said interests to the TYL Consortium.

120 I endeavour to also state the effect of my finding on the Breach of
Articles Claim. I first set out the Relevant Articles that the plaintiff
contends that the defendants’ have breached.

121 Article 24A(a) and (b) of EH’s Articles state: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

9 Agreed Bundle 06547

(a) Except where a transfer is to be made by a member with the consent of all
the other members (in which case the following provisions of this article 24A
shall not apply), no shares may be transferred to any person (including any
member) unless and until the rights or pre-emption conferred by this article
24A (hereinafter called this “Article”) have been exhausted.

(b) Every member (hereinafter in this Article called the “Vendor”) who desires
to transfer any shares shall give to the Company notice in writing of such
desire (hereinafter in this Article called the “Transfer Notice”). Subject as
hereinafter mentioned, the Transfer Notice shall constitute the Company the
Vendor’s agent for the sale of the shares specified therein (hereinafter in
this Article called the “Shares”) in one or more lots at the discretion of the
directors (other than the Vendor if the Vendor is a director) at a price to be
agreed upon between the Vendor and the other members or, in case of a dispute,
at a price, which the auditor of the Company for the time being shall, by
writing under his hand, certify to be in his opinion the fair value thereof as
between a willing seller and willing buyer. In so certifying the auditor shall
be considered as acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator and accordingly
the Arbitration Act Cap. 10 shall not apply. The Transfer Notice shall not be
revocable except with the sanction of all members (other than the Vendor).”

122 Article 26(B) and (C) of RTC’s Articles state: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

9 Agreed Bundle 06807

(B) Save as hereby otherwise provided, no share shall be transferred to any
person who is not a member of the Company as long as any member or any person
selected by the Directors as one whom it is desirable in the interest of the
Company to admit to membership is willing to purchase the same at the fair
value, which shall be determined as hereinafter provided.

(C) In order to ascertain whether any member or person selected as aforesaid
is willing to purchase the share at the fair value, the person, whether a
member of the Company or not, proposing to transfer the same (hereinafter
called “the retiring member”) shall give a notice in writing (hereinafter
described as a “sale notice”) to the Company that he desires to sell the same.
Every sale notice shall specify the denoting numbers of the shares which the
retiring member desires to sell, and shall constitute the Company the agent of
the retiring member for the sale of such shares to any member of the Company
at the fair value, and such sale shall be subject to the prior written consent
of the URA. No sale notice shall be withdrawn except with the sanction of the
Directors.

123 As can be seen from the Relevant Articles, the pre-emption rights therein
are only triggered when the defendants’ seek to transfer their own shares to a
third party.

124 As a consequence of my finding noted at [119] above, the Breach of
Articles Claim fails in toto; the defendants’ were not selling their shares
and hence the pre-emption provisions would not even be triggered.

Plaintiff estopped from asserting his pre-emption rights

125 The plaintiff and PL were negotiating as one faction led by PL (“PL’s
faction”). Prior to reaching the Agreement at the end of the Mediation on 12
April 2001, the defendants had agreed to sell their Shares to PL’s faction at
S$36 million, if PL’s faction could raise the necessary financing without
touching the funds in RTC. However, PL wanted the defendants to pay themselves
the purchase consideration out of the funds in RTC by way of dividends, to
which the defendants were not agreeable. The defendants were of the view that
it was improper and if that was PL’s method of “raising funds”, the defendants
could just as easily buy PL and DF’s Interests and Shares. The plaintiff
admitted that “[PL] could not raise the financing”. It was only after PL’s
faction was not able to raise the financing (without touching RTC’s funds)
that the parties agreed to the opposite scenario at the end of the Mediation,
where the defendants would buy out PL’s faction instead at the same price of
S$36 million if the defendants could obtain financing (without touching RTC’s
funds). The SMC Mediators had apparently facilitated this Agreement by
suggesting that if PL’s faction could not buy out the defendants at S$36
million, it was only fair that the defendants should be given the same
opportunity to buy out PL’s faction instead.

126 In reliance on the representation by PL that his faction would sell their
interests and shares if the defendants obtained the financing, the defendants
met the TYL Consortium on 13 April 2001 and sought financial assistance from
them. The TYL Consortium agreed to and did subsequently provide the financing
as evidenced in the 14 April Minutes, which thus enabled the defendants to
purchase PL and DF’s Interests and Shares. Under the circumstances when PL and
the plaintiff had bound themselves to dispose of all their interests and
shares as they no longer wished to remain as shareholders, I would also find
that the plaintiff is estopped from exercising his pre-emption rights.

Plaintiff’s rights of pre-emption waived under the Deed

127 The defendants also rely on the following two clauses in the Deed to argue
that the plaintiff had waived his rights of pre-emption:

2.3 The parties hereby waive all and any pre-emption rights they may have
(whether arising under or out of the respective constitutions of the Sale
Companies or otherwise) in relation to the sale and/or transfer of the Sale
Shares.

2.4 …

(b) PL and the Vendors hereby agree and acknowledge that upon Closing, they
have no actions, rights, choses in action, remedies, claims, proceedings and
demands whatsoever and howsoever arising against the Purchaser, WT, the Sale
Companies or any of their subsidiaries or associated companies in respect of
any interest in shares, whether existing or otherwise, in RTC, EH, Sullivan,
Goldhurst or their respective subsidiaries or associated companies.

[emphasis added].

128 The plaintiff argues that cl 2.3 of the Deed does not apply to him as he
was selling and not buying shares under the Deed. That argument completely
misses the point. In my view, cl 2.3 states unequivocally that the parties
waive all the pre-emption rights they may have in relation to the sale and/or
transfer of the Sale Shares. The plaintiff was the seller of the Sale Shares;
he would have had pre-emption rights attached to the shares that he was
selling under the Relevant Articles relating to those shares. In agreeing to
cl 2.3 of the Deed, he waived his right to enforce those pre-emption rights
that attached to the shares he was selling. Therefore, the plaintiff simply
has, in any case, no right of pre-emption to assert in the present case as he
had waived them under cl 2.3 of the Deed on 19 April 2001 when the Deed was
executed.

129 The plaintiff argues that the cl 2.4(b) does not extinguish his accrued
rights (if any) before Closing ie, 30 April 2001. On the facts, the parties
delayed the effectiveness of cl 2.4(b) until Closing because they knew that
there was a chance that the transaction contemplated under the Deed might not
be eventually completed. The banker’s guarantees had not yet been furnished at
the time of the signing of the Deed on 19 April 2001. They were furnished only
on 27 April 2001. Therefore, pursuant to cl 2.4(b), if the parties
successfully closed the transaction on Closing, the plaintiff or PL would not
be able to subsequently assert any “interest in shares” in relation to the
shares set out in cl 2.4(b) (howsoever they arose). As the transaction
successfully closed on 30 April 2001, the plaintiff and PL from that date
onwards had waived any claims they might have had in respect of an interest in
the shares set out in cl 2.4(b). Accordingly, this extinguishes all of the
plaintiff’s accrued rights (if any) in relation to his “interest in shares”
before Closing.

130 However, cl 2.4(b) of the Deed is not applicable in the present case as it
deals with waivers of claims in relation to an “interest in shares”. The
plaintiff does not purport to claim an interest in shares but has framed this
action as a simple claim in breach of contract. Therefore, the defendants
would not be able to invoke cl 2.4(b) of the Deed against the plaintiff.

The Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims not supported by the facts

131 As noted at [19] above, during the course of the third tranche of the
Mediation and on or about 12 April 2001, PL proposed that the plaintiff and
himself use RTC’s monies to buy the defendants Shares. To this end, PL
suggested that the defendants should transfer the defendants’ Shares to
himself and the plaintiff and draw out S$36m from RTC to pay themselves by way
of dividends ie, PL’s Proposal. There was no significant dispute between the
plaintiff and defendants’ version as to this mechanism proposed by PL. It was
also not disputed that the defendants rejected this arrangement. The plaintiff
asserts that the defendants had represented during the Mediation that the
payment mechanism PL proposed was improper and unacceptable ie, the Alleged
Representation.

132 This Alleged Representation forms the basis of the Conspiracy, Fraud and
Misrepresentation Claims. The plaintiff avers that the Alleged Representation
was false as the defendants “entered into an agreement with the TYL Consortium
for the sale of their shares with the consideration to be paid from monies in
RTC” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

The plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 423.

and made the Alleged Representation with knowledge of its falsity;
consequently, the plaintiff was induced into selling his shares to the
defendants. He suffered loss as he was, inter alia, deprived of the
opportunity to insist upon and assert his rights of pre-emption under the
Relevant Articles. This is in essence the plaintiff’s claim in fraud and
misrepresentation.

133 The part of the plaintiff’s claim on conspiracy referred to an agreement
between LA and WT to cause damage to DF. I set out the plaintiff’s account of
the alleged agreement: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

The plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 447.

… [T]here was an agreement between [the defendants] to deceive [the plaintiff]
into thinking that it was unacceptable to use the monies in RTC to pay the
purchase price of their shares. They also agreed to sell their shares to [the
TYL Consortium] with the consideration being paid from the monies in RTC. They
hid this from [the plaintiff] …

134 In light of the above, the Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims
may be disposed of by determining whether the deal cut with the TYL Consortium
(“the TYL Consortium Deal”) was the same as PL’s Proposal that was rejected by
the defendants. Even not considering the higher standard of proof required to
establish fraud (see generally Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v
Lek Benedict and Others [2005] 3 SLR 263), I am of the view that the
plaintiff’s argument in relation to the Conspiracy, Fraud and
Misrepresentation Claims is, factually, a complete non-starter as the TYL
Consortium Deal is very different from PL’s proposal. As an aside, the
defendants, based on my finding of facts, did not sell their shares to the TYL
Consortium. That is a bridge that the plaintiff would have had to cross to
prove that the defendants had resiled from the Alleged Representation. The
plaintiff has not crossed that bridge.

135 Moving back to the central point, PL’s Proposal did not involve the
injection of any fresh funds in relation to the purchase of shares. He simply
sought to take the money out of RTC. Whereas, under the TYL Consortium Deal,
the TYL Consortium had to provide the S$3m payment on 16 April 2001 and had to
secure two bank guarantees of S$16.5m each on 27 April 2001 to make up the
purchase consideration. The funds to enable the two cashier’s orders totalling
S$3m to be furnished and the two bank guarantees for a total of S$33m to be
secured were not from RTC. It is disingenuous to suggest that the ability to
provide S$36m upfront (in cash and through guarantees) was insignificant. It
is to the TYL Consortium’s credit that they were able to raise such amounts so
quickly and the plaintiff must confront the fact that PL and himself were
unable to raise the same amount. This is borne out by his own testimony. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2014, pp 108 – 109.

136 Therefore, I find that the Conspiracy, Fraud and Misrepresentation Claims
are factually unsustainable as the Alleged Representation made by the
defendants’ was not false because the TYL Consortium had to provide fresh
funds to the tune of S$36m to enable the defendants to buy out PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares.

Conclusion

137 The plaintiff by his own mouth admitted that he was beholden to PL. It is
hard to think of the plaintiff cutting a deal independent of PL. In cross-
examination he admitted that PL “could not raise the financing” to buy the
defendants’ Shares. It is for that reason that they reached the Agreement with
the defendants at the end of the Mediation on 12 April 2001 that they would
sell their interests and shares to the defendants for S$36m on the condition
that the defendants obtained financing.

138 It is fortuitous that the defendants managed to raise financing from the
TYL Consortium to purchase PL and DF’s Interests and Shares. The defendants
agreed to then transfer those shares and interests to the TYL Consortium. As
the defendants never sold the defendants’ Shares to the TYL Consortium, the
pre-emption rights in the Relevant Articles were not triggered.

139 Even in the hypothetical scenario where the defendants entered into an
agreement to sell the defendants’ Shares to the TYL Consortium on 14 April
2001, the pre-emption rights were not activated as the defendants structured
the Other Agreements that implemented the 14 April Agreement to ensure that
any option granted to the TYL Consortium would only crystallise when LA had
received all of PL and DF’s Interests and Shares. The 14 April Agreement would
have been unenforceable if it purported to sell the defendants’ Shares to the
TYL Consortium as the defendants would have received no consideration from the
TYL Consortium for the purported sale; an unenforceable agreement cannot give
rise to pre-emption rights. The plaintiff would have been estopped from
enforcing his pre-emption rights under the Relevant Articles after the
Agreement was reached on 12 April 2001 and, in any case, the plaintiff also
waived his pre-emption rights in cl 2.3 of the Deed on 19 April 2001.

140 The Representation by the defendants’ that PL’s Proposal was unacceptable
is not false as factually, the TYL Consortium Deal to purchase PL and DF’s
Interests and Shares is radically different from PL’s Proposal.

141 For the reasons mentioned above, I find that all the plaintiff’s claims
fail in toto and dismiss the present action.

142 I will hear the parties on costs if there is no agreement.

Grounds of decision in relation to Sum 4391

143 I now turn to a separate issue that emerged in the course of the last
tranche of the trial. On 7 September 2015, the plaintiff filed Summons No 4391
of 2015 (“Sum 4391”). In Sum 4391, the plaintiff sought, inter alia, the
following relief:

That the firm of Harry Elias Partnership LLP including, in particular, Mr
Harry Elias S.C. and Mr Andy Lem, shall not act as counsel / solicitors for
the 1st and/or 2nd Defendants in Suit No. 72 of 2013 and/or in any
applications and/or appeals arising out of or made in connection with Suit No.
72 of 2013 and/or give legal advice to and/or legally represent in any other
way the 1st and/or 2nd Defendant in connection with Suit No. 72 of 2013.

144 The plaintiff urged the court to exercise its inherent jurisdiction under
O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap, 322, R5, Rev Ed 2014) (“ROC”) to injunct
HEP from acting as solicitors for the defendants in these proceedings ie, Suit
72 of 2013 (“Suit 72”) because Mr Elias and Mr Andy Lem (“Mr Lem”) had
breached r 64(2) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap
161, R1, Rev Ed 2010) (“the PCR”) that provides as follows:

Solicitor not to act if he is a witness

64\. …

(2) An advocate and solicitor shall discharge himself from representing a
client if it becomes apparent to the advocate and solicitor that he is likely
to be a witness on a material question of fact.

…

145 I heard submissions from counsel for the parties on 6 and 8 October 2015
and dismissed Sum 4391 and the plaintiff’s oral application for leave to
appeal on 8 October 2015.

146 The plaintiff applied to the Court of Appeal for leave to appeal against
my decision in Sum 4391 vide CA Originating Summons No 23 of 2015 (CA/OS
23/2015) on 8 October 2015. The plaintiff then applied to adjourn the last
tranche of the trial of Suit 72 pending the outcome of CA/OS 23/2015. I
refused the plaintiff’s application for an adjournment on 9 October 2015. The
last tranche of the trial of Suit 72 was therefore completed on 15 October
2015.

147 The Court of Appeal dismissed the plaintiff’s application for leave to
appeal in CA/OS 23/2015 on 21 October 2015. I now set out the reasons for my
decision.

Salient facts

148 The factual background to Suit 72 has already been set out in my decision
on the substantive merits. I highlight only the salient facts relating to Sum
4391.

149 I highlight that the defined terms used in my grounds of decision in
relation to Sum 4391 shall unless otherwise mentioned bear the same meaning as
that used in my above judgment in relation to Suit 72.

150 On 4 March 2013, the plaintiff’s then solicitors, Bernard & Rada Law
Corporation (“BRC”) wrote to HEP. BRC highlighted as follows:

…

4\. At the hearing of the present suit, evidence has to be given as to, inter
alia, what had transpired during the settlement negotiations leading to the
execution of the said Deed of Settlement, including but not limited to whether
there had been disclosure made to our client on issues relating to the said
Chinese agreement. As the solicitors of [HEP] had been involved in the Year
2000 Suits as well as Suit No. 46 of 2006/J, they will have information and
knowledge on such issues, and will be called as witnesses for this suit.

5\. In this regard, we trust that you are well aware of [r 64 of the PCR] …

[emphasis added].

151 HEP responded on 10 April 2013 as follows:

6\. We are fully aware of [r 64 of the PCR]. Should the situation arise where
we find that our continued representation of [LA] and [WT] will be in breach
of [r 64 of the PCR], we will take the necessary steps to discharge ourselves
immediately.

152 No application was taken out by BRC under the PCR. The plaintiff’s present
solicitors Stamford Law Corporation (“SLC”) (as it was then known) then took
over conduct of Suit 72 on 18 April 2013.

153 On 10 June 2013, SLC wrote to HEP and stated that “the impact of what
transpired at the mediation and discussions leading to [the Deed] remain very
much in issue” and “welcome[d] a joint application for guidance to the Law
Society” as suggested by HEP previously to BRC.

154 HEP replied to SLC on 26 June 2013. In relation to the Mediation and
negotiations leading to the execution of the Deed, it stated that the facts
pleaded in the defendants’ defence were similar to that set out in the
plaintiff’s affidavit dated 12 June 2013. Therefore, it took the following
view:

8\. … There were no material questions of fact whether in relation to the
[Mediation] or negotiations leading to [the Deed] or otherwise in [Suit 72] to
which any of our solicitors would have reason to believe that they are likely
to be witnesses.

9\. We are therefore of the view that Section 71 [sic] of [the PCR] has no
application in the present case. Please let us know your position in this
regard.

[emphasis added.]

155 There was no response from SLC, and neither was there an application by
SLC for an injunction. 16 months passed. There was still no response from SLC.

156 On 11 November 2014, the defendants filed their opening statement as the
trial was approaching. It stated clearly that following the Mediation between
the parties in the Year 2000 Suits, an agreement was reached on or about 12
April 2001 between, inter alia, the plaintiff and the defendants for the
plaintiff to sell his shares in RTC, EH and ABR to the defendants, and as
such, the plaintiff was no longer entitled to his pre-emption rights. The
trial commenced seven days later on 18 November 2014. Despite knowing full
well that Mr Elias was in fact present at the last day of the Mediation on 12
April 2001 when the Alleged Mediation Agreement was reached, and having been
re-appraised of the fact well before the trial vide the defendants’ opening
statement that the defendants would definitely be running their defence of an
Alleged Mediation Agreement concluded on 12 April 2001, the plaintiff still
did not instruct his then counsel, Mr Tan Chuan Thye SC (“Mr Tan”), to apply
to injunct Mr Elias, or Mr Lem or HEP from acting for the defendants at the
trial. In fact, Mr Tan specifically informed the court that the plaintiff had
only one witness ie, the plaintiff himself. Evidently, the plaintiff had made
up his mind not to call Mr Elias and Mr Lem or anyone else for that matter as
his witnesses of fact.

157 Accordingly, by the time the trial commenced, there was no longer any
reason for Mr Elias and Mr Lem to believe that they would likely be or would
in fact be involved as witnesses of any fact (material or otherwise) for this
trial. They were simply not going to be witnesses for this trial.

158 The trial then continued for eight days spread over two tranches in
November 2014 and April 2015. The plaintiff concluded his testimony on 24
April 2015 and his counsel Mr Daniel Chia (“Mr Chia”), who had since taken
over from Mr Tan, then formally closed the plaintiff’s case, thus confirming
once again to the court that no other witnesses would be called by the
plaintiff. The court was informed that a third tranche of eight hearing days
commencing on 6 October 2015 had been fixed, whereupon the defendants’ case
would begin and the only witnesses were the two defendants. It was only
several months later on 4 August 2015 that SLC (by then known as Morgan Lewis
Stamford LLC (“MLS”)) wrote to HEP apparently in response to HEP’s letter
dated 12 June 2013 (see [154] above) sent some two years ago when HEP asked to
be apprised of the plaintiff’s position on the matter in relation to the PCR.
The letter from MLS referred to the defendants’ opening statement filed on 11
November 2014. It noted that the plaintiff had been cross-examined on the
Alleged Mediation Agreement and the Mediation. Despite the fact that the
plaintiff had known all along that Mr Elias was present throughout the
Mediation, MLS nevertheless asked HEP to confirm whether “[Mr Elias] or any
lawyer from [HEP] was present at the conclusion of the [Alleged Mediation
Agreement]”.

159 HEP replied on 14 August 2015 highlighting that the plaintiff’s
concessions noted, inter alia, at [42] – [44] above made the existence of the
Alleged Mediation Agreement not a material question of fact. HEP also stated
in a letter dated 3 September 2015 that Mr Elias was present at the Mediation.
The plaintiff thereafter filed Sum 4391 on 7 September 2015. I heard this
application on 6 October 2015, the first day of the third tranche of the
trial.

The law on invoking the inherent jurisdiction of the court to discharge a
solicitor pursuant to r 64(2) of the PCR

160 The law on invoking the inherent jurisdiction of the court to discharge a
solicitor pursuant to r 64(2) of the PCR is set out in the decision of the
High Court in Then Khek Khoon and another v Arjun Permanand Samtani and
another [2012] 2 SLR 451(“Then Khek Khoon”). In that case, an application was
made to discharge the whole of a law firm on the basis that they had breached
rr 25 and 64 of the PCR. The court ultimately dismissed the application.

161 In reaching his decision, Quentin Loh J. in Then Khek Khoon set out the
following propositions of law in relation to an application made to the court
on the back of r 64(2) of the PCR:

(a) The court’s inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 of ROC should only be
exercised where there is a clear need and where the justice of the case so
demands. Strong or compelling reasons have to be identified by the party in
support of such an application: at [14] – [15].

(b) The Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) is the proper forum for
the determination of breaches of the PCR but where matters impinge on the
proper administration of justice, due process and wider public interest
issues, the court should intervene: at [22].

(c) In assessing whether there is a breach of r 64(2), the court will have to
consider whether there is a material fact in issue and whether there is “the
danger of the subconscious shaping of the evidence to suit the solicitor’s
interest as against that of his client and the duty to the court”: at [47].

(d) While the wording of r 64(2) of the PCR is expressly limited to the
advocate and solicitor, the question of whether it will extend to all other
solicitors in the firm depends on the facts and circumstances of each case: at
[48].

(e) A court will have to balance the mischief that is to be prevented against
the right of a party to be represented by a lawyer of his choice. This
involves a balancing of all the facts and circumstances including the alleged
breach, the bona fides of the opposing-party-applicant, the time at and
circumstances under which the application is made and the mischief the rule is
intended to prevent: at [28].

162 In applying the propositions noted above, it must be borne in mind that
even if the court finds a breach of r 64(2) of the PCR, the court should only
exercise its inherent jurisdiction and discharge the solicitor from acting for
his client only when it is of the view that such an order would prevent
injustice or an abuse of process of the court. In addition to the question of
prejudice to either party, there must be “reasonably strong or compelling
reasons” showing why the court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction: Wee
Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 at [30].

163 If the court takes the view that the application to discharge a solicitor
was brought in bad faith, it should not grant the plaintiff any relief, as the
plaintiff who comes with unclean hands should not ask the court to grant it a
relief in the exercise of its inherent jurisdiction.

The plaintiff’s application was not granted

164 The question of whether a solicitor is likely to be a witness to a
material question of fact is not analysed historically but at the time the
application is heard by the court. In this regard, it must be borne in mind
that the court’s role is not to declare if each and every act of a solicitor
in the course of his conduct of a matter is in breach of the PCR. The proper
forum for that would be the Law Society. The role of the court would be to
analyse if it should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to discharge a
solicitor on account of a breach of the PCR that is subsisting at the time of
the hearing of the plaintiff’s application because it prejudices the plaintiff
and would cause injustice or lead to an abuse of process.

165 I asked the plaintiff the basis for his application which was made well
after he had closed his case, by which time it was clear to me that Mr Elias
was not going to be called as a witness to testify to any factual matter at
the trial by either the plaintiff or the defendants. What then was the point
of applying for Mr Elias to be discharged from representing the defendants on
the basis that “he [was] likely to be a witness on a material question of
fact” when it was already a fact that he would not be a witness at the trial?
To be sure, I asked counsel if Mr Elias would be called as a witness.

166 Mr Chia then surprised me by stating that the plaintiff wanted to call Mr
Elias and Mr Lem from HEP to be the plaintiff’s witnesses. As such, HEP should
be discharged from acting for the defendants. With this “strategic move”, it
was no longer a mere “likelihood” that both leading counsel from HEP would be
witnesses. The plaintiff had made it a reality.

167 I believed that the plaintiff decided to call Mr Elias and Mr Lem as his
witnesses predominantly to buttress his application to discharge them and the
whole firm of HEP from further acting for the defendants in this suit. I was
inclined to think that it had less to do with any useful evidence that Mr
Elias or Mr Lem could give to support the plaintiff’s case and more to do with
deliberately causing disruption to the defendants’ conduct of their defence at
the trial with the assistance of counsel from HEP, who were thoroughly
familiar with the defendants’ case. The plaintiff’s application at this late
stage of the trial, if allowed, would not only prevent the defendants from
having a counsel of their choice but would also force them to change to a
fresh set of counsel from another law firm, who would be unfamiliar with the
case, to act for them at additional expense and on very short notice. This
would likely compromise the effectiveness of their defence. Therefore, I found
that the defendants would clearly be prejudiced. Essentially, the plaintiff
was trying to interfere with the defendants’ right to counsel of their choice
to defend themselves against the plaintiff’s claim. It must be remembered that
the court has to balance the policy undergirding r 64 of the PCR against the
right of a litigant to be defended by counsel of his choice.

168 I also had to consider the consequential disruption caused to the court’s
calendaring and the wastage of an allocated eight hearing days in this third
and final tranche to complete the trial, which had been much delayed already
because of the difficulties of fixing hearing dates to suit the diaries of the
court and that of counsel. Wastage of the court’s precious resources,
particularly of allocated hearing dates, would not be looked upon favourably
by the court. An adjournment of the whole of the third tranche of the trial to
enable the defendants to engage new counsel and for the new counsel to
familiarise themselves with the case would necessarily mean a further delay of
completion of the trial by several more months. This would in turn adversely
affect the court’s management of cases and the efficient disposal of cases
that would allow parties to move on with their affairs knowing where they
stand.

169 I further considered if the application was brought in bad faith, and I
took the following matters into account.

170 Notwithstanding the fact that HEP had asked for the plaintiff’s view on
its position that its solicitors were unlikely to be witnesses to a material
question of fact, the plaintiff took two years to communicate its view to HEP.
There was no good reason for the long delay in the plaintiff’s response.

171 Even after having been re-apprised of the defendants’ defence in the
defendants’ opening statement filed seven days before the trial commenced, the
plaintiff did not make his application when the trial commenced on 18 November
2014, despite having known all along that Mr Elias was present throughout the
Mediation. I found that the plaintiff had ample opportunity well before the
trial began to consult and give instructions to his counsel to injunct Mr
Elias, Mr Lem and HEP from representing the defendants in this suit. He chose
to wait for some ten months till the last tranche of the trial was almost
about to begin to make his application to invoke the inherent jurisdiction of
the court. Apart from the fact that the court would be very slow to entertain
an application to exercise its inherent jurisdiction if such an application
was not brought timeously, it was apparent to me that this was more a tactical
move made in bad faith on the part of the plaintiff, probably after realising
that his concessions made at the first tranche of the trial during his
rigorous cross-examination by Mr Elias had been detrimental to his case. He
then felt he had to prejudice the defendants by forcing them to change their
counsel mid-way through the trial. I believed that the plaintiff was also
unhappy with the way he was treated during his cross-examination, as he felt
very exasperated when Mr Elias kept asking him to answer the same question
repeatedly whenever he failed to give a direct answer on numerous occasions
during his long cross-examination. Discharging Mr Elias and his firm HEP was
an opportunity to get back at him.

172 Additionally, I highlighted to Mr Chia that there were many other better
alternatives which would achieve the principal evidential objectives of the
plaintiff and yet minimise the prejudice to the defendants and the disruption
to the court’s administration of this suit.

173 For a start, if the evidence sought by the plaintiff from Mr Elias and Mr
Lem was not going to be disputed and could be agreed, eg that no internal
records or internal memo existed within HEP noting any such alleged Agreement
reached on 12 April 2001, or that the plaintiff had said nothing throughout
the Mediation (both of which I understood from counsel for the defendants to
be the case), then one practical approach could be to prepare a statement of
agreed facts between the parties. There would then be no necessity to call Mr
Elias and Mr Lem as witnesses simply to testify to facts not in dispute. This
suggested approach was however not taken up although it appeared to me after
hearing Mr Chia’s submissions that such was the thrust of the evidence that
the plaintiff wanted from Mr Elias and Mr Lem.

174 The plaintiff was also made aware at the hearing that there were many
other persons present at the Mediation who could be more advantageously called
by the plaintiff to give evidence on his behalf if he wanted to prove that no
Agreement was reached at the end of the Mediation on the 12 April 2001,
contrary to the defendants’ version of the facts. If the plaintiff was indeed
seeking to establish the truth of what happened at the Mediation, the
following were some of the potential witnesses entirely unconnected with this
suit and hence wholly independent witnesses that the plaintiff could easily
have called:

(a) Mr Davinder Singh SC;

(b) Mr Michael Khoo SC;

(c) Mr Michael Palmer; and

(d) The other lawyers who were part of the D&N Team.

There would then be no real need to compel Mr Elias, Mr Lem and HEP to be
discharged mid-way during the trial and the last tranche of the trial would
still be able to proceed expeditiously.

175 Why did the plaintiff not do so? Why must he target the solicitors from
HEP, and in particular Mr Elias (especially when he knew that his evidence, if
asked, on whether there was an Agreement reached would not likely be
beneficial to the plaintiff), when there were so many others present at the
Mediation, not involved in any aspect of this suit, who could be relied upon
as totally independent witnesses to testify truthfully that no Agreement was
in fact reached on 12 April 2001, which in essence was the evidence desired by
the plaintiff? I therefore inferred that there was a lack of good faith on the
part of the plaintiff by insisting on calling Mr Elias and Mr Lem when there
were so many other better choices of witnesses open to the plaintiff to call
to prove the same fact.

176 Without having a prior signed statement (“prior statement”) either from Mr
Elias or Mr Lem indicating a position consistent with and in support of the
plaintiff’s own factual position, the plaintiff could not reasonably be
harbouring a view that either Mr Elias or Mr Lem would likely testify that
there was no Agreement reached at the end of the Mediation on the 12 April
2001 for PL and DF’s Interests and Shares to be sold to the defendants at
S$36m provided the defendants obtained financing. The plaintiff obviously knew
that it would be difficult to extract any testimony from them that would be in
his favour on the issue of the non-existence of the Alleged Mediation
Agreement. Without such a prior statement from Mr Elias and Mr Lem, the
plaintiff would not be in a position to impeach either Mr Elias or Mr Lem, or
substitute their evidence with their prior statement. Yet the plaintiff
insisted on calling them as his witnesses knowing that their evidence would
likely be more damaging than helpful to his own case on this issue. If it was
not bad faith or for other ulterior purposes, what then was the plaintiff’s
real purpose in calling them?

177 I also had regard to the degree of risk of there being any subconscious
shaping of the evidence of the defendants’ case to suit the solicitor’s
interest as against that of his client and the duty to the court or to negate
a potential professional negligence claim if Mr Elias, Mr Lem and HEP were not
ordered be discharged from further acting for the defendants prior to them
testifying in court. The premise here was that only after their discharge
would they have less incentive to shape their evidence.

178 I could not see any real risk of that happening in this case as it was
quite clear to me that Mr Elias’ personal position on what took place on 12
April 2001was all along similar to his clients. It did not appear to me that
Mr Elias needed to shape his evidence to be aligned with his client or vice
versa as there was already alignment in the first place. There was no
indication anywhere that Mr Elias’ knowledge of what happened at the
conclusion of the Mediation on the 12 April 2001 was going to be contrary to
what the defendants were saying had happened.

179 I also queried Mr Chia on how Mr Elias’ evidence as part of the
plaintiff’s case should be dealt with if it contradicted the plaintiff’s
evidence or the plaintiff’s case. The two ways suggested by Mr Chia was either
to expunge Mr Elias’ evidence or give little weight to it, presumably on the
basis that his evidence should still be considered as “tainted” because he had
acted previously for the defendants in this suit or he would still have
subconsciously shaped his evidence to align it with his previous clients even
though Mr Elias and his firm HEP might have been discharged from further
acting in Suit 72. However, it made no sense to me to call a witness just to
expunge his evidence or to give little or no weight to it, unless there was
some other ulterior motive in calling Mr Elias as the plaintiff’s witness. The
inexorable conclusion was that Mr Elias was called as a witness so that the
plaintiff could better justify his application to prevent Mr Elias and his
firm from further acting in Suit 72. The plaintiff wanted to inconvenience and
prejudice the defendants in the conduct of their defence and at the same time,
to get back at Mr Elias for cross-examining him in a way that had exasperated
him. In short, I found that there was a lack of bona fides in the plaintiff’s
application, which was made also without any due regard to the adverse
consequences it might have on the smooth administration of trial cases in the
court.

180 In my view, the plaintiff was plainly abusing the process of the court by
invoking its inherent jurisdiction when his injunction application was not
made in good faith.

181 After taking into consideration all the matters mentioned above, I decided
not to grant the plaintiff’s injunction application in the interim and I
reserved to myself a second consideration of his injunction application at a
later stage of the trial when I would have a better grasp of the actual
materiality of the evidence of Mr Elias and Mr Lem, should they be called
subsequently by the plaintiff to testify on his behalf. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript dated 8 October 2015, pp 19 and 20.

182 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with my decision not to grant his
injunction application in the interim and sought leave from me to appeal to
the Court of Appeal. I refused to grant him leave to appeal on my interim
decision and further refused the plaintiff’s application to adjourn the whole
of the third tranche of the trial pending disposal of his application to the
Court of Appeal for leave to appeal. I ordered the trial to proceed forthwith.

183 Since the plaintiff had closed his case, Mr Chia then sought leave to call
Mr Elias and Mr Lem and he included one further witness, Mr Cheo, who had
represented the plaintiff in the Year 2000 Suits previously. I granted the
plaintiff permission to do so as the defendants had not yet opened their case.

184 As expected, Mr Elias’ evidence was in the main unhelpful, if not
detrimental to the plaintiff, in particular in relation to the existence of
the Alleged Mediation Agreement reached at the end of the Mediation on 12
April 2001. Mr Lem maintained in his evidence that he was not present at the
Mediation and accordingly, he could not really provide any material evidence
on what happened at the Mediation on 12 April 2001.

185 After completion of their testimony, Mr Lem informed me that he would take
over conduct of Suit 72 from Mr Elias. Mr Elias took it upon himself to take
no further part in the proceedings after the completion of his testimony. As
such, there was no need for me to reconsider my interim decision not to grant
the plaintiff’s application to injunct Mr Elias from further acting for the
defendants. As Mr Lem was unable to provide any material evidence because he
was not present at the Mediation, my interim decision not to injunct Mr Lem
from further acting for the defendants remained. Weighing all the matters once
again, I decided that there was no good reason to injunct HEP as a firm from
further acting for the defendants. Accordingly, my original interim decision
refusing the plaintiff’s injunction application in Sum 4391 was not changed
after I heard the testimonies of Mr Elias and Mr Lem.

186 The trial thus proceeded to its conclusion within the hearing dates

allocated for the third tranche.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Daniel Chia, Kenneth Chua and Stephany Aw (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Andy Lem, Toh Wei Yi and Farrah Isaac (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

