Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 281

Suit No 957 of 2014

Between

(1)| Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Supercars Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Benzline Auto Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

Contract – formation

Restitution – change of position

Restitution – failure of consideration – total failure of consideration

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Benzline Auto Pte Ltd

  

[2016] SGHC 281

High Court — Suit No 957 of 2014  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
10, 11, 17–19 May 2016; 22 June 2016

23 December 2016

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerned the claim for repayment of a sum of money paid ahead of
the entry by the parties into an exclusive dealership agreement concerning
modified cars. The Plaintiffs claimed back the money for failure of basis as
the agreement was not in fact entered into. The Defendant claimed that the
money was paid for a specific order of cars separately from the exclusive
dealership agreement. It also brought a counterclaim for amounts payable to
them under the contract, which I set out at [9] below. On the evidence before
me, I found for the Plaintiffs for failure of basis. I also dismissed the
Defendant’s counterclaim. The Defendant has now appealed.

Background

2 The 1st Plaintiff was incorporated by the 2nd Plaintiff, a company in the
business of selling cars, with a view to conducting the sub-distribution of
Mercedes Benz vehicles modified by Sportservice Lorinser Sportliche
Autoausrustung GmbH (“Lorinser”). The Defendant, Benzline Auto Pte Limited,
held the master dealer rights in Singapore for the cars modified by Lorinser.
Before 2013, such cars brought into Singapore were regarded as parallel
imports, which meant they did not come with service warranties from the
authorised dealer for Mercedes Benz, and thus the Defendant had to provide
warranty services itself. The Defendant did not actively pursue sales.

3 However in 2013, Lorinser was in discussions with the manufacturer of
Mercedes Benz to extend the warranties in Singapore to Lorinser modified
Mercedes Benz cars. This made the Lorinser cars more attractive, and made its
sales attractive as well.

4 The Plaintiffs’ director, Mr Chua Yeow Kang (“Marcus Chua”), came to know of
the opportunity this presented through the Defendant’s then sales manager, Mr
Chong Ban Cheong (“George Chong”). Discussions ensued primarily between Marcus
Chua on the one hand, and the Defendant’s director, Mr Ng Seng Keong (“Kevin
Ng”). At times, the principal of Lorinser, Mr Marcus Lorinser, and Lorinser’s
sales manager, Mr Evangelos Hatzikoitsis (“Evan”), were also involved either
in face to face or email discussions with the Defendant and Plaintiffs.
However, neither person from Lorinser were called as witnesses.

5 The parties discussed entering an agreement for the exclusive distribution
of the Lorinser cars. There was however at trial, controversy as to which of
the Plaintiffs was to be party to the agreement, with the Defendant denying
knowledge of the existence of the 1st Plaintiff. There was also some
discussion about the distribution of cars in the region, particularly in
Thailand. The Plaintiffs deny anything was agreed involving them in respect of
Thailand; the Defendant included losses from Thailand as part of their
counterclaim.

6 While the discussions and negotiations as to the exclusive distribution
agreement were going on, Lorinser sought through the Defendant, and on
occasion in direct communications with Marcus Chua orders for Lorinser cars.
There was some evidence that the target or the allocation for Singapore was
about 100 cars. The purpose of the orders was in dispute: the Plaintiffs
argued that this was only for planning, and was linked to the agreement being
completed; the Defendant on the other hand argued that that these were firm
orders.

7 On 22 January 2014, a payment of $300,000 was made by Mr Yu Ming Yong
(“Yu”), a shareholder and adviser to the Plaintiffs, to the Defendant. The
circumstances under which this payment was made was disputed. The Plaintiffs
said that this payment was dependent on the exclusive dealership being entered
into; the Defendant contended that this was payment for an order of 30 cars
made separately from the distributorship agreement.

8 Thereafter, discussions about the exclusive dealership agreement continued.
While a draft was sent as early as 24 January 2014, there was no agreement
reached. Eventually, by May 2014, the relationship between the parties had
deteriorated: the Plaintiffs said that the Defendant had approached Regal
Motors Pte Ltd (“Regal”) or an associated entity be appointed the exclusive
dealer. The Plaintiffs thus sought the repayment of the $300,000.

9 The Defendant counterclaimed for the costs of the 30 cars it said were
ordered, the loss of commission on cars that were to be sold in Singapore as
well as Thailand, the cost of a sales order for Lorinser parts made by the
Plaintiffs, and specific performance of the 30 cars ordered (with allowance
for cars already sold).

Plaintiffs’ Cases

10 According to the Plaintiffs, the $300,000 was paid on the basis that the
Defendant would appoint the Plaintiffs as the exclusive authorised sub-dealer
of Lorinser cars. Similarly, the planning orders and the orders that were made
for the 30 cars in total were also made on that basis. As it was the contract
was not concluded. Thus the $300,000 should be returned.

11 The Defendants were aware that the 2nd Plaintiffs would set up a new
company to handle the Lorinser sub-dealership: ie, the 1st Plaintiff. The
Defendant’s director and sole witness had actually agreed, that the $300,000
was a pre-contractual deposit on the basis that Supercars would be appointed
exclusive sub-dealers. There was total failure of consideration as no contract
was in fact entered into. Here, there was no contract concluded as the
Plaintiffs were not appointed exclusive sub-dealers, and in fact Regal was
instead so appointed. The Defendant failed to appoint the Plaintiffs as the
exclusive sub dealer and had in fact decided not to appoint the Plaintiff by
May 2014. There was only a sample contract exchanged in January 2014.
Negotiations continued into April and May that year. But by that month, the
Defendant had chosen not to deal with the Plaintiffs, and decided not to
appoint the Plaintiffs as the sub-dealer. Terms were still being negotiated.
While the Defendant argued that the $300,000 was non-refundable, this was on
the basis of a term in the sales order that was not accepted nor agreed to by
the Plaintiffs.

12 The Defendant’s counterclaim should be dismissed as no loss or damage was
actually suffered. The 30 cars were in fact sold on to Regal. In addition, the
claim on a sales order dated 2 April 2014 was a claim that overlapped with the
claim in respect of the 30 cars. That sales order was not in any event
accepted by the Plaintiffs, and contained various errors. The evidence from
Kevin Ng was also that the Defendant had confirmed the second and third orders
on their own. In any event, the orders made by Supercars were on the basis of
their appointment as exclusive sub-dealers.

13 As for the counterclaim for the balance purchase price, this was not
supported by the evidence at all. The orders were conditional on the
appointment of the Plaintiff as the exclusive sub-dealer; this did not come to
pass, so the orders were not binding on the Plaintiffs. Regal had also taken
the 30 car orders over, so the Defendants avoided loss. In cross-examination,
Kevin Ng accepted that he had sold the 30 cars and thus did not have a claim
against the Plaintiffs. No evidence was in any event adduced to show its loss.
Only one of the various invoices was addressed to the Plaintiffs; the rest
were addressed to Regal. No proper documents were adduced that would show any
liability by the Plaintiffs. No evidence was shown either that the Defendants
had paid on the invoices sent to them. What was more, the counterclaim was
only made one year after the Plaintiffs sought the return of their $300,000.

14 The Defendants had also erred in claiming both expectation and reliance
loss: they had to choose one or the other: either the loss of commission or
the costs incurred because of the breach.

15 There was also no evidence that there was a binding agreement under which
the Plaintiffs had agreed to sell cars in Thailand. There was no such
agreement. The documentary evidence showed that there was none: Lorinser told
the 1st Plaintiff that the planning orders given were only for the Singapore
market, and that the 1st Plaintiff should focus on that market only.

16 In any event, the planning order was not binding; it was subject to the
sub-dealership contract would be entered. It was a term of the sub-dealership.
The evidence was also that the planning order was merely a guideline.

17 Nothing was agreed in respect of the Thai market. Neither should specific
performance be ordered. The Defendant had entered into an exclusive sub-
dealership agreement with Regal. Cars could not then be ordered by and
delivered to the Plaintiffs. It was also argued that Kevin Ng had not given
credible testimony. He was not a disinterested witness. His testimony suffered
from various inconsistencies and evasiveness. He had also changed his
testimony from what was in his affidavit.

18 The various arguments put forward by the Defendant portrayed the evidence
wrongly and gave a misleading impression.

Defendant’s Case

19 The Defendants submissions primarily recounted the evidence given.

20 The Defendant argued that the sub-dealership and the purchase of the cars
were separate. The number of cars that the Plaintiffs could commit to was a
pre-requisite to the appointment as a sub-dealer. This was Yu’s understanding
as shown in his evidence. Marcus Chua had actually discussed the matter with
Yu and accepted that an order for 100 cars was acceptable for the year. The
Plaintiff’s position that there was an oral agreement to appoint was not
supported by the evidence. The reliance on an oral agreement was at odds with
the Plaintiff’s case that a written agreement was being pursued. The payment
of the $300,000 was made as a calculated risk by Yu, who chose to pay because
of the urgency of the situation. Marcus Chua also chose to proceed without a
signed agreement. Additionally, the existence of the 1st plaintiff was never
raised to the Defendant. The evidence of George Chong should be disregarded as
he had own agenda. As they had paid the $300,000 on to Lorinser, restitution
could not succeed.

21 As regards the counterclaim, this was for damages in respect of the failure
of the Plaintiffs to take delivery of the 30 cars ordered, cars which they
were obliged to order and the commitment to purchase cars for the Thai Market.
In respect of the 30 cars, the Defendant paid €1,091,757.78, with Regal paying
the rest. 11 cars were still left unsold. The Defendant’s counterclaim should
succeed as the 30 cars were delivered to Singapore, and the Plaintiffs failed
to take delivery. The Defendant merely tried to mitigate. In that context, the
appointment of Regal as exclusive sub-dealers was necessary.

22 The chronology of events showed that the Plaintiffs’ version should not be
accepted. Of these, the following events raised by the Defendant would seem
the most pertinent:

(a) At the Frankfurt motor show in September 2013, Marcus Chua had indicated
that he could sell the cars: he assured that expected to order more than 100
cars each year. The appointment of the Plaintiffs as a sub-dealer was not
discussed. The decision to appoint lay with Lorinser. There was some
disagreement about the commission rate.

(b) At the Essen Motor Show in November 2013, the parties agreed to the
purchase of 2014 cars for Singapore and 1347 for Thailand. But there was no
agreement on the appointment of the Plaintiff as a dealer. In an email on 12
December 2013 from Lorinser, this recorded the discussion reached at Essen,
and this did not support the Plaintiffs’ contentions.

(c) There was also discussion about the Thai contract.

23 Eventually, when a draft agreement was sent by Lorinser, in January 2014,
Marcus Chua was evasive on the contract to be signed being basically the same
as that between Lorinser and the Defendant. As it was a back to back contract,
the Defendant had little say on what was in the contract, and it was not for
the Defendant to determine the appointment of the Plaintiffs.

24 The January draft agreement set the stage for the financing, which was the
backdrop for the payment of the $300,000. Yu gave evidence that he was making
the payment as deposit for the cars. Marcus Chua’s and Yu’s evidence on the
$300,000 was also contradictory. Orders were made by George Chong after
receiving them from the Plaintiffs. Evan emphasised in February that firm
commitments were needed leading to a final planning order. The Plaintiffs’
position that the final planning order was not firm was contradictory and went
against the evidence of George Chong that what was needed was a firm order.
The first order of 7 cars was made in February 2014, 11 cars in March, and the
third in April for 12 cars: they were following the planning order.

25 By April, the Defendant had paid some €352,169.60 to Lorinser. However
funds were not received from the Plaintiffs. This was supposedly on the basis
that the agreement was not signed, but it was the Plaintiffs who refused to
sign. Even when a final version was forwarded on 30 April 2014 by Evan from
Lorinser no steps were taken by the Plaintiffs.

26 Thereafter, Marcus Chua tried to sign with Lorinser directly. He was
willing to sign the contract if he were able to enter into a direct
relationship with Lorinser. This did not come to pass. Yu tried to revive the
arrangements thereafter on 19th May and confirmed that the 100 cars was not a
problem. Eventually the Plaintiffs sought the return of the $300,000
previously paid and refused to take delivery of the ordered cars. The
cancellation had to be borne by the Plaintiffs. This was admitted by Yu. 11
cars remained unsold. A claim for commission was also made.

27 There were a number of significant problems with the evidence relied upon
by the Plaintiffs. The witnesses were not consistent on whether the 30%
downpayment was needed before the cars would be manufactured. None of the
Plaintiffs’ witnesses were able to explain why the signing of the agreement
was not more actively pursued.

28 It was further argued that the Plaintiffs abandoned the pleading and
argument that there was an oral agreement to appoint the 1st Plaintiff the
exclusive sub-distributor, and the argument that there was an agreement to
refund $300,000 if the formal binding agreement was not signed.

29 The Defendant accepted that the $72,000 claim on the order was double
counting and did not pursue the matter further.

The Decision

30 The Plaintiffs’ claim for the repayment was dependent on whether there was
any contract between the Plaintiffs and Defendant for the supply of the
vehicles without an exclusive distributorship agreement, as the Defendant
alleged. I found that no contract for the ad hoc supply of vehicles was in
fact formed. The basis for the payment of the $300,000 to the Defendant
failed, and the Plaintiffs were entitled to repayment.

31 While there was objective evidence in this case, mainly in the form of
emails and attachments, as well as invoices, this case turned really on the
oral evidence of the various witnesses as to how the documents should be
interpreted.

32 It should be noted that it ultimately made little difference in the present
case which of the two Plaintiffs was to be the party to the sub-dealership
arrangement, as it was not material to my ultimate conclusion whether the
contract was to be with the 1st or 2nd Plaintiffs. What mattered was that
there was no contract at all between either of these Plaintiffs and the
Defendant. I do not generally distinguish between them in these grounds unless
necessary in a specific context.

The Plaintiffs’ claim

33 The payment of the $300,000 made to the Defendant was on the basis of a
contract being concluded by the 1st Plaintiffs with the Defendant for the
exclusive distribution of the Lorinser cars in Singapore. This payment was not
made as part-payment for a specific order of cars.

34 A number of reasons went against any finding that there was an agreement to
purchase cars separate from a sub-dealership: this was not likely on the
balance of probabilities given the concerns which I accept the Plaintiffs
genuinely had about the viability of ordering cars without an exclusive sub-
dealership. The tenor of the communications between the parties and with
Lorinser, its objective interpretation was that of determining the overall
supply of cars over the course of the year. While the Plaintiffs may have
conveyed planning orders to Lorinser through the Defendant, these orders were
not made under any ad hoc agreement for a specific number of cars. What the
orders were were really an indication to allow an overall position to be
planned for the year. However the incidence of offer and acceptance may be
analysed between the parties, there was objectively no intention to be bound
until the sub-dealership was agreed. And this was never actually agreed
between the parties at all.

35 While the payment voucher that accompanied the cheque seemed to indicate
that the amount was payment for cars, as it referred to “30% deposit for new
Mercedes as per attached” given that it was also stated to be a deposit, the
better interpretation was that it was a pre-contractual payment only, to show
the seriousness of the Plaintiffs. There were parts of Yu’s evidence about the
payment that seemed to regard the payment as a part-payment of an order, but
looking at his evidence as a whole, it is clear that it was a pre-contractual
payment, on the basis of a sub-dealership agreement being entered into.

The Defendant’s Counterclaim

36 As for the Defendant’s claims for the amounts payable to them under the
contract as they alleged, as well as losses relating to the supply of vehicles
to Thailand, I found that these losses were not made out on the evidence, even
if the Plaintiffs were bound by a contract to the Defendant.

Analysis

The Plaintiffs’ claim for the $300,000

37 The Plaintiffs’ claim was that the money, which was paid as a pre-
contractual payment, should be returned as there was total failure of
consideration as the contract did not materialise. The terms had not been
agreed. The Defendant argued that there was a contract in the form of the ad
hoc order of 30 cars, and the $300,000 was payment for this. I was satisfied
that there was no contract. The $300,000 was paid on the basis that there
would be a contract signed ultimately; as this did not happen, the $300,000
was repayable for total failure of basis. I was satisfied that it was shown
that the payment was made on the basis that it was a pre-contractual payment
and not payment for an order. While the amount of the payment was taken in
reference to a specific quantity of cars, intended to be the first batch
delivered, the payment was ultimately on the basis that an exclusive
distributorship (technically a sub-distributorship) would be entered into.

38 The term “deposit” generally signifies that money was paid in part-payment
of an agreed sum, and is usually paid in the context of a concluded agreement,
as for instance, in return for an option to purchase. But a payment in the
form of a deposit, may also be paid before a contract is concluded. This would
usually serve to indicate earnestness or seriousness. Such a deposit may be
repayable if the basis on which it was paid does fail: United Artists
Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791
(“United Artists”).

39 While there is judicial recognition of the use of the term “deposit” to
include a pre-contractual payment, to avoid confusion, it may be better to
move away from such usage, and simply term such “deposits” as pre-contractual
payments. It is true that such payments showing seriousness create no real
security for the recipient, and it may be that in many contexts it may make no
commercial sense; there is thus a dearth of cases involving such payments made
to show seriousness. But there is nothing in principle against payments being
made for such a purpose. Indeed, it may be that such payments can be
commercially useful where the parties expect a contract to be completed
shortly and where either or both sides require some signal that there is
serious intent to complete the discussions and enter into a binding agreement.
Here the evidence, to be examined below, pointed in that direction.

40 If such payments showing seriousness are made, and these payments cannot be
construed in any way, as for instance as a gift, the doctrine of failure of
basis applies, and these payments are recoverable as reversal of unjust
enrichment or restitution. Chillingworth v Esche [1924] 1 Ch 97, cited in
United Artists, is an example of this. The Defendant argued that United
Artists was distinguishable on the facts. However, there was no real argument
on the applicable law in the present case.

41 What the basis is must be determined objectively. In the words of Goff &
Jones: The Law of Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) (“Goff &
Jones”) at para 13-02:

The basis of the transfer must be jointly understood as such by both parties.
It must be ascertained objectively and the parties’ uncommunicated subjected
thoughts are irrelevant.

42 The same point that the determination must be objectively ascertained was
made in Fostif Pty Ltd v Campbells Cash and Carry Pty Ltd (2005) 218 ALR 166
at [239].

43 Thus in the present case, considering the testimony of the witnesses, and
the evidence as to whether any binding contract was reached, either in the
form of ad hoc orders or the exclusive distributorship, the conclusion I
reached was that objectively the payment was not made on the basis of any
actual agreement, but that an agreement would be entered into.

Whether any agreement was reached for the ad hoc purchase of cars

44 The Plaintiffs argued that there was no agreement reached. The Defendant on
the other hand argued that there was an agreement to purchase cars that were
ordered, which was separate from the exclusive sub-distributor agreement that
the Plaintiffs claimed to have been negotiating. I concluded that there was in
fact no agreement.

45 I accepted that the Plaintiffs wanted a binding sub-dealerhsip agreement.
It made no commercial sense for the Plaintiffs to have ordered the Lorinser
cars without the assurance of the exclusive sub-dealership arrangement:
otherwise, the Plaintiffs would have face the real possibility of competition
from other dealers. That would have rendered the ordering of the cars a risky
venture. The sub-dealership agreement on the other hand, would have provided
assurance that the Plaintiffs would not have had to fend off others selling
the very same product.

46 The Defendant appeared to argue that discussions about the appointment of
the Plaintiff as a sub-dealer only started in January 2014: however this did
not gel with the discussion which had started in November. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 18 May 2016 p 23 line 5-–20.

Given that such an arrangement was contemplated, it did not make sense for the
cars to be ordered separately, unless it was shown that there was some urgency
or imperative, such as a sale opportunity or perhaps to lay the foundations
for the brand. There was no evidence of this nature. In particular, the
evidence was that the brand was already present in Singapore, and thus there
was no real imperative to have cars marketed to raise awareness of the brand.
Additionally, such brand awareness could be achieved in other ways, without
the need for cars to be actually ordered.

47 The argument was made by the Defendant that the Plaintiffs took the risk
that the exclusive dealership would not be agreed, but entered into and paid
for the order of cars in the meantime. It would have been possible for the
Plaintiffs to have assumed such risk, but such a finding would have gone
against the probabilities in this case. In a normal commercial deal, the
parties would be expected to display a normal appetite for risk: in a
franchise agreement, or distributorship, the party taking on the
responsibilities of selling or distributing the products in question would
generally want to have as little competition as possible. A non-exclusive
franchise or distributorship carries the threat of loss of business by parties
sanctioned or authorised by the supplier. This expectation may be displaced by
specific evidence showing that the Plaintiff was willing to take on such risk,
but there was no evidence of any such readiness on the Plaintiffs’ part: the
Plaintiffs’ witnesses denied that there was any such intention and nothing to
the contrary came from the Defendant’s witnesses. There was of course nothing
by way of documentation here.

48 The Defendant also pointed to the failure by the Plaintiffs to conclude the
dealership agreement, though it could have done so by April 2014. However, as
submitted by the Plaintiffs, this was not correct: at that point Lorinser had
not signed its agreement with Benzline, and that contract with the Defendant
was to exist back to back with the dealership agreement. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 40 line 28–30.

It is clear and accepted as common ground that the contracts were meant to
operate back to back: this was evident from the Defendant’s own submissions. A
number of issues stood in the way of the completion of that dealership
agreement. The Defendant argued that the Plaintiffs were not serious in the
end. There were still discussions about the signing of the contract all the
way through, and no definite agreement was reached: the contract was not
signed, and in particular, the contract between Lorinser and the Defendant was
not itself completed in time, or at least it was not mentioned specifically in
the discussions between the Plaintiffs and the Defendant. Various matters
remained unresolved, including the provision or security in the form a standby
letters of credit. Ultimately, given the facts and how the case was pleaded by
each side all these issues were immaterial. It may be possible that the fault
of a party to negotiate and conclude a contract in good faith is a breach of
an obligation of negotiation in good faith. How such an obligation could arise
is perhaps better considered on another occasion: such a claim was not
pleaded, and the facts as I have found them would have rendered most such
claims unviable.

49 The Defendant also pointed to various matters involving Lorinser such as
emails and the discussions that took place involving either Marcus Lorinser or
the sales manager. However these could not assist much as they did not touch
on the actual relationship between the Plaintiffs and the Defendant.

The orders made did not show that any contract was concluded

50 The fact that the Plaintiffs put in orders did not show that any contract
was concluded between the parties. I was satisfied that the orders put in by
the Plaintiffs were only for planning purposes and in advance of the
conclusion of the dealership agreement. The law is that intention to make an
offer or to accept is determined objectively: Bakery Mart Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Sincere Watch Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R) 462 at [22]; Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [1]. Applying that test, it was not shown that there
was an agreement concluded for the ad hoc supply of cars.

51 Firstly, the tenor of the communications between the parties and with
Lorinser, its objective interpretation was that of determining the overall
supply of cars over the course of the year. While the Plaintiffs may have
conveyed planning orders to Lorinser through the Defendant, I did not conclude
that these orders were made under any ad hoc agreement for a specific number
of cars. I was satisfied that looking at the matter objectively, what the
orders were were really an indication to allow an overall position to be
planned for the year, and that everything was subject to the entry of an
exclusive dealership. The concern of the Plaintiffs throughout was on the
finalisation of the sub-dealership agreement and conclusion of terms.

52 This was shown by the evidence. Firstly, Kevin Ng’s evidence was that the
agreement and orders were linked. He admitted this in his cross-examination: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 37 line 7–21.

Q: So you didn’t tell Supercars the contract has nothing to do with the
orders?

A Because---because right from the start, we had an agreement and Supercar
wanted the contract. Because for the first batch, payment was only made after
the orders were placed.

…

Q: And the payment was made on 22nd of January 2014?

A: Yes. An agreement was reached.

Q: Yes. So the agreement and the orders are linked, you agree?

A: Yes.

Q: And it was only because of the agreement, that’s why the orders were
placed?

A: Yes.

Q: And it was placed on the condition that Supercars would be sub-dealer?

A: Yes.

53 Kevin Ng’s evidence was that an agreement was reached; that part was
disputed by the Plaintiffs. But what was important was that Kevin Ng accepted
the linkage between the two. Furthermore, it was apparent that the dealership
agreement would cover the orders placed earlier: that is, the subject matter
of the dealership agreement would, even on the Defendant’s case, relate back
to past orders. Kevin Ng testified: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 26 line 20–24.

Q: And the contract was to cover the 2014?

A: Yes.

Q: So it will cover all the orders ordered in 2014?

54 A: Yes. The Defendant argued that the discussion of appointment only came
up after 21 January 2014, and that the draft agreement was not signed by the
Plaintiffs. However, the evidence showed that there were outstanding issues
that needed to be resolved, so no agreement was in fact reached, objectively.
The evidence was that even in May 2014 the agreement was not ready to be
signed. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 40 line 28–30.

The decision to enter into the dealership agreement was with the Defendant:
Kevin Ng admitted that Lorinser left this to the Defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 24 line 6–14.

55 Furthermore, without the sub-dealership agreement, the orders would have
rendered the Plaintiffs parallel importers. This would have changed the
business model and an international warranty would be required for the cars to
be eligible for servicing in Singapore by the Singapore authorised dealership
for Mercedes Benz. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 36 line 12–30.

56 As for the Defendant’s point, about the work done by Mercedes and Lorinser,
such work was not directly relevant to the issue of whether an ad hoc contract
was entered – this would have been between the Plaintiffs and the Defendant.
Furthermore, the concerns on the Lorinser side was on the manufacture and
modification of cars for the Singapore market, taking into account the lead
times required. Lorinser did communicate, cajole and exhort for the orders to
be sent in, but the focus of all of these was on the need for planning,
preparation and manufacture given the time required: these did not show that
there was a concluded contract for the supply of the cars. All the Lorinser
evidence was consistent with the orders being for planning, while the legal
relationship between the Plaintiffs and Defendant remained unresolved and
indeterminate. There was nothing in the evidence from the Lorinser emails that
showed that there was any concluded contract between the parties to the
present case.

57 The fact that a planning order covering 100 cars was given by the
Plaintiffs did not show that there was a concluded contract. The Plaintiffs
were also not liable for these 100 cars. The planning order was contingent on
the Plaintiffs being able to conclude an exclusive sub-dealership agreement.

58 The conclusion of a contract for ad hoc orders existing alongside the
exclusive sub-distributorship agreement. There was insufficient evidence in
the present case for me to have concluded that the Plaintiffs agreed to this:
again the probabilities of the circumstances pointed against it. The risk of
competition from other persons dealing in the cars would have been too great.
It is possible that such an ad hoc contract could have been made: but there
was no evidence at all supporting such a conclusion here.

59 It may be that a quantum meruit claim may or may not be possible, but this
was not part of the Defendant’s counterclaim. In any event, as will be dealt
with below, there was insufficient evidence given to support the Defendant’s
counterclaim.

The payment of the $300,000

60 This conclusion was reached as the $300,000 was paid only to show the
seriousness of the Plaintiffs in pursuing the exclusive sub-distributorship;
there was no commercial sense or objective for the cars to be purchased
without such an agreement being entered into. And the contract was never
signed or agreed.

61 I accepted that the payment was made as a pre-contractual payment only.
Yu’s evidence showed ultimately that it was a pre-contractual payment only and
not part-payment of an order.

62 The evidence of the $300,000 being a pre-contractual deposit was not
entirely satisfactory. Yu was not entirely emphatic and definite in his
assertion that the money was paid over as a pre-contractual deposit only.
Marcus Chua’s evidence also had to be considered in light of his interest in
the outcome of the proceedings. The evidence of George Chong was also
equivocal.

63 Yu, in his affidavit, stated that he had given a personal cheque for the
$300,000 to the Defendant, on the basis that it would refundable if the
exclusive dealership was not signed. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Yu’s AEIC at para 13.

Yu also emphasised that he had informed George Chong that the Defendant should
follow up with the appointment of Supercars as the exclusive authorised
dealer. In testimony, Yu’s evidence was that the payment was that it was made
as a pre-contractual deposit: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 10 May 2016 p 108 line 29–32.

Court: … What was the $300,000 for in your mind?

Witness: In my mind it was for the ... pre-contractual deposits of the
upcoming, er, first batch of cars.

64 What had to be noted about Yu’s evidence was that it was not entirely
definitive and categorical about the reason for the payment: on the one hand,
the affidavit pointed to the payment being on the basis that it was subject to
the exclusive agreement being signed. On the other, parts of Yu’s testimony,
such as that reproduced above, could be read as linking the payment to the
orders for cars. However, throughout it all, Yu was consistent in describing
the payment as a pre-contractual payment or deposit. He was also adamant that
the payment was not an actual payment for the order of cars: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 10 May 2016 p 98 line 4–7; 12–15.

Q: Now Mr Yu, I put it to you that the payment of the 300,000 by you to the
defendant was not a pre-contractual deposit but an initial payment towards the
purchase of 30 Mercedes-Benz car. Do you agree with that?

A: No.

…

Q: That because it is a payment towards the purchase of the 30 Mercedes-Benz
car, the 300,000 is not refundable because it’s a purchase---a deposit for a
purchase. Do you agree with that?

A No

65 I did not understand Yu’s evidence to be that the payment was payment for a
specific order. And while he described it as a deposit, the operative part was
that it was pre-contractual.

66 It was also Yu’s evidence that the payment was made as the Plaintiffs were
pressed ahead of the Chinese New Year holidays that year for the sum. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Yu’s AEIC at para 13.

The upshot of this was that the payment was made in circumstances where the
parties had not yet reached a definite position, but that the Plaintiffs
wanted to show their seriousness and good faith. While in his affidavit he did
mention that the Defendant’s request was for the payment to be given as a
deposit pending the formalisation, within the same sentence he reiterated that
the intention of the parties was that what he described as the pre-contractual
cooperation would not be binding unless the exclusive agreement was entered
into.

67 Marcus Chua’s evidence was more definite. He testified as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 17 May 2016 p 61 line 12–22.

Q: … So what I’m putting to you is that since you have already accepted that
the 300,000 was a payment towards the 30% deposit for the car, it certainly
cannot be a pre-contractual deposit anymore. Do you agree with that?

A: Erm, no, … we had already informed them that… “This 300,000 is paid forward
to you guys because ... you have been chasing for it and it’s Chinese New
Year…. [Yu] has always and we have always maintained that this money is given
in good faith subject to the signing and appointment of Supercars as the
appointed Lorinser agent. …

68 I further accepted that the evidence was that the Defendant, through Kevin
Ng, accepted that the $300,000 payment was linked to the agreement. In cross-
examination, he accepted this: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 106 line 20–21,

Q: And it was placed on the condition that Supercars would be sub-dealer?

A: Yes.

69 I noted that Kevin Ng had testified that the agreement had been reached at
the point of payment. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 18 May 2016 p 106 line 14–15,

However, I did not find that this was so, and this would be dealt with further
below. I did note that George Chong’s evidence was equivocal, but that did not
adversely affect the impact of the evidence of the other witnesses. Nothing
George Chong said directly contradicted such evidence.

70 Thus assessing the evidence as a whole in this area, the circumstances
showed that the payment was made in response of the circumstances including
the New Year period, and pressing by the Defendant. This reinforced the
conclusion that the payment was to ensure that negotiations would continue.

71 The Defendant argued that it was shown that Yu decided to take the risk of
the payment: that payment was made despite matters not being clear, and thus
the Plaintiffs should be held to the contract. But even if the payment was
made in a calculated way, meaning that the Plaintiffs or at least Yu was aware
that there was some possibility that the money could not be recovered back,
this did not show that the payment was not refundable. What mattered was
whether there was a basis for the money being retained by the Defendants, or
rather than the payment was binding and irrevocable by the Plaintiffs. The
answer to that would have to be determined by the existence of a basis of
payment or the existence of binding contract between the parties. It would be
otherwise if the risk taken was tied to an intention to take the risk of the
contract being binding – but that requires proof that a concluded contract was
indeed formed.

The Payment Voucher

72 An objective piece of evidence that had to be considered was the payment
voucher recording the payment, which was dated 22 January 2014. And it stated
that the payment was “30% Deposit for New Mercedes as attached”. Marcus Chua
testified in cross-examination that the payment was a deposit for new Mercedes
cars: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE 17 May 2016 p 63 line 15–26.

Q: My question is that this payment voucher states that it is 30% deposit for
the new Mercedes and it does not state that it is a pre-contractual deposit,
do you agree with that?

A: Yes.

Q: So Mr Chua, you agree that insofar as the 14 cars are concerned for which
you have paid the 30% deposit, effectively you cannot cancel the order and you
must pay the balance and take delivery of the cars, do you agree with that
position?

A: Yes, if the, er, deposits are paid.

Q: And therefore, you cannot cancel the order and you must pay the balance and
take delivery of the cars?

A: Yes.

73 That would point towards the payment of the $300,000 being payment for ad
hoc order of cars at least. However, in re-examination, Marcus Chua further
testified that this payment was subject to the conclusion of the dealership
agreement: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 17 May 2016 p 106 line 11–22.

Q: And you were asked that---you know, whether the---to confirm that the
payment voucher does not state that it was a pre-contractual deposit and you
said yes. And you also wanted to explain further and at that point in time,
you were informed that you can explain later. So please go ahead and explain
what you want about this.

74 A: Okay. This---this, erm, 30% deposit was paid for the first batch of
Mercedes-Benz ordered. Erm, but it was made known to Kevin and on that day of
issuing this cheque, Mr Yu did highlight again to George that this 300,000 is
paid forward as in good faith and is still subject to the signing of the
agreement. If not, this 300,000 has to be refunded. But George told us that
there will be no problem on the appointment for Supercars as a exclusive
agent. George Chong testified that the $300,000 was meant as 30% deposit for
the order of cars. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 11 May 2016 p 59 line 9–10.

The effect of this would be to give some support for the payment being for an
ad hoc contract for the order of cars without the exclusive dealership.
However, it was not definitive: it can be read as tied to the order of 30 cars
in terms of quantum, but not tying the Plaintiff until the dealership
agreement was concluded. It was thus equivocal.

75 All of the above evidence pointed to the $300,000 as being referenced to
the payment of money due on an order of cars, but did not show that that order
was binding. Ultimately, the payment and the description in the payment
voucher had to be taken against the backdrop of an actual contract being
entered into. Thus, while the payment voucher was objective evidence, it was
not unequivocal evidence of the existence of a binding contract for the order
of cars. The surrounding circumstances, including the inherent probabilities
of the context of the transaction pointed more strongly to the conclusion that
the payment was made in advance of and subject to the dealership being
finalised.

Other interpretations

76 There was no contract subject to conditions, or agreement to negotiate
further. None of these were pleaded, and in any event I could not see any
evidence that would have pointed to any of this.

Change of position

77 The Defendant raised change of position in its submissions, though this was
not expressly pleaded. The Defendants did aver to the payment of the money to
Lorinser. This would not be enough however, in fulfilment of the requirements
of the defence. But in any event aside from the pleading issue, the defence
was not made out on the facts.

78 For change of position to be raised successfully, it must be shown that it
would be inequitable for the defendant in a case to be made to give
restitution nor reverse the unjust enrichment: Lipkin Gorman (a firm) v
Karpnale Ltd [1991[ 2 AC 548. There must be extraordinary expenditure, that
is, it is not sufficient for the change of position to have resulted from
expenditure that would have been incurred in the ordinary course of events, ie
that the expenditure flowed from the enrichment: Goff & Jones at para 27-08.

79 However, where the basis has been found to have failed, change of position
is not made out as a defendant in such a position would know that flowing from
such failure, repayment would follow. It is therefore not inequitable to
require repayment: Haugesund Kommune and another v Depfa ACS Bank (Wikborg
Rein & Co, Part 20 defendant) [2010] EWCA Civ 579 at [123], [125]. An
exception noted in Goff & Jones is made in respect of situations where the
basis requires some advance expenditure, such as a contract requiring work,
before it is frustrated, but that is a different situation from what we have
here.

80 In this case, the basis was the entry into the distributorship agreement;
this did not occur, and the Defendant would be taken to have known that
repayment would follow from such failure of basis. Change of position was thus
not established.

Conclusion on the existence of the Contract

81 The evidence showed that there was no contract entered into between the
parties, for ad hoc orders to be made for the cars. There was certainly
nothing agreed as to the exclusive dealership. As the payment of the $300,000
was predicated on the basis that such an exclusive dealership would eventually
be entered into, and this failed to happen, that sum would be repayable back
to the Plaintiffs.

82 While there was disagreement as on whose behalf the payment was made, given
that the source of the funds, Yu testified that the payment was for the
benefit of the 1st Plaintiff, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 10 May 2016 p 30 line 1-–27.

then repayment should be made to that entity. But in any event, which of the
two Plaintiffs should be repaid the sum was not a material issue at the end of
the day.

83 I did not have to consider whether there was valid termination, or when the
claim should have been made – ie when time was made of the essence. It would
have been at the latest by the point of the clear indication that a contract
was entered into with Regal, in July 2014.

The Counterclaim

84 The Defendant’s counterclaim:

(a) Claims for commission in respect of both the Singapore market and the Thai
market;

(b) A claim for $78,658.06 based on a sales order; and

(c) €1,436,423.65 as the balance price for the 30 cars that they say had been
ordered by the Plaintiffs.

85 The Defendants claimed both loss of commission and costs arising from the
Plaintiffs’ breach. As submitted by the Plaintiffs, this conflated reliance
and expectation losses, and was not correct in principle. Aside from my
finding that there was failure of basis, and that no contract was in fact
agreed, the evidence did not support the Defendants’ counterclaims.

The Claim for the losses from the Singapore and Thai Markets

86 The Counterclaim failed in view of my finding that no agreement was reached
for the purchase of the cars for the Singapore market, or indeed for the Thai
market.

87 There was scant evidence that any agreement was reached in respect of cars
for the Thai market. There was no written contract. Even the planning orders
relied upon by the Defendant to show the existence of a Singapore contract
were only concerned with Singapore: there was no equivalent planning order
coming from the Plaintiffs for the Thai market. Indeed the documents adduced
related only to Singapore. No email indicated anything more than that there
would be an introduction of a person or persons from Thailand to the Defendant
or Lorinser. And importantly, as argued by the Plaintiffs, it is telling that
when Marcus Chua appeared to be enthusiastically talking about other markets,
Lorinser’s sales manager in fact told the plaintiffs to focus on the Singapore
market. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiffs’ core bundle p 126.

88 No agreement was reached between the parties as to the sale of Lorinser
cars in Thailand. There was no written, concluded contract between the
Plaintiffs and the Defendant for sale of these cars in the Thai market. What
the evidence showed was the Marcus Chua was willing, at least initially, to
facilitate dealings between the Defendant and local Thai companies.

89 There was no supporting evidence to show an agreement had been reached
between the Defendant and the Plaintiffs appointing the latter as sub-dealers
in Thailand.

Damages claim not supported

90 In any event, even if the Defendant were able to make out a claim for
contractual breach, ie that I was wrong on the repayment of the $300,000 and
that there was no agreement for the order of cars, the Defendant failed to
establish that damages should be awarded. Contractual damages are compensatory
only. The Defendant failed to make out that any compensation was due as it had
not proven the losses that it supposedly suffered.

Sales order amount of $78,658.06

91 Aside from the fact that there was, as I found, no actual order by the
Plaintiffs, there was insufficient evidence to make out the claim as the
reliability of the sales order was in doubt. As submitted by the Plaintiffs,
the sales order had a number of discrepancies: the address and description
were not correct. The Plaintiffs did point to Kevin Ng’s evidence that he
would not pay on an incorrect invoice; this was however immaterial. What
resulted from the discrepancies or errors was that it was doubtful that the
invoice properly reflected an amount that was due from these Plaintiffs in
respect of the specific claim. There was no other evidence adduced in respect
of this specific claim for $78,685.06, such as communications between the
parties in which that amount was specifically admitted.

92 Further, as argued by the Plaintiffs, the claim here overlapped with the
claim for the 30 cars, and thus was a double claim. This was conceded by the
Defendant.

Balance purchase price for €1,436,423.65

93 The Defendants claimed this amount in respect of the 30 cars supposedly
ordered. Again, as I have found that there was in fact no order for the 30
cars the discussion here is only on the basis that I was wrong as to the
Plaintiffs’ claim. But as argued by the Plaintiffs, the loss claimed was not
in fact proven. Thus even if I was wrong on the Plaintiff’s claim, the
Defendants did not show that they suffered damages of the amount shown. The
burden was on the Defendant to make out its case that the losses were indeed
incurred. This the Defendant failed to discharge.

94 The invoices relied upon by the Defendant were not evidence of any loss
suffered by the Defendant. The majority of invoices only showed that there
were vehicles ordered, for supply to Regal by Lorinser: for example, at Kevin
Ng’s affidavit, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Kevin Ng’s AEIC pp 570-–571; p 572.

we have two invoices for equipment and vehicle for €7,353.50 and €20.015.65
respectively, from Lorinser to Regal Motors. The Defendant has tried to link
these to the respective order confirmations by Lorinser and the delivery by
Daimler-Benz to Lorinser, but what was not present was evidence or proof of
what the Defendant, Benzline, lost through this transaction. On the face of
it, without such evidence, it would seem that Regal paid the amount, and the
conclusion that would have to be drawn given the absence of evidence is that
there was no loss to Benzline at all. The same defect is repeated for the
various invoices exhibited by Kevin Ng. The Defendant did have a summary table
in Ng’s affidavit 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Kevin Ng’s AEIC, exh-27 (pp 811-–856)

but that table is only a summary, and not proof of loss. No attempt was made
in the submissions to support the quantification of the loss supposedly
suffered by the Defendant.

95 As noted by the Plaintiffs, there were other invoices did show the
Defendant’s payment to Lorinser, but were for invoices other than those
relating to the cars that were allegedly ordered.

96 Additionally, Kevin Ng admitted in evidence that invoices to Regal should
have been paid by Regal. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 19 May 2016 p 4 line 10-–14; p 12 line 18–25.

There were a number of payment supposedly made by the Defendant to Lorinser,
but Kevin Ng admitted that these payments were moneys paid or matters other
than the order of 30 cars upon which the Defendant claimed reliance loss. Thus
for instance, the payment shown by debit advice from UOB at Ng’s affidavit at
page 818, was not relatable to any invoice from Lorinser in relation to the
order of the 30 cars in question.

97 Thus, any loss suffered by the Defendant was not substantiated by these
invoices. This was a crucial missing link: these invoices were not proof that
the Defendant incurred losses – if anything, they showed that there were sales
to Regal, which would show that there were no losses suffered. If the sales to
Regal were at a lower price, then the difference would perhaps be claimable,
but that requires evidence to be shown of what the price difference was.

98 Invoices were also exhibited in relation to the charges for new vehicles
delivered, by a logistics company, Dachser; the evidence showed that these
invoices related to deliveries to Regal. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Volume 3 of Defendant’s bundle of affidavits (“3 DBA”) p 800, 803.

They were thus payable by Regal under the contract between the Defendant and
Regal. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

3 DBA p 765.

No loss was thus made out by the Defendant.

99 In view of all this, there was considerable doubt about the Defendant’s
claim for loss suffered by the Defendant in relation to these orders, and
thus, the Defendant’s claim for loss would not have been made out on the
balance of probabilities.

100 What is more, even if there had been any agreement to purchase the 30
cars, the price of the 30 cars did not represent the loss suffered by the
Defendant. There was at the very least on this assumption, actual mitigation
made by the Defendant through the sales to Regal, as even on the Defendant’s
own evidence, 19 of the 30 cards had been sold, and any losses avoided would
not have been claimable: British Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co
Ltd v Underground Electric Railways Co of London Ltd [1912] AC 673.

101 It is also pertinent that while the Defendants claimed that they were
ready to deliver the cars to the Plaintiffs, no cars were also received by
them and nothing was adduced in evidence to show any attempted delivery.

Specific Performance not made out

102 There was a claim by the Defendant for specific performance. Such an order
would not have been appropriate given the concluded contract with Regal, and
had the Defendant made out its case on the merits, an order for damages would
have been adequate.

Miscellaneous

103 The Plaintiffs pointed to the fact that the Defendant’s counterclaim was
only made a year after their claim was filed. On the facts before, however I
could not conclude that this indicated fabrication or that it should otherwise
render the Defendant’s case or evidence suspect.

104 Various portions of the evidence were concerned with the detailed
discussions on the sub-dealership agreement. These were not in the end
material to the determination of whether an ad hoc order was made and a
specific agreement for the supply of cars was reached. There was also some
time taken as to the precise sequence of events after an order was placed, but
this again was not material in my mind given the conclusion reached about the
ad hoc order and contract.

Conclusion

105 For the above reasons, the Plaintiffs’ claim was allowed, while the
Defendant’s counterclaims were dismissed. Costs were taxed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Ho May Kim and Harry Zheng (Selvam LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Leslie Yeo (Sterling Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

