Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 199

Criminal Case No 24 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor

and

Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Importation
of controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Sibeko Lindiwe Mary-Jane

[2016] SGHC 199

High Court — Criminal Case No 24 of 2016  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
11–13, 17–20 May, 4 July 2016

22 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The accused is a 46-year-old woman from Johannesburg, South Africa. She was
charged with an offence under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) for importation of a controlled drug. The charge read as
follows:

That you, SIBEKO LINDIWE MARY-JANE,

are charged that you, on 25 October 2013 at or about 8.35 pm, at the Arrival
Hall of Terminal 3 Changi Airport, Singapore (“the said place”), did import
into the said place a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the said Act”),
to wit, five (5) bundles of crystalline substances weighing a total of 6,901
grams which were subsequently analysed and found to contain not less than
5,380.2 grams of methamphetamine, without authorisation under the said Act or
the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 7 punishable under section 33 of the said Act, and further, upon
your conviction under section 7 of the said Act, you may alternatively be
liable to be punished under section 33B of the said Act.

2 The accused claimed trial. At the end of the prosecution’s case, I found
that there was sufficient evidence to call the accused to give her defence.
The accused elected to give evidence under oath. She was the sole witness for
her defence. At the end of the accused’s case, I adjourned the trial for
submissions, which were subsequently made on 4 July 2016. Thereafter, I
reserved judgment. I now give my decision.

The evidence

The accused’s arrival in Singapore and her arrest

3 The accused arrived in Singapore on 25 October 2013 at about 7.45pm. She had
departed from Cotonou, Benin the day before, and her journey to Singapore,
which included transits in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and Mumbai, India, took a
total of 24 hours. On her arrival at Changi Airport, the accused passed
through immigration and collected her luggage (“the Luggage”) from the luggage
belt at the Terminal 3 Arrival Hall. She then walked towards the exit. It was
then, at about 8.30pm, that she was stopped by a Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) officer, Woman Staff Sergeant Wang Jingyi Dawn (“W/Ssgt Dawn”). W/Ssgt
Dawn directed the accused to the x-ray machine for the Luggage to be checked.
After the Luggage went through the x-ray machine, W/Ssgt Dawn informed the
accused that she needed to do a manual search on the Luggage. As there was a
layer of plastic wrapped tightly around the Luggage, the accused tried to
remove the plastic wrapping with her hands. She was subsequently provided with
a pair of scissors to cut it. Once the plastic wrapping was removed, the
accused unlocked the lock to the Luggage using a key she had retrieved from
her handbag.

4 It was around this time that another CNB officer, Staff Sergeant Muhammad
Azim bin Missuan (“Ssgt Azim”), came over to assist W/Ssgt Dawn in searching
the Luggage. During the search, Ssgt Azim saw a black nylon bag (which was a
garment bag) underneath some of the accused’s other items. Ssgt Azim took out
and opened up the black nylon bag and saw two blue bundles which were wrapped
tightly with transparent tape. Ssgt Azim then informed W/Ssgt Dawn of this.

5 W/Ssgt Dawn and Ssgt Azim both testified that at this point, W/Ssgt Dawn
asked the accused what was inside the two bundles. They said that the accused
replied that they contained food items. W/Ssgt Dawn instructed Ssgt Azim to
scan the two bundles. W/Ssgt Dawn then asked the accused what type of food
items the bundles contained, and the accused replied that she was unsure but
believed that it would be used to make medicine. The accused added that she
was supposed to pass the bundles to her boyfriend’s brother, who was working
as a doctor in a hospital in South Africa. After this, W/Ssgt Dawn instructed
the accused to open the first bundle. The accused proceeded to cut an opening
in the corner of this first bundle with a pair of scissors. She was not
wearing gloves when she did this. When the bundle was cut, W/Ssgt Dawn and
Ssgt Azim saw a crystalline substance inside the bundle. W/Ssgt Dawn then
donned a pair of gloves and drew a sample of the crystalline substance for the
“MMC” drug test kit. The test revealed a positive result for controlled drugs.
W/Ssgt Dawn then proceeded to conduct a similar test on the second bundle
(after cutting it open with a scalpel), and the results were identical. Ssgt
Azim, while wearing gloves, also did a test on the crystalline substance from
one of the bundles with the “Trunarc” drug test kit and the result was
positive for methamphetamine. At about 9.06pm, W/Ssgt Dawn informed the
accused that the two bundles which were found in her possession were believed
to be controlled drugs, and placed the accused under arrest.

6 The black nylon bag was subsequently labelled as Exhibit “A2” while the two
bundles were labelled as Exhibits “A2A” and “A2B”. Exhibit “A2A” contained two
packets labelled as Exhibits “A2A1” and “A2A2”, while Exhibit “A2B” contained
three packets labelled as Exhibits “A2B1”, “A2B2” and “A2B3”. At trial, W/Ssgt
Dawn testified that, as between Exhibits “A2A” and “A2B”, she could not
remember which was the bundle that the accused had cut and which was the
bundle that she herself had cut. Exhibits “A2A1”, “A2A2”, “A2B1”, “A2B2” and
“A2B3” were subsequently analysed by Lim Hui Jia Stephanie, an Analyst with
the Illicit Drugs Laboratory of the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA"), and
found to contain a total of 6,901g of crystalline substance containing
5,380.2g of methamphetamine  
(“the Drug”).

The Contemporaneous Statement

7 Following her arrest, the accused was escorted to the Immigrations &
Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) search room located at the Terminal 3 Arrival
Hall. At about 10.30pm, W/Ssgt Dawn commenced the recording of the accused’s
contemporaneous statement (“the Contemporaneous Statement”). Prior to this,
W/SSgt Dawn served the accused a Notification of the Misuse of Drugs
(Amendment) Act 2012 (“the MDA Notification”). The MDA Notification, which was
signed by the accused, read as follows:

Your attention is hereby brought to the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012,
which was passed by Parliament on 14 November 2012 and came into effect on 1
January 2013, and which gives the courts the discretion to sentence an accused
person convicted of trafficking, importing and exporting of controlled drugs,
whose involvement in the offence is restricted:

(a) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(b) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(c) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(d) to any combination of the activities listed in (a), (b) and (c); and

the Public Prosecutor certifies to the court that, in his determination, the
accused person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore, who is
liable to the death penalty, to life imprisonment with caning instead.

This notification is purely for your information, and should not be construed
as a threat, inducement or promise for you to give evidence against yourself
or any other person.

[emphasis added]

It was not disputed that W/Ssgt Dawn did not tell the accused that caning did
not apply to females.

Admissibility of the Contemporaneous Statement

8 The accused challenged the admissibility of the Contemporaneous Statement
pursuant to s 258(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“the CPC”). Following an ancillary hearing under s 279 of the CPC, I ruled
that the Contemporaneous Statement was admissible. I set out my reasons in
this section.

9 The accused’s argument was premised on the undisputed fact that W/Ssgt Dawn,
in administering the MDA Notification, did not explain to the accused that
caning did not apply to her. The argument, as I understood it, was that the
threat of caning constituted a threat under s 258(3) of the CPC and rendered
the Contemporaneous Statement involuntary. Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of
the CPC did not apply because it was not explained to the accused that caning
did not apply to her. Additional reliance was also placed on the accused
having been scared, tired and in a new environment. An argument was also
mounted concerning the 20 allegedly unexplained minutes between the end of the
MDA Notification procedure and the commencement of the recording of the
Contemporaneous Statement.

10 On the other hand, the prosecution submitted that the allegations raised by
the accused at best affect only the weight but not the admissibility of the
Contemporaneous Statement. In any event, there was no threat, inducement or
promise issued to the accused. Even if there was a threat, inducement or
promise, it did not operate on the mind of the accused. Finally, there was no
oppression such that the accused’s free will was sapped.

11 The first issue on the admissibility of the Contemporaneous Statement
turned on whether Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of the CPC applied to the
present case. This provides as follows:

Explanation 2 — If a statement is otherwise admissible, it will not be
rendered inadmissible merely because it was made in any of the following
circumstances:

…

(aa) where the accused is informed in writing by a person in authority of the
circumstances in section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap. 185) under which
life imprisonment may be imposed in lieu of death;

…

12 There is no doubt that the MDA Notification falls within Explanation 2(aa)
to s 258(3) of the CPC as the provisions of s 33B of the MDA are reproduced in
it. However, W/SSgt Dawn had read the MDA Notification to the accused without
explaining that caning did not apply to females. Defence counsel submitted
that in doing so, the threat of caning was there and this had caused the
accused to give the Contemporaneous Statement against her will.

13 I was unable to agree. I did not see how a person could construe the part
in the MDA Notification relating to caning as a threat that would be carried
out if that person did not provide the information. In fact, caning is a
possibility if the information is provided, not withheld. Indeed, the MDA
Notification is an inducement or promise, in that it holds out a possibility
to an accused person that if he, being a mere courier, provides useful
information to the CNB, he would escape the death penalty and be sentenced
instead to life imprisonment with caning. To the extent that the MDA
Notification is an inducement or promise, Explanation 2(aa) to s 258(3) of the
CPC has taken it outside the scope of that subsection so that statements
recorded subsequent to the MDA Notification are not inadmissible on this
ground alone.

14 More importantly, in her long statement given on 5 November 2013, the
accused, in describing the taking of the Contemporaneous Statement, did not
mention that the fear of caning was a factor that caused her to give her
answers to W/Ssgt Dawn. If fear had been a factor, the memory of this would be
fresh in her mind when she gave this long statement some ten days later.

15 For the reasons set out above, I found that the Contemporaneous Statement
was not given by the accused on account of any threat flowing from W/SSgt
Dawn. Accordingly, I admitted it in evidence.

Contents of the Contemporaneous Statement

16 In the Contemporaneous Statement, the accused stated that the two bundles
did not belong to her although they were recovered from the Luggage. The
accused said that she was told by her boyfriend, one Chukwu Emmeka, that he
had placed something inside the Luggage and wanted her to pass it to his
brother when she returned to South Africa. She said that Chukwu Emmeka had
told her that they contained “some cooking items” and that she had not
suspected that it could be anything else because she had trusted her
boyfriend. The relevant portions of the Contemporaneous Statement are set out
below:

…

Qns 4: (Recorder’s Note: Pointing to the 02 bundles wrapped with blue tape
which were recovered from the accused) Do these 02 bundles belong to you?

Ans 4: No.

Qns 5: Were they recovered from your black luggage?

Ans 5: Yes.

Qns 6: What is inside these 02 bundles?

Ans 6: I do not know.

Qns 7: How did these 02 bundles ended up in your luggage?

Ans 7: I was told by my boyfriend, Chukwu Emmeka, that he placed something
inside my luggage and wanted me to pass them his brother when I return to
South Africa.

Qns 8: Do you know the contents inside the items your boyfriend pl in your
luggage?

Ans 8: No.

Qns 9: Did you ask him what was it?

Ans 9: Yes, he said they were some cooking items.

Qns 10: Did it arouse your suspicion that they may not be cooking items?

Ans 10: No, because I trusted my boyfriend.

Qns 11: What were you suppose to do with the 02 bundles?

Ans 11: I am suppose to take it back to South Africa and pass to my
boyfriend’s brother.

Qns 12: Do you have any intention to pass these bundles to anyone in
Singapore?

Ans 12: No.

…

The accused’s cautioned statement

17 Three days later, on 28 October 2013 at about 2.00pm, the accused gave a
cautioned statement under s 23 of the CPC. In this statement, she said that
the Drug in the Luggage did not belong to her but was put into the Luggage by
her friend, one Bros, at the airport in Cotonou without her knowledge. At
trial, the accused clarified that Bros was the same person as Chukwu Emmeka.
The substantive part of the accused’s cautioned statement is set out below:

The drugs in the luggage does not belongs to me. It was put into my luggage by
my friend ‘Bros’ in Cotonou Airport without my knowledge. After I packed my
luggage at the hotel, Bros and I took a taxi to Cotonou Airport. For about
half an hour Bros was with my luggage while I was inside the shops at the
airport. After that, Bros bought a lock and helped me locked my luggage. Bros
also helped to wrapped my luggage in plastic then we went to check in my
luggage. It was only until I reached Singapore airport when the luggage was
open and checked by the police that I saw the drugs were put into my bag. I am
being framed by Bros. I will do all things to help the authorities to find
Bros. That is all.

The accused’s long statements

18 The accused then gave a series of long statements under s 22 of the CPC.
Five of these statements, recorded between 28 October 2013 and 7 November
2013, were admitted into evidence.

The accused’s long statement given on 28 October 2013 at about 2.50pm

19 In her first long statement given on 28 October 2013 at about 2.50pm, the
accused stated that she was framed by Bros who had been a close friend of hers
back in 2002. They met in the church that they were both attending in South
Africa, but she subsequently lost touch with him when he went to Benin. The
accused got back in touch with Bros in 2010 and would talk to Bros over the
phone at least once or twice a week. The accused told Bros that she wanted to
go for a holiday in Italy, but Bros told her to go to Singapore instead. Bros
told the accused that no visa was needed for travel to Singapore. He further
told the accused that he had wanted to go to Singapore to buy electronic goods
and import them back to Benin, but that he could sponsor her trip to Singapore
if she could go to Singapore and buy the goods on his behalf. Bros would send
the money to the accused by “Moneygram” or “Western Union” when she arrived in
Singapore. The accused agreed to do so.

20 She thus flew from Johannesburg to Benin to meet Bros. She arrived in Benin
on 20 October 2013, and Bros met her the following day. Bros told the accused
that he wanted her to send “some materials for making medicine” to his brother
in South Africa, and showed the accused the “medicine”, which looked like
“crystals”, in a container. The accused was angry at this and told Bros that
she would only go back to South Africa after her trip to Singapore. Bros
eventually agreed. He told the accused to stay at Tai Hoe Hotel in Singapore,
and to call him when she reached the hotel. The accused stated that the Drug
looked like this “medicine”.

21 On the morning of 24 October 2013, the accused and Bros headed to the
airport on a taxi for the accused’s flight to Singapore. The accused had
personally packed the Luggage in the hotel and there were no drugs in it. At
the airport, Bros took the Luggage and held it for her. Bros told the accused
that it was not time to check in yet. Thus, the accused looked around a few
shops at the airport. The accused did not pay attention to Bros and the
Luggage. The accused guessed that this was the only time when Bros could have
placed the Drug into the Luggage.

22 About half an hour later, Bros told the accused to check in. He showed the
accused a lock which he had bought for the Luggage. Bros then locked the
Luggage and brought it to be wrapped in “plastic tape”. Bros then handed the
accused the key to the lock and they checked in the Luggage. The accused did
not see the Luggage until she was arrested in Singapore.

23 When the Luggage was opened and checked at Changi Airport, the accused
realised that “there was additional stuff placed inside [the Luggage] at the
top by Bros in the black bag”. She initially thought that the bundles were
medication, food, toys or money as they were very big. The accused thought
that they could be toys as there were a lot of toys in the taxi which she and
Bros had taken to the airport.

The accused’s long statement given on 30 October 2013 at about 11.00am

24 In a subsequent long statement given on 30 October 2013 at about 11.00am,
the accused provided information on her background. Among other things, she
stated that she was currently staying in a one-storey house with two big
bedrooms, three spare rooms and a garage. The house was fully paid for by her
parents and is in an “average income neighbourhood”. The accused lived there
with her parents and two of her siblings. The accused also has a rented
apartment and stayed there sometimes to take care of her nephew. The accused
has two sons born out of wedlock.

25 The accused was at the time running a business which dealt with sourcing
for products and services such as stationery, catering, maintenance, grocery
and transportation for government departments. The accused did not have a
monthly income, but earned about 500 to 1,000 Euros per business deal. She
described her income as “average as compared with other South Africans”. She
also had a receptionist working for her. The accused stated that “[her]
finance is comfortable”.

26 In this statement, the accused also stated that she is a Christian who
spent most of her free time at church or at church activities. She has been
attending her current church since 2003.

The accused’s long statement given on 2 November 2013 at about 12.45pm

27 In a further long statement given on 2 November 2013 at about 12.45pm, the
accused stated that she was chatting with Bros over the phone a few weeks
before she came to Singapore. He was in Cotonou and she was in South Africa.
The two of them were never in a formal relationship, but were “just like
having a fling back then in 2002”. The accused told Bros that she wanted to
take a holiday. She was thinking of going to Italy but the visa application
process was troublesome. Bros then suggested that the accused go to Singapore
instead as no visa was required. The accused was concerned about the air
ticket being expensive, but Bros told her not to worry about it. Bros had
wanted to buy some electronic goods from Singapore to sell in Benin and would
sponsor her two-way flight if she agreed to help him buy the electronic goods
on her trip. The accused was tempted by this offer. Moreover, Bros also told
her that he would pay for her flight from South Africa to Cotonou so that she
could meet him. The accused was happy as she had not been to Cotonou before
and had not met Bros for about ten years.

28 The accused flew to Cotonou on 20 October 2013. On her arrival, she took a
shuttle bus to a hotel. The next day, the accused moved to a service
apartment. She called Bros and he came to meet her at the apartment. Bros
drove the accused for dinner and slept over at her apartment that night.

29 The following day, Bros brought a transparent container containing “some
white crystals substance” up to the accused’s apartment. The accused stated
that these looked like the Drug, the only difference being that they were “a
bit wet”. The accused reached out to open the container but Bros slapped away
her hand and told her not to open it. Bros was talking on the phone and the
accused “could see he was becoming serious as he talked”. Bros then put down
the phone and asked if the accused was okay going back to South Africa. He
explained that he needed her to bring the “stuff in the container” back to
South Africa. Bros told the accused that it was “raw ingredients for making
medicine” and that it was for his brother who was a doctor. The two then
argued over this. The accused told Bros that she wanted to go to Singapore as
he had promised her and she had spent a lot of money to buy the air ticket to
Cotonou.

30 It seems that Bros eventually relented as the accused was contacted the
next day by a travel agency and asked to collect her flight tickets. Later
that evening, Bros met the accused and passed her her flight itinerary. He
came up to her room with a “young African boy” and they told the accused that
Tai Hoe Hotel would be cheaper and closer to where she was supposed to buy the
electronic goods in Singapore.

31 Bros came to the accused’s apartment early the next morning on 24 October
2013. He told the accused that he would hold her return ticket to South Africa
as she was coming back to meet him. The Luggage was full and Bros told the
accused to take some things out as she was going shopping. He also told her
that some of her toiletries had too much liquid and could not be brought onto
the plane. The accused therefore took some items out of the Luggage. Bros told
the accused that she was supposed to help him bring the “medicine” to South
Africa on her return. He also told her that he did not have enough money to
pass her for the electronic goods. However, he asked her to call him when she
arrived in Singapore and he would wire her the money by “Moneygram” and email
her the list of items to buy. Bros’ friend then fetched the accused and Bros
to the airport. There were a lot of toys and a green colour sports bag in the
car.

32 As it was still too early to check in at the airport, the accused went to
look around some stalls selling handicraft and earrings for about half an
hour. Bros was holding on to the Luggage since they reached the airport and
his friend also followed them. Bros was carrying the green colour sports bag.
The accused did not pay attention to Bros and the Luggage.

33 When it was time to check in, Bros showed the accused a lock which he said
he had bought for her. He locked the Luggage and passed her the key. The
Luggage was then wrapped with plastic and subsequently checked in. The accused
did not see the Luggage again until her arrival in Singapore.

The accused’s long statement given on 5 November 2013 at about 10.30am

34 The accused’s next long statement was given on 5 November 2013 at about
10.30am. In this statement, the accused described the three flights and two
transits before her arrival in Singapore on 25 October 2013 at about 7.45pm.
On her arrival at Singapore, the accused cleared immigration and proceeded to
the belt from which she was supposed to collect the Luggage. After the accused
had picked up the Luggage, she pushed it on its wheels towards the exit and it
was then that she was stopped by W/Ssgt Dawn.

35 W/Ssgt Dawn proceeded to ask the accused some questions. The accused was
feeling slightly frustrated as she was feeling tired after the long flight and
“just wanted to get rid of the lady” so that she could go to the hotel and
rest. W/Ssgt Dawn then directed the accused to the x-ray machine for the
Luggage to be checked. As the accused lifted up the Luggage to place it into
the x-ray machine, she noticed that it was especially heavy. The accused was
subsequently asked to open up the Luggage for a check. The accused wanted to
tear open the plastic wrapping as she “just wanted to get the check over with
fast”. She wanted to “quickly finish the check and go to [her] hotel to rest”.
The accused was given a pair of scissors to cut the plastic. She then unlocked
and unzipped the Luggage.

36 After unzipping the Luggage and laying it opened, the accused saw a “piece
of black color fabric at the top of the [L]uggage”. The accused was surprised
as it was not hers. She touched and pressed it and could feel that there was
something inside. There was also a crunching sound. The accused was nervous as
she did not know what it was and what it contained.

37 W/Ssgt Dawn, who was now wearing gloves, then took out the smaller bundle.
The bundle was blue in colour and wrapped in “shiny transparent tape”. The
accused “felt calmer” after seeing the tape. She thought that the bundle was
food parcels or money. She thought it was food initially as she had seen
passengers wrapping their luggage and parcels in clear tape before checking
them in at Cotonou Airport, and Bros had told her that they were wrapping
“stuff such as food”.

38 W/Ssgt Dawn asked the accused what the bundle was and the accused replied
that it was food. W/Ssgt Dawn then asked the accused to cut open the bundles.
The accused, who was not wearing any gloves, then used a scissors to cut open
a corner and could see that there were “white salt-like crystals” inside. The
accused was “more comforted now” as she recognised this as the “medicine” in
the container which Bros wanted her to bring back to South Africa for his
brother. Thus, the accused told W/Ssgt Dawn that the bundle contained
“medicine which [her] husband wanted [her] to bring back to South Africa”. The
accused told W/Ssgt Dawn that Bros was her husband as she did not want to
explain too much. W/Ssgt Dawn then proceeded to do some test on the crystals
and told the accused that “this type of medicine” was not allowed in
Singapore.

39 W/Ssgt Dawn then did a further search and found a similar but bigger bundle
“from inside the black colour fabric”. The accused was shocked as “even for
medicine the amount is far too much”. The accused’s mind was “blank” after the
second bundle was taken out as she “could sense there was something wrong”.
More officers were coming and she could tell from their expressions that
“something was very wrong”. The accused was very scared and could not pay
proper attention. She vaguely remembered the officers putting the two bundles
back through the x-ray machine, but could not remember whether they had cut
open the second bundle to do a test. She could remember being asked a lot of
questions but could not remember the exact questions.

40 The accused was then handcuffed and told that the bundles contained drugs.
She was then brought to an office and “there were many questions posed to
[her] by different officers”. The accused remembered W/Ssgt Dawn posing some
questions and writing them down. She could not remember the exact questions.
The accused did not say that she did not know how the bundles ended up in the
Luggage and that Bros may have put them in the Luggage. She still could not
believe they were drugs. The accused only told the officers that “[her]
husband passed the medicine to [her] to bring it to South Africa”. Thinking
back now, she was in a state of shock at that time. Otherwise, she would have
told the officers that the Drug was placed into the Luggage by Bros without
her knowledge.

41 In response to a question posed by the recording officer, the accused
stated that her answer to Question 7 in the Contemporaneous Statement (see
[16] above) was “not accurate”. The accused was still confused and in shock
then and may have communicated the wrong idea. The accused’s mind was fixed on
Bros telling her to “bring the medicine to South Africa”.

42 The accused identified Exhibit “A2A” in a photograph as the first bundle
that was found in the Luggage and which she was asked to cut.

The accused’s long statement given on 7 November 2013 at about 6.30pm

43 The accused’s final long statement was given on 7 November 2013 at about
6.30pm. This statement took a question-and-answer format. The accused stated
that she did verbally promise Bros that when she returned to Cotonou, she
would help him “bring the medicine for him to South Africa”. The accused
guessed that Bros was keeping her return ticket from Cotonou to South Africa
as a “guarantee” so that she would not “run away” with his money when he wired
it to her in Singapore or with his electronic goods after she bought them in
Singapore. Moreover, Bros might also have kept her ticket since he had wanted
her to go back to Cotonou to help “bring the medicine back to South Africa” as
she had promised.

44 The accused also stated that she had travelled to Cotonou to meet Bros
(instead of flying directly from South Africa to Singapore) as Bros had told
her to do so and help him go to Singapore. Bros also told her that he would
sponsor her air ticket from South Africa to Cotonou, and the accused saw this
as a free opportunity to travel to a part of Africa that she had not been to
before. She thought that Bros would also show her the electronic goods and
pass her the money to buy them in Cotonou. It was only in Cotonou that Bros
told her that he would email her the list and wire her the money when she
reached Singapore. The accused also wanted to go to Cotonou to visit Bros as
she had not seen him for many years and would like to “see him face to face
again and see the place where he is working and living”.

The accused’s evidence at trial

45 To the extent that she maintained her position that she did not know that
the Drug was in the Luggage, the accused’s evidence at trial was broadly
consistent with the accounts in her cautioned statement and long statements. I
do not propose to set out the entirety of the accused’s oral evidence, but
will highlight, in this section, some of its more material aspects, especially
those which involved deviations from the accused’s earlier accounts.

46 First, with regard to the accused’s prior relationship with Bros, the
accused’s evidence at trial was that she had first met Bros sometime in
1998/1999 in Johannesburg in church. They had lost touch after 1999 and next
spoke to each other in 2010. Thereafter, they would speak once every two to
three months or once every six months. The accused did not have Bros’ number
saved on her handphone prior to her arrival in Cotonou in October 2013.
Rather, Bros’ number was recorded in a small pocketbook. The accused said that
she and Bros were “not that close”. However, at another juncture, she said
that she and Bros had been in a romantic relationship although it only went to
the extent of kissing but not sexual intercourse.

47 Second, as to the accused’s trip to Cotonou in October 2013, the accused
gave evidence that Bros had told her that he would give her the money to buy
the electronic goods and also show her what to buy when she was in Cotonou.
The accused also wanted to see where Bros stayed. Notably, the accused also
said that what Bros had shown her in Cotonou was not the same as Exhibits
“A2B1”, “A2B2” and “A2B3”:

Q: So, basically, what you saw is some white salt-like substance and you were
told that this is medicine. So, again, would you agree with me that you can’t
be sure that what you were shown are the same item shown in P38, look---
referring to the three bundles of A2B1, A2B2, A2B3.

A: No, they are not the same.

Court: Not the same.

Witness: Yes.

Court: The stuff you saw in the container is not the same as---would you---

Witness: In the container it was---it had liquid.

48 Third, as regards the accused’s departure from Cotonou, the accused gave
evidence that she had packed the Luggage herself and that no one had helped
her to pack it. The black nylon bag and Exhibits “A2A” and “A2B” were not
inside the Luggage when she packed it. On the day of the accused’s departure
from Cotonou (ie, 24 October 2013), Bros had met the accused that morning with
a cab driver. At this juncture, I pause to note that shortly after, the
accused made reference to Bros’ friend being at the airport with them. It
seems to me that this friend is the same person as the cab driver. Apart from
the fact that the introduction of this friend would otherwise be completely
out of the blue, the accused had stated subsequently that she had thought that
she had previously met the cab driver while she was with Bros.

49 Returning to the accused’s evidence concerning the events on 24 October
2013, the accused said that she could not remember whether it was Bros or his
friend who had physical possession of the Luggage as they entered the airport.
The accused had only gone to one small shop. The Luggage was at a place “where
the bags were put in” about five to six metres from the shop. Bros and his
friend were somewhere around the area but not right next to the Luggage. The
accused was only in the shop for around 15 minutes. When she had come out of
the shop, Bros told her that he had bought her a lock and the Luggage was
already locked by then. The accused agreed that Bros had pointed the lock to
her.

50 Fourth, in relation to her arrival in Singapore, the accused’s evidence was
that as she was opening the Luggage at Changi Airport, she saw a small part of
the black nylon bag. The rest of the black nylon bag was blocked by her
clothes which were on top. Notwithstanding what she had said in her long
statement given on 5 November 2013, the black nylon bag was not on top.
Moreover, the accused had only touched the black nylon bag but did not press
it.

51 In her examination-in-chief, the accused stated that when she saw the first
bundle, she “had so many questions on [her] mind”. She asked herself whether
it was food, toys or money. With regard to the toys, this was because there
were toys in Bros’ car or the taxi. The accused continued her explanation of
what was going on through her mind as follows:

A Because it was found in my luggage. Then I thought maybe I should protect it
by---maybe---I must protect, maybe thinking it is food, or maybe Bros is
surprising me with the money that I was supposed to buy the appliances with.

…

Court: Protect?

Witness: When I looked at it, I---I---I was shocked. But when the officer
looked at me, I acted as if I knew it---it were---who---what it was.

…

Q “As if I knew what it was.” Why you want to do that?

A Because it was in my bag.

Q Any other reason?

A Just because it was my bag. I was tired; I just wanted to answer so that I
can go and sleep.

Q Yes.

A I didn’t want to act as it was not mine because it was found in my luggage.

52 However, the accused was not entirely clear as to what she had told W/Ssgt
Dawn the first bundle was. In her examination-in-chief, the accused stated
that she said it was food. Although she initially said that she was not sure
if she had said that it was medication, she subsequently seemed to have said
(at least on one reading of the transcript) that she remembered telling W/Ssgt
Dawn about medication also. In cross-examination, the accused stated that,
with respect to the first bundle, she had said that “it could be food, it
could be toys”. Shortly after giving this evidence, the accused then said that
she could not remember what she had told W/Ssgt Dawn as she had “said so many
things”. The accused even said that she had said that it could be African
food. In addition, she agreed that when W/SSgt Dawn asked her what type of
food it was, she may have said that it could be medicine.

53 When the accused saw the contents of the first bundle, she thought back to
the container that Bros had showed her in Cotonou, and “just said it was
medication”. She told W/Ssgt Dawn that she was taking the medication to South
Africa (although I note that this part of the accused’s evidence is not
entirely clear as to whether she was referring to the first or second bundle,
or both). The accused appeared to have no recollection of the second bundle.

54 A number of points are worth noting. For one, the accused agreed under
cross-examination that at this stage (ie, before she was brought to the ICA
search room), she had told W/Ssgt Dawn that she was supposed to bring
something back to South Africa and pass it to her husband’s brother. By
“husband”, the accused had Bros in mind. Pertinently, however, it was not
clear whether the accused had said this after or before she had seen the
contents of the bundles (or at least the first bundle). The accused also gave
evidence that she did not know whether Exhibit “A2A” or “A2B” was the first
bundle that was taken out. She explained that she had identified Exhibit “A2A”
as the first bundle in the photograph (see [42] above) based on a hole that
was visible at the top of Exhibit “A2A” in the photograph. Lastly, the accused
also agreed that when she had arrived in Singapore, she only had US$844 on her
(although I note that she also had some South African currency and cards) and
did not have a hotel reservation.

55 Fifth, in regard to the recording of the Contemporaneous Statement, the
accused said that upon being served the MDA Notification, she was, variously,
tired, shocked, confused and had lost hope and “gave up hope in everything”.
She was also scared at the thought of being caned. She was confused and wanted
to tell W/Ssgt Dawn that she did not know how the bundles got into the Luggage
and that she thought it was medication. The accused wanted to tell the truth
but W/Ssgt Dawn did not want to listen to her. In her examination-in-chief,
the accused said that she did not remember providing the answers to Questions
7, 9, 10 and 11 of the Contemporaneous Statement. In cross-examination, the
accused appeared to take issue with Questions and Answers 6 to 11.

56 In addition, the accused said that she had told W/Ssgt Dawn that she did
not know how the bundles ended up in the Luggage in the “room” (presumably
referring to the ICA search room).

57 Finally, the accused also testified, for the first time in these
proceedings, that she had taken a medication by the name of Duromine, which
was prescribed to her by a doctor from South Africa. A box of Duromine was
found among the accused’s personal effects when she was arrested. The accused
had started consuming this medication around July 2013 and had taken it
continually. She had last consumed this medication the “last day when [she]
departed from Cotonou”. She stated that the side effects she suffered as a
result of the consumption of this medication were feeling depressed, tired and
sleepy or drowsy. These side effects were doubled the day she arrived in
Singapore, as she was tired from travelling. The accused estimated that these
side effects kicked in “[m]aybe after 3 hours” after taking the medication.
She had told the Investigating Officer previously that she had taken this
medication. A Ministry of Health advisory on the use of phentermine
(supposedly the active ingredient in Duromine) was admitted into evidence.
This advisory states, inter alia:

Members of the public are known to seek phentermine for its ability to help
one achieve rapid and short-term weight loss. Many patients (some suffering
from anorexia nervosa) may have, in their attempts to maintain ongoing weight
loss, disregarded the potential risks of taking phentermine where there is no
clinical need. Such risks include adverse effects such as palpitations, blood
pressure elevation, insomnia, dry mouth, restlessness, tremors, hallucinations
and panic states. In addition, they may experience health complications such
as a compromised immune system, osteoporosis and gastrointestinal disorders,
all related to being underweight. …

…

… As an amphetamine-like stimulant, the risk of both physical and
psychological dependence can occur with long-term use of phentermine. This
risk of dependence appears to be related to phentermine’s stimulant effects.
Withdrawal symptoms such as depression, drowsiness and prolonged sleep have
been observed in patients following the prolonged use of phentermine.

DNA evidence

58 Dr Chuah Siew Yeam (“Dr Chuah”), an Analyst with the DNA Profiling
Laboratory of the HSA, gave evidence that the accused’s DNA was found on (a)
the exterior surfaces and the handles, zip tab and buttons of the black nylon
bag; and (b) the non-adhesives sides of the tape of Exhibit “A2B”. At trial,
Dr Chuah stated that, with respect to (a), it was possible that there had been
a transfer of DNA from the accused’s personal effects in the Luggage to the
black nylon bag. As regards (b), Dr Chuah testified that it was possible for
someone to have his or her saliva drops getting in touch with Exhibit “A2B”
when he or she talked while standing in front of it. It was also possible for
a person’s DNA to be found on the non-adhesive sides of the tape of Exhibit
“A2B” if that person handled a pair of scissors and the same pair of scissors
was given to someone else to cut a portion of the tape of Exhibit “A2B”. Dr
Chuah also gave evidence that the tape of Exhibit “A2B” comprised 79
individual pieces in many layers and her DNA’s analysis did not indicate
whether the accused’s DNA was found at the outer or inner layers of tape.

59 Given the range of possibilities for the presence of the accused’s DNA on
the black nylon bag and Exhibit “A2B”, I do not find that there is any
conclusive proof from the DNA evidence that the accused had handled the black
nylon bag or Exhibit “A2B”.

The presumptions under s 18 of the MDA

60 As the prosecution had proved that the Luggage that the accused had with
her contained 5,380.2g of methamphetamine (ie, the Drug), which is a
controlled drug, the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA that she had the Drug
in her possession is invoked. Under s 18(2) of the MDA, the accused is also
presumed to have known the nature of the Drug. These presumptions are
rebuttable, but the burden rests upon the accused to prove the contrary.

Analysis of the defence

61 The accused’s defence is that she had no knowledge of the Drug in the
Luggage. She did not know how it got into the Luggage or who had put it there.
However, she speculated that it could have been Bros and that this must have
been done in Cotonou between the time she packed the Luggage in the hotel room
and the time it was checked in at the airport, during the periods when she did
not have sight of the Luggage. Under such circumstances, there is no doubt
that the accused is put in the difficult position of proving a negative. If
she were truly innocent, there was nothing she could do to rebut the
presumption under s 18(1) of the MDA other than to relate her side of the
story. The court would have to consider whether she was telling the truth in
the circumstances of the case and in the light of the entirety of the
evidence. I was fully cognisant of the difficult situation she was in and took
this into account when I evaluated the evidence.

62 I first consider the accused’s response when the Drug was first discovered.
To understand this, it is important to consider the accused’s background. At
the time of arrest, she was 43 years old. According to the accused, she is the
mother of two grown sons. She had attended school up to Grade 12 although it
seems that she did not pass the final year. She had worked in a number of jobs
not only in South Africa but also in the United States of America. She was
running her own trading business in South Africa sufficiently successfully for
her to be able to describe her finances as comfortable. She helped her parents
support her younger brother and sister. She was also helping to take care of
her nephew who had a mental disease. She was well travelled; apart from the
United States of America and neighbouring countries in Africa, she had been to
Italy, Ireland, Holland, Belgium, Hong Kong, China and Thailand for business
and pleasure. The manner in which she gave her answers in the witness box
reinforced this picture of a person of normal intelligence who was capable of
looking after herself in South Africa and outside. The accused was also aware
of the perils of narcotic drugs. She said that the only popular narcotic drug
she was aware of was “Nyaope”, which was made from “ARV” tablets for treating
acquired immune deficiency syndrome (“AIDS”). She suspected that the mental
disease of her nephew was caused by his abuse of “Nyaope”. In the course of
her social work in orphanages, she came across ex-addicts of “Nyaope”.

63 It is against this background that I examine the events at Changi Airport
on the night of 25 October 2013. The accused arrived in Singapore after three
flights and two transits spanning 24 hours. She retrieved the Luggage from the
conveyor belt and was confronted by an enforcement officer. Complying with
instructions, she brought the Luggage to be x-rayed. After that, she was asked
to open the Luggage. When it was opened, she saw for the first time, the black
nylon bag. From this black nylon bag, another officer retrieved two blue
bundles that she had also never seen before. She was asked what the bundles
contain.

64 Any person would be shocked by this discovery in those circumstances, and
indeed the accused said she was surprised. An ordinary person with the
background of the accused would not only react with surprise but also
immediately deny knowledge of the bundles. This is because to claim knowledge
of what they contain would be self-incriminating should they contain an
illicit substance. But instead of reacting with surprise to this discovery and
denying knowledge of the bundles, the accused told the officers that they
contained food. When asked what type of food, she said she was not sure, but
added a further detail by saying that she believed it was to be used to make
medicine. She added that she was to pass the bundles to her boyfriend’s
brother who was working as a doctor in South Africa.

65 In her long statement given on 5 November 2013, the accused gave this
explanation for stating that the first bundle contained food (it seems that
for the most part of the accused’s accounts, her responses only pertained to
the first bundle rather than both bundles, but this difference is immaterial).
Firstly, she was tired after a long flight and anxious to get to the hotel and
rest. She therefore wanted to get the process over with quickly. The accused
said that at the airport in Cotonou, she had seen passengers wrapping luggage
and parcels in clear tape before checking them in. She asked Bros about this
and he told her that they were wrapping “stuff such as food”. The accused
figured that this was to protect the parcels against dust and damage. Thus,
when she saw that the first bundle retrieved from the Luggage was wrapped in
similar clear plastic tape, she associated it with food and gave that in reply
to the question from W/Ssgt Dawn.

66 During the trial, the accused gave an explanation in which her observation
at Cotonou airport of parcels being wrapped with similar clear tape did not
feature as prominently. She said that when she was asked what the first bundle
contained:

A I had so many questions on my mind. I was asking myself what it was or maybe
Bros was, surprisingly, putting on food. Or maybe it was toys because … in his
car, it was full of toys or money. I was asking myself, why did he put on this
… what was it?

The accused also said that she acted as if she knew what it was because the
bundle was found in the Luggage and she felt that she had to “protect” it. She
added that she was tired and wanted to give an answer so that she could go to
sleep. This explanation does not quite gel with common sense as she would
realise the danger of protecting something of which she knew nothing about and
which had turned up under suspicious circumstances.

67 Going back to the events at Changi Airport, when W/Ssgt Dawn asked what
type of food it was, the accused modified her answer from food to medicine. In
her long statement given on 2 November 2013, she stated that in Cotonou, Bros
had requested her to bring some medicinal substance for the treatment of AIDS
to South Africa to pass to his brother who was a doctor there. She had seen
Bros handle the substance in Cotonou. In her long statement given on 5
November 2013, she stated that when the first bundle was cut and she saw white
crystals inside, she thought that it was that same substance that she had seen
in Cotonou and therefore told W/Ssgt Dawn that the first bundle contained
medicine.

68 The accused had a further explanation at the trial, which was that she was
also under the effects of Duromine. I note that this was not mentioned in her
long statements. More importantly, those side effects did not seem to have
affected her presence of mind; she was able to overcome the surprise at seeing
the bundles (or at least the first bundle) in her Luggage for the first time
and form the connection with what she had seen and what Bros had told her in
Cotonou to manufacture an answer on the spot.

69 I turn to the next significant event, which is the recording of the
Contemporaneous Statement. In the Contemporaneous Statement (see [16] above),
the accused stated that she was told by Bros that he had placed something
inside the Luggage and wanted her to pass it to his brother when she returned
to South Africa. Bros told her that they contained “some cooking items” and
that she had not suspected that it could be anything else because she trusted
Bros, who was her boyfriend. However, when her cautioned statement was
recorded on 28 October 2013, some three days later, she said that she had no
knowledge of the Drug in the Luggage and that it was Bros who had placed it
there without her knowledge. She maintained this position throughout the
recording of her long statements and in the trial.

70 In her long statement given on 5 November 2013, the accused gave the
following explanation for the Contemporaneous Statement:

… I remembered the lady officer posing some questions and writing them down. I
could not remembered the exact questions but I was asked many times who passed
the bundles to me and I kept answering it was my husband. I did not say I did
not know how the parcels ended up in my luggage and Bros may have put it in my
luggage. I still cannot believe it was drugs and it may be medicine. I just
tell the officers my husband passed the medicine to me to bring it to South
Africa. … Thinking back, I was in a state of shock at that time. If not I
would have clearly told the officers that the drugs were put into my bag by
Bros without me knowing. …

71 The accused’s explanation for the way she reacted when she first saw the
bundles (or the first bundle) does not make much sense. Even if some allowance
is to be given as she was caught by surprise and had reacted irrationally, the
accused continued to spin this story some two hours later when she gave the
Contemporaneous Statement. By this time, she knew that the Drug was believed
to be a narcotic substance and that she was in serious trouble. If she was not
capable of reacting rationally to the situation when she first saw the bundles
(or the first bundle), by the time of the Contemporaneous Statement, she had
some time to reflect over it. Yet, she continued not only with a wholly
untruthful story, but one in which she had some degree of involvement compared
to what she eventually claimed was the truth, ie, that the Drug was placed in
the Luggage without her knowledge.

72 These two events (ie, the accused’s response when the Drug was first
discovered and the recording of the Contemporaneous Statement) must be
analysed alongside the other background facts. One such fact is that the
accused’s story of this being a profitable shopping trip for electronic goods
is not well corroborated by objective evidence. Firstly, she did not have a
list of goods or any cash to purchase the electronic goods, although she
explained that Bros would send her the list and wire her the money. The
accused had said in her long statement given on 2 November 2013 that Bros
would send her the list and wire her the money in Singapore. However, this
does not gel with the necessity of her making the trip to Cotonou. It is quite
illogical that a trip that was supposed to profit from the difference in
prices of electronic goods purchased in Singapore and sold in South Africa
should entail the additional expenses of her flight to Cotonou and hotel
expenses there. When asked about this in cross-examination, the accused said
that one of the reasons she went to Cotonou was to get the list and money from
Bros. The accused also said in court that another reason for going to Cotonou
was to see where Bros lived. She did not quite explain the necessity for this
latter reason and in any event she never saw where Bros lived when she got to
Cotonou. There is therefore a question mark in relation to the purpose of the
trip to Cotonou in the context of the stated purpose of the trip to Singapore.

73 Another relevant background fact is that the financial proposition from
Bros’ point of view does not look particularly attractive. Bros had to finance
the accused’s return air tickets from Johannesburg to Cotonou as well as from
Cotonou to Singapore. He also had to pay for her travel expenses for ten days
in Singapore. There was no evidence to show how importing one passenger’s
baggage entitlement in the form of electronic goods could turn a profit.
Indeed, according to the accused, Bros had to borrow money to finance this.
The only possible explanation aside from profit is that Bros had a romantic or
sexual motive behind this. But according to the accused, this was not the
case.

74 The final background fact pertains to the motive of the person who put the
Drug in the Luggage. The accused believed that Bros was the culprit. Indeed,
based on her story (which is the only one available), Bros was logically the
only one who could have done it. He was the main person the accused had dealt
with prior to her journey to Singapore and subsequent to her packing of the
Luggage. Bros was to be the only person that she would be in contact with
during her stay in Singapore and whom she would meet upon her return to
Cotonou. The Drug contained more than 5kg of pure methamphetamine. Although no
evidence was given of its value, this was more than 200 times the quantity
required for the presumption of trafficking under s 17(h) of the MDA, which is
25g. I can safely assume that the value of the Drug is a sufficiently high
sum. It is therefore not likely, although not impossible, that Bros would take
the risk of entrusting such a large investment on an unsuspecting person,
particularly somebody whom he had been with for only a short period (albeit in
a romantic relationship), had lost touch with for about a decade and had only
just been reacquainted with in 2010. I appreciate that there are any number of
possibilities. Bros might have considered that it might be easier for the
accused to escape detection if she had no knowledge of the Drug. But he would
have to consider the possibility that she might discover it upon unpacking and
might, upon opening it and sensing that it was an illicit substance, throw it
away or surrender it to the authorities. The only way that Bros could have
ensured that this would not happen would be to get to her before she opened
the Luggage in Singapore. However, the accused’s narrative did not indicate
that Bros had instructed her to contact him immediately upon her arrival in
Singapore or that she would be met by anybody here. This aspect of the
accused’s narrative forms another question mark.

Conclusion

75 The most significant part of the evidence was the accused’s reaction when
the Drug was retrieved from the Luggage. She gave the impression that she knew
about the presence of the bundles (or at least the first bundle). Some two
hours later, when the Contemporaneous Statement was taken, she continued
giving this impression with some modifications. She changed her position three
days later in her cautioned statement and subsequently in her long statements.
However, the reasons she gave for not telling the truth on the night of 25
October 2013 are not quite logical. Further, her narrative on the purpose of
her trip to Cotonou as well as of the events there, as noted in [72]–[74]
above, contains too many inconsistencies and does not paint a convincing
picture. I do not find, on a balance of probabilities, that the accused was
not aware of the presence of the Drug in the Luggage. Accordingly, I find that
the accused has failed to rebut the presumption of possession under s 18(1) of
the MDA.

76 By operation of s 18(2) of the MDA, the accused is presumed to have known
the nature of the Drug. There is no evidence advanced by the accused to rebut
this; indeed, based on her defence that she had no knowledge of the Drug at
all, she would be unable to advance any such evidence without contradicting
that defence. Therefore, the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA has also not
been rebutted.

77 In view of the foregoing, I find the accused guilty of the charge for which
she is tried before me and convict her accordingly.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Ma Hanfeng and Kenny Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
N K Rajarh (Straits Law Practice LLC) and Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar Saminathan
(Sterling Law Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

