Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 44

Divorce Transfer No 382 of 2008

Between

AZZ  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

BAA  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Maintenance]

[Family law] — [Custody]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AZZ

  
v

  

BAA

[2016] SGHC 44

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 382 of 2008  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
19 March; 27 April; 4 May; 3, 4 and 18 June; 14 and 30 July, 31 August; and 18
November 2015

31 March 2016

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The husband and wife in these divorce proceedings married in 2003. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim for divorce (“SOC”) at para 1.

They had a daughter in 2004 and a son in 2006. In 2008, the wife commenced
these proceedings relying on the husband’s unreasonable behaviour. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC at para 6.

2 I have now heard the ancillary matters in these proceedings. They comprise:
(a) arrangements for the children; (b) division of the matrimonial assets; (c)
maintenance for the wife; and (d) maintenance for the children. Having heard
the parties’ submissions and considered their evidence, I have ordered that:

(a) The parties have joint custody of the children, with care and control to
the wife and what I consider to be liberal access to the husband;

(b) The matrimonial assets be divided such that the wife receives 41.9% and
the husband receives 58.1% of these assets;

(c) The wife receive no maintenance, now or in the future;

(d) The husband pay maintenance for the children in the total sum of $9,500 a
month and, in addition, pay 50% of any medical expenses which either child
incurs on a single occasion if those expenses exceed $500 and are not covered
by insurance; and

(e) The husband pay the wife the sum of $42,547.02 being arrears of
maintenance due to the wife as at 3 June 2015.

3 In exercising my discretion to divide the matrimonial assets, each party
invited me to draw an adverse inference against the other arising from what
was said to be the other’s failure fully and frankly to disclose the true
extent of his or her assets. For the reasons I give at [116] – [118] below, I
have declined to draw any such inference.

4 Both parties have now appealed against my decision. The husband appeals
against the entirety of my decision. The wife appeals against only that part
of my decision in which I have declined to draw an adverse inference against
the husband in dividing the matrimonial assets. I now give reasons for my
decision.

The parties

5 Both the wife and the husband are wealthy in their own right and successful
in their careers. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Husband’s Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 6 April 2009 (“Husband’s 1st
AOM”) at para 2; Wife’s affidavit filed on 10 April 2008 at para 9; Wife’s
Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 7 April 2009 (“Wife’s 1st AOM”) at para
3.

6 The wife was born in 1972 and is 43 years old. When she and the husband
married in 2003, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 1.

she had already established what is by all accounts a successful career as a
private banker. She continues to be employed as a private banker to this day.

7 The husband was born in 1966 and is 49 years old. He is an investment
banker, most recently employed as the Head of Hedge Fund Sales by a leading
bank. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wife’s Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 8 August 2014 (“Wife’s 4th AOM”)
at para 44.

In January 2007, he resigned his employment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 63.

Although he has been without employment since then, he has continued to deploy
his considerable financial skills in trading and investing his own funds for
his own account. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Husband’s 1st AOM at para 10.

For that reason, he prefers to describe his employment status as self-employed
rather than unemployed.

8 The husband’s evidence is that he gave up employment in 2007 because he
wanted to be a stay-at-home father for his two children, and especially for
his son who was diagnosed in infancy with special needs. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Husband’s affidavit filed on 25 March 2008 at para 6; Husband’s 1st AOM at
para 2 and 9.

The wife rejects this explanation as a lie. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 81 to 84.

She says that the husband has remained without employment from 2007 purely to
gain an advantage in these proceedings. For reasons I will come to (see [76]
below), I agree with the wife.

The marriage

9 As I have mentioned, the parties have two children. The daughter was born in
2004. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at para 4(a).

She is like any other twelve-year-old child, save only for the inevitable
trauma she is suffering as a result of her parents’ divorce.

10 The son was born in 2006. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 4(b).

He was diagnosed as suffering from Williams Syndrome when he was only nine
months old. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of Particulars for Divorce filed on 23 January 2008, para 1(d).

Williams Syndrome is a rare genetic condition characterised by difficulties in
physical and mental development, limited spatial skills and motor control,
intellectual disability and cardiovascular defects. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Statement of Particulars for Divorce filed on 23 January 2008, para 1(d).

As a result, the son suffers from a number of disabilities of a mental and
physical nature and from delays in speech and physical development. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wife’s affidavit filed on 10 April 2008 at para 16; Wife’s 4th AOM at para 85.

11 In October 2007, the wife came to the conclusion that the parties’ marriage
had broken down irretrievably. She put the husband on notice through her
solicitors that she wanted a divorce. She invited him, for the sake of the
children, to resolve their issues out of court and without acrimony. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Husband’s affidavit filed on 25 March 2008 at page 39 and 41.

The wife commenced these proceedings in January 2008.

12 Despite the wife’s solicitors’ letter and despite the commencement of these
proceedings, neither spouse left the matrimonial home immediately. On the
morning of 25 March 2008, however, the wife took both children and left the
matrimonial home permanently. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Wife’s affidavit filed on 10 April 2008 at para 17.

Her evidence is that she did so because she found the domestic situation by
that time to be “unbearable”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Wife’s affidavit filed on 10 April 2008 at para 17.

The parties have resided separately ever since.

13 Although the husband initially opposed the wife’s application for a
divorce, he withdrew his opposition at a relatively early stage. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Husband’s affidavit filed on 13 September 2010 at para 4.

Interim judgment was therefore entered unopposed in 2009. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Interim Judgment 549/2009.

On the husband’s application, that judgment was made final in 2010, even
though the ancillary matters were still pending (cf s 123(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Women’s Charter”) and r 59(3) of the Women’s
Charter (Matrimonial Proceedings) Rules (Cap 353, R 4, 2006 Rev Ed) then in
force). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SUM 15415/2010; RAS 208/2010; Final Judgment 4702/2010.

The husband made the application because he wished to marry Ms X. At the time
of the application, the husband and Ms X had already had one child together
and were expecting their second child. The husband and Ms X have since had a
third child.

14 These proceedings have been long and tortuous, attended at every step by a
dismaying level of acrimony. Husband and wife have levelled serious
accusations against each other, written acrimonious correspondence to each
other and to third parties, used their children as pawns in their battle, made
allegations of physical abuse against each other and filed police reports.
They have taken out numerous interlocutory applications, many of them
unmeritorious, and filed appeal upon appeal, many of them equally
unmeritorious. That is why the parties’ divorce has lasted far longer than
their marriage.

15 I shall deal with the arrangements for the children before turning to the
division of the matrimonial property.

Arrangements for the children

Interim arrangements for the children

16 My decision on the arrangements for the children takes place against the
backdrop of various orders for interim care and control made in these
proceedings. I therefore begin this part of my judgment by setting out the
factual background against which these orders for interim care and control
were made.

17 As I have mentioned, the wife left the matrimonial home with the children
on 25 March 2008. On the very same day, the husband applied for an injunction
restraining the wife from removing the children from the matrimonial home
pending either the conclusion of these proceedings or an earlier agreement
between the parties on arrangements for the children. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SUM 4054/2008 filed on 25 March 2008.

He followed that application two days later with another application seeking
an order compelling the plaintiff to return the children to the matrimonial
home and for both parties to have shared care and control of the children, to
be exercised in the matrimonial home. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SUM 4231/2008 filed on 27 March 2008.

18 On 27 March 2008, pending the hearing of both of his applications, the
husband secured an order granting him interim access to the children every
weekday from 10.00 am to 6.00 pm. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ORC 4443/2008; Defendant’s bundle of documents for submissions dated 4
February 2015 (“DBD”) at page 2 to 3.

19 The husband’s two applications were heard together on 17 December 2008. The
District Judge declined to make any of the orders which the husband sought,
including an order for shared care and control. Instead, she gave the wife
interim care and control. The District Judge did, however, extend the
husband’s interim access considerably as follows: (i) on weekdays from 10.00
am to 6.30 pm; (ii) overnight from Friday to Saturday on alternate weekends;
(iii) on alternating public holidays from 10.00 am to 6.30 pm; and (iv) for
half of the school holidays in June and December. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ORC 49/2009 dated 17 December 2008; DBD at page 6 to 7.

The wife appealed against this decision to a High Court judge in chambers,
praying that the husband’s interim access be restored to that permitted by the
order of court dated 27 March 2008, ie only on weekdays and only from 10.00 am
to 6.00 pm. The High Court judge left the District Judge’s order largely
unchanged, although he did shorten the husband’s weekday access by half an
hour to end at 6.00 pm instead of 6.30 pm. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ORC 3524/2010; DBD at page 9 to 11.

20 On 9 February 2010, when the son returned after access with the husband,
the wife discovered a bruise on the small of the son’s back and scratches on
the back of his neck. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Wife’s affidavit filed on 11 February 2010 at para 5(i).

The next day, 10 February 2010, the wife took the son to Kandang Kerbau
Hospital (“KKH”) for examination and treatment. She notified the husband. The
husband and Ms X went to KKH on the same day. It is not clear whether their
purpose in going there was to see the son or to confront the wife. In any
event, a wholly unnecessary and unedifying confrontation ensued between the
three adults at KKH.

21 On 11 February 2010, relying on the bruise found on the son and relying on
her account of the confrontation with the husband and Ms X at KKH and the
stress which she said it had caused her and the children, the wife applied for
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

SUM 2424/2010 filed on 11 February 2010.

and obtained ex parte an order suspending the husband’s interim access to both
children pending further investigations by KKH’s medical social worker and the
police. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ORC 2278/2010; DBD at page 12 to 14.

In addition, the wife obtained ex parte an interim injunction restraining the
husband and Ms X from harassing her in any manner and from coming within 400m
of her. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DBD at page 14.

22 On 23 February 2010, the return date fixed on 11 February 2010, the wife’s
application for an interim injunction was fixed for an inter partes hearing
together with the husband’s application to set aside the ex parte interim
injunction. In the meantime, the court declined to set aside or to vary the
wife’s ex parte interim injunction. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ORC 3230/2010 dated 23 February 2010; DBD at page 18 to 20.

The court did, however, restore the husband’s access to the daughter, albeit
only for two hours on weekdays (from 10.00 am to 12.00 noon), on a supervised
basis and at a neutral venue. The husband’s access to the son remained
suspended.

23 A number of incidents occurred over the next few months which led the wife
to make police reports 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DBD at page 21 to 31.

alleging that the husband had breached the interim injunction by coming within
400m of her or had attempted to have access to the son, despite that access
having been suspended since 10 February 2010. The wife also applied for a
personal protection order. She eventually withdrew that application after
reaching a settlement with the husband. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 120.

24 On 16 September 2011, on an appeal by the husband against the decision of
the District Court, Philip Pillai J disposed finally of the parties’
applications and cross-applications relating to the 11 February 2010 interim
injunction.

25 Pillai J’s order starts with a clean slate, setting aside all previous
orders for interim access. It then gives interim care and control to the wife
and makes a detailed order for the husband to have extensive access to the
children. In summary, Pillai J’s order permits the husband to have access to
both children: (i) every Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 3.15 pm to 6.15 pm;
(ii) every Tuesday and Thursday from 3.15 pm to 8.00 pm (to permit the husband
to have dinner with the children); (iii) on alternate public holidays from
10.00 am to 6.30 pm; (iv) on alternate one-day school holidays falling from
Monday to Thursday from 10.00 am to 6.30 pm; (v) overnight on alternate
weekends from 6.15 pm on Friday to 2.45 pm on Sunday; and (vi) for alternating
halves of the long school holidays in June and November/December. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DBD at page 34 to 35.

The order even governs issues such as the husband’s obligation to transport
the children for their activities during his access, the mechanism by which
the parents are to be able to take the children out of the jurisdiction and
the wife’s obligation to offer replacement access in the event of illness or
hospitalisation. Pillai J’s order remained in force, with only minor
variations from time to time, up until the hearings before me.

26 Despite the comprehensive nature of Pillai J’s order, it failed to put an
end to the parties’ disputes over access. The wife applied in 2013 to cut back
the husband’s access considerably. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

SUM 6300/2013; DBD at page 37 to 42.

The husband cross-applied seeking sole custody and sole care and control of
the children with the wife to have supervised access only. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

SUM 8719/2013; DBD at page 43 to 45.

In 2014, the husband applied for an order that the daughter be examined by a
court-appointed psychiatrist or psychologist to prepare a report to assist the
court in making its decision on custody and access in relation to her. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

SUM 8621/2014.

All of these applications and cross-applications were stayed pending the final
determination of the ancillary matters. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ORC 11542/2014 dated 30 June 2014; DBD at page 46 to 47.

27 Against this factual backdrop, it now falls to me to make the final
arrangements for the children.

28 In considering my decision, I have kept in mind two key principles. Both of
these are axiomatic but are nevertheless worth restating:

(a) The first is the welfare principle. In deciding arrangements for children,
I must have regard to the welfare of the children as my first and paramount
consideration, to be analysed on all the facts of the individual case: s 3 of
the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed) and s 125(2) of the
Women’s Charter.

(b) The second is the principle of joint and enduring parental responsibility.
The status of being a parent carries with it a complex and interlocking web of
rights, duties, responsibilities and expectations which parents bear in
relation to each other, in relation to the child and in relation to society at
large. Parents remain subject to their parental duties, responsibilities and
expectations throughout the entirety of their children’s childhood. That is so
despite any strain or breakdown which may take place over that period in the
parents’ relationship with each other. One aspect of this principle is
embodied – at least for children born in wedlock – in s 46(1) of the Women’s
Charter. That section establishes that, from the date on which a marriage is
solemnised, the husband and the wife are mutually bound to cooperate with each
other in caring and providing for their children. Although s 46 frames this
aspect as a responsibility which each spouse has to the other, they must
equally have that responsibility as parents to their child and to society at
large.

29 I begin by considering the issue of custody.

Custody

30 The parties are agreed on the principles of law governing my decision as to
who is to have custody of the children. But they are diametrically opposed as
to how those principles should be applied to the facts of this case. I
approach this section of my judgment by summarising the principles which I
must apply, summarising the parties’ positions and then setting out my reasons
for giving the parties joint custody.

Principles governing custody

31 In ancillary proceedings following the typical divorce, there are three
possible orders which a court can make for the custody of a child of the
marriage: (a) the court can make no order as to who is to have custody of the
child: (b) the court can make an order giving both parents joint custody of
the child; or (c) the court can make an order giving one parent sole custody
of the child to the exclusion of the other. The leading case on the principles
guiding the choice between these three alternatives is the decision of the
Court of Appeal in CX v CY (minor: custody and access) [2005] 3 SLR(R) 690
(“CX”). From that case, I distil the following eight points.

32 First, the broad concept of custody comprises two categories of decision-
making relating to a child’s upbringing and welfare: (i) decision-making on
day-to-day matters with short-term consequences; and (ii) decision-making on
more significant matters with long-term consequences. An order for care and
control allocates the former category of custodial decision-making. What is
loosely referred to as an order for custody simpliciter allocates only the
latter, residual category of custodial decision-making: CX at [31]. In the
remainder of this judgment, unless the context otherwise indicates, I shall
use the word “custody” by itself to refer to this residual category of
decision-making.

33 Second, the law of parenthood gives both parents joint custody of every
child of a marriage even after divorce and even without a court order to that
effect. Making no custody order and making a joint custody order upon divorce
therefore have the same effect: CX at [18].

34 Third, the law of custody applies the welfare principle by recognising and
supporting the twin concepts of joint parental responsibility and of life-long
parental responsibility. This is because it is generally in the best interests
of any child for that child to have both parents involved in his life for the
entirety of his childhood, even after they divorce, rather than for that child
to feel abandoned or to be left with the impression that one parent or the
other no longer cares about his welfare: CX at [25] – [27].

35 Fourth, for that reason, and subject always to the welfare principle, an
order for one parent to have sole custody is exceptional. In the usual case, a
child’s welfare is best promoted by making either no custody order or a joint
custody order: CX at [24]. That is because both orders uphold the principle of
joint and life-long parental responsibility and also signal to the child that
both parents will continue to be involved in his life: CX at [27]. All else
being equal, that signal is in the best interests of the child.

36 Fifth, the court should intervene in the parent-child relationship only
when necessary. Thus, the principles set out above warrant the court declining
to intervene in the parent-child relationship by making no custody order, for
example, where there is little risk of future dispute between the parents over
the child’s upbringing, where there is little risk that one parent will
attempt to exclude the other from future decision-making about the child’s
upbringing, where there is a real risk that court-ordered custody will result
in both parents drawing the child into their disputes over their custodial
powers and where the court does not wish judicially to anoint one parent as
the custodial winner and the other parent as the custodial loser: CX at [19].
These same principles warrant the court intervening in the parent-child
relationship by making a joint custody order where, for example, the
circumstances make it necessary to give both parents an express reminder “that
the law expects both of them to co-operate to promote the child’s best
interest”: CX at [28].

37 Sixth, the fear that the parties may not be able to cooperate after the
divorce in making custody decisions, ie decisions on the more significant
matters related to the child’s upbringing with long-term consequences for the
child, is not in itself a reason to make a sole custody order. Custody
decisions, unlike care and control decisions, are fewer in number and are
farther between in time. A court order requiring the parents to make custody
decisions jointly after the divorce therefore does not increase the risk of
future acrimony in the same way that an order requiring them to make care and
control decisions jointly would: CX at [35].

38 Seventh, it is wrong in principle to infer that parents who otherwise share
a genuine concern for their child’s welfare will be unable to cooperate to
promote his welfare after a divorce simply because they have been unable to
cooperate to that end during the divorce. Allowance must be made for the fact
that marital breakdown is, by its nature, highly stressful and that once the
source of the stress ceases operate, the acrimony between the parties may
subside over time. Acrimony between the parents should therefore not too
easily be taken as evidence that the welfare principle warrants an exceptional
sole custody order. As the Court of Appeal said (at [36] – [37]):

36 In this day and age, we feel that the preferable position in the law of
custody is that advocated by the father, ie, to preserve the concept of joint
parental responsibility, even if the parties may harbour some acrimony towards
each other. Often, [parties] rely on the acrimonious relationship of the
parties to argue that joint custody will be detrimental to the welfare of the
child. However, they fail to appreciate the fact that some degree of acrimony
is to be expected when parties are undergoing the stresses of a marital
breakdown. As allegations of wrongdoings and breaches of fidelity can be
hurtful, the time when the marriage breaks down may not be the best time to
assess whether both parents can co-operate for the rest of the child’s life.
We believe that the fear that parties cannot co-operate may be overstated. It
is a quantum leap in logic to assume that the parties’ inability to co-operate
during the period of divorce or custody proceedings equates to an inability to
agree on the future long-term interests of the child.

37 To begin with, most custody cases arise over each parent’s concern for his
or her child’s welfare. We agree with the judge’s observation that the
parties’ relationship may be currently strained but there is room for hope
that they will act in the best interests of the child in future. With the
passage of time, emotions would have quietened down, the parties would have
moved on with their respective lives and they should be able to make joint
decisions objectively in the child’s best interests. …

[emphasis added]

39 Finally, as to when a sole custody order is warranted, the Court of Appeal
in CX said this (at [38]):

… We agree with Assoc Prof Debbie Ong that the exceptional circumstances where
sole custody orders are made may be where one parent physically, sexually or
emotionally abuses the child ... or where the relationship of the parties is
such that co-operation is impossible even after avenues of mediation and
counselling have been explored, and the lack of cooperation is harmful to the
child. ...

40 To the seventh point I have distilled from CX (see [38] above), I would add
only that there is another reason to be wary of attaching too much
significance to ongoing acrimony between divorcing parents in deciding whether
to award sole custody to one of them. Doing so would have the unintended
consequence of giving the divorcing parents a perverse incentive to gain a
tactical advantage by ratcheting up the acrimony in the run up to a custody
decision. Any marriage, even a short one, endows each spouse with an intimate
knowledge of the other spouse’s trigger points. When the parties’ relationship
breaks down, it is all too easy for one spouse to use that knowledge to engage
in ostensibly innocuous behaviour which is in fact carefully calculated to
provoke the other spouse and then to present the retaliatory response to the
provocation to the court as evidence of acrimony warranting excluding the
retaliating spouse from custody.

The parties’ submissions

41 I now summarise the parents’ submissions.

The wife’s submissions

The wife submits that the welfare principle dictates that she should have
custody of the children because she knows the children’s needs and desires far
better than the husband and has consistently used that knowledge over the
years to make decisions in the children’s best interests free of extraneous
considerations. In contrast, the husband should be deprived of custody because
he has consistently acted to promote only his own interests, even when that is
contrary to the children’s welfare. He inevitably and intransigently opposes
anything which she proposes merely for the sake either of vindicating what he
perceives to be his parental rights or even simply to oppose her. This has
created deadlock in joint decision-making about the children which has been
positively detrimental to their welfare. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 104.

That deadlock and the ensuing detriment to the children’s welfare will
continue unless she is permitted to make custody decisions alone after the
divorce.

42 The wife gives the following examples to support her submissions: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 28 to 41.

(a) The parties could not agree which kindergarten the daughter should attend.
The wife wanted the daughter to attend Kindergarten A. The husband acquiesced
in this and allowed the wife to put the daughter’s name on the lengthy waiting
list for Kindergarten A when the daughter was just one year old. That was in
2005, before the parties’ relationship broke down. When the daughter turned
three, in December 2007, nothing had been heard from Kindergarten A. The wife
therefore enrolled her in Kindergarten B. In January 2009, Kindergarten A was
finally able to offer the daughter a place. The wife proposed to accept the
place. The husband insisted that the daughter remain in Kindergarten B even
though he had never before objected to enrolling her in Kindergarten A and
even though Kindergarten A was the more reputable kindergarten offering the
daughter clear educational advantages. The wife had to apply for a court order
to compel the husband to take the daughter to Kindergarten A during his
weekday access under the order for interim care and control.

(b) The parties could not agree which primary school the daughter should
attend. The wife wanted the daughter to enrol at School C, which the wife had
herself attended and at which the daughter would have priority in enrolment.
The husband insisted instead that the daughter should enrol at School D at
which she would have no priority. It took a hearing before Pillai J to break
the deadlock. Pending the hearing, the husband even had his solicitors write
to School C to warn them off enrolling the daughter until the parties had
resolved their dispute. If School C had heeded the husband’s warning, the
daughter ran the risk of not being enrolled in any school.

(c) The parties could not agree which pre-school the son should attend. In
November 2009, the husband proposed moving the son from Pre-School E, which he
had been attending since March 2007, to Pre-School F, which was inappropriate
for the son’s special needs. The only apparent reason was because the
husband’s maid was habitually late in taking the son to Pre-School E.

(d) The parties could not agree which school the son should attend after
completing pre-school. This resulted in the son attending no school at all at
all for almost 18 months. This situation persisted even though the son’s
therapist had opined that being kept out of school was clearly contrary to the
son’s best interests. The wife wanted the son to attend School F, a privately-
run special school which charged fees of $1,800 per month and which carried
certain advantages for the son. The husband insisted that the son attend
School G, a special school run by a voluntary welfare organisation which
charged fees of $14 per month and which carried certain disadvantages for the
son. The husband’s preference for School G appeared to be solely because
School F had failed to supply the husband information rather than the result
of a belief that School G would advance the son’s best interests. The wife
eventually had to file an application for the court to decide whether the son
should attend School F.

(e) There was a significant delay before that application was ready to be
heard on the merits. While waiting for the hearing, a place became available
at School F. The wife accepted the place and enrolled the son there. The
husband’s response was to file an urgent application asking the court to
restrain the wife by injunction from taking the son to School F. He objected
on the grounds that he had not been consulted on the decision. He objected
even though the result of the injunction, if he had succeeded in securing it,
would have been to keep the son out of school for more than two years,
contrary to the son’s best interests. The husband’s application was dismissed.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ORC 13021/2014 dated 17 July 2014.

When the wife’s application for an order permitting the son to attend School F
was ultimately heard, the court accepted her reasons and ordered that the son
remain in School F subject to review.

(f) The parties had a dispute over who was to be the daughter’s mathematics
tutor. Mrs H had been tutoring the daughter at Tuition Centre J. When Mrs H
left Tuition Centre J, the wife wanted to maintain continuity by having Mrs H
tutor the daughter privately at Mrs H’s home on Saturday mornings. But on the
Saturdays when the husband took access with the daughter, he refused to take
her for tuition with Mrs H. He attempted instead to arrange a different tutor
for those days, even though it was not in the daughter’s best interests to be
tutored in the same subject by two different tutors on alternating Saturdays.

(g) In 2008, when the son was only two, ear wax accumulated in his ear canal.
The husband wanted to have the wax removed under general anaesthetic. The wife
was horrified at this suggestion and took the son instead to an ear
specialist. He noted that the accumulation of ear wax was not affecting the
son’s hearing and therefore advised the mother to wait and see if the
accumulation of ear wax would resolve itself over time. The ear specialist
issued a written report opining that: “Given [the son’s] William’s Syndrome
and multiple medical problems, the risk of undergoing … general anaesthesia is
indeed real and high”. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 116.

(h) In 2010, when the daughter suffered frequent nose bleeds, the doctor
consulted by the wife advised that the daughter reduce her intake of dairy
products. The husband then began writing emails to the doctor questioning his
advice. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 117.

(i) The husband’s misplaced desire to pursue his rights rather than the best
interests of the children is exemplified by the belligerent attitude he has
adopted towards the children’s schools. He has, through his solicitors,
demanded information about the children directly from the school rather than
through the wife. He has even made complaints to the Ministry of Social and
Family Development (“MSF”) and National Council of Social Services about the
son’s pre-school, accusing them about unfair treatment for failing to provide
the husband with communications from the school to the parents. When the
husband asserted this right against the son’s pre-school, it pleaded with his
solicitors as follows: “… despite earlier communications, we continue to be
inundated with legal letters requesting information that has already been
communicated. … This takes our focus and resources from our primary role of
educating the child. We urge you and your client to allow the school to focus
on its primary role and not be drawn into answering legal letters”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Report dated 12 January 2015 found in wife’s core bundle (IV) for hearing on 4
May 2015 at page 25.

(j) The husband has even tried to hold the daughter’s school responsible for
preserving evidence for these proceedings. After learning that the daughter’s
school would destroy her counselling journal at the end of the term, his
solicitors wrote a strongly-worded letter to the school to put them on notice
that the counselling journal and any notes made in the course of the
daughter’s counselling were relevant to these proceedings and should be
preserved. Further, the husband accused the daughter’s school of giving the
wife “aid in the psychological abuse of [the daughter]”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at page 446.

The daughter’s school responded by informing the husband his actions “are not
helpful in partnering the School” in the daughter’s education. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at page 447.

43 All this, the wife says, demonstrates that the only order for custody which
is consistent with the welfare principle is an order giving her sole custody
of the children. Only that order will preclude the future deadlock and the
resulting detriment to the children’s welfare which would otherwise be
inevitable.

The husband’s submissions

44 The husband submits that the welfare principle dictates that he should have
custody of the children. He gives the following reasons: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Husband’s closing submissions dated 4 February 2015 for hearing on 6 February
2015 at para 31.

(a) He genuinely loves and cares for the children and has their best interests
at heart. That is why, despite the various obstacles created by the wife and
her best efforts to exclude him from the children’s lives, he has fought when
necessary for his right to see and care for the children and has remained
actively involved in their lives, their education and matters relating to
their health.

(b) Since 2007, he has been a stay-at-home parent. Therefore, unlike the wife
who continues to work long hours as a private banker, he does not have to
depend on maids to care for the children. In addition, he has extensive family
support in his home from Ms X and from his own parents who live with him. As a
result, the children are very happy and comfortable in his home.

(c) He has been the children’s primary caregiver since 2008. As a result of
the interim access order made that year, the children have spent most of their
waking hours over the past eight years with him rather than with the wife,
save for the period in 2010 when the wife had his access suspended without
basis. He is also the parent who ferries the children to school, classes and
therapy during the week as and when required.

45 Further, he submits that the welfare principle dictates that the wife
should be deprived of custody because of her consistently unilateral approach
towards parenting. This approach has four aspects.

46 First, the wife refuses to share information about the children with the
husband. For example:

(a) In 2010 and 2011, the wife instructed the son’s general practitioner and
therapist not to release information about the son to the father without the
wife’s consent. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Husband’s Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 30 June 2011 at para 86(a)
and page 895.

(b) The wife ceased informing the husband about the daughter’s progress at
school. When he wrote to the school to seek information on these matters, the
school responded by saying that it would, in light of the wife having been
awarded interim care and control, communicate only with the wife concerning
the daughter’s education. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DBD at page 75.

47 Second, the wife refuses to include the husband in decision-making on
important matters relating to the children. For example:

(a) In 2008, the wife unilaterally withdrew the daughter from Kindergarten B
and enrolled her in Kindergarten A.

(b) In 2010, the wife unilaterally enrolled the daughter in School C even
though husband and wife had agreed to enrol the daughter in School D, which is
closer to both their homes.

(c) In 2012, the wife made a unilateral decision that the daughter should seek
psychiatric help from a Dr Geraldine Goh without consulting the husband and
without even informing him.

(d) In 2014, knowing that the husband opposed enrolling the son in School F,
and even though her own application for the court to rule on the issue had not
yet been determined, the wife unilaterally enrolled the son in School F,
without consulting or informing the husband. She simply presented it to him as
a fait accompli on the evening before the son’s first day of school.

48 Third, the wife restricts, reduces and denies the husband access to the
children. For example:

(a) In February 2010, the wife secured court-ordered restrictions on the
husband’s access to the children through false allegations of abuse. Further,
when the husband’s access was later reinstated, the wife sought a condition
that the access be supervised even though there was no basis whatsoever for
imposing that condition.

(b) The wife has made false, or at the very least exaggerated, allegations
that the children are fearful of the husband in an effort to reduce his
access. The husband has observed no fear whatsoever on the children’s part
when they are with him.

49 Fourth, the wife is alienating the children from the husband. She has been
engaging in emotional and psychological abuse of the daughter in an attempt to
engender in the daughter a fear of the father which does not otherwise exist.
He claims also that the wife uses the daughter to obtain information about
him. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Husband’s affidavit filed on 20 June 2013 at para 12 to 32.

50 This brief summary of both parties’ submissions gives some flavour of the
acrimony that has attended every step of these ancillary proceedings.

Order for joint custody

51 Having considered the parties’ submissions, and for the reasons which
follow, I find that this is not an exceptional case which warrants a sole
custody order to promote the children’s welfare within the analytical
framework established by CX. In short, I accept each parent’s submissions for
why he or she should have custody while rejecting the other parent’s
submissions as to why the first parent should be deprived of custody. Four
points are significant to me.

52 First, because custody is fundamentally about decision-making, each
parent’s capacity to make decisions to promote a child’s welfare is a
fundamental aspect of a custody decision. In this case, neither the father’s
nor the mother’s decision-making ability is compromised such that he or she
cannot be trusted to participate in decisions relating to the children’s
welfare (cf. AVM v AWH [2015] 4 SLR 1274 at [133]). Indeed, each parent has
thus far demonstrated a well-developed decision-making capacity which they
have applied successfully in their personal and professional lives and, before
the breakdown of the marriage, for the children’s welfare. I am therefore
satisfied, as a threshold matter, that each parent has the fundamental
capacity to make sound decisions to promote each child’s welfare.

53 Second, I am satisfied that each parent genuinely loves each child. Neither
parent alleges otherwise about the other parent. It is true that the wife
suggests that the husband favours his children with Ms X over the children of
the marriage. I do not accept that submission. His children with Ms X are
younger and inevitably place more demands on his time when all five children
are together. But that is no indication of a lack of true paternal love for
the daughter and son.

54 Third, it is significant to me that the incidents which each parent focused
on to argue that the other parent should be deprived of custody arose after
their marriage had broken down and after these divorce proceedings had
commenced. That suggests to me very strongly that it is the inevitable stress
attendant upon any divorce which has caused the parties’ deadlock in making
decisions for the children’s welfare and not any fundamental disability or
disinclination to do so. I therefore cannot, within the analytical framework
established by CX (see [42]), rule out the possibility that the parties will
eventually be able to cooperate as responsible parents once the red mist of
divorce has lifted.

55 Fourth, while it is true that the acrimonious relationship between the
parties and their resulting failure to cooperate in making decisions for the
children has caused difficulties for the children, I find that it has not now
caused harm to the children, and that it is therefore no basis to infer that
it is likely to cause harm to the children in the future. For example, it was
obviously suboptimal that the son was kept out of school for 18 months while
the parents’ litigation over the choice of school was pending. But the
evidence is that his welfare was safeguarded during this interruption in that
he continued to attend private lessons and to receive private therapy.

56 Finally, acceding to either parent’s submission to exclude the other parent
from custody requires me to make a finding of fault. I would have to ascertain
which parent was responsible for both parents’ failure to agree on the many
contentious issues which have arisen in relation to the children’s upbringing
since these proceedings began. I find that an impossible task.

57 I start by considering the many disputed decisions in relation to the
children’s welfare and upbringing on which the parties have found themselves
in deadlock. I have set out at [42] above why the wife says that her position
on these areas was reasonable and the husband’s position unreasonable.
However, the husband has in response given reasons why his position was
reasonable and the wife’s unreasonable.

58 Thus, in relation to the dispute over the choice of the daughter’s
kindergarten, the husband says that both parents agreed to enrol the daughter
in Kindergarten B as a compromise, and that it was the wife who was
unreasonable in wanting to move the daughter out of Kindergarten B after she
had been settled there for a year. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s further submissions dated 27 April 2015 at para 11.

In relation to the dispute over the choice of the daughter’s primary school,
the husband’s response is that in the spirit of compromise, he acceded to the
wife’s wish that the daughter attend one of two schools shortlisted by the
wife, even though his own preferred choice was not on the shortlist. School D
was on the wife’s shortlist. School C was not. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s further submissions dated 27 April 2015 at para 14 to 18.

The wife was therefore reneging on the parties’ compromise by insisting on
enrolling the daughter in School C. As far as the son’s school is concerned,
the husband has given on affidavit several reasons why he considers the wife’s
choice, School G, to be the school least suited out of the five schools in
Singapore in the same category for a pupil with the son’s special needs. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s affidavit filed on 20 June 2013 at para 129.

In relation to his unhappiness with Mrs H as the daughter’s maths tutor, he
points out that the daughter’s results in mathematics declined under Mrs H’s
tutelage and he therefore considered it in the daughters’ best interests to
continue taking tuition at Tuition Centre J rather than to continue to receive
tuition from Mrs H by private arrangement. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s further submissions dated 27 April 2015 at para 31.

59 There is a great deal of truth in the wife’s submissions that the father’s
conduct in these instances shows an unfortunate focus on vindicating what he
sees as his own parental rights or on restraining what he sees as the wife’s
overreach of her parental rights rather than on advancing the children’s best
interests. The reasons which I have set out above at [58] for the positions
taken by the husband have more than a trace of ex post facto rationalisation
about them. I also find that the husband’s approach to third parties such as
the children’s schools has been unreasonable, belligerent and ultimately
inexcusable.

60 On the other hand, I accept that there is some truth in the husband’s
assertion that the wife has acted in certain instances unilaterally, without
consulting or informing the husband. However, I am satisfied that these are
isolated instances arising from the wife’s genuine desire to advance the
children’s best interests against the backdrop of an acrimonious divorce and
are not, as the husband alleges, part of a larger pattern of unilateral
parenting or of attempting to alienate the children from him.

61 If no custody order and a joint custody order were not options available to
me, and I could make only an order for sole custody, either to the husband or
to the wife, I would have unhesitatingly granted sole custody of the children
to the wife. But a sole custody order is not my only option. And on the
authority of CX I find it impossible to say with the requisite certainty that
the husband’s behaviour has been so contrary to the welfare of the children
that it is necessary to exclude him from custody in order to advance their
welfare going forward.

62 In summary, I am satisfied that each parent has not only the capacity but
also the inclination to make decisions which promote the welfare of each
child. I am not satisfied that the deadlock which has arisen thus far has
caused harm to the children. I cannot find that the deadlock is likely to
continue once the parties have been removed from the crucible of divorce. And
I find it impossible to be certain to the requisite degree that either parent
is so predominantly at fault for the deadlock as to justify depriving that
parent of custody.

63 The deadlock that has arisen in this case is nothing more than a temporary
battle of wills. In a successful marriage, a battle of wills is avoided by
trust. The spouses trust each other enough to divide up the labour of
decision-making between them and to defer to each other on decisions taken
within the other’s sphere of responsibility. When a marriage breaks down,
trust evaporates, the spouses reclaim the delegated decision-making power and
deadlock is the result. What has happened in this case, while far from ideal,
is also far from unusual. It does not indicate that an exceptional sole
custody order in favour of either parent is necessary to advance the
children’s best interests.

Significance of the order for joint custody

64 Having concluded that it is in the best interests of the children for both
parents to have custody, I am left with a choice between making no custody
order and making a joint custody order. I consider that the acrimony between
the parties which I have summarised above – while not warranting a sole
custody order in favour of either parent – is an indication that their
relationship is likely to remain sufficiently fraught for sufficiently long
into the future that it is not safe to leave this case with no custody order
whatsoever. I therefore consider it appropriate that I should make a joint
custody order.

65 I take this opportunity to remind both husband and wife, through their
respective counsel, of what should be obvious: they have a responsibility to
cooperate to promote their children’s best interests. I remind the wife that
it is in the children’s best interests for the husband to participate in long-
term and significant decisions concerning the children’s welfare and
upbringing. To that end, she should be open and cooperative with the father
(see CX at [20]) and should not make long-term decisions for the children
unilaterally.

66 In the light of this reminder directed to the wife, I do not find it
necessary to order the wife, as the husband seeks, to provide him information
relating to the education of the children and to give him a right by court
order to obtain information about the children directly from the source rather
than through the wife. I do not believe that it is in the interests of both
parties or of the children for me to regulate by court order yet another
aspect of the parties’ parenting. That would simply provide more fodder for
repeated trips back to the court with complaints of breaches or of
overreaching.

67 I now turn to the husband. I remind him that, if in future he finds himself
opposed to the wife on a particular long-term decision for either child, he
must bear in mind three points. First, for reasons I will come to (see [73]
below), I have granted the wife care and control of the children. That will
inevitably endow the wife with substantially greater insight than the husband
can ever have about each child’s ever-evolving needs and wants, hopes and
fears. That insight will place the wife in a far better position than him to
know what will best promote the children’s welfare at any point in time, both
in the short-term and for the long-term. Second, the wife undoubtedly loves
the children at least as much as he does. He should learn once again to trust
her not to conceive, let alone to advocate or to implement, a decision
affecting either child which would be contrary to that child’s best interests.
Third, his status as a parent carries with it not only the rights to be
exercised on which he has been so focused but also duties to be discharged,
responsibilities to be met and expectations to live up to. He must accept that
discharging his duties as a parent, meeting his responsibilities as a parent
and living up to society’s and his children’s expectations of him as a parent
will sometimes require him to have the wisdom not to insist on exercising a
parental right vested in him.

68 My joint custody order is intended as a signal to both parents that they
have a joint and enduring parental responsibility to advance their children’s
best interests. My joint custody order is also intended as a signal to both
children that both parents love them and will remain involved in making long-
term decisions for their lives. My joint custody order is not, however,
intended as a signal to external parties. It should not be used by either
parent to enjoin external parties to recognise that parent’s “rights” over the
children.

69 Both husband and wife must remember that custody is not an end in itself.
Equally, a grant of custody is not a weapon to be used against the other
parent, much less against third parties. Custody is simply a means to an end:
that of promoting the welfare of the children.

70 If in the future, the husband and wife have different views on a particular
custody decision affecting the children, I expect them to discuss and resolve
their differences rationally, as intelligent and mature adults, focusing only
on the children’s interests and leaving aside their own interests and their
current or historical grievances with the other. All too often in these
proceedings, the parties have resorted to the court to break their deadlocks.
This must not continue. It is inconceivable to me that two parents could ever
be content to let a stranger make an important long-term decision for their
child rather than to work out a solution for themselves. That stranger, no
matter how skilled in the law or conscientious in its application, cannot
decide for a child as parents can. In any event, it is not the court’s
function to be, in effect, the children’s third parent.

Care and control

71 I now deal with the issue of care and control. As pointed out by the Court
of Appeal in CX at [31] – [32], the person granted care and control thereby
becomes the children’s daily caregiver and is responsible for making short-
term decisions for their day-to-day welfare. Like the grant of custody, the
grant of care and control rests also on the welfare principle. In ABW v ABV
[2014] 2 SLR 769, Judith Prakash J explained that the concept of “welfare” is
not subjective, varying from judge to judge, but one which is underlined by
principle and which requires the court to take into account all relevant
factors. As Prakash J said at [23] – [24]:

23 The decision as to what is in the best interests of any particular child
depends on the circumstances of the individual case and the individual child.
However, this does not mean that that decision is a subjective one for the
judge hearing the case. Rather, a number of relevant circumstances should be
taken into account when arriving at a decision. The stability factor is but
one such circumstance. Others include:

(a) the need for both parents to have an involvement in the child’s life;

(b) which parent shows the greater concern for the child;

(c) the maternal bond;

(d) the child’s wishes; and

(e) the desirability of keeping siblings together.

24 The degree to which any one factor or the other is to be given pre-eminence
is not fixed but depends entirely on the facts of each case.

72 At the outset, I should say that I have not for a moment considered
separating the two siblings. The evidence is that they share a close bond 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Dr Geraldine Goh’s report dated 14 January 2011 at page 10/20, found at
Plaintiff’s bundle of documents, Tab 3 at page 55.

which neither party, to their credit, proposes jeopardising by separation. So
the question for me to decide is which parent will best be able to promote the
children’s welfare by providing daily care to both children together and
making day-to-day decisions for both children together.

73 Having considered all of the factors, I have decided that that parent is
the wife. I say that for two reasons. First, I accept that the wife has been
both children’s primary caregiver since birth and is in the best position to
be their daily caregiver going forward. Second, the husband has alienated the
children’s schools and therapists by his unreasonable and belligerent
attitude. I now elaborate on each point.

Wife is primary caregiver

74 The wife submits that she has been the active parent in all aspects of the
children’s development and upbringing both during the marriage and after its
breakdown. I accept that submission. She has taken care of all of the
children’s day-to-day needs from the physical to the emotional to the medical
from the time of their birth to the present. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 70 to 73.

She has been the parent in primary contact with all of the children’s
teachers, therapists and doctors. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Wife’s Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 8 September 2011 (“Wife’s 3rd
AOM”) at para 167.

Most importantly, for present purposes, she took the lead in accepting,
understanding and catering for the son’s special needs from the moment he was
diagnosed with Williams Syndrome in 2007. She immediately joined the Williams
Syndrome Support Group in Singapore and took on a leadership role in it,
thereby revitalising the then-dormant organisation. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 20 August 2013 at para 84; Plaintiff’s written
submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 74.

She also arranged a trip for the entire family to the United States in August
2007 to consult a paediatrician at a leading American hospital who has
extensive experience in dealing with Williams Syndrome. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wife’s 1st AOM at para 22f(v).

While it is true that the husband did send some emails to doctors and
therapists in the United States, I accept the wife’s evidence that he did so,
not of his own initiative, but at her request and on her behalf, on occasions
when her own illness prevented her from doing so herself. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 83.

75 On the other hand, the husband spends a great deal of time on travelling
and leisure activities. This was true during the marriage and remains true
after its breakdown. For example, surveillance by a private investigator
engaged by the wife showed that he spent an average of only 7.3 days per month
at home in the four months from November 2007 to February 2008. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 84.

76 Further, I reject the husband’s assertion that he gave up his employment in
2007 and has remained without employment since then in order to be a stay-at-
home father to both children. I accept instead the wife’s submission that the
husband’s true motive for leaving his high paying job in 2007 was to start his
own hedge fund with a few partners 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 82.

and that he has continued his self-described self-employed status to date in
order to gain a tactical advantage in these proceedings. The most damning
evidence against the husband is his own handwritten note written in 2007 which
reads, “if I get high $ job or should I do divorce b4 high paying job…best get
divorce b4 get job”. I have no doubt that the husband has, since 2007, acted
on his astute and cynical analysis that he would be better off in a divorce by
deferring his re-employment until these proceedings are over. His lack of
employment gives him a tactical advantage in custody, care and control, asset
division and maintenance.

77 The wife’s role as the children’s primary caregiver means that she has the
relationship with the children best-suited to exercise care and control. Dr
Geraldine Goh (“Dr Goh”), a child and adolescent psychiatrist engaged by the
mother, reported to the court in 2011 that the daughter “shares a very close
bond with her mother.” She reported also that the wife’s relationship with the
son is very close whereas the father’s relationship with the son was merely
“adequate”: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at page 433.

Assessment of Relationship of [the son] with Mother

[The son] is very close to his mother. They communicate not only by signing
but pick up each other’s non-verbal cues. The mother is very able to
anticipate his needs and during his tantrums she is able to handle him fairly
well, though sometimes at the expense of injury to herself. As with all
maincare givers [sic], these infrequent meltdowns are not a reflection of
their care but are part and parcel of caring for a child with specialised
needs, and these often give us an indication of how adept the care giver is in
managing it. In this aspect, his mother has been very patient and accepting of
the difficulties.

Assessment of Relationship of [the son] with Father

[The son’s] relationship with his father would be described as adequate at
this point, given the nature of his disorders, his cognitive level and his
emotional needs. As the father’s parenting style is permissive, his
interactions with his father is [sic] relaxed and happy. …

78 While Dr Goh’s report accepts that the relationship between the children
and the husband is a healthy one, it finds the relationship between the
children and the wife to be closer. I therefore consider this a weighty factor
in considering who should have care and control.

79 Although Dr Goh’s report was prepared some years ago, there is nothing in
the evidence before me to suggest that circumstances have changed materially
since then. The husband attacks Dr Goh’s report as being biased. He even
lodged a complaint with the Singapore Medical Council against Dr Goh, accusing
her of overcharging and bias in her report. The wife has deposed that that
complaint was dismissed. The husband has not suggested that the wife is wrong.
I give the husband’s unfounded allegations against Dr Goh no weight.

80 I should point out, however, that my finding that the wife has been the
active parent in aspects relating to the development of the children does not
equate to a finding that, as she submits, she is the parent who is in fact
more concerned with the development of the children. I accept that the husband
is equally concerned as the wife for the children’s welfare. My finding is
simply that the husband and wife display and act on their concern for the
children in different ways; and that the wife’s way of doing so is more
consistent with her exercising care and control over the children.

Husband has alienated children’s schools and therapists

81 I also accept the wife’s submission that she is on better terms with the
children’s schools and therapists than the husband. It is crucial that the
parent who has care and control has a good and healthy rapport with the
children’s schools and therapists who provide the necessary support for the
children’s development. Given the son’s special needs, this is especially
important in relation to the son’s schools and therapists.

82 The husband’s unnecessarily belligerent approach has alienated both
children’s schools. His accusation that the daughter’s primary school was
aiding the mother “in the psychological abuse of [the daughter]” sparked a
robust response from the school (see [42(i)] above). The son’s school
complained of being inundated by letters from the husband’s solicitors
requesting information. He has also made a complaint of unfair treatment to
MSF about the son’s school.

83 There is nothing wrong in itself with the husband making repeated
complaints, and even with him expressing his complaints in intemperate
language. But that is so only if there is a legitimate basis to justify each
complaint and to justify the intemperate language used. The evidence does not
bear out any justification for the husband’s conduct. I find that his
complaints were made not to promote the children’s welfare but either to
insist on his conception of his parental “rights” or simply out of pique.
While I have not held the quality of this behaviour against the husband in my
decision on custody, I do consider that it weighs heavily against him in my
decision on care and control.

Preserve stability

84 I am also conscious that it is ordinarily in the children’s best interests
to preserve stability. The mother has had interim care and control of the
children since 2011. The daughter was six and the son was five when the
interim arrangement was put in place. They are now eleven and ten
respectively. Care and control with the wife has been the status quo for the
best part of their lives.

85 Although the effect of my award of care and control to the mother is to
preserve the status quo, that has not been a significant factor in my
decision. The interim arrangements gave the father very liberal access to the
children: on weekdays, on weekends and overnight. Both parents have therefore
played a significant part in the lives of the children since the wife left the
matrimonial home. In these circumstances, I do not consider that maintaining
stability for the children is a weighty factor in favour of granting the wife
care and control.

Wife’s submissions on injuries to son not accepted

86 The wife submits two additional factors as to why she should have care and
control. In arriving at my decision to award her care and control, I have
rejected both. I should make clear why.

87 First, the wife says that the son returned from access with the husband and
his family on two occasions in 2009 and on one occasion in 2010 with bruises.
Because the son does not bruise easily, the wife’s view is that the bruises
could have been deliberately inflicted. On that basis, she had the husband’s
access suspended and reported the matter through KKH to the child-protection
authorities to investigate. She suggests, therefore, that the husband should
not be granted care and control because there is a demonstrated risk of non-
accidental physical harm to the son while he is with the husband. I reject
that submission. There is absolutely no basis for the suggestion that the
son’s injuries were non-accidental.

88 Second, the wife says that both children feel neglected or secondary to
their three step-siblings in the husband’s new household. It is, of course,
inevitable that the oldest two children in a household of five children will
receive a little less attention than the younger three children. But I find
that these two children do not receive any less time or any less attention in
the husband’s current household simply by reason of their being the children
of the husband’s first marriage.

Conclusion on care and control

89 For all the foregoing reasons, I have decided that the wife should have
care and control. The strong maternal bond between the wife and both children
coupled with the mother’s active and direct role in the children’s upbringing
and her better rapport with the children’s schools and therapists lead me to
the conclusion that the mother is best placed to be their daily caregiver and
to make the associated daily short-term decisions.

Access

90 I now turn to access. In BG v BF [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 (“BG”), the Court of
Appeal explained “[t]he purpose of access is to allow the spouse not having
care and control of the children to maintain regular contact with them” (at
[11]). BG confirms also that the decision on access, like all other decisions
relating to children, is ultimately driven by the welfare principle.

91 I have granted the husband what I consider to be liberal access to the
children. It is true that the effect of my order is significantly to reduce
the husband’s access from that which he has enjoyed under the order for
interim access which has been in place since 2011 (see [25] above). However, I
have concluded that the welfare principle requires me to reduce the father’s
access for two reasons which are no reflection on the husband.

92 First, I accept the wife’s submission that under the existing arrangement,
the husband’s access periods and the travelling time necessary to make that
degree of access possible consume the most part of the children’s waking
hours. The orders for interim access allow the husband access for several
hours after school every weekday until either just before dinner time or just
after dinner time. From Monday to Friday, therefore, the children are
constantly on the go: from home to school to the father’s house back to home.
I do not consider it to be in the children’s best interests for that
arrangement to continue on a permanent basis. A nomadic lifestyle is
disruptive for the children and cannot be in their best interests. They
require stability in their daily lives, particularly as they get older. It is
therefore important that the final orders for access allow them to spend
sufficient time at home during the week to rest, to play and to do their
school work.

93 Second, four years have passed since the orders for interim access were
made. The daughter now has significantly more educational and extracurricular
commitments, both in school and outside school. These commitments will only
increase in the run-up to the all-important Primary School Leaving Examination
which she will take at the end of 2016. The son was not in full-time school
when the interim orders were made, but is now in full-time school. The
children’s increased school hours coupled with the additional time spent on
extra-curricular activities greatly reduces the number of free waking hours
they now have.

94 For both these reasons, it follows that the husband’s access must be
decreased in the best interests of the children. I have therefore ordered that
the husband is to have access to the children on only one weekday evening, and
even then allowing the children enough time to come home after school on that
day and rest. In summary, the husband is to have access as follows:

(a) Every Wednesday from 5.00 pm to 7.30 pm, subject to (c), (d) and (e)
below.

(b) Overnight access on alternative weekends from 5.00 pm on Friday to 2.30 pm
on Sunday, subject to (c) and (e) below.

(c) In odd years, during the first half of the June and the November/December
school holidays. In even years, during the second half of the June and the
November/December school holidays.

(d) Alternate public holidays and one-day school holidays.

(e) In odd years, on the first day of the Lunar New Year from 10.00 am to 7.00
pm. In even years, on the eve of the Lunar New Year from 5.00 pm to 9.00 pm
and on the second day of the Lunar New Year from 10.00 am to 6.00 pm.

(f) The husband may during his access, and the wife may when the husband does
not have access, take the children out of jurisdiction upon seven days’
advance written notice to the other party.

95 I am satisfied that the orders I have made will allow the husband to
continue to maintain his parental bond with the children while allowing the
children sufficient time to establish a sense of rootedness and stability in
their home.

96 Having set out my reasons for my decision on the arrangements for the
children, I turn to the other significant matter, the division of the
matrimonial property.

Division of matrimonial assets

The approach to division

97 In ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”), the Court of Appeal cautioned
against the “uplift” methodology of dividing matrimonial assets because it can
both undervalue and overvalue non-financial contributions. Both outcomes are
undesirable in that both by definition result in a division of matrimonial
assets which is neither just nor equitable.

98 The Court of Appeal has set out the following structured four-step approach
(at [22] to [29]; see also Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne
Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 at [17]):

(a) First, derive a ratio which represents the relationship between the direct
financial contributions of each party towards the acquisition or improvement
of matrimonial assets.

(b) Next, derive a second ratio which represents the relationship between the
non-financial and indirect financial contributions of each party towards the
welfare of the family. This is necessarily a matter of impression and judgment
to be approached in broad strokes.

(c) Then, average the two ratios to derive each party’s overall contribution
to the family. This average forms the basis for the division of matrimonial
assets.

(d) Finally, make any adjustments which are necessary to arrive at a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets.

I must of course adopt and apply this approach.

99 Before I turn to the specific matrimonial assets to be divided, I deal with
two preliminary points: (a) the appropriate method for arriving at the
parties’ direct financial contributions to the matrimonial assets; and (b)
whether an inference should be drawn adverse to either party that he or she
has failed to give full and frank disclosure of his or her assets to the
court.

Method to be adopted

100 Both parties submit that I should use the classification method instead of
the global assessment method. In NK v NL [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“NK”), the Court
of Appeal explained the difference between the two methods (at [30] – [33]).
In the global assessment method, the court makes an overall assessment of the
parties’ relative direct and indirect contributions to the marriage and then
applies that assessment to the entire pool of matrimonial assets. By its very
nature, the global assessment method takes into account the parties’ indirect
contributions only once (at [21]). That assessment must then be reflected
consistently across all classes of assets (AYQ v AYR and another matter [2013]
1 SLR 476 at [23]). In the classification method, the court divides the
matrimonial assets into classes and conducts a separate analysis of the
parties’ direct and indirect contributions to each asset class. This method is
“more appropriate where there are multiple asset classes, and where each party
has made different contributions” to each asset class (at [35]).

101 As NK makes clear (at [33]), neither method is inherently superior to the
other. Both methods are entirely consistent with the legislative framework
provided by s 112 of the Women’s Charter. They are simply different
arithmetical means by which to achieve the same statutory end: dividing the
matrimonial assets in a just and equitable manner. Thus the Court of Appeal
acknowledged in NK (at [35]) that either method would be likely to achieve the
same result in the vast majority of cases.

102 There is nothing in this case which leads me to conclude that, to use the
words of the Court of Appeal in NK (at [35]), either one of the two methods
would be “more principled and conducive to a fair and equitable division”.
This case is, therefore, one of the vast majority of cases in which both
methods would achieve a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
property.

103 I consider the global assessment method to be appropriate to the facts of
this case. I accept what Woo Bih Li J said in YG v YH [2008] SGHC 166 (“YG”)
(at [32]):

In my view, the global assessment methodology is preferable in the present
case. It is in close keeping with the court’s broad brush approach as well as
reluctance to engage in minute scrutiny of the conduct and contributions of
both spouses. It allows for the fact that when parties to a marriage
contribute to the acquisition of assets, they usually do so in good faith
without regard to the question of division or each party’s share in each asset
acquired. For instance, a wife may pay less for the matrimonial home on the
understanding that she will pay more for the family car, but it would usually
be the case that both parties would not have considered whether she should
then have a smaller share in the matrimonial home or a larger share in the
family car.

In the present case, the parties are of roughly equal financial standing, both
in terms of their net worth and in terms of their ability to generate income.
A marriage is no less an economic union than any other type of union. Each
spouse was capable of making equal direct contributions to each of the
matrimonial assets. Further, there is no suggestion that either spouse has
made unequal indirect contributions to any particular matrimonial asset.

104 The fact that there are different classes of assets, in itself, is to my
mind not a sufficient reason to mandate the classification method. The fact
that the pool of matrimonial assets is large is also not a factor against
using the global assessment method. For example, this method was used in Yeo
Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Nancy
Tay”) where the total value of the matrimonial assets was $62.7m (at [62]).

105 In these circumstances, it appears to me that it is entirely appropriate
to consider the pool of matrimonial assets globally.

Adverse inferences

106 Each party invites me to infer that the other party is concealing
matrimonial assets falling within specific asset classes and to redress the
prejudice caused by the concealment by augmenting the first party’s share of
the matrimonial assets in the affected class. This is, in fact, one of the
reasons given by the parties for advocating the classification methodology.
For reasons I will come to, I have declined to draw any adverse inference
against either party. But for that aspect of my decision, I may well have been
inclined to adopt the classification methodology so as to confine the
consequences of the adverse inference to the relevant class of assets.

107 A party who asserts that the other party has failed to disclose
matrimonial assets bears the legal burden of proof on that assertion. In order
to cast even a tactical burden on the other party in respect of that asset,
the first party must at least be able to: (a) present a substratum of evidence
that establishes a prima facie case of concealment by the other party; and (b)
show that the other party has particular access to the information he is
alleged to be hiding, even if that is shown only in the sense that that
information is peculiarly within his knowledge: Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah
[2007] SGCA 21 at [28]; Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 at [62].

108 I turn to each party’s submissions on why an adverse inference should be
drawn against the other party. The submissions on both sides are lengthy. I
will therefore highlight only the key points of the parties’ submissions.

Wife’s submissions

109 The wife advances three reasons why I should draw an adverse inference
against the husband: (a) the husband has been evasive about his assets and
means and has failed to discharge his disclosure obligations; (b) the husband
hides assets through his mother; and (c) the husband’s modus operandi is to
focus on the wife’s assets to enlarge the matrimonial pool while suppressing
his own considerable assets.

The husband is evasive about his assets and means

110 I have accepted that the husband left his high paying job in 2007 to start
another hedge fund with a few partners 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 82.

and that he has remained without employment to date purely to gain a tactical
advantage in these proceedings (see [76] above). The wife submits that the
tactical advantage which the husband has gained in the division of the
matrimonial assets is that he has been able since 2007 to earn an income
without having to account for it. To support her submission that the husband
must be earning an income, the wife points to the fact that he continues to
incur and discharge substantial expenses every month, including credit card
debt, while apparently having no source of funds from which to do so. For
example, in April 2008, the husband’s personal and household expenses were
$34,661.08. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Husband’s 1st AOM at para 43.

The husband’s monthly credit card bills from 2009 to 2011 ranged from $6,600
to $42,100. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Schedule 5 of Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015.

The only inference which can be drawn, she says, is that he is now concealing
the truth about the income he has been earning since 2007.

111 Moreover, the wife claims that the husband has been deliberately
withholding information throughout the course of the proceedings. After
successfully obtaining an order from the court that the husband state his
monthly returns from trading and investing his own funds, the wife was still
not able to tell how much the husband makes per month because the information
was presented in a piecemeal fashion with tables having little or no
explanation.

112 The wife argues that the disclosure given by the husband is also six years
out of date. In his latest affidavit of assets and means, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Husband’s Affidavit of Assets and Means filed on 8 August 2014 (“Husband’s 4th
AOM”).

the husband has not updated his current assets and means. Instead he has
chosen to devote extensive sections of his own affidavit to deal with the
wife’s alleged non-disclosure.

The husband hides assets through his mother

113 The wife contends that the husband hides much of his assets and
investments through his mother. She points to evidence that, over the years,
his mother has transferred a total of approximately $6.7m to the husband while
he has transferred approximately $3.7m to his mother. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at para 220.

The husband explains these transactions as loans between mother and son.
According to the wife, there is no reason for mother and son to be making
repeated loans to each other in this fashion. The husband is a self-made man
of means while his mother is not well-off by any means. In light of this, the
wife submits that these transfers back and forth are not in truth loans: the
husband is simply using his mother’s name and accounts to hide his funds.
Furthermore, the wife points to instances in the past where the husband has
used his mother’s name to avoid tax either by putting his own investments in
her name to mitigate his liability to capital gains tax or by transferring his
income to her to mitigate his liability to income tax.

The husband’s modus operandi

114 Finally, the wife submits that the husband nitpicks at the wife’s assets
and means with the intention of harassing and oppressing her. He has raised
baseless allegations that she has fabricated bank statements. He alleges that
the wife is indebted to him as a result of a series of money transfers between
husband and wife from 2003 to 2007. He lays claim to a number of assets held
by the wife which cannot, on any reasonable view, be matrimonial assets. All
this shows that the husband’s modus operandi in these proceedings is
misdirection: he seeks to shift the court’s focus from his own concealment of
assets by making multiple baseless allegations that the wife is concealing
assets.

115 As a result of the foregoing, the wife invites me to draw an adverse
inference against the husband and to deprive him of the benefit of his
concealment by giving her an uplift of 15% in dividing the known matrimonial
assets.

Husband’s submissions

116 The husband submits that, in truth, it is the wife who is concealing
matrimonial assets. The husband provides as examples the failure of the wife
to disclose the following:

(a) Her beneficial interest in a bank account held with Citibank and a share-
trading account with an online share broker held in the name of her sister-in-
law.

(b) Her rental income from a property in Swiss View.

(c) Her account with HSBC in Perth.

The husband claims that the wife disclosed these assets only when he raised
these matters in his second affidavit of assets and means. This, he says,
demonstrates her evasiveness when it comes to disclosing assets for the
purpose of division.

117 In addition, the husband claims that the wife has failed, throughout these
proceedings, to give a full and honest account of the following:

(a) A property owned by her but registered in the name of her mother and her
sister, for which she receives a monthly rental income of $7,000 to $8,000.
The husband had to obtain a court order to compel the wife to disclose the
particulars of this property. She has yet to comply with the court order,
taking the position that she is not aware of the property’s address because it
is not the wife’s but was instead purchased by her mother as a gift for her
sister.

(b) Her ownership of a company known as Skyline Coast Ltd. The husband points
to various transfers of funds from the wife to that company. The husband also
avers that the wife has not provided any documentary evidence to prove, as she
asserts, that the company belongs to her mother.

(c) Her bank statements, in particular the statements from DBS Vickers and
Merrill Lynch. The husband claims that the wife has not produced monthly
statements of account in respect of the cash balances or cash transactions
with DBS Vickers and that her various explanations in relation to the failure
to disclose them (eg that the documents are not vital or that there were no
statements generated due to inactivity) are flawed and should not be believed.
In respect of her account with Merrill Lynch, the husband claims that the wife
is in breach of a court order requiring her to disclose particulars of the
account including monthly statements. The husband avers that no original
statements have been produced for inspection and the statements were redacted
without informing the husband. He alleges that there is reason to believe that
the statements have been doctored because of the differing fonts used in the
statements.

118 As a result of the wife’s failure to disclose matrimonial assets, the
husband submits that an adverse inference should be drawn against her in
dividing the matrimonial assets.

My decision

119 I decline to draw an adverse inference against either party in this case.
To my mind, any adverse inference I can draw against one party would be met
and neutralised by an adverse inference against the other party. Both the wife
and husband have demonstrated a substratum of evidence that establishes a
prima facie case against the other that there are some assets which have not
been disclosed to the court. It also cannot be denied that each party has
particular access to the information which the other alleges has been hidden.
If I accept one party’s invitation to draw an adverse inference against the
other, I would have to accept both parties’ invitations to do so. Drawing
adverse inferences against both sides would not advance the final aim of
arriving at a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets.

120 In any event, even if I were to draw an adverse inference against only the
husband, I do not consider applying a flat 15% uplift on the affected asset
class to be a satisfactory basis on which to quantify the value of that
adverse inference. To the extent that the wife is unable to point to any
specific asset with a specific value which the husband has concealed, applying
a 15% uplift to the affected asset class is arbitrary and would be neither
just nor equitable. To the extent that the wife is able to point to a specific
asset with a specific value which the wife asserts the husband is falsely
withdrawing from the pool of matrimonial assets, I will consider separately in
my analysis below whether that asset is in truth a matrimonial asset.

121 In the circumstances, therefore, I have decided not to draw an adverse
inference against either party for the benefit of the other.

Exclusion of sale proceeds from the Ardmore property

122 Before assessing and dividing the pool of matrimonial assets, I address a
specific matrimonial asset which both parties have agreed should be outside
the pool. In 2011, the parties agreed to sell a jointly-owned property (which
I shall refer to as “the Ardmore property”) and to divide the net proceeds of
sale comprising $5.618m equally between them. It is common ground that the
Ardmore property is a matrimonial asset. It is also common ground that the
equal division of that asset is the just and equitable division of it, without
going into a consideration of each party’s direct or indirect contributions,
whether to the Ardmore property specifically or to the marriage generally.

123 The parties’ agreement on that issue is not, of course, determinative: NK
at [40]. But both parties before me are financially sophisticated and shrewd.
Further, they reached their agreement against the background of these
proceedings and with the benefit of legal advice. I therefore accept that an
equal division of the Ardmore property is the just and equitable division. In
those circumstances, I decline to exercise my power to divide this particular
matrimonial asset (see Oh Choon v Lee Siew Lin [2014] 1 SLR 629 (“Oh Choon”)
at [15]; Ong Boon Huat Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine (“Ong Boon Huat”) [2007]
2 SLR(R) 729 at [25]).

124 The parties are therefore at liberty to retain their agreed share of the
net proceeds of sale of the Ardmore property. This asset will be left out of
account in assessing the pool of matrimonial assets.

The matrimonial assets

125 I now assess the pool of matrimonial assets which falls to be divided. I
will deal first with real property before turning to the other assets.

Real property

126 In the course of submissions, the husband confirmed through counsel that
he is not pursuing his claim that the following properties are matrimonial
assets:

(a) A property which the wife acquired before the marriage;

(b) A property which the wife acquired using her share of the net proceeds of
sale of the Ardmore property after interim judgment in these proceedings was
made final; and

(c) A property acquired in 1993 and which is not, in any event, owned by the
wife.

The husband also concedes that he does not have sufficient basis to argue that
another property jointly owned by the wife’s mother and sister is a
matrimonial asset. In my view, the husband’s concession in relation to these
four properties is no concession at all. His claim that these properties were
matrimonial properties should not have been advanced and would have failed.

127 The parties agree that the following properties are matrimonial assets:

(a) the matrimonial home; and

(b) the property now occupied by the wife and children.

128 The parties dispute whether the following properties are matrimonial
assets:

(a) two properties in Hillcrest owned by the wife;

(b) a property in Gallop owned jointly by the wife and her sister; and

(c) a property in Cairnhill owned jointly by the husband and his mother.

This Cairnhill property has been sold for a profit of $981,297 and the net
proceeds of its sale are now held in an escrow account pending the outcome of
these proceedings.

129 I shall first determine which of the disputed assets are matrimonial
assets before turning to the valuation of these assets.

The disputed properties

The two Hillcrest properties

130 I find that the two Hillcrest properties are matrimonial assets. The wife
signed the options to purchase the two Hillcrest properties in or around
September 2007, shortly before her solicitors sent a letter to the husband
seeking a divorce. She completed the purchase of the Hillcrest properties in
September 2009, after interim judgment was granted but before it was made
final.

131 The wife argues that the reasoning in Ong Boon Huat should be applied and
that I should exercise my discretion to exclude the two Hillcrest properties
from division even though they are “technically” matrimonial assets given that
they were acquired before final judgment was granted (see Nancy Tay at [40]
where the operative date used was the date on which the decree nisi was
granted). I make two points on this issue.

132 First, the present case can be distinguished from Ong Boon Huat, which had
an unusual set of facts. The wife in Ong Boon Huat wholly disassociated
herself from the purchase of the property and insisted that the husband should
bear the entire risk of the investment. In the present case, there is no
evidence that the parties shared the understanding that only the wife was to
be solely responsible for the risk in acquiring the two Hillcrest properties.
Importantly, it has not been shown that the husband disassociated himself from
the properties. Thus, I do not think that the reasoning in Ong Boon Huat
applies to this case. Although I accept that I have the discretion to decline
to exercise the power of division over a particular matrimonial asset (see
[123] above), I will not do so in relation to the two Hillcrest properties.

133 Second, I note that Ong Boon Huat pre-dates cases such as the
authoritative Court of Appeal case of Nancy Tay which held that “during the
marriage” need not mean up until the time of final judgment (Nancy Tay at [32]
– [36]). This in turn raises the question of what is the operative date which
this court should adopt to determine whether the assets, and specifically the
two Hillcrest properties, constitute a matrimonial asset. On this issue, the
Court of Appeal recognised in Nancy Tay that there is no fixed operative date
and the key consideration is that a just and equitable result be achieved (at
[39]). It is also open to the court to apply different operative dates for
different assets if the circumstances so warrant (Nancy Tay at [36]).

134 The parties in this case agree that the operative date for determining the
pool of matrimonial assets should be the date on which the interim judgment
was granted (ie, 30 January 2009). I am independently of the same view. The
question then is whether I should apply a different operative date for the two
Hillcrest properties in order to exclude them from the pool of matrimonial
assets.

135 I do not consider it appropriate or necessary to apply a different
operative date to the two Hillcrest properties simply because they were
acquired shortly before the wife’s solicitors sent the letter foreshadowing
divorce. This is especially so considering that it is not uncommon for
properties to be regarded as matrimonial assets even when they are acquired
after the commencement of divorce proceedings.

The Gallop property

136 I find that the Gallop property is not a matrimonial asset. I accept the
wife’s submission that this property was a gift from her mother to her and her
sister. Importantly, the property was gifted in 1999, four years before the
marriage. I accept also that the property is financed by the rental proceeds
from the property itself or by the wife’s mother. I note that the wife’s
mother is the guarantor of the loan for this property and that the bank
statements for the joint account, though in the wife and her sister’s names,
are sent to their mother’s residential address. Further, the Gallop Road
property was never substantially improved by either party during the marriage.
It therefore falls outside of the definition of a matrimonial asset.

The Cairnhill property

137 I find that the Cairnhill property is a matrimonial asset. This property
was acquired in November 2006 in the name of the husband and his mother. I
accept the wife’s submission that the husband’s mother made no payment towards
the acquisition of the property and therefore holds only the bare legal title
to the property with no beneficial interest in it.

Conclusion on the properties

138 To summarise, I have found that the following properties are matrimonial
assets: the matrimonial home, the property now occupied by the wife and
children, the two Hillcrest properties and the Cairnhill property.

139 I move now to consider the value of these properties.

Value of the properties

140 The parties are in broad agreement that jointly-owned assets should
generally be valued as at the date of the ancillary hearing while solely-owned
assets should be valued as at the date of interim judgment (Anthony Patrick
Nathan v Chan Siew Chin [2011] 4 SLR 1121 at [23] and [26]). As is typical in
these matters, I do not have a valuation of each asset precisely on the
operative date. I am therefore constrained to use the values available in the
evidence before me which are as close to the operative date as possible. In
this regard, I observe that the value of the matrimonial home has increased
more than threefold, from $2.92m in late 2003 to $9.37m as at June 2014 (which
is the most up to date valuation in the evidence). The following table shows
the net value of the real properties.

Property| Net Value  
---|---  
Matrimonial home(jointly owned)| Approximately $7.739m (as of June 2014 and
after deducting the outstanding loan of $1.63m) 68

##### Foot Note 68

× Wife’s 4th AOM at para 20.  
Property now occupied by wife and children(held as tenants in common)|
Approximately $3.18m(as of July 2014)  
Cairnhill (owned by the husband and his mother as his nominee, ie solely owned
by the husband beneficially)| $981,297 (sale proceeds in 2009)  
The two Hillcrest properties (solely owned by the wife)| Approximately $1.92m
(as at 7 April 2009) 69

##### Foot Note 69

× Wife’s 1st AOM page 13 to 15.  
Total net value of real property| Approximately $13.82m  
  
Remaining matrimonial assets

141 The remaining matrimonial assets fall into three categories: (a) assets in
joint names; (b) assets in the wife’s name; and (c) assets in the husband’s
name. Taking a broad brush approach, I shall leave out of account assets which
have no value or which have only negligible value relative to the pool of
assets. Again, I consider the pool as at the date of interim judgment, and I
use the date of the ancillary hearing as the operative date for valuing
jointly-owned assets and date of interim judgment as the operative date for
valuing solely-owned assets.

Remaining matrimonial assets in joint names

142 The following table shows the net value of remaining matrimonial assets in
joint names:

Property| Net Value  
---|---  
DBS Account| $7,578.72 (as of 30 June 2014)  
Marriott Vacation Club| $31,430.91  
Total Net Value| $39,009.63  
  
Remaining matrimonial assets in wife’s name

143 The following table shows the net value of the remaining matrimonial
assets in the wife’s name:

Type| Property| Net Value  
---|---|---  
CPF| CPF accounts| $9,550.92 $34,500$60,820.14 (as at 28 February 2009)  
Club Memberships| American Club | $110,000 (as at 2014)  
Singapore Island Country Club | $195,000 (as at 2014)  
Tanjong Puteri Golf & Country Club, Johor| $1,245 (as at 2014)  
Cars (purchased after she left matrimonial home but before interim judgment)|
Toyota Estima| $72,958 (as at February 2009)  
Mercedes Benz S350L| $191,933 (as at April 2009)  
Bank Accounts| Bank of America| $17,925 (as at 19 June 2014)  
HSBC HK| $4,524.10 (as at December 2010)  
Malayan Berhad Banking| $4,058 (as at October 2010)  
Citibank (held with sister-in-law)| 50% of $5,280.09 = $2,640 (as at November
2010)  
UOB (account was closed on 19 January 2012)| $18,078.38 (as at 28 February
2009)  
POSB| $713.97 (as at 28 February 2009)  
OCBC (held together with mother)| 50% of $3,930.27 = $1,965 (as at 28 February
2009)  
Insurance Policies| AIA| $37,664 (surrender value as of February 2009)  
| Total net value| $763,575.51  
  
144 I should mention that I find that the shares held by the wife are not
matrimonial assets. The husband has adduced no evidence to rebut the wife’s
evidence that her mother made a gift of these shares to the wife before the
marriage and that the parties did nothing during the marriage substantially to
improve this asset.

Remaining matrimonial assets in husband’s name

145 The following table shows the remaining matrimonial assets in the
husband’s name:

| Property| Net Value  
---|---|---  
CPF| CPF accounts| $33,757.79 $10,244.34$11,059.44 (as at 24 February 2009)  
Club Memberships| American Club| 20,000 (as of April 2009)  
Marriott Vacation Club, Phuket| $25,150  
Cars| Toyota Estima| $60,000 (as at April 2009)  
BMW 630| $150,000 (as at April 2009)  
Bank Accounts| HSBC 611| HK$12.43 (as at 20 January 2009) (I will exclude this
from the calculations given the low value)  
HSBC 152| $35,993.58 (as at 7 February 2009)  
HSBC 157| US$291.15 (as at 7 February 2009) (Given the relatively low value, I
will take it as being about $350)  
DBS 109| $500.67 (as at 31 January 2009)  
OCBC| $998 (as at January 2009)  
DBS 001| $8,477.12 (as at 2009)  
Insurance policies| AIA| $882 (as at April 2009) 70

##### Foot Note 70

× Husband’s 1st AOM.  
Shares (EFG Bank)| Hikari| $76,784 (as at 30 January 2009)  
Cash Value| US$339,450 (as at 30 November 2008) (I will use the figure of
$480,253.86 applying an exchange rate of $1.4148)  
Shares (Schwab HK)| AMDAMKRBRCDLVLTOPWWPALMSANMSTATTotal:|
US$26,280US$162,400US$64,389US$17,769US$6,643US$146,497US$17,160US$106,440US$547,578
which is $796,452.20 applying an exchange rate of $1.4545  
Philips Futures Pte Ltd| | $202,677.62 (as at January 2009)  
Compu-chart Adviser Limited, HK| | HK$257,430 (as at January 2009) I will take this as $48,293 applying an exchange rate of 0.1876  
| Total net value| Approximately $1.961m  
  
Total net value of the matrimonial assets

146 The total net value of the pool of matrimonial assets is approximately
$16,582,575.50 (being the sum of $13.82m, $39,000, $763,575.21 and $1.96m). I
will round the figure up and treat the total pool of matrimonial assets at
$16.583m.

Just and equitable distribution

147 I now adopt the approach outlined in ANJ (outlined at [98] above) to
determine a just and equitable distribution of matrimonial assets. I start by
ascertaining the ratio of the parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial
assets.

Ratio of direct contribution

148 Direct contributions are contributions towards the acquisition or the
improvement of the matrimonial assets (see ANJ at [22]). The parties had a
joint account at HSBC until March 2008 (therefore not reflected above as part
of the pool of matrimonial assets). 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 20 and Plaintiff’s written submissions at para 274.

A substantial amount of the payments towards the acquisition of the real
properties came from this joint account. Having heard the evidence of the
parties, I am satisfied that the monies in the joint account were contributed
mostly, if not solely, by the husband. The wife’s evidence shows that she
treated the funds in this account as belonging to the husband and not as joint
property. Thus, she treated her transfers of her own funds into this account
as repayment of certain debts which she owed to the husband. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Wife’s 4th AOM at para 152.

Further, when the wife was accused of wrongfully withdrawing $80,000 from this
joint account, she justified it as having been taken as the husband’s
repayment of certain debts which he owed her. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Wife’s 3rd AOM at para 44.

To my mind, the wife’s conduct is implicit acceptance that the money in this
joint account was attributable solely to the husband. Therefore, I attribute
the money from this joint account which was used to pay for the properties
solely to the husband.

149 I find that the husband contributed almost 100% of the purchase price of
the matrimonial home and precisely 100% of the purchase price of the Cairnhill
property. The wife financed the Hillcrest properties entirely by herself. As
for the property now occupied by the wife and children, the parties agree that
they paid the down payment and the monthly mortgage instalments in equal
shares. The wife, however, submits that she paid in addition the sum of
$115,979.27 for renovations. On this issue, however, I accept the husband’s
submission that most of the documents produced by the wife as evidence of this
contribution cannot be said to be for renovation works. Most of the documents
produced by the wife evidence payments made for furniture, curtains and
electronic items. These are not, therefore, direct contributions to the
acquisition or improvement of this matrimonial asset. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Wife’s 2nd AOM at page 262 to 309.

I therefore take the parties’ direct contribution to this property as being
virtually equal.

150 The direct contributions of the parties to the properties are as follows:

Property| Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution  
---|---|---  
Matrimonial home| Some parts of the renovations but not a substantial sum|
Approximately $1.2m + $560,325.07 for renovations  
Property now occupied by wife and children| $502,909.40| $502,909.40  
Cairnhill| Nil| $557,000  
The two Hillcrest properties| $1.458m| Nil  
Total direct contribution to the real properties| Approximately $1.96m|
Approximately $2.83m  
  
151 I move on to consider the parties’ direct contribution to the remaining
matrimonial assets. I start with the remaining solely-owned matrimonial
assets. The evidence before me does not show how much each party actually
contributed to each of these remaining assets at the time of acquisition. The
evidence merely shows the value of these remaining assets as at the operative
dates. Taking a broad brush approach, it appears to me that this value is a
reasonable proxy for the parties’ actual direct contributions at the time of
acquisition. None of the remaining matrimonial assets are likely to have
increased in value from the time of acquisition in the same way as the
matrimonial real property has, whether in relative or in absolute terms. I
therefore credit the parties with the full value on the operative date of each
of the remaining assets which they hold in their own name as a best available
proxy for their direct historical contribution towards the acquisition of that
asset.

152 That leaves only the remaining jointly-held matrimonial assets. The value
of these assets is only $39,000. This is not a material sum in the larger
scheme of things. I therefore attribute the value of this asset equally to
each party as his and her direct contribution.

153 The result is that the parties’ direct contributions to all of the
matrimonial assets, including the real assets, are as follows:

Matrimonial Assets| Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution  
---|---|---  
Jointly owned| $19,500| $19,500  
In their own names| $763,575.51| $1.96m  
Properties (as calculated in the previous table)| Approximately $1.96m|
Approximately $2.83m  
Total direct contribution to all the assets| Approximately $2.743m|
Approximately $4.809m  
Percentage of direct contribution| 36.3%| 63.7%  
  
154 I now turn to ascertain the indirect contribution of the parties.

Ratio of indirect contribution

155 I find that the wife’s indirect contributions are as follows:

(a) The children are cared for primarily by the wife. At the time of the
marriage and at the time of the birth of the daughter, the husband was
residing in Hong Kong. The husband moved back to Singapore before the birth of
the son. But even though he lived in Singapore, the husband was rarely at
home. The wife therefore became the primary caregiver for the children. She
made the children her priority, taking care of all their needs. As mentioned
above, the wife took the lead in understanding and addressing the son’s
special needs. The husband on the other hand was rarely at home after he left
his job. He spent much of his time overseas without displaying much interest
in the children until the wife commenced divorce proceedings.

(b) The wife also set up the matrimonial home. As the husband was living in
Hong Kong at the time of the marriage, the wife was the one who personally
oversaw all the major renovation works and additions to the matrimonial home
over a period of nine months. She did this in addition to her work commitments
as a private banker and even while she was pregnant.

(c) The wife played an instrumental role in the husband’s career advancement
in Singapore. On top of supporting her husband with dedication, the wife used
her family connections in Singapore to assist the husband in settling down in
Singapore. She personally helped with his permanent residency application as
well as the application for long term visitor passes for his parents. When the
husband started his own hedge fund, the wife was instrumental in finding
office space, hiring secretarial support and the opening bank accounts.

156 The husband rejects the wife’s submissions as to the magnitude of her own
indirect contributions. He submits that only a small percentage of the
matrimonial assets should be attributed to the wife to account for her non-
financial contributions because the marriage was a short one of about four
years.

157 As for his own indirect contributions, the husband points to the
following:

(a) At all times during the marriage, the wife was working full-time. In
January 2007, the husband left his job to become a stay-at-home father. He
became the primary caregiver of the children after he left his job.

(b) The husband also paid most of the family’s expenses, even after he left
his job. He paid the utilities bill, the foreign worker’s levy, the driver’s
salary and even maintenance and repair bills. The wife paid for the maid for
groceries.

(c) The husband also claims to have been very much involved in the renovation
of the matrimonial home.

158 In my view, a just and equitable ratio of indirect contribution is 55% to
the wife and 45% to the husband. I reach this ratio on a holistic view of the
evidence before me which includes the wife’s role as the primary caregiver of
the two children of the marriage and the fact that the husband frequently
travelled for the first few years of the marriage. In favour of the husband
though, I take into account the fact that the husband increased his indirect
contributions by helping to take care of the children since his employment
ceased in January 2007. Although I have found (see [76] above) that he has
deliberately not sought re-employment in order to gain tactical advantage in
these proceedings, that motivation does not detract from the fact that his
indirect contributions since 2007 did increase, though perhaps not as much as
he self-servingly asserts.

159 I also take into account the son’s special needs. The fact that the son
has special needs certainly does not mean that only the wife’s indirect
contributions increased. I have no doubt that both his parents love and care
for the son and have had to bear in their own way the additional
responsibilities which arise from his special needs. But I am of the view that
his special needs have demanded and received more by way of indirect
contributions from the wife than from the husband. I have therefore augmented
the wife’s indirect contributions by a small margin to reflect this. In my
view, if my assessment of 55% indirect contributions to the wife and 45% to
the husband is in error at all, it is in error because it is overly generous
to the husband.

160 I now turn to the average weighted ratio that should be attributed to the
financial and non-financial contribution.

Average ratio of contributions

161 In ANJ, the Court of Appeal went on to explain (at [26]) that though in
“many instances” the collective indirect contributions made by both parties
carry as much weight as the collective direct financial contributions made by
both parties, there may be instances where one component assumes greater
importance and therefore deserves greater weight than the other. In those
cases, it is open to the court further to calibrate the “average ratio” in
favour of one party to reflect what would be a just and equitable result of
each case.

162 This calibration, as the Court of Appeal stressed, is in all cases a non-
mathematical balancing exercise and a fact-sensitive inquiry which can take
into account a number of factors depending on the circumstances of the case
(at [27]):

The circumstances that could shift the “average ratio” in favour of one party
are diverse, and in our judgment, there are at least three (non-exhaustive)
broad categories of factors that should be considered in attributing the
appropriate weight to the parties’ collective direct contributions as against
their indirect contributions:

(a) The length of the marriage. Indirect contributions in general tend to
feature more prominently in long marriages (Tan Hwee Lee ([18] supra) at
[85]). Conversely, indirect contributions usually play a de minimis role in
short, childless marriages…

(b) The size of the matrimonial assets and its constituents. If the pool of
assets available for division is extraordinarily large and all of that was
accrued by one party’s exceptional efforts, direct contributions are likely to
command greater weight as against indirect contributions…

(c) The extent and nature of indirect contributions made. Not all indirect
contributions carry equal weight. For instance, the engagement of a domestic
helper naturally reduces the burden of homemaking and caregiving
responsibilities undertaken by the parties, and to that extent, the weight
accorded to the parties’ collective indirect contributions in the homemaking
and caregiving aspects may have to be correspondingly reduced. The courts also
tend to give weighty consideration to homemakers who have painstakingly raised
children to adulthood, especially where such efforts have entailed significant
career sacrifices on their part.

163 Bearing these factors in mind, I am of the view that a recalibration of
the average ratio is necessary in this case. I attribute a weight of 70% to
direct contributions and a corresponding weight of 30% to indirect
contributions. I arrive at this weightage because: (a) this was a relatively
short marriage of four and a half years; (b) the pool of matrimonial assets is
large; (c) the parties kept their finances largely separate throughout the
marriage; and (d) the parties had the help of domestic staff (eg, maids and a
driver) which to that extent reduced the weight to be attached to the parties’
indirect contribution.

164 The parties’ average percentage contribution as derived from their direct
and indirect contribution in relation to the matrimonial assets is therefore
as follows:

| Wife| Husband  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions (weighted at 70%)| 36.3%(25.4%)| 63.7%(44.6%)  
Indirect contributions (both financial and non-financial) (weighted at 30%)|
55%(16.5%)| 45%(13.5%)  
Average percentage contributions (weighted 70:30)| 41.9%| 58.1%  
  
Readjustment of ratio

165 I do not consider that any further adjustments to the weighted ratios of
41.9% to the wife and 58.1% to the husband are warranted to account for the
factors enumerated in s 112(2) of the Women’s Charter. Both parties asked me
to take into account the period of rent-free occupation of the other spouse in
a matrimonial asset for the period since the wife left the matrimonial home in
March 2008. The fact is, however, that both parties have lived rent-free in a
matrimonial asset and have not had to incur additional expense for housing
since March 2007. To that extent, I find this a neutral factor. As I am
applying a broad brush approach, I do not consider that the division of the
matrimonial property will be more just or more equitable if I were to take
into account the fact that the husband’s period of rent-free occupation is
likely to be worth more than the wife’s given the relative sizes of the two
properties. Again, if I have erred at all in this aspect of my decision, I
have erred in favour of the husband.

Most convenient means of distribution

166 I am now left to consider what is the most convenient means to distribute
the matrimonial assets. To recap, the total value of the assets is about
$16.583m. The wife is entitled to 41.9% of this sum or about $6.948m. That
leaves $9.635 for the husband. My primary concern in this respect is to
minimise the need to change the ownership of assets held in the parties’
names.

167 I therefore order that:

(a) The wife and the husband are to retain the personal property in their
respective names.

(b) The husband is to transfer to the wife his interest in the property
currently occupied by the wife and children.

(c) The wife is to retain the two Hillcrest properties in her sole name.

(d) As the value to the wife pursuant to orders (a) to (c) above is $5.86m,
the husband shall pay to the wife the sum of $1.1m to make up the rest of her
share of the matrimonial assets.

(e) All other jointly-owned matrimonial assets (including the matrimonial
home) are to be transferred to the husband.

Debts allegedly owed by the wife to the husband

168 The husband further submits that the wife owes him the sum of $473,498.10.
This, he submits, is the debt remaining due to him after netting off certain
transfers of funds made between the spouses for “foreign exchange purposes”
during the marriage. The wife disputes this claim. I decline to take this
alleged debt into account in the division of matrimonial assets. If the wife
is indeed indebted to the husband in this sum, he has a cause of action
against her and is at liberty to recover that sum from her in civil
proceedings. I do not consider a division of matrimonial assets under s 112 of
the Women’s Charter to be the appropriate occasion on which to resolve the
disputes of fact which underlie this claim.

169 I now turn to deal with the two remaining ancillary matters: maintenance
for the wife and maintenance for the children.

Maintenance

Maintenance for the wife

170 The wife does not ask to be awarded substantive maintenance now. But she
submits that she should be awarded nominal maintenance now to preserve her
right to seek substantive maintenance in the future in case her circumstances
change. Counsel for the wife points out that the wife suffers from Graves’
Disease and could in future suffer a relapse.

171 Having considered the matter, it is my decision not to grant the wife any
maintenance at all, whether substantive or nominal. I have arrived at this
decision for the following reasons. First, the wife is highly educated and
financially independent. She earns slightly more than $15,000 a month. Second,
the wife will be receiving under my order a substantial portion of the
matrimonial assets, including the property that she and children currently
occupy and a cash lump sum. That diminishes her need for periodic payments
from the husband by way of maintenance for her own maintenance, whether now or
in the future. Third, the wife comes from a well-to-do family. Her family
members have extended a great deal of support to her over the years, both
financial and non-financial. There is no reason to believe that that support
will be withdrawn now or in the future. Finally, I note that the marriage
between the parties was a rather short one.

172 Given all of these factors, I do not think it would be fair to leave,
hanging over the husband for the rest of his life, a possible future liability
to maintain the wife for the rest of her life. In these circumstances, I award
no maintenance to the wife now or in the future.

Maintenance for the children

173 Under the existing maintenance order dated 7 January 2011, the husband has
been paying $3,000 per month and 50% of certain specified costs incurred by
the wife for the children upon the wife producing the relevant invoices and
receipts. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s written submissions dated 4 February 2015 at para 42.

Arrears of maintenance

174 The husband owes the wife arrears of maintenance for the children
amounting to $42,547.02 accumulated from 2011 to May 2015. The wife seeks an
order in these proceedings that he pay those arrears. Unlike the civil claim
which the husband has attempted unsuccessfully to assert against the wife in
these proceedings (see [168] above), his obligation to pay these arrears of
maintenance arise in these very proceedings and is indisputable. I therefore
exercise my power under s 112(g) of the Women’s Charter to order the husband
to pay the wife, in addition to the sum of $1.1m found above (see [167(d)]),
the sum of $42,547.02.

Future maintenance

175 As for future maintenance for the children, the wife asks that the husband
be ordered to pay a fixed monthly sum of $4,500 for the daughter and $6,000
for the son. She has tendered a table detailing the expenses for each child,
including household expenses and medical and related expenses. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s written submissions dated 3 February 2015 at page 159 to 161.

176 Having considered the table and the submissions by both parties, I accept
that the monthly expenses for the daughter amount to about $3,483 and that the
expenses for the son amount to about $6,379. But I am of the view that some of
the household expenses for the children which the wife has listed in her table
are on the high side. I refer, in particular, to the expenses relating to the
two domestic helpers, listed at $2,443.50, and the expenses for
“clothing/shoes/toys/ stationery”, listed as $1,300. I have therefore adjusted
the figures relating to the household expenses of the children.

177 I therefore order that the husband is to pay a fixed monthly sum of $4,000
as maintenance for the daughter and $5,500 as maintenance for the son. In
addition, I order that the husband shall pay 50% of any medical expense
incurred for either of the two children which is not covered by insurance and
which is above $500 on a single occasion.

Costs

178 Having disposed of the ancillary matters, I turn to the issue of costs.

179 The wife submits that she should be awarded the costs of resolving the
ancillary matters because the husband has unnecessarily prolonged the
proceedings by raising claims in relation to the debt allegedly owed by the
wife (see [168] above), the claim for rental (see [165] above) and even claims
in relation to assets which were clearly not matrimonial property on any view
(see [126] above). Counsel for the wife therefore seeks an order that the
husband pay the wife costs in the region of $60,000 to $70,000 being the cost
of and incidental to these ancillary proceedings.

180 The husband, on the other hand, argues that each party should be made to
bear her or his own costs. Counsel for the husband, relying on JBB v JBA
[2015] 5 SLR 153, submits that the court should not, through a costs order,
increase the acrimony between the parties by signifying a “winner” and a
“loser” in these proceedings.

181 I agree with the counsel for the husband. I note also that this is an
uncontested divorce. I therefore make no order as to costs.

Husband’s further arguments

182 There is a final matter which I ought to mention. After my decision, the
husband asked for an opportunity to present further arguments to me on the
division of the matrimonial assets. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s counsel’s letter to the court requesting an opportunity to present
further arguments dated 4 September 2015.

He argues that I have fallen into error in calculating the parties’ direct
contributions to the pool of matrimonial assets. More specifically, he says
that my error is that I have pooled all of the matrimonial real property and
then credited to each party as direct contributions only that party’s actual
historical contributions. He argues that I should instead consider each item
of matrimonial real property separately and credit each party with the present
net value attributable to that party’s actual historical contribution to that
item of matrimonial real property. He submits that I have adopted that
approach in assessing each party’s direct contribution to the remaining
matrimonial assets, ie the matrimonial assets which are not real property; and
he submits that consistency requires that I adopt the same approach to the
matrimonial real property. The result of this error, he says, is to undervalue
his direct contributions to the pool of matrimonial assets and to overvalue
the wife’s.

183 I set out below a series of tables produced by the husband which
illustrate more clearly the nub of the husband’s argument. The tables set out
on the left reflect my calculations set out in the analysis at [140] – [164]
above and set out on the right the result of the approach advocated by the
husband. As these are intended merely as illustrations, I have expressed all
monetary figures in these tables in millions of dollars rounded off to only
two decimal places.

184 First, I set out a table comparing my calculation of the parties’ direct
contributions with the husband’s proposed calculation. The effect of the
husband’s calculation is to disregard the parties’ respective actual direct
contributions and to allocate to himself all of the value of the matrimonial
home and the Cairnhill property (on the basis that he alone made actual direct
contributions towards acquiring them); to allocate to the wife all of the
value of the Hillcrest properties (on the basis that she alone made actual
direct contributions towards acquiring them); and to allocate to each of them
half of the value of the property which the wife and children now occupy (on
the basis that each of them made equal actual direct contributions towards
acquiring it).

| My calculations(see [150] above)| | Husband’s proposed calculations  
---|---|---|---  
Real property| Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution| | Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution  
Matrimonial home| 0| $1.77m| | 0| $7.74m  
Property which wife and children now occupy| $0.50m| $0.50m| | $1.59m| $1.59m  
Cairnhill| 0| $0.56m| | 0| $0.98m  
Hillcrest| $1.46m| Nil| | $1.92m| Nil  
Total direct contributions to real property| $1.96m| $2.83m| | $3.51m| $10.31m  
  
185 Next, I set out a table comparing my calculation of the parties’ direct
contributions to all matrimonial property, whether real property or otherwise,
with the husband’s proposed calculation.

| My calculation(see [153] above)| | Husband’s proposed calculation  
---|---|---|---  
Assets| Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution| | Wife’s direct contribution| Husband’s direct contribution  
Jointly owned| $0.02m| $0.02m| | $0.02m| $0.02m  
In their own names| $0.76m| $1.96m| | $0.76m| $1.96m  
Real property| $1.96m| $2.83m| | $3.51m| $10.31m  
Total direct contribution| $2.74m| $4.81m| | $4.29m| $12.29m  
%| 36.3%| 63.7%| | 25.9%| 74.1%  
  
186 Next, I set out a table comparing my derivation of the ratio for the
ultimate division of all matrimonial property with the husband’s proposed
derivation.

| My calculation(see [164] above)| | Husband’s proposedcalculation  
---|---|---|---  
| Wife’s contribution| Husband’s contribution| | Wife’s contribution| Husband’s contribution  
Direct contribution| 36.3%| 63.7%| | 25.9%| 74.1%  
Direct contribution (weighted 70%) [A]| 25.4%| 44.6%| | 18.1%| 51.9%  
Indirect contribution| 55.0%| 45.0%| | 55.0%| 45.0%  
Indirect contribution (weighted 30%) [B]| 16.5%| 13.5%| | 16.5%| 13.5%  
Average contribution weighted 70:30 (A+B)| 41.9%| 58.1%| | 34.6%| 65.4%  
  
187 On this basis, and accepting for this purpose my valuation of the entire
pool of matrimonial assets as $16.583m (see [146] above), the husband submits
that he should be awarded 65.4% of that value amounting to a share of $10.84m,
instead of 58.1% of that value amounting to a share of $9.64m. The husband
cites the decision in YG  (at [53]) as authority which considers the parties’
direct financial contributions a matrimonial asset in terms of the net value
of the asset rather than by reference to the parties’ historical actual
contribution towards the acquisition of that asset.

188 The wife in response argues that the effect of the husband’s approach is
to credit to each party as that party’s direct financial contribution to each
item of matrimonial real property the capital gain attributable to each
party’s actual direct contribution to that property at the time of
acquisition. The wife submits that this is incorrect in principle and
unsupported by precedent. She distinguishes YG on the grounds that the court
there was dividing sale proceeds comprising only parties’ CPF funds used to
acquire the property.

189 I have declined to hear the husband’s further arguments. I have done so
for three reasons.

190 First, I do not consider that I have applied an approach to the
matrimonial real property which is different from the approach which I have
applied for the remaining matrimonial assets. My approach in respect of each
matrimonial asset has been to value each party’s direct contributions to that
asset as at the time the asset in question was acquired and became part of the
pool of matrimonial assets. For the matrimonial real property, I have evidence
before me on which to make the necessary findings of the parties’ historical
direct contributions. For the matrimonial assets which are not real property,
I do not have sufficient evidence before me on which to make those findings.
In light of the evidential deficiency and adopting a broad brush approach, I
have chosen to use the present value of the remaining matrimonial assets to
calculate the parties’ direct contributions to these assets. I have done so
not because I consider it appropriate to use the present value of any of these
remaining matrimonial assets to make this calculation, but only because I
consider the present value of the remaining matrimonial assets to be a
reasonable proxy for each party’s historical actual direct contributions to
those assets (see [151] above).

191 Second, I do not consider YG to be authority for the proposition advanced
by the husband. In YG, the principal matrimonial asset to be divided was the
matrimonial home. The court had before it unchallenged evidence that the
husband had made direct contributions of 56% towards acquiring the matrimonial
home while the wife had made direct contributions of 44% (YG at [49]). By the
time of the ancillary proceedings, the matrimonial home had been sold for
$428,000 (YG at [34]). The court thus valued each party’s direct contributions
to the matrimonial home by applying the unchallenged direct contribution ratio
to the net sale proceeds. It appears from the judgment in YG that the court
did not have before it evidence of the actual contributions of the parties to
the acquisition of the matrimonial home. Further, because the matrimonial home
there had been sold, the parties’ direct interest in that asset had
crystallised by the time the court came to value it. It is therefore not
surprising that the court in YG used the net proceeds of sale of the
matrimonial home to value the parties’ direct contributions to its
acquisition.

192 In the present case, I have evidence before me of the parties’ actual
direct contributions towards the matrimonial real property. And unlike the
remaining matrimonial assets, the capital appreciation on the matrimonial real
property is substantial. There is simply no reason for me to attribute the
substantial capital gains on each item of matrimonial real property to augment
each party’s direct contributions, when those capital gains arise simply as a
result of the effluxion of time and not through either party making a further
and actual contribution of monetary value.

193 Third, the effect of the husband’s method of calculation amounts to
applying the classification method to each item of matrimonial real property.
It requires a separate calculation of direct contributions for each such item.
It is clear why the husband advocates this: by far the greatest capital
appreciation – in both relative and absolute terms – has taken place in
relation to the matrimonial home. The husband alone has made direct
contributions to the acquisition of that asset. His further arguments are
therefore motivated by self-interest, not by any disinterested desire to
correct what he considers to be an error or to achieve what he considers to be
consistency in the division of matrimonial assets.

194 I do not consider that the husband’s approach will achieve a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial property. For the reasons I have already
given (see [103] above), I consider that a just and equitable division of all
of the matrimonial property in this case points towards the global assessment
method. Those reasons apply equally to the matrimonial real property. For
those reasons, I consider it just and equitable to treat each party’s direct
contribution towards each item of matrimonial real property to be a direct
contribution to the pool of matrimonial real property and, ultimately, to the
overall pool of matrimonial assets.

195 I add a final point. Even if I had adopted the husband’s approach in
calculating the parties’ direct contributions to the matrimonial real
property, I do not consider it would have made a material difference to my
final decision. The husband’s approach yields a ratio of 25.9% direct
contribution to matrimonial real property for the wife and 74.1% for the
husband (see [185] above). If I had adopted the husband’s approach and arrived
at the same ratio, I would not have considered it just and equitable to attach
greater weight to the direct contributions to account for the short duration
of the marriage and the large size of the pool of matrimonial assets. I would
instead have weighted both direct and indirect contributions equally. If I had
done that, I would have arrived at a final ratio for the division of all
matrimonial property of 40.45% for the wife and 59.55% for the husband.
Adopting a broad brush approach and in light of the size of the total pool of
all matrimonial assets, the variance between those figures and the final
figures which I have arrived at (see [164] and [186] above) are immaterial.

Conclusion

196 For all of the foregoing reasons, I have made the orders summarised at [2]
above, and which are set out in more detail at [64], [89], [94], [167], [172],
[174], [177] and [181] of these grounds of decision.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Tan Chee Meng SC, Sim Bock Eng, Sngeeta Rai and Wilbur Lim (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Imran H Khwaja and Edith Chen (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

