Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 41

Civil Appeal No 136 of 2015

Between

AUA  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

ATZ  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Child] — [Maintenance of child]

[Family law] — [Custody] — [Care and control]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AUA

  
v

  

ATZ

[2016] SGCA 41

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 136 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Quentin Loh J  
21 April 2016

12 July 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is the husband’s appeal against certain orders made in respect of
ancillary matters arising out of a divorce. The marriage broke down after 19
months and the parties entered into a deed of separation (“the Deed”)
thereafter. The Deed made detailed provisions for the parties’ uncoupling,
including matters relating to the care of their daughter, the only child of
the marriage (“the child”). Following the grant of an interim judgment of
divorce, the wife sought to set aside the Deed on the ground of undue
influence while the husband, though seeking to uphold the validity of the
Deed, sought to vary the incidence of care and control of the child, which
resided with the wife in accordance with the terms of the Deed. The High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) held that the Deed had been entered into freely and
voluntarily and that there was no basis to set it aside. While not altering
the care and control arrangement, the Judge varied the terms of the Deed on
the division of matrimonial assets and the amount to be paid in maintenance
for the child. The husband appeals against the Judge’s decision to vary the
Deed on the issues of division and maintenance but not in relation to care and
control.

2 This appeal requires this court to examine what weight it should ascribe to
the terms of a postnuptial agreement concluded by the parties in contemplation
of a divorce when it is required to decide issues relating to (a) the division
of matrimonial assets, (b) child maintenance, and (c) the award of care and
control of the children of the marriage. Each issue engages different legal
interests and considerations and, therefore, the role played by postnuptial
agreements differs in each of them. In the course of our judgment, we will
reaffirm several previous pronouncements of this court on these issues and
elaborate on their requirements.

Background

3 This case involves a whirlwind courtship and a short-lived marriage. In
January 2007, the wife, a lady of Ukrainian descent who was living and working
in Germany, made the acquaintance of the husband, a German who was living and
working in Singapore, on the internet. Matters moved quickly, as things in
cyberspace often do. In March 2007, the husband proposed. In April 2007, the
parties wed. In July 2007, the wife moved to Singapore. She became pregnant
shortly after and delivered the child on 7 March 2008.

4 Unfortunately, the marriage did not last. From 15 November 2008 (about 19
months after they married), the parties began living separately. They soon
took steps to formalise their separation, eventually entering into the Deed on
21 April 2009. The wife commenced divorce proceedings on 18 August 2011 but
this was withdrawn by consent on 17 January 2012 and she filed the present
divorce proceedings on 3 February 2012 on the ground of three years’
separation. This was uncontested and interim judgment was granted on 24 April
2012. Under the interim judgment, the husband was ordered to pay a sum of
$2,950 to the wife each month (comprising $1,500 in maintenance for the child
and $1,450 for the child’s share of the rental expenses). It was stated that
this order on rent was made without prejudice to either party’s entitlement to
challenge the payments during the substantive hearing. After the divorce, both
parties continue to live and work in Singapore and the child presently resides
with the wife, with whom care and control is reposed.

The Deed

5 Given that the Deed lies at the crux of this dispute, we will summarise its
relevant terms. The Deed was negotiated over a period of five months and the
parties were represented by solicitors throughout. For a start, the Deed
provided that the parties had and would continue to live separate and apart
from 15 November 2008 “as if each were single and unmarried and free from the
marital control (if any) of the other” (cl 1.1); that neither would “require
the other to cohabit with him or her and vice versa” (cl 1.2); and that either
of them might commence divorce proceedings three years thereafter with the
consent of the other party (cl 2.1). The Deed also made detailed provisions
for all matters that a court would have to consider in ancillary proceedings
arising out of a divorce: viz, the division of matrimonial assets,
maintenance, and custody and care and control. We will discuss each in turn.

6 On the issue of division, cl 5.1 stated that each of the parties was to
retain the assets in their respective names. Clause 5.2 provided that the
parties’ matrimonial home (a condominium), which had been purchased by the
husband before the marriage and which mortgage the husband had serviced
throughout, was to remain his sole property. In return, the husband was to
arrange for the wife and her child to stay in a separate apartment (cl 5.2).
The Deed recorded that the husband had already paid the deposit of $5,400 for
the rental of a separate apartment and that he was to pay the wife an
additional sum of $2,700 per month as rent (over and above any sums he was
liable to pay in maintenance) for the duration of the tenancy, which was to
expire on 14 November 2011 (cll 3.2 and 3.4). It was stated that after this,
“the Husband shall no longer be obliged to pay for the rent of any
accommodation for the Wife and [their child] and shall only be responsible to
pay maintenance as hereafter set out” (cl 3.4). Additionally, the husband was
to pay a “Divorce Settlement” in the sum of $40,000 to the wife “for her
contribution towards the marriage (if any and which contribution is denied by
the husband)” (cl 3.1). The reason for the proviso, presumably, was to
maintain the husband’s claim to sole ownership of the matrimonial home. This
sum of $40,000 was to comprise the sum of $10,000 which had already been paid
to the wife on 19 August 2008 (cl 3.1); the deposit of $5,400 which the
husband had paid for the rental of the separate apartment, which the wife was
entitled to retain after moving out (cl 3.2); and a sum of $24,600, which was
payable upon the grant of a final judgment of divorce (cl 3.3).

7 On the issue of maintenance, the husband was to pay a sum of $2,300 as
combined maintenance for the wife and their child until 15 November 2011 (cl
3.5). Thereafter, there was only provision made for the husband to pay
maintenance for their child, the sum of which varied depending on the child’s
age and ranged from $1,500–$2,000 per month. The husband also undertook to
provide their child with medical insurance coverage (cl 3.10).

8 On the issue of custody and care and control, it was agreed that both would
have joint custody of the child with care and control being vested in the wife
and the husband being granted “liberal access”. It was also stated that the
wife was at liberty to decide where she and the child were to live, subject
only to the obligation that she inform the husband immediately of the location
of their new home (cll 4.1 and 4.2).

The Judge’s decision

9 The Judge’s decision is reported as ATZ v AUA [2015] SGHC 161 (“the
Judgment”). This was accompanied by a short supplemental judgment (reported as
ATZ v AUA [2015] SGHC 182 (“the Supplemental Judgment”)), which made a minor
correction to the order for maintenance for the child. All paragraph
references in this section will, unless otherwise stated, be references to
paragraphs in the Judgment and not the Supplemental Judgment. The Judge first
held (and the parties do not now challenge) that the parties had entered into
the Deed freely and voluntarily (at [37]) and that it was a valid agreement
within the meaning of s 112(2)(e) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Charter”) (at [47]). She also held that the only significant
matrimonial asset in contention was the matrimonial home, which had a net
value of $1.6m, and so the sum of $40,000 awarded to the wife under the Deed
represented 2.5% of the net value of the matrimonial home (at [56] and [57]).

10 On the issue of division, the Judge accepted that the terms of a
postnuptial agreement which was negotiated with the benefit of legal advice
(as the Deed was) would normally be ascribed “significant weight” in the
division of matrimonial assets (at [51], citing the decision of this court in
Surindar Singh s/o Jaswant Singh v Sita Jaswant Kaur [2014] 3 SLR 1284
(“Surindar Singh”)). However, the Judge held that Surindar Singh had to be
“applied in a nuanced manner”. She explained that the Court of Appeal in
Surindar Singh had only meant to say that the court would be slow to vary a
division agreed upon by the parties in a postnuptial agreement if it were
first satisfied that the parties had “factored all the contributions of each
party” in arriving at the division (at [52]). One situation, she postulated,
in which it might be said that the contributions of all parties had not been
adequately accounted for was where the parties’ continuing indirect
contributions to the marriage “are expected to subsist by reason of
obligations under the marital agreement until a final judgment of divorce” but
were not taken into account in the division. In such a case, it would
“generally be inequitable for one party to not sufficiently recognise these
indirect contributions” (at [53]).

11 On the facts, the Judge held that the division arrived at in the Deed
failed to account for the “prospective (and continuing) indirect contributions
of the [wife] as a caregiver to the child… [from the date of the Deed] until
the point where Final Judgment will be entered” (at [59]). She noted that
under the Deed, the wife was vested with the primary responsibility of caring
for the child after the date of the Deed and that she was also entitled to
relocate to start a new life with the child overseas (at [60]). In the
circumstances, she concluded that the division arrived at in the Deed was not
fair and equitable and ordered that it be varied to provide that the wife
should be given 6% of the net value of the matrimonial home, which amounted to
a sum of $100,000, instead of a sum of $40,000 agreed on in the Deed (at [60]
and [70]).

12 On the issue of maintenance for the child, she held that the sum of $1,500
provided for in the Deed was adequate to cover the child’s living expenses (at
[78]). However, she noted that no specific provision was made for the husband
to pay for the child’s accommodation. Given that the husband was established
in Singapore and financially better off than the wife, she agreed with the
District Judge that he ought to bear half the cost of renting the apartment in
which the wife and child were staying (at [83] and [85]). Thus, she varied the
terms of the Deed to provide that the husband was to pay a total sum of $3,375
to the wife each month: $1,500 in maintenance for the child and $1,875 as the
share of the rent attributable to the child (see the Supplemental Judgment at
[4]). She declined to make provision for graduated increases in maintenance as
the child grew older (as was provided for in the Deed), holding that such
adjustments as might be necessary could be made by way of separate
applications in the future (at [88]).

13 On the issue of care and control, the Judge favoured the preservation of
the status quo. She noted that the child was about to enter primary education
and so it would be “wholly impractical to layer the complexity of the child’s
life with a shared care and control arrangement” (at [109]). In the
circumstances, she upheld the terms of the Deed. She awarded joint custody to
both parties, but granted care and control to the wife with liberal rights of
access for the husband (at [110]).

The parties’ arguments on appeal

14 Mr Ranjit Singh, counsel for the husband, submits that the Judge had erred
insofar as she had departed from the terms of the Deed on the issues of
division and maintenance. He stresses that the parties were represented by
solicitors throughout the process of negotiation and that the wife had the
opportunity to and did in fact make changes to the Deed. He therefore contends
that “full weight” should be given to the provisions of the Deed on the issues
of division and maintenance.

15 On the issue of care and control, however, Mr Singh submits that a
departure from the Deed is warranted. He accepts that the parties should
continue to have joint custody but argues that the husband is a devoted father
who is committed to playing an active role in the child’s life and “deserves”
to share in the care and control of the child. To that end, he seeks an order
for shared care and control to allow the husband to “play a larger role in the
child’s life” and to maintain the integrity of the father-child bond which the
child has enjoyed thus far. He contends this would not, contrary to what the
Judge had held, lead to excessive disruption in the child’s life since both
parties live close to each other.

16 Ms Bernice Loo, counsel for the wife, argues to the contrary on all points.
She submits that the wife has made, and continues to make, substantial non-
financial contributions to the family and the welfare of the child which had
not been reflected in the division in the Deed. This, she contends, suffices
as a “good reason” for departing from the terms of the Deed. Further, she
argues that if the structured approach towards division set out in ANJ v ANK
[2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ”) were applied, the wife would have been awarded a
proportion of the matrimonial assets far in excess of the 6% she has been
awarded by the Judge. On this basis, she argues that it cannot be said that
the Judge’s award is excessive.

17 On maintenance, Ms Loo submits that the provisions of the Deed, if enforced
strictly, would allow the husband to avoid meeting his responsibility of
providing for the child’s accommodation. She therefore argues that the Deed is
clearly not in the best interests of the child and that the Judge was
justified in adjusting its terms. Given the significant disparity between the
financial position of the husband and that of the wife’s, she further contends
that the Judge was right in ordering that the husband shoulder half the cost
of renting the apartment in which the wife and the child currently reside.

18 Finally, Ms Loo submits that the Judge’s decision that care and control
remain with the wife was entirely in keeping with the child’s best interests.
She argues that an order for shared care and control would be excessively
disruptive for the child, particularly since the parties have markedly
different parenting styles. She also points out that the access granted to the
husband by the order of the Judge has already accorded him significant and
substantial access to the child.

Our decision

19 Having carefully considered the arguments presented by the parties, we
allow the appeal in part. We hold that the terms of the Deed should be upheld
insofar as the division of assets is concerned. However, we dismiss the
husband’s appeal insofar as it pertains to the issues of maintenance and care
and control. We now set out our detailed reasons.

Division of matrimonial assets

20 As noted at [9] above, the Judge held (a) the matrimonial home was the only
asset in the matrimonial pool to be divided; (b) the Deed was freely and
voluntarily entered into; and (c) the Deed was an agreement within the meaning
of s 112(2)(e) of the Charter – that is to say, it was made in respect of the
ownership and division of the parties’ matrimonial assets and it was made in
contemplation of divorce and is a factor to be taken into account by the court
when it is deciding what an appropriate division ought to be. There is no
appeal against any of these findings, and the parties do not dispute that
these are the bases upon which this appeal should proceed. The substantial
question which presents itself for decision, therefore, is the weight that
should be accorded to the Deed in the division exercise.

The statutory framework under s 112 of the Charter

21 Section 112(1) of the Charter empowers the court, whether in the grant of a
judgment of divorce or subsequent to it, to order the division of matrimonial
assets in such proportions as it thinks “just and equitable”. In the exercise
of this power, the court is enjoined to take into account the non-exhaustive
list of factors listed in s 112(2) of the Charter, one of which is the
existence of “any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership
and division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce.” As
this court clarified in Surindar Singh at [43], postnuptial agreements fall
within the ambit of this section. In a critical passage, Judith Prakash J,
delivering the judgment of the court, explained that while the presence of an
agreed distribution was only one of the many factors that the court was to
take into account, in the right circumstances, the weight to be given to it
may well be conclusive (at [49]):

Although the Judge is correct that under s 112(2) of the Charter, the presence
of an agreement between the parties in regard to distribution of assets is
only listed as one of the factors to be considered, with respect, this does
not mean that, in all circumstances, such an agreement would have no greater
weight than any other of the listed factors. The factors are a guide to the
court, not a mandatory list of items that must be ticked off and given equal
weight if they exist. To follow such a course would lead to a mechanistic
process of division which would not always be fair. The discretion given to
the court to achieve a just and fair distribution means that if the facts
warrant it one or more factors may be given more weight than the others and
even primacy over the others. In the circumstances of this case, our view is
that the Settlement Agreement should have been given significant, if not
conclusive, weight. [emphasis added]

22 Surindar Singh, like the present case, concerned a postnuptial settlement
agreement: in other words, it was an agreement concluded by the parties to
govern their post-divorce affairs after the marriage had failed. As this court
explained in Surindar Singh at [52], such agreements generally carry
“significant weight” because, in preparing a postnuptial agreement, the
parties would be addressing their minds towards the exigencies of the present
moment (the impending reality of divorce), rather than some future (and
perhaps even quite remote) contingency. The court held that “where parties
have properly and fairly come to a formal separation agreement with the
benefit of legal advice, the court will generally attach significant weight to
that agreement [when deciding on the division of their matrimonial assets]
unless there are good and substantial grounds for concluding that to do so
would effect injustice” [emphasis added] (at [54]). The question, for present
purposes, is whether such grounds exist. In our judgment, they do not.

No good and substantial grounds for concluding that the division in the Deed
would effect injustice

23 The only injustice highlighted in the Judgment was the fact that the Deed
did not appear to take into account the continuing role that the wife would
play in caring for the child from the date of the Deed until the date of final
judgment. The Judge held that the sum of $40,000 awarded to the wife only
reflected the parties’ relative contributions up till the date of the Deed (21
April 2009) and therefore did not adequately take into account the wife’s
continuing indirect contributions to the marriage until its final dissolution
(at [59]). She therefore concluded that the Deed did not reflect a fair and
equitable distribution and should be varied (at [60]). We respectfully
disagree with the Judge that this constitutes a sufficient basis for varying
the agreed distribution. We give three reasons for this.

24 First, we do not agree that in a case like the present the parties’ post-
Deed activities should be taken into account in determining what the
appropriate division of their matrimonial assets ought to be. In particular,
we disagree with the Judge that the cut-off point for the determination of the
parties’ contributions to the marriage for the purposes of the division
exercise ought to be the date of the final judgment of divorce. In our
opinion, this is a case in which the operative date for determining the
parties’ respective contributions to the marriage ought to be the date of the
conclusion of the Deed (ie, 21 April 2009) because that was when the marriage
effectively came to an end. Thereafter the parties were only waiting for time
to elapse before filing for divorce.

25 In ARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 (“ARY”), this court
examined the principles to be applied in determining the “operative date” for
use in ascertaining the pool of matrimonial assets. After an extensive review
of the relevant authorities, the court held that the starting point should be
the date of interim judgment for that was when there was “no longer any
matrimonial home, no consortium vitae and no right on either side to conjugal
rights” (see ARY at [32], citing the previous decision of this court in
Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another [1987] SLR(R) 702 at
[25]). Where these factors are present, it may be said that the marriage has
come to an end and it would be “artificial to speak of any asset acquired
after the interim judgment has been granted as being a matrimonial asset”
[emphasis in original] (ARY at [32]). Although the specific issue before the
court in ARY was different (the composition of the pool of marital assets,
rather than the cut-off date for determining the parties’ contributions to the
marriage), the crux of the inquiry is the same. The question is whether the
marriage still exists in any meaningful sense such that the actions of the
parties, whether in the acquisition of assets, the care of their children, or
otherwise, may properly be said to have been done during the subsistence of
the marriage and should therefore be taken into account in the division
exercise. We therefore apply the ARY principles here.

26 When one examines the Deed, it is clear that the parties’ marital
relationship had come to a close with the conclusion of the Deed. The three
indicia of termination set out in ARY are all present: (a) there is no longer
a matrimonial home – the wife was to move out of the matrimonial home and both
would henceforth live in separate apartments; (b) there is no consortium vitae
– the parties were to live “as if each were single” and would be “free from
the marital control (if any) of the other” (see [5] above); and (c) neither
party had conjugal rights – it was expressly stated that neither party could
“require the other to cohabit with him or her and vice versa” (likewise at [5]
above). The parties recognised it as such and it is clear that as far as they
were concerned the only thing left to be done after the conclusion of the Deed
was to wait for time to elapse so that either one or the other could file the
papers for divorce on the ground of three years’ separation.

27 In the circumstances, it is artificial to say that after the conclusion of
the Deed, the wife should still be given credit for her “indirect
contributions… as a caregiver to the child” (see the Judgment at [59]). We do
not, for a moment, wish to undervalue the role played by the wife in caring
for the child but the point is that following the conclusion of the Deed,
everything the wife did for the child, she did qua mother, and no longer qua
spouse. The parties, particularly the wife, would have known that she would
have to bear the brunt of bringing up the child and moreover that was what she
wanted to do too. That was why the Deed was structured the way it was. There
is therefore no injustice in the fact that the Deed did not appear to take the
wife’s continuing role as primary caregiver to the child into account in
determining her share of the matrimonial assets.

28 Second, and even assuming that we could regard the wife taking care of the
child post the conclusion of the Deed as contributions she made qua spouse (on
the basis that the parties were still legally married), we do not – with
respect to the Judge (see the Judgment at [59]) – agree that that was a factor
which the parties had not taken into consideration when entering into the
Deed. As mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the parties would have known
that after the separation the wife would be the main caregiver of the child;
that was what the wife desired and the parties would have addressed their
minds to this factor in the agreed division of their matrimonial assets. To
say that the parties had not considered that factor is to ignore the obvious,
bearing particularly in mind the manner in which the Deed was drawn up.

29 It must be noted that the agreement reached in the Deed was the product of
lengthy negotiations between the parties who were both legally represented
throughout the five-month process. The wife was represented by M/s T L Yap &
Associates while the husband was represented by M/s Bernard & Rada Law
Corporation. Opportunities were given to the wife to propose alterations and
she did. Some of them were accepted, eg, the settlement sum was increased from
$30,000 to $40,000. As we noted above at [20], the Judge held that there were
no vitiating factors and there is no appeal against this decision. Unless
there are vitiating factors, it seems to us that the appropriate conclusion to
be drawn is that the Deed reflected what both parties thought was fair and
reasonable, bearing in mind the parties’ agreement that the wife would be the
child’s primary caregiver following the date of the Deed.

30 Finally, we consider that the Judge had not given adequate consideration to
the principle that agreements (even marital agreements) must be kept. In her
analysis of Surindar Singh, the Judge said that the case stood for the narrow
proposition that “a court should be slow to vary the marital agreement on the
ground that it would have given a different percentage taking into account
those very same contributions made during the marriage which are typically
assessed retrospectively” [emphasis in original] (see the Judgment at [52]).
Implicit in this is the assumption that a marital agreement is only useful
insofar as it represents the parties’ assessment of their direct and indirect
contributions to the marriage. With respect, we hold that this is too narrow a
reading of the ratio of Surindar Singh.

31 It is a matter of common sense and justice that the existence of an
agreement for the division of matrimonial assets in contemplation of divorce
should be accorded due weight when the court decides what is a just and
equitable distribution. But what is perhaps less clear is that there are two
distinct and separate reasons for this. The first is that the agreed division
provides a useful tool for the court to determine what the proper proportions
of the parties’ relative direct and indirect contributions to the marriage
were. The assumption is that the parties who are negotiating (particularly
where they are represented by solicitors) do so rationally and with full
knowledge of their respective contributions to the marriage and what they
agree on must represent what in their view is a just and equitable
distribution. This was what this court had in mind when it stated at [54] of
Surindar Singh that “the parties to a marriage are in the best position to
determine what is a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets
based on their own assessment of each party’s direct and indirect
contributions” and that, due to the “inherent limitations of fact-finding in
the litigation process”, the court would readily defer to the parties’
assessment on this matter.

32 The second has to do with the principle that promises are binding and
agreements must be kept. This is an elementary principle of justice and
fairness. Simply put, if parties have reached an agreement on division which
they have freely and advisedly entered into, then it is surely “just and
equitable” that the terms of this agreement are adhered to. We recognise that
the distributions accepted in a postnuptial agreement will not necessarily
reflect what the parties would have received had they gone to court for
adjudication. However, this can hardly be surprising. All settlement
agreements, no less marital agreements, are a product of compromise. The
distributions entered into reflect the benefits, both tangible (in terms of
saved legal costs) and intangible (the psychological value of repose), of
dispute avoidance. Parties often accept less than what they would otherwise
properly be entitled to in order to find closure. This is entirely
understandable, and it is also to be expected and respected. As Choo Han Teck
J aptly observed, albeit in the context of whether a consent order should be
rescinded, in Lee Min Jai v Chua Cheow Koon [2005] 1 SLR(R) 548 at [5] (cited
with approval in Surindar Singh at [55]):

… Privately settled terms in respect of the ancillary matters in a divorce may
not always appear to be fair. But divorce is a very personal matter, and each
party would have his own private reasons for demanding, or acquiescing, to any
given term or condition in the ultimate settlement. …

33 When seen in this light, an agreed division which does not reflect the
parties’ strict legal entitlements or preferred positions can still be one
that is fair and equitable, particularly if the parties have freely and
voluntarily entered into the agreement with full knowledge of the relevant
circumstances and the matters to be considered. Taking these points into
account, it seems to us that significant weight should be attached to the
Deed, both because it is an indication of what the parties thought was just
and equitable, given their respective direct and indirect contributions to the
marriage (which no one knows better than themselves), and also because it
represents the product of a considered compromise which was reached after a
period of negotiations attended by legal advice and should be given full
effect.

Conclusion on the issue of division

34 For the foregoing reasons, in our judgment, there are no “good and
substantial grounds” to conclude that the present arrangement would effect
injustice. On the contrary, we are of the view that this is a case in which
the division agreed upon carries almost conclusive weight and should be
accorded primacy. We therefore reinstate the original terms of the Deed and
hold that the husband should only be liable to pay the wife $40,000 as her
share of the matrimonial assets. In accordance with the Deed, the payments
already made to the wife under cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the Deed (that is, the
upfront payment of $10,000 made on 19 November 2008 and the deposit of $5,400
paid for the apartment which the wife and child moved into immediately after
the parties’ separation and which she was entitled to retain when she moved
out) are to be deducted from this sum of $40,000.

35 Given our analysis on this issue, it is not necessary for us to analyse
this case along the lines of the framework set out in ANJ, as the parties have
done in their respective cases. On this point, we wish only to reiterate what
we said at [28] of ANJ, which was that the approach we set out there is
“germane to the general run of matrimonial cases where the parties’ direct and
indirect contributions are the only two factors engaged” and the court is
asked to determine the matter of the division of matrimonial cases de novo.
This is not such a case. Here, there is a detailed postnuptial agreement. We
therefore consider that the more appropriate methodology is to examine the
division set out in the Deed before determining whether any alterations are
necessary, and that is how we have approached this issue.

36 We might be prepared to agree with Ms Loo where she contends that a
different result might be reached if this court were to determine the matter
of division afresh without reference to the Deed. However, this is not enough.
As we emphasised in Surindar Singh at [56], the fact that a court “might have
made a different distribution than that agreed to [by the parties]” is not a
sufficient basis for saying that there is injustice which warrants a departure
from an agreed distribution. Instead, “[t]he grounds for disregarding such a
separation agreement would have to be more substantial than a slight
difference of opinion on the fairness of the distribution provided for by the
agreement.” No such grounds are present here.

Maintenance for the child

37 We turn now to the issue of maintenance for the child. The Judge approached
this issue in two parts. She first began by considering how much the husband
ought to contribute towards the child’s personal and household expenses. She
rejected the wife’s submission of $2,790 as excessive and held that a sum of
$1,500 be ordered instead. She then turned to consider the issue of the
child’s accommodation as a separate matter. She rejected the wife’s submission
that the husband ought to bear the full cost of the rental and instead held
that “in principle, the [husband] has to provide accommodation for the child
and bear one half of the rent of an accommodation” (see the Judgment at [81]).

38 The husband appeals only against that part of the Judge’s order that
provides that he is to shoulder half of the cost of renting the apartment the
wife and child are currently staying in; he takes no issue with the order that
he pay a sum of $1,500 for the child’s living expenses. Mr Singh points out
that the Deed clearly contemplates that the husband’s obligation to pay for
rent would cease after November 2011 and submits that it would be unfair to
allow the wife to renege on the Deed since it was part of a comprehensive
settlement in which the husband was obliged to and did pay for the full cost
of renting an apartment for the first three years after the parties’
separation. He therefore contends that the husband should only be liable to
pay $1,500 for the child’s maintenance each month. We reject this submission.

39 We propose to deal with this issue in steps. We will first examine the
general duty of parents to maintain their children before considering what
role marital agreements play in this area. Finally, we will consider whether
the quantum of maintenance ordered by the Judge in this case is appropriate.

The statutory framework under the Charter

40 The central principle is that each biological parent has an independent and
non-derogable duty to maintain his/her children, whether directly, through the
provision of such necessities as the child may need, or indirectly, by
contributing to the cost of providing such necessities. This duty is
statutorily embodied in s 68 of the Charter, which provides as follows:

Except where an agreement or order of court otherwise provides, it shall be
the duty of a parent to maintain or contribute to the maintenance of his or
her children, whether they are in his or her custody or the custody of any
other person, and whether they are legitimate or illegitimate, either by
providing them with such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and station in life or by paying
the cost thereof. [emphasis added]

We pause to note that the duty of non-biological parents to maintain a child
whom they have accepted as their own is separately enshrined in s 70 of the
Charter and that its terms differ: see TDT v TDS and another appeal and
another matter [2016] SGCA 35 at [85]. However, for present purposes, we will
only focus on the duties of biological parents, for that is what the present
appeal is concerned with.

41 Section 68 states that a parent’s duty is to provide what is “reasonable
having regard to his or her means and station in life”. This is buttressed by
s 69(4) of the Charter, which specifically directs the court to have regard to
“all the circumstances of the case”, including, among other things, the income
and earning capacities of the wife and child in deciding what sum to order in
maintenance. Undergirding these provisions is the principle which we would, to
borrow an expression from another area of the law, call the principle of
common but differentiated responsibilities: both parents are equally
responsible for providing for their children, but their precise obligations
may differ depending on their means and capacities (see TIT v TIU and another
appeal [2016] SGHCF 8 at [61]). The Charter clearly contemplates that parents
may contribute in different ways and to different extents in the discharge of
their common duty to provide for their children.

42 So where do marital agreements which relate to the maintenance of children
come in? In our view, such agreements are relevant where the court is
determining what quantum of maintenance to order. While the existence of any
marital agreement is not one of the statutorily prescribed factors in s 69(4)
of the Charter, the expression “all the circumstances of the case” is wide
enough to encompass the presence of a marital agreement which relates to the
maintenance of children. We would not place too fine a point on this save to
say that the precise weight to be ascribed to the existence of such an
agreement must depend on the facts of each case. However, there are two
important principles which we ought to reiterate.

43 The first principle is that the welfare of the child is the overriding
objective. In TQ v TR and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 (“TQ v TR”) at
[61] and [68], this court stressed that all postnuptial agreements with
respect to maintenance (both those made in respect of wives and those for
children) are subject to the continuing scrutiny of the courts and that the
primary consideration was “the provision of adequate maintenance” [emphasis in
original] (at [67]). What this means is that the court will not sanction any
agreement as to maintenance if its overall effect would leave the child with
inadequate support. In particular, it was said that the courts would be
“especially vigilant and will be slow to enforce agreements that are
apparently not in the best interests of the child or the children concerned”
(likewise at [67]). While this statement was made with specific reference to a
prenuptial agreement (which was what TQ v TR was concerned with), we consider
that it applies with equal, if not greater, force where the court is faced
with a postnuptial agreement. As pointed out in TBC v TBD [2015] 4 SLR 59 at
[27], it is entirely proper that in some cases, one parent may contribute more
than another where it is necessary to ensure that the child “will receive the
full measure of maintenance”.

44 The second principle is that the courts will not allow a parent to abdicate
his/her responsibility of parental support. For that reason, we were careful
to state that a marital agreement may be relevant to the question of the
quantum of support, but not its existence. Even though s 68 of the Charter
begins with the phrase “[e]xcept where an agreement… otherwise provides”, a
parent cannot contract out of the obligation to provide for his/her child. As
pointed out in Leong Wai Kum, Elements of Family Law (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2013) (“Elements of Family Law”) at p 409, this proviso must be read in
conjunction with s 73 of the Charter, which empowers the courts to vary the
terms of any agreement relating to the maintenance of a child if it is
satisfied “that it is reasonable and for the welfare of the child to do so”.

45 As this court has stressed in CX v CY (minor: custody and access) [2005] 3
SLR(R) 690 at [26], the “idea of joint parental responsibility is deeply
rooted in our family law jurisprudence.” In the same paragraph, it was
observed that the welfare of the child was best advanced if both parents
played an active role in the upbringing of the child, even if they might not
continue to live together. We affirm this principle and we hold that it
applies with equal force to the area of material provision. Even if one parent
were fully capable of providing for the child’s material needs, it would still
be in the best interests of the child, and consistent with the schema of the
Charter as a whole, that the law recognises and enforces the joint
responsibility of both parents to maintain the child. This is in keeping with
the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities which we referred
to at [41] above.

46 To sum up, we would put the matter in the following way. Where the parties
have clearly addressed their minds to the question of the need to provide and
care for the child, and the overall provision is a just and fair result that
does not fall short of what is needed and expected under the general law, then
there is nothing preventing the court from endorsing the substance of the
terms of the agreement (see TQ v TR at [67]). However, if the agreement would
leave the child with inadequate support, or if the burdens of parenthood are
so unevenly distributed that it is inconsistent with the principle of common
but differentiated responsibilities, the court will readily step in to fashion
a different set of orders to achieve a just and fair outcome that serves the
child’s best interests.

47 From the foregoing, it is clear that the position taken in respect of
division of assets (where a marital agreement can be given almost conclusive
weight in some circumstances: see [33] above) is different from that taken in
the case of maintenance (where the court is comparatively more cautious about
accepting the agreements made by the parties). This might appear incongruous,
but it should not surprise. The reason lies in the different objectives being
pursued and the different roles assumed by the courts in each area.

48 Where the court is considering the issue of division of assets, the focus
is on the proprietary entitlements of the parties to the marriage inter se. No
interests of third parties like children are at stake. It therefore stands to
reason that any agreement which has been freely and voluntarily entered into
by the parties upon legal advice should be almost determinative of the outcome
and the role of the court is greatly circumscribed: it is there only to ensure
that the agreement would not effect injustice. In contrast, where the court is
considering the issue of maintenance for the child, the focus of the court’s
inquiry is the financial needs of the child – a third party who had no say in
the conclusion of the agreement but whose interests are nevertheless directly
implicated. In this context, the court assumes a more prominent custodial role
and the overriding objective is that the welfare of the child must be
safeguarded and adequate provision must be made for his/her upkeep.

49 In light of the foregoing, the question is whether the quantum of
maintenance agreed in the Deed ($1,500 per month) is a reasonable sum that
adequately addresses the child’s need for adequate support and discharges the
husband’s obligation to provide for the child’s material needs (including the
child’s need for accommodation). In our judgment, it does not.

Does the Deed set out a just and fair maintenance order?

50 First, it is clear that the provision in the Deed for the child’s upkeep
would leave her with inadequate support. The apartment in which the wife and
child reside costs $3,750 a month in rent. While there was some dispute as to
the wife’s income, the Notice of Assessment issued by the Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore for 2013 lists the wife’s gross annual income at almost
$37,000 (or approximately $3,100 per month). It is clear that without
significant financial contribution from the husband, the wife and child will
not be able to continue staying at the apartment. In the court below, the
husband argued that the wife ought to be looking at cheaper accommodation. The
Judge disagreed on the basis that the apartment in which the wife and child
resided was close to her school and the husband’s home (see the Judgment at
[81]). There has been no appeal against this decision and we see no reason to
disturb this finding. In principle, therefore, we would hold that any
maintenance order that is made should – so far as it is possible, having
regard to the husband’s means – allow the child to continue staying at her
present apartment.

51 The husband has, since the grant of interim judgment on 24 April 2012, been
paying a sum of $2,950 to the wife each month (see [4] above). While he
contends that he has had to dip into his savings to meet this obligation,
there is no indication that this has caused him substantial hardship or that
he is unable to continue making such a contribution. Of course, should the
husband’s financial situation continue to deteriorate, it might be open for
him to apply for a variation of the order. In that event, all parties
concerned will have to adapt to the changed circumstances. But until and
unless that happens, we hold that the present maintenance order of $3,375 is
not unreasonable in the circumstances.

52 Second, we are of the view that the present maintenance order does not
respect the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities. The
husband’s concession that this sum only reflects his obligation to provide for
the child sans rental, in our view, settles the issue. The fact that the Deed
states that the husband would not be obliged to pay the cost of accommodating
the wife and the child after 14 November 2011 is of little moment. Section 68
of the Charter requires the husband to provide for “such accommodation,
clothing, food and education as may be reasonable”. As a matter of principle,
the husband can no more contract out of his obligation to provide the child
with adequate accommodation than he can contract out of his obligation to
maintain the child entirely. It has long been held, since the decision of the
House of Lords in Hyman v Hyman [1929] AC 601 (“Hyman”), that the jurisdiction
of the court to make provisions for maintenance consequent upon a divorce
cannot be abridged by the private agreement of the parties. Although Hyman
concerned the right of a wife to maintenance, we consider that this applies, a
fortiori, where the maintenance of children is concerned. The right of a child
to adequate support is, to borrow the words of Lord Atkin, a “matter of public
concern, which [the parties] cannot barter away” (see Hyman at 629).

53 The wife relocated to Singapore only to be with the husband and she did not
work until after the parties had separated. Since then, she has taken on a
variety of jobs, most recently as a real estate agent. Her monthly income, as
determined by IRAS, does not exceed $3,100 a month. The assets in her sole
name amount to approximately $31,500. In contrast, the husband is well-
established in Singapore and has substantial savings. While he contends that
his business is not doing well, it cannot be disputed that he was, and
continues to be, a man of substantial means, with assets in excess of $6.5m
(see the Judgment at Annex A). In our judgment, it would not be a just and
fair apportionment of financial responsibilities for the wife to shoulder the
full cost of the rent for the apartment, bearing in mind particularly that she
is the child’s primary caregiver and is less well off than the husband.

54 The question then is what proportion of the rental of $3,750 the husband
ought additionally to bear, given the need of the child for a roof over her
head. The Judge first noted that the wife would have to be liable for at least
a part of the rent since she would also be staying in the apartment. On that
basis, the Judge concluded that the fairest order in the circumstances would
be to require the husband and the wife to share the total cost of the
accommodation equally. When we looked at the matter in the round, we saw no
reason to disturb this ruling. It seems to us that this is a just
apportionment, having regard to, among other things, the financial capacities
of the parties and the present and future contributions of each to the
continuing welfare of the child. In the premises, we uphold the order made by
the Judge at [4] of the Supplemental Judgment, which is that the husband is to
pay the wife a sum of $3,375 a month, comprising $1,500 for the child’s living
expenses and $1,875 being half share of the current rent of $3,750 for the
apartment.

Care and control

55 The last issue concerns care and control. Ms Loo points out, as a
preliminary point, that the husband, despite having hitherto been so concerned
with the strict enforcement of the terms of the Deed, has quickly abandoned
that position in the consideration of the question of care and control. She
contends that the husband must not be allowed to “cherry pick” the parts of
the Deed he wishes to enforce while disregarding others. This is a fair point.
However, the point cuts both ways. Both the parties had taken positions which
were at variance from the Deed from day one. For instance, even before divorce
proceedings had been filed, the parties had sought sole custody and care and
control of the child under the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“GIA”). Even now, the wife seeks to uphold the Judge’s orders, which do
not exactly track the terms of the Deed.

56 The Judge took the position that once the parties were within the
matrimonial jurisdiction of the court, the court was entitled to consider the
matters of custody and care and control afresh (see the Judgment at [98] and
[100]). While she did not explicitly say so, it was clear from the way she
approached the issue that she did not think herself bound by the terms of the
Deed, for she did not make reference to it in the course of her treatment of
this subject. Instead, her approach was to “make an order that ensures that
the child’s interests are treated as and made paramount” (at [99]). In our
judgment, both the Judge’s approach and her eventual decision on this issue
cannot be faulted.

Marital agreements and the custody of children

57 In the case of the division of matrimonial assets (and, to a lesser extent,
the maintenance of the child), the substance of the question is one of
finances. As the issue is merely one which relates to the ownership of
property, or the distribution of the financial burdens of parents inter se,
understandably the court would be inclined towards playing a comparatively
minor role. However, where the court is concerned with questions of custody
and care and control, the subject is not wholly pecuniary but the welfare of a
child. A child’s welfare is not something to be bartered or negotiated at the
termination of a marriage. Thus, where the court decides on questions of
custody and care and control, it always acts to maximise the welfare of the
child, which is the “paramount consideration” (s 125(2) of the Charter).

58 For this reason, while the court is enjoined to have regard to the wishes
of the parents and of the child, it is not bound by anything that might be set
out in a marital agreement. Indeed, in TQ v TR at [70], this court held that
there ought to be a presumption that all agreements (whether prenuptial or
postnuptial) relating to the custody or care and control of children are
unenforceable unless it is “clearly demonstrated by the party relying on the
agreement that the agreement is in the best interests of the child” [emphasis
in original]. The reason for this, as the court explained in the same
paragraph, is that in the heat of the matrimonial dispute, the interests of
the child may unwittingly be relegated to second place. Thus, the court treats
the terms of any such agreement with great circumspection and will not give
effect to them unless it is satisfied that to do so would be in the best
interests of the child. In the circumstances, we approach this matter by
considering, as the Judge did, what is in the best interests of the child.

The best interests of the child

59 Mr Singh argued that an order for shared care and control would allow the
husband greater say and allow him to play an “active role” in the child’s
life. The problem with this argument, as we pointed out during the hearing, is
that the husband’s access arrangements, which have been in place since January
2015, are generous and grant the husband extremely liberal access to the
child. The child spends half of the school holidays in the care of the
husband. During the school term, the agreed schedule is structured as follows:

Week 1

(1) Tuesday from 1.30pm to 7.30pm;

(2) Thursday from 1.30pm to 7.30pm;

(3) Friday from 1.30pm to 7.30pm;

Week 2

(1) Tuesday from 1.30pm to 7.30pm;

(2) Overnight access from Friday 1.30pm to Sunday 7.30pm

60 If we put aside the time spent in school, it would seem that the child
spends almost as much of her leisure time with the husband as she does with
the wife. In the circumstances, we agree with Ms Loo that the husband is
afforded ample opportunity to play an active role in the child’s life. This is
particularly the case when one considers that the parties, as the husband
himself pointed out, live very close to each other. We do not see how a shared
care and control order would allow the husband to spend very much more time
with the child than he currently does, particularly since the order for joint
custody (which neither party has challenged) already means that the most
important decisions affecting the long-term upbringing and welfare of the
child can only be made with the consent of both parties.

61 Mr Singh conceded that the present arrangements afforded the husband very
generous access to the child but submitted that an order for shared care and
control would “recognise the role played by the father”. However, we are not
persuaded that this provides an adequate basis for a variation of the care and
control order, particularly given the disruption it would cause to the child’s
life. As the Judge rightly pointed out, continuity in living arrangements is
an important factor in maintaining the emotional well-being of a child (see
the Judge at [107]). We agree with the Judge that an award for shared care and
control would destabilise and be unnecessarily disruptive to the child’s life
at this stage, considering that the child has been living with the wife for
the past seven years and has just made the transition to primary school.

62 Furthermore, as we remarked during the hearing, one should not emphasise
“form over substance”. It is laudable that the husband wants to be a good
father to the child, and we commend him for this. However, the sound and
sensible way to achieving that is by continuing to take an active interest in
the child’s life during the periods of access, such that when the child comes
of age, it will be enduring ties of love and affection rather than a court-
ordered apportionment of her time, that forms the substratum of an enduring
father-daughter relationship. We were informed during the hearing that the
parties had cooperated in the last five years to act in the child’s best
interests. We are greatly heartened to hear that. It augurs well for the
child’s welfare.

63 In our judgment, joint custody, coupled with the vesting of care and
control in the wife and liberal access to the husband, is the option which is
in the best interests of the child. We therefore think it best to preserve the
Judge’s orders in this respect and dismiss the husband’s appeal on the same.

Conclusion

64 In summary, we allow the appeal in part and order that:

(a) The husband shall pay the wife upon final judgment of divorce a sum of
$40,000. The payments already made to the plaintiff under cll 3.1 and 3.2 of
the Deed are to be deducted from this sum of $40,000.

(b) The husband shall continue paying the wife a monthly sum of $3,375 each
month for the child’s maintenance.

(c) Care and control is to remain vested with the wife, with liberal access to
the husband. As directed by the Judge, parties are to work out the terms of
access on their own, always bearing in mind the child’s school schedule.

65 As the husband has succeeded on one issue and has failed in the other two
issues, and bearing in mind the work done on each issue, we will order that
each party shall bear its own costs of this appeal. There shall be the usual
consequential orders.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Quentin Loh Judge of Appeal Judge of
Appeal Judge

Ranjit Singh (Francis Khoo & Lim) for the appellant;  
Loo Ming Nee Bernice and Khoo Seok Leng Sarah-Anne  
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

