Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 177

Suit No 796 of 2014  
Summonses Nos 1638 and 2109 of 2016

Between

(1)| Lim Seng Wah  
---|---  
(2)| Heah Eng Lim  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Han Meng Siew  
---|---  
(2)| Wang Lai Suan  
(3)| Ensure Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] — [Oppression] — [Minority shareholders]

[Contract] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Seng Wah and another

  
v

  

Han Meng Siew and others

[2016] SGHC 177

High Court — Suit No 796 of 2014 and Summonses Nos 1638 and 2109 of 2016  
Chua Lee Ming JC  
21–23 December 2015; 5–8 January 2016; 12 April 2016

9 September 2016 Judgment reserved.

Chua Lee Ming JC:

Introduction

1 The first and second plaintiffs, Mr Lim Seng Wah (“Lim”) and Mr Heah Eng Lim
(“Heah”), commenced this action in July 2014 against the first and second
defendants, Mr Han Meng Siew (“Han”) and Mr Wang Lai Suan (“Wang”), for
oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
and for breach of a shareholders’ agreement. Lim, Heah, Han, Wang and Mr John
Koh Kay Hock (“John Koh”) were the shareholders in the third defendant, Ensure
Engineering Pte Ltd (“the Company”) when this action started. As the Company
is a nominal defendant, I will use the term “defendants” in this judgment to
refer to Han and Wang only.

2 Lim and Heah tried to exit the Company by offering their shares to the other
shareholders in 2013. Han, Wang and John Koh did not take up the offers. Lim
and Heah then sold their shares in the Company to a third party, Mr Kwok Hong
Wai (“Kwok”), in February 2014. However, Han and Wang, who were the directors
of the Company, did not approve the transfers by Lim and Heah to Kwok. Unable
to exit the Company and unhappy with the defendants’ conduct, Lim and Heah
commenced this action in July 2014.

3 The case took an unexpected turn after the witnesses had given their
evidence but before closing submissions. On 19 January 2016, Han and Wang
entered into a Shares Sale and Purchase Deed 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Han’s 9th affidavit dated 11 April 2016, exhibit “HMS-1”.

(“the 2016 Deed”) with Kwok. Pursuant to this Deed, Han and Wang

(a) undertook to transfer the shares that Lim and Heah had sold to Kwok, by 24
January 2016; and

(b) agreed to buy the same shares from Kwok for $19.5m, subject to Kwok
successfully persuading Lim and Heah to file a notice of discontinuance of the
present action with each party bearing his/its own costs, by 2 February 2016.

4 Pursuant to the 2016 Deed, the transfers of shares by Lim and Heah to Kwok
were registered on 22 January 2016. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Han’s 9th affidavit dated 11 April 2016 at para 8.

Thereafter, Lim and Heah ceased to be shareholders in the Company, and Kwok
became a shareholder in the Company. However, the purchase of Kwok’s shares by
Han and Wang did not take place because Kwok failed to persuade Lim and Heah
to file a notice of discontinuance of the present action.

5 On 6 April 2016, Kwok filed Summons No 1638 of 2016 and applied to be joined
as a plaintiff in this action. Kwok sought to rely on the same claims made by
Lim and Heah as well as the evidence already adduced in court.

6 I heard Kwok’s application together with the closing submissions for the
present action on 12 April 2016. Han and Wang opposed Kwok’s application. I
reserved judgment.

7 In the meantime, on 3 May 2016, the remaining shareholder in the Company,
John Koh, decided to join the fray. He filed Summons No 2109 of 2016 in which
he applied to be joined as a party to this action. I heard the application on
16 June 2016 and dismissed the application for the reasons set out later in
this judgment.

8 Two preliminary issues need to be dealt with first:

(a) whether Lim and Heah have the requisite standing to continue with their
oppression claim under s 216 of the Act (“the s 216 Claim”) since they are no
longer shareholders in the Company; and

(b) whether Kwok should be joined as a plaintiff in this action.

Whether Lim and Heah have standing to continue the s 216 Claim

9 Only a member or holder of debentures of a company is entitled to seek
relief under s 216 of the Act: Kitnasamy s/o Marudapan v Nagatheran s/o
Manogar and another [2000] 1 SLR(R) 542 (“Kitnasamy”) at [25]. However, in
appropriate circumstances, the respondents to a claim under s 216 may be
estopped from asserting that the applicant is not a member: Kitnasamy at [26].
In the present case, it is clear that when this action was commenced, Lim and
Heah had the necessary standing to bring the s 216 Claim as they were
shareholders of the Company then. However, they ceased to be shareholders of
the Company when the transfer of their shares to Kwok was registered on 22
January 2016.

10 Lim and Heah submitted that they continue to have the requisite standing to
maintain the s 216 Claim and referred me to United Rural Enterprises Pty Ltd v
Lopmand Pty Ltd and others (2003) 47 ACSR 514 (“Lopmand”). In that case,
United Rural Enterprises Pty Ltd (“URE”) and Lopmand Pty Ltd (“Lopmand”) were
shareholders of a company called Painten Holdings Pty Ltd (“Painten
Holdings”). Lopmand had given a charge over its shares in Painten Holdings as
security for a loan given by URE. Lopmand brought an oppression claim against
URE. The court held that there was oppression by URE, but before the hearing
on remedies, URE registered its equitable charge over Lopmand’s shares and
became their owner. By the time the hearing on remedies was held, Lopmand was
therefore no longer a shareholder. However, URE conceded that s 234 of the
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) was satisfied because Lopmand was a member of
Painten Holdings at the time of filing the action and that any relevance of
its having ceased to be a member subsequently lies at the level of discretion,
not jurisdiction (at [25]).

11 Lim and Heah also referred me to Kitnasamy. In that case, the court found
that although the appellant was not a registered shareholder, he had the locus
standi to petition under s 216 as he had agreed to become a shareholder and
was not registered as one due to the default of those responsible for the
company’s administration, including the respondents. The court held that the
respondents were estopped from asserting that the appellant had no locus
standi.

12 Lopmand is not authority for the proposition that a shareholder who has
ceased to be one still has the locus standi to maintain an oppression action.
The point was conceded by the respondent in that case. As for Kitnasamy, the
facts were very different. The applicant was for all intents and purposes a
shareholder except that the company had not registered him as one. On the
facts, the respondents were estopped from challenging the applicant’s locus
standi. In the present case, Lim and Heah had clearly ceased to be
shareholders and it has not been alleged that any estoppel arises in this
case.

13 I agree with the statement in R Hollington QC, Hollington on Shareholders’
Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2013) (“Hollington”) at para 9-15 that “where
a registered shareholder has freely disposed of his shares … he will no longer
have locus standi once he has ceased to be registered as a member”. As a
matter of principle, this must be correct. After all, it is trite that the
matters complained of under s 216 must affect the applicant qua shareholder
and that the court’s powers under s 216(2) are to be exercised “with a view to
bringing to an end or remedying the matters complained of”. With one
exception, it is difficult to see how a plaintiff would still be entitled to a
remedy under s 216 if he has ceased to be a shareholder. In such
circumstances, it seems to me quite pointless to allow the plaintiff to carry
on with the action. The one exception is where the events which caused the
plaintiff to cease to be a shareholder are also the subject matter of the
complaint under s 216.

14 In my opinion, Lim and Heah lost their locus standi to continue with the s
216 Claim when they ceased to be registered as shareholders in the Company.

Whether Kwok should be joined as a plaintiff

15 Kwok applied to be joined as a plaintiff under either

(a) O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules of Court”) on the ground that his “presence before the Court is
necessary to ensure that all matters in the cause or matter may be effectually
and completely determined and adjudicated upon”; or

(b) O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules of Court on the ground that “there may
exist a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the
Court it would be just and convenient to determine” as between Kwok and the
other parties to the matter.

16 Kwok sought to pursue the s 216 Claim either alone or jointly with Lim and
Heah, relying on the same evidence that has already been adduced. It is
therefore clear that the requirements of O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) would be satisfied
provided that Kwok is entitled to pursue the s 216 Claim.

17 Section 216(1) of the Act provides as follows:

Personal remedies in cases of oppression or injustice

216.— (1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company, or, in the case of
a declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground –

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

18 It is common ground that under s 216 only a member or a holder of a
debenture of a company is entitled to seek relief (see [9] above). Kwok’s
first hurdle is that he was not a member of the Company when this action was
commenced. However, Kwok’s joinder as a plaintiff takes effect from the date
that the amended writ is served on him and does not operate retrospectively so
as to take effect at the commencement of the proceedings: Singapore Civil
Procedure 2016 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016)
(“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para 20/8/3. In my view, Kwok only needs to
be a member or holder of a debenture of the Company as of the date that his
joinder takes effect. This requirement is satisfied in this case.

19 Kwok’s next hurdle is that the conduct complained about in the s 216 Claim
took place before he became a shareholder. Kwok referred me to Re Spargos
Mining NL (1990) 3 ACSR 1 (“Spargos”) and submitted that an applicant under s
216 can rely on conduct that took place before he became a shareholder. In
Spargos, the applicant’s complaints in the oppression action included conduct
that took place before he became a shareholder. The Supreme Court of Western
Australia held that it was not necessary that the applicant be himself
aggrieved by the conduct complained of. However, the decision in Spargos was
based on the language in s 320 of the Australian Companies Code which referred
to “… affairs of the company … being conducted in a manner that is oppressive
or unfairly prejudicial to, or unfairly discriminatory against, a member or
members, or in an manner that is contrary to the interests of the members as a
whole” (at 3). Murray J was of the view that “if the legislature had intended
that only an aggrieved member should be able to apply to the court under s
320, it would have said so” (at 6). It was for this reason that his Honour
concluded that “the unfairness required to be established … need not be to the
particular member who is the applicant” (at 6).

20 The language in s 216 of the Act is different (see [17] above). Section
216(1) provides four alternative limbs – oppression, disregard of interests,
unfair discrimination and prejudicial conduct. The first, third and fourth
limbs are expressly qualified by the words “including himself” thus making it
clear that for these three limbs at least, the applicant must be an aggrieved
party. As for the second limb – disregard of interests – the language in s
216(1)(a) appears not to require the applicant’s interest to be affected.
However, it is settled law that the four limbs in s 216(1) are not to be read
disjunctively. The common thread underlying the entire section is that of
unfairness. The common test is that of “a visible departure from the standards
of fair dealing and a violation of the conditions of fair play which a
shareholder is entitled to expect”: Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd
and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”) at [70] and [77]. This is a
“composite test of commercial unfairness”: Margaret Chew, Minority
Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2007), at p 228. In my
view, this must mean that an applicant under s 216 has to show that he is an
aggrieved shareholder, ie, that the conduct complained of is commercially
unfair to him.

21 To the extent that the decision in Spargos was based on the specific
language in the provision before the court, it is therefore distinguishable.
However, this does not spell the end of Kwok’s application to be joined as a
plaintiff.

22 In Lloyd v Casey and others [2002] 1 BCLC 454, the court held that an
applicant under s 459 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) could rely on
conduct which took place before he became a registered shareholder. The court
noted that the words used in s 459 were “the company’s affairs are being or
have been conducted in a manner which is unfairly prejudicial” (at [50]). That
decision was followed in New Zealand in Tyrion Holdings Ltd v Claydon [2015]
NZAR 698.

23 Section 216(1)(b) of the Act refers to acts that have been done and
resolutions that have been passed. In my view, Kwok can rely on acts that were
done before he became a member of the Company. Section 216 merely requires
Kwok to (a) be a member of the company when he applies for relief and (b) show
that the defendants’ misconduct is commercially unfair to him. In this case,
once joined as a plaintiff, Kwok would be a member who is claiming relief
under s 216. The remaining question then is whether the defendants’ misconduct
(including their past misconduct) is commercially unfair to Kwok. The issue of
commercial unfairness will be discussed later (see [160] below).

24 The defendants’ main objection to Kwok’s joinder was that Kwok’s joinder
operates retrospectively from the commencement of the action and that Kwok was
not a shareholder of the Company then. However, as seen earlier (at [18]),
this is incorrect; Kwok’s joinder takes effect from the date the amended writ
is served on him.

25 Lim and Heah also made a separate submission that the defendants should not
have registered the transfer to Kwok since the settlement negotiations had
broken down in that Kwok failed to persuade Lim and Heah to discontinue this
action (see [4] above). It was not clear where Lim and Heah were headed with
this submission as they did not seek to set aside the transfer to Kwok. Lim
and Heah did not press this point. In any event, it is clear that under the
2016 Deed, the registration of the transfer to Kwok was not dependent upon
Kwok successfully persuading Lim and Heah to discontinue this action.

26 For the above reasons, I grant Kwok’s application to be joined as a
plaintiff in this action. In this judgment, I will use the term “plaintiffs”
to refer to Lim, Heah and Kwok.

Reasons for dismissal of John Koh’s application

27 John Koh’s application to be joined as a party was made pursuant to O 15 r
6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules of Court. It was not clear from his application or
his supporting affidavit whether he sought to be joined as a plaintiff or as a
defendant. It was only during the hearing before me that his counsel confirmed
that John Koh sought to join the action as a plaintiff. John Koh submitted
that if I ordered the defendants to buy out the Lim and Heah, or Kwok, then I
should make a similar order for the defendants to buy out his shares too.

28 John Koh submitted that he should be joined as a party because all
shareholders of a company should be included as parties in an action under s
216. In support of this proposition, John Koh referred me to Re a Company (No
007281 of 1986) [1987] BCLC 593 (“the 3i case”) and Re BSB Holdings Ltd [1993]
BCLC 246 (“Re BSB”).

29 In the 3i case, the petitioner in an oppression action joined 3i as a
respondent. 3i was a shareholder in the company whose affairs were alleged to
be conducted in an unfairly prejudicial manner. However, there were no
allegations or claims for relief made against 3i. 3i applied to have the
petition against it struck out. The application was dismissed. Vinelott J
referred to a practice of the Companies Court to require all shareholders of a
company whose interests have been affected by the alleged misconduct or who
would be affected by the court’s order in an oppression action to be made
respondents to the action even if no allegations of misconduct or claims for
relief are made against them. In his view, a buy out order would affect other
shareholders because it would override any pre-emption provisions in the
company’s articles and alter the balance of voting rights (at 598–599).

30 In Re BSB, Vinelott J referred to his earlier decision in the 3i case and
reiterated the views he had expressed in that case (at 253).

31 In my view, the proposition advanced by John Koh goes too far. I do not
accept that, as a general principle, all shareholders of the company must be
joined as parties in an action under s 216. In this respect, I would
respectfully depart from the view expressed in the 3i case and Re BSB. Whether
any shareholder should be joined as a party must depend on the facts. In
particular, I do not see any reason to join a shareholder as a party in an
action under s 216 against his will if there is no relief claimed against him:
see, also, Hollington at para 9-43.

32 That said, John Koh still could come within O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) of the Rules
of Court. After all, he was seeking to join the action as a plaintiff and be
bought out as well. There was therefore an issue connected with a relief
claimed in this action. However, whether he should be joined as a party was
subject to the overriding consideration that his joinder must be “just and
convenient”: Chan Kern Miang v Kea Resources Pte Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R) 85 at
[22].

33 Both the plaintiffs and the defendants objected to John Koh’s application,
primarily for two reasons. First, joining John Koh as a plaintiff would be
prejudicial to the plaintiffs and defendants as the trial would have to be re-
opened. John Koh’s joinder would result in amendments to pleadings, discovery
and further evidence including cross-examination of John Koh. The question of
how John Koh’s interests as a shareholder had been prejudiced had to be tried.
Second, John Koh’s application was made very late in the day although he had
known about this action all along. John Koh had even attended the trial and
listened to the evidence in court.

34 I agreed with the plaintiffs and defendants. John Koh’s case was very
different from that of Kwok. Kwok had merely stepped into the shoes of Lim and
Heah after he was registered as a shareholder on 18 February 2016. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Kwok’s 1st affidavit dated 6 April 2016 at p 31.

There were no new facts or evidence required in his case. In contrast, joining
John Koh would require the trial to be re-opened and this would be prejudicial
to the plaintiffs and defendants. In addition, John Koh offered no explanation
whatsoever as to why he sat on his hands until after closing submissions had
been made. John Koh’s application seemed opportunistic. In my view, it was
neither just nor convenient to join John Koh as a party at this very late
state. Accordingly, I dismissed his application.

35 I now turn to deal with the facts and allegations in this case.

The undisputed background facts

36 The Company is in the business of providing infrastructure engineering
services including steam boiler rental services, boiler repair and
maintenance, chemical and oil flushing.

37 In 1988, Lim, Heah, Han, and one Ang Cheng Yaf (“Ang”), all of whom were
colleagues, decided to go into business together. They resigned from their
respective employments and became shareholders in the Company. The Company was
then owned by one Mr Tan Nam Yong (“Bernard”) and his wife. Lim, Heah, Han and
Ang each held 15% of the shares in the Company. Bernard and his wife each held
20%.

38 By mutual agreement, Bernard’s wife subsequently transferred her shares to
Lim, Heah, Han and Ang in equal proportions. Consequently, Lim, Heah, Han, Ang
and Bernard each held 20% of the shares in the Company.

39 In 1991, John Koh became a shareholder in the Company. Thereafter, each of
Lim, Heah, Han, Ang and John Koh held 18% in the Company whilst Bernard held
10%. John Koh’s shareholding in the Company was held by Heah (9%) and Han (9%)
on trust for him.

40 Lim, Heah, Han, Ang and Bernard were directors of the Company. The
Company’s business was managed primarily by Lim, Heah, Han and Ang, all of
whom were executive directors. Lim managed the Marine Department, Heah managed
the Chemical Department, Han managed the Commercial Department and Ang managed
the Industrial Department. Lim, Heah, Han and Ang drew the same salary.
Bernard ceased to be involved in the Company’s affairs by late 1998 or early
1999.

41 Disputes arose in 1998. In May 1998, Han informed the board of directors of
the Company (“the Board”) of his intention “not to [be] involve[d] [in] the
key decision making process of the daily operation of the [C]ompany”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB 523 (PCB 27).

This was followed by his resignation from the Company in August 1998. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB 570 (PCB 28).

The dispute was resolved when Ang, Lim and Heah agreed to let Han lead the
management of the Company. On 1 November 1999, Han was appointed as Managing
Director of the Company. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 663 (PCB 42).

42 The peace was short-lived. On 13 May 2000, Han wrote to the Board to “offer
[his] resignation”. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 686 (PCB 43).

Two days later, on 15 May 2000, Han wrote to the Board and pointed out that
his offer to resign had raised the question who will lead the company and that
many, if not all, of the Board members did not have any answer. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB 687 (PCB 44).

In the same letter, Han also proposed to buy out Lim, Heah and Ang for
$1,764,445.80. Lim, Heah and Ang did not agree with the price offered.

43 On 31 May 2000, Heah resigned from his employment with the Company. On 1
November 2000, Wang joined the Company as general manager. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 707–710 (PCB 54–57).

44 Ang was demoted from general manager to departmental manager. On 31 January
2001, Ang tendered his resignation with effect from 28 February 2001. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 761.

Bernard resigned as managing director with effect from 1 April 2001. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 778.

Wang was appointed as a director on 1 April 2001, together with one Mr R V
Rajoo (“Rajoo”). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 780.

45 On 10 March 2001, Han wrote to the shareholders setting out certain
proposals. This led to a shareholders’ agreement being drawn up. The
agreement, dated 16 May 2001, was signed by Bernard, Lim, Heah, Han and the
Company (“the 2001 Agreement”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 804–819 (PCB 67–82).

Ang did not sign the 2001 Agreement. John Koh was not a party to the 2001
Agreement; his shares were still being held by Han and Heah on trust for him.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Recital (A) in the 2001 Agreement (AB 805/PCB 68).

46 The relevant clauses in the 2001 Agreement were as follows: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AB 808 and 814 (PCB 71 and 77).

(a) Clause 3.2 gave Han the right to appoint a majority of the Board at any
time and to remove any director so appointed.

(b) Clause 3.3 required every appointment or removal of a director by Han to
be in writing and signed by him.

(c) Clause 3.4 required Lim, Ang and Heah to resign as directors of the
Company.

(d) Clause 3.7 provided that 25% of the Company’s net profits (as defined in
clause 9) shall be distributed to the executive directors as follows: Han
(20%) and Han’s appointees (5%). These shall be in addition to their
respective remuneration packages.

(e) Clause 3.9 stated that the chairman of the Board shall be Han or his
appointee and that the chairman shall have a casting vote at any meeting of
the Board.

(f) Clause 9 required the shareholders to “procure … that the Company
declares” 75% of the net profits to be distributed as dividends and 25% to be
distributed to Han and his appointees pursuant to clause 3.

(g) Clause 9 further defined net profits to mean profits of the Company “after
appropriation of prudent and proper reserves including allowance for future
working capital, provision for tax, interest payments and repayments of
amounts borrowed” (“Net Profits”).

47 As a result of the 2001 Agreement, Han acquired control over the Company
despite the fact that he held only 18% of the shares in the Company. The 2001
Agreement also settled how Net Profits were to be computed and distributed.

48 As required under the 2001 Agreement, Lim and Heah resigned from the Board
on 13 September 2001. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB 838–839 (PCB 83–84).

Bernard resigned from the Board on 29 November 2001. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

AB 840.

Sometime in 2002, Rajoo resigned from the Board, leaving Han and Wang as the
only directors of the Company.

49 On 1 May 2003, Heah re-joined the Company as a project manager.

50 In October 2003, Ang commenced Suit No 998 of 2003 against Han for
oppression.

51 On 29 March 2004, Heah again resigned from his employment with the Company.
In 2004, Wang became a shareholder of the Company, holding 5.55% of the shares
in the Company.

52 The 30th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) for financial year 2003 (“FY2003”)
was held in July 2004. At that AGM, Ang, Bernard and Heah’s nominee, one
Clement Cheong (“Cheong”), were appointed as directors of the Company. Han and
Wang were not reappointed as directors.

53 Ang, Bernard and Cheong attempted to inspect the Company’s books and
records in August 2004 but Han denied them access.

54 Han and Wang passed a directors’ resolution on 11 August 2004 to remove
Ang, Bernard and Cheong as directors with immediate effect. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB 1239 (PCB 108).

By letter dated the same day, Han instructed the Company’s secretary to remove
Ang, Bernard and Cheong from the Board with immediate effect. Han and Wang
were reinstated as directors, in place of Ang, Bernard and Cheong, with effect
from 12 August 2004. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

AB 1242 (PCB 111).

55 On 20 August 2004, the High Court dismissed Ang’s claim in Suit No 998 of
2003 with costs and ordered Ang to offer his shares in the Company to Han
and/or his nominees at $3.20 per share (total amount $793,440). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

AB 1247 (PCB 119)

On 12 October 2004, Ang’s shares were transferred to Han, John Koh, Wang and
another employee of the Company, one Poh Sok Hwa (“Poh”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB 1272

With these transfers, the shareholding in the Company became as follows:

Lim 18%

Heah 18%

Han 32%

John Koh 14%

Bernard 10%

Wang 5%

Poh 3%

56 John Koh, Wang and Poh signed a Deed of Accession in October 2004 agreeing
to be bound by the 2001 Agreement. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

John Koh’s 1st affidavit dated 3 May 2016, exhibit “KKHJ-2”; AB 1270–1271.

57 In April 2005, Bernard’s shares were acquired by the Company pursuant to a
settlement of debts owed by Bernard’s company to the Company. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB 1341 (PCB 120).

Following the cancellation of Bernard’s shares, the shareholding in the
Company became as follows:

Lim 20%

Heah 20%

Han 35.56%

John Koh 15.6%

Wang 5.56%

Poh 3.33%

58 In 2011, the Company sold its property at 11 Tuas Link 1, Singapore 638588
(“the Tuas Property”) for $5.6m 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB 1869.

resulting in a capital gain of $4,034,745. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Abuthahir Abdul Gafoor’s AEIC, exhibit “AB-1” (“Defendants’ Expert’s report”)
at fn 3 on p 9.

59 By the time this action was commenced, Poh had ceased to be a shareholder.
As at the date this action was commenced, the shareholding in the Company was
as follows:

Lim 20%

Heah 20%

Han 27.44%

John Koh 27%

Wang 5.55%

John Koh was appointed as a director of the Company on 14 January 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

John Koh’s 1st affidavit dated 3 May 2016 at p 7.

The other two directors are Han and Wang.

The claims and counterclaims

60 Lim and Heah claim that

(a) Han has repudiated the 2001 Agreement (“the Contract Claim”); and/or

(b) Han and Wang have conducted the affairs of the Company and/or exercised
their powers as directors and/or shareholders in a manner oppressive to Lim
and Heah and/or in disregard of and/or prejudicial to the interests of Lim and
Heah as members of the Company (ie, the s 216 Claim).

61 The Contract Claim alleges that Han breached the 2001 Agreement by causing
the Company to pay himself and Wang excessive directors’ fees for FY2001 to
FY2013 whereas the plaintiffs were paid little or no dividends for those
financial years. The plaintiffs claim that Han’s breaches amounted to a
repudiation of the 2001 Agreement.

62 The s 216 Claim is premised on the following allegations:

(a) Between 2002 and 2014 (ie, from FY2001 to FY2013), in breach of the 2001
Agreement, Han and Wang caused the Company to grossly overpay themselves
$7,600,027 in directors fees while only declaring $1,675,500 in dividends.

(b) Between 2007 and 2015, Han and Wang wrongfully caused the Company to pay a
total of $2,778,328.27 to Singapore Vision Farm (“SVF”), a company wholly
owned and controlled by them.

(c) In or around 2012, Han and Wang wrongfully caused the Company to (i) pay
$229,249.57 for materials used to refurbish the Ang Mo Kio Methodist Church
(“the AMK Church”), where Han is a senior member, and (ii) to fabricate a
stainless steel cross for the church.

(d) Between 2009 and 2013, Han and Wang wrongfully directed the Company’s
manpower and resources to carry out other works for the AMK Church, the Yishun
Evangelical Church and SVF.

(e) In 2004 and 2014, Han and Wang unfairly prevented Lim and Heah from
exercising their rights as shareholders, by disregarding Heah’s votes at the
30th AGM in 2004 and disallowing Lim and Heah from voting on resolutions at
the 40th AGM in 2014. Han and Wang further refused to allow Lim and Heah to
appoint directors.

63 In their counterclaim, Han and Wang sought a rectification of clauses 3.7
and 9 of the 2001 Agreement.

The counterclaim for rectification of the 2001 Agreement

64 The computation of directors’ fees and dividends under the 2001 Agreement
are key issues in this action. I shall deal with the counterclaim first since
it affects how directors’ fees and dividends should be computed under the 2001
Agreement.

65 In their defence and counterclaim, Han and Wang averred that clauses 3.7
and 9 of the 2001 Agreement do not reflect the common intention of the parties
and should be rectified in the following manner:

3.7 In recognition of their contribution to the Company, the Executive
Directors shall be entitled, in respect of each complete financial year of
service rendered, 25% of the Company annual net profit (as defined in clause 9
below) of the Company’s annual Trading Gross Profit after provision for tax
(“the net profit”) for that financial year as follows:

(i) Han : 20%

(ii) Han’s appointees : 5% to be divided in such

proportion as shall be

decided by Han

This shall be in addition to their respective remuneration packages.

…

9 DIVIDEND POLICY

The Shareholders shall procure that for each financial year the Company
declares:

(a) of those profits of the Company available for distribution after
appropriation of prudent and proper reserves including allowance for future
working capital, provision for tax, interest payments and repayments of
amounts borrowed (“the net profit”) – 75% thereof and the 25% of the net
profit for Han and his appointees pursuant to Clause 3.7 by way of dividend

(b) 20% of the net profit to be given to Han and 5% of the net profit to be
divided amongst such directors appointed by Han pursuant to clause 3.

In deciding whether in respect of any financial year the Company has profits
available for distribution, the Parties shall procure that the auditors shall
certify whether such profits are available or not and the amount thereof (if
any). In giving such certificate the Auditors shall act as experts and not as
arbitrators and their determination shall be binding on the Parties.

In this judgment, I shall refer to the above version of clauses 3.7 and 9 (ie,
with the rectifications sought by Han and Wang) as “the Alleged Clause 3.7”
and “the Alleged Clause 9”.

66 It is common ground that the payments made under clause 3.7 of the 2001
Agreement to Han and his appointees are referred to as “directors’ fees”.

67 Under the original clauses 3.7 and 9, 25% of the Net Profits would be paid
as directors’ fees and 75% as dividends. As seen earlier (at [46(g)] above),
Net Profits meant profits of the Company less working capital, tax, interest
and loan repayments.

68 Under the Alleged Clauses 3.7 and 9, directors’ fees would be 25% of
profits after tax whereas dividends would be paid from profits less working
capital, tax, interest, loan repayments and directors’ fees. In short, the
Alleged Clauses 3.7 and 9 would increase the amount payable to Han and his
appointees as directors’ fees, whilst reducing the amount payable to the
shareholders (including the plaintiffs) as dividends.

69 To succeed in the counterclaim for rectification, Han and Wang must prove
that the parties were in complete agreement on the terms of the contract and
that these terms were erroneously written down wrongly in the contract:
Frederick E Rose (London) Ld v William H Pim Jnr & Co Ld [1953] 2 QB 450 at
461. The parties’ intention is to be ascertained objectively. A complete
antecedent concluded contract is not required but an outward expression of
accord is required: Cold Storage Holdings plc and others v Overseas Assurance
Corp Ltd and another [1988] 1 SLR(R) 255 at [31]–[36], applying Joscelyne v
Nissen and Another [1970] 2 QB 86.

Was there a different common intention?

70 The defendants pleaded in their defence and counterclaim that clauses 3.7
and 9 of the 2001 Agreement did not reflect the common intention of the
parties due to an oversight. According to the defendants, the common intention
was as follows: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) (“DCC”) at para 43(a).

(a) the management team was entitled to directors’ fees computed as 25% of
profits after tax; and

(b) the shareholders were entitled to dividends as recommended by the
directors from profits after deducting tax, directors’ fees and provision for
running capital.

I shall refer to the above as “the Alleged Formula”.

71 In my judgment, the defendants have failed to prove the above. The evidence
shows that the common intention alleged by the defendants is a fabrication.

Whether there was a common intention to continue the practice adopted before
the 2001 Agreement

72 Han and Wang alleged that the common intention was that the 2001 Agreement
would continue the practice during the period from 1988 until the 2001
Agreement (“the Pre-Agreement Period”), and that during the Pre-Agreement
Period, directors’ fees were computed using the Alleged Formula. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Han’s AEIC at paras 55–60.

This claim proved to be a complete fabrication.

73 First, the Alleged Formula was never applied during the Pre-Agreement
period. Han and Wang did not instruct their expert witness, Mr Abuthahir Abdul
Gafoor, executive director of Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“the
Defendants’ Expert”) to analyse the directors’ fees paid during the Pre-
Agreement Period. However, the plaintiffs’ expert witness, Mr Owen Malcolm
Hawkes (“the Plaintiffs’ Expert”), Executive Director of KPMG Services Pte
Ltd, carried out such an analysis.

74 The Plaintiffs’ Expert’s analysis showed that during the Pre-Agreement
Period,

(a) the directors’ fees for each financial year (“FY”) ranged from -445% to
967% of profits before tax; 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Owen Malcolm Hawkes’s AEIC, exhibit “OMH-2” (“Plaintiff’s Expert’s report”) at
para 8.2.3 and p 73.

(b) with the exception of FY1994 and FY1995 (for which no directors’ fees were
paid), the directors’ fees for each FY exceeded 25% of the profits before tax;
and

(c) for FY1988, the directors’ fees were paid although the Company made a loss
and for several financial years, the directors’ fees exceeded 100% of the
profits before tax.

75 It is indisputable that directors’ fees were not computed using the Alleged
Formula (or any formula, for that matter) during the Pre-Agreement Period.
Han’s testimony in this respect could not have been further from the truth.
Faced with the Plaintiffs’ Expert’s analysis, Han had no choice but to admit
under cross-examination that there was no agreement to use the Alleged Formula
during the Pre-Agreement Period. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 79:25–81:5.

76 Second, the nature of the directors’ fees changed after the 2001 Agreement.
It is common ground that during the Pre-Agreement Period no dividends were
declared. The directors’ fees served as distribution of dividends. This
approach worked during the Pre-Agreement Period as all the shareholders were
directors. However, after the 2001 Agreement, not all shareholders were
directors. The 2001 Agreement provided for dividends (payable to all
shareholders) separate from directors’ fees (payable only to Han and his
appointees). The directors’ fees no longer served as dividends. Since Lim and
Heah were required to resign as directors under the 2001 Agreement, it would
not have made any sense for them to agree to continue computing directors’
fees, after the 2001 Agreement, in the same way as it was computed during the
Pre-Agreement Period. On the stand, Han could not offer any explanations why
the same formula should continue to apply after the 2001 Agreement. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 71:14–72:10.

77 Third, in their defence and counterclaim, Han and Wang averred that the
common intention set out at [70] above existed at all times up to and
including the execution of the 2001 Agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCC at para 43(a).

However, this could not have been so because prior to the 2001 Agreement there
was no split between directors’ fees and dividends.

Inconsistent versions of the alleged common intention

78 The defendants have given inconsistent versions of the alleged common
intention. First, as can be seen from [70(b)] above, Han and Wang asserted
that the common intention at all times was that the shareholders would be
“entitled [to] dividends as recommended by the directors from the Trading
Gross profit less provision for tax, less 25% director fees, less provision
for running capital” (emphasis added). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCC at para 43(a).

However, this is different from the Alleged Clause 9 which does not subject
the payment of dividends to the directors’ discretion.

79 Second, during re-examination, Han gave yet another version of the alleged
common intention. This time, Han claimed that his understanding was that:

(a) the executive directors (ie, Han and his appointees) would be paid
directors’ fees plus 25% of dividends; and

(b) the balance 75% of dividends would be paid to shareholders (including
Han). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE5 (6 January 2016) at 47:1-25.

This version was completely different from what Han and Wang had pleaded as
the common intention (see [70] above). The common intention, as pleaded in the
defence and counterclaim, does not include distributing 25% of dividends to
Han and his appointees in addition to paying them directors’ fees.

80 In my view, the fact that Han and Wang could not even maintain a consistent
version of the alleged common intention only lends further support to the
conclusion that the alleged common intention was a fabrication.

No oversight on Han’s part

81 I also reject Han’s claim that he did not correct clauses 3.7 and 9 due to
an oversight. First, the 2001 Agreement was drafted by lawyers who took
instructions from Han. Clauses 3.7 and 9 gave Han a 20% share of Net Profits
(as defined in clause 9) on top of his remuneration and share of dividends. I
find it unbelievable that Han would have failed to notice that clauses 3.7 and
9 did not reflect the alleged common intention.

82 Second, during cross-examination, it was pointed out to Han that clause 3.7
(which dealt with directors’ fees) expressly stated that the term “net profit”
was “as defined in clause 9 below”. Incredibly, Han first claimed that it did
not occur to him that that meant he had to refer to clause 9. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE3 (23 December 2015) at 181:20-25.

Subsequently, he admitted that there was a need to look at clause 9, but
claimed that he did not know the implication of clause 9. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE3 (23 December 2015) at 182:1–8.

On further questioning, Han took the position that clause 9 was about
dividends, not directors’ fees. When it was pointed out to him that clause
9(b) referred to distributions to Han and his appointees “pursuant to Clause
3”, Han claimed he did not understand what those words meant. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE3 (23 December 2015) at 188:17 – 189:20.

Han even went so far as to say that he read clauses 3 and 9 but did not
understand what they meant. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE3 (23 December 2015) at 189:17–20.

In my view, Han’s shifting explanations defied belief. I have no doubt that
Han understood what clauses 3.7 and 9 meant. The term “net profit” is clearly
defined in clause 9(a) and the distribution of the Net Profits of the Company
is clearly set out in clauses 3.7 and 9.

83 In my view, Han’s claim that he did not correct clauses 3.7 and 9 due to an
oversight was another fabrication by him. Rather, Han did not correct clauses
3.7 and 9 because they accurately reflected the common intention of the
parties.

Defendants’ reliance on the March 2001 letter and meeting

84 Han and Wang also relied on a letter dated 10 March 2001 from Han to the
other directors of the Company (“the March 2001 letter”) 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB 768–770 (PCB 62–64).

and the meeting of the shareholders/directors of the Company on 23 March 2001
(“the March 2001 meeting”) as evidence of the alleged common intention. Lim
did not attend the March 2001 meeting.

85 In the March 2001 letter, Han proposed that:

(a) the Board comprise only members in the “Top Management Team”;

(b) a Shareholders Committee be formed to represent the interests of the
owners of the Company;

(c) as not all the directors would be shareholders, “25% of after Tax profit”
be paid as directors’ fees; and

(d) the Board suggest the dividend to be paid.

86 Han recorded the minutes of the March 2001 meeting which alleged that all
directors agreed to accept the proposals in the March 2001 letter in full. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 774 (PCB 65) at para 3.

87 However, the fact remains that the 2001 Agreement was drafted by lawyers
based on Han’s instructions. As stated earlier, in my view, Han understood the
contents of the 2001 Agreement and he did not correct clauses 3.7 and 9
because they were correct. I note that the 2001 Agreement also differed from
the March 2001 letter in that the 2001 Agreement (a) does not restrict
directors to members of the “Top Management Team” and instead gives Han the
power to appoint a majority of the Board; (b) does not provide for any
Shareholders’ Committee; and (c) contains a specific formula for the
computation of dividends instead of leaving it to the Board’s discretion.
Clearly, the mere fact that the March 2001 letter was different from the 2001
Agreement did not mean that the latter was wrong.

88 In my view, the evidence against Han and Wang on this issue far outweighs
that offered by the March 2001 letter and the alleged minutes of the March
2001 meeting. Neither the March 2001 letter or the March 2001 meeting changes
my conclusion that, for the reasons already set out above, the claim for
rectification of the 2001 Agreement fails.

Conclusion on the counterclaim

89 The counterclaim for rectification of clauses 3.7 and 9 of the 2001
Agreement is dismissed with costs.

The Contract claim: whether Han and Wang repudiated the 2001 Agreement

90 As discussed above, it cannot be disputed that the Company did not pay
directors’ fees and dividends in accordance with clauses 3.7 and 9 of the 2001
Agreement and that there had been overpayment of directors’ fees and
underpayment of dividends. However, both the Plaintiffs’ Expert and the
Defendants’ Expert disagreed as to the extent of overpayment of directors’
fees and underpayment of dividends:

| As paid/ declared($)| Plaintiffs’ Expert| Defendants’ Expert  
---|---|---|---  
Under 2001 Agreement($)| Difference($)| Under 2001 Agreement($)| Difference($)  
Directors’Fees| 7,600,027 41

##### Foot Note 41

× Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at para 203; The Defendants’ Closing Submissions (“DCS”) at para 75 state the figure as $7,600,026, ie, $1 less. The difference seems to be due to the amount used by the Defendants’ Expert for FY2012 – he uses $2,042,478 at para 5.3.7 but $2,042,479 at para 5.3.9 and in Appendices 4–6. | 3,760,299 42

##### Foot Note 42

× Exhibit P21 (“Plaintiffs’ Expert’s amended report”) at para 6.1.2. | 3,839,728| 1,571,763 43

##### Foot Note 43

× Defendants’ Expert’s report at p 38. | 6,028,264  
Dividends| 1,675,500 44

##### Foot Note 44

× PCS at para 276; The amount stated at DCS para 79 ($1,600,000) is a computation error and should read as $1,675,500.  | 11,280,897 45

##### Foot Note 45

× Plaintiffs’ Expert’s amended report at para 6.1.2. | (9,605,397)| 4,715,290 46

##### Foot Note 46

× Defendants’ Expert’s report at p 38. | (3,039,790)  
  
91 There is no doubt that Han has breached clauses 3.7 and 9 of the 2001
Agreement and that, by either expert’s computation, there has been substantial
overpayment of directors’ fees and underpayment of dividends. Lim and Heah
submitted that they are entitled to treat themselves as discharged from the
2001 Agreement because (a) Han has repudiated the 2001 Agreement; and (b) they
have accepted the repudiatory breach by commencing this action. Lim and Heah
therefore asked for a declaration that they be discharged from the 2001
Agreement.

92 I decline to make the declaration sought. A declaratory order should not be
made if there is no real controversy for the court to resolve: Singapore Civil
Procedure at para 15/16/2. The declaratory order is the only relief claimed by
Lim and Heah in their Contract Claim. Since Lim and Heah have ceased to be
shareholders of the Company, they have no further contest or dispute with Han
over the 2001 Agreement. The declaration sought by Lim and Heah would serve no
purpose.

93 I would add that Kwok has nothing to do with the Contract Claim; he is not
a party to the 2001 Agreement.

94 The above disposes of the Contract Claim without the need to resolve the
differences between the two experts. However, I next deal with the differences
between the two experts as it is necessary to do so for purposes of the remedy
to be granted in this case.

The experts’ computations

95 The two experts’ computations differed because the Plaintiffs’ Expert:

(a) added depreciation charges back to the Company’s profits before computing
directors’ fees;

(b) added finance costs back to the Company’s profits before computing
directors’ fees;

(c) adjusted the provisions for tax to account for changes in the directors’
fees; and

(d) assumed that the amount of reserves actually retained by the Company
constituted prudent and proper reserves but had to recalculate the amount of
reserves because the profit before tax figures had changed due to (a) and (b)
above.

Whether depreciation charges for capitalised assets should be added back

96 The Company’s provisions included provisions of substantial amounts for
capital expenditure such as properties and equipment. Both experts agreed that
double-counting could arise if the provisions included depreciation of these
capital items since depreciation is an on-going expense of capital items being
used up. However, both experts were unable to determine if any such double-
counting did in fact arise because the necessary information was not
available. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE7 (8 January 2016) at 77:22–79:25.

97 The Plaintiffs’ Expert decided to assume that all of the depreciation was
for capital items and could properly be added back to profits. However, in the
absence of the relevant details of the depreciation amounts, I agree with the
Defendants’ Expert that the more reasonable approach is to not add back the
depreciation amount.

Whether finance costs should be added back

98 The Company’s audited financial statements showed that it paid finance
costs such as hire purchase interest and interest on loans. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Eg, AB 1111.

The Plaintiffs’ Expert reasoned that this showed that there were capital items
that were financed. Double-counting would then arise where the finance costs
have been provided for in the reserves for one year and treated as an expense
in the following year.

99 The Defendants’ Expert argued that there was no double counting as there
was no evidence that finance costs had been provided for as part of the
reserves. The finance costs reflected in the audited financial statements were
simply the actual expenses incurred. The Plaintiffs’ Expert admitted that he
had made the assumption that finance costs would have been included in the
provision for reserves because clause 9 of the 2001 Agreement included
interest payments as part of prudent and proper reserves. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE7 (8 January 2016) at 77:4–12 and 85:21–25.

100 In my view, the plaintiffs have not discharged their burden of proving
that there was double-counting of finance costs. As such, these costs should
not be added back to the profits.

Whether taxation should be adjusted to account for changes in directors’ fees

101 The directors’ fees were treated as expenses and were therefore deducted
from the Company’s profits before tax. The directors’ fees that should have
been paid pursuant to the 2001 Agreement were lower than what was actually
paid. The lower directors’ fees meant that the taxable profits would be higher
and the provisions for tax would need to be adjusted accordingly.

102 The Plaintiffs’ Expert made the necessary adjustments to the provisions
for tax. The Defendants’ Expert did not do so. The Plaintiffs’ Expert agreed
that the formula was recursive and explained that he repeated the same steps
several times in recalculating the tax amount. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE7 (8 January 2016) at 71:16-72:7.

The defendants did not challenge his explanation.

Prudent and proper reserves

103 The Plaintiffs’ Expert was prepared to accept that the reserves actually
retained by the Company constituted “prudent and proper reserves”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

PCS at para 205; Plaintiffs’ Expert’s amended report at paras 4.8.13 and
6.3.4.

However, he had to recalculate the amount of reserves because the profit
before tax figures had changed after he added back depreciation and finance
costs to the gross profits. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE7 (8 January 2016) at 61:7-18.

As I have rejected the adding back of depreciation and finance costs, there is
no need to recalculate the amount of reserves.

Conclusion regarding the Experts’ computations

104 In my view, the Defendants’ Expert’s computation is to be preferred. There
is no evidence to support the Plaintiffs’ Expert’s assumptions regarding
depreciation and finance costs. Based on the Defendants’ Expert’s computation,
the defendants have overpaid themselves $6,028,264 in directors’ fees and
underpaid dividends to the shareholders by $3,039,790 for the period from
FY2001 to FY2013 (see [90] above).

105 I should add that in their closing submissions, the plaintiffs submitted
that since the total amount of dividends paid for the period from FY2001 to
FY2013 was $1,675,500, the directors’ fees for the same period should have
been $558,500 since the ratio of directors’ fees to dividends should have been
25:75. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PCS at para 558.

I disagree. The directors’ fees should be computed (as the experts have done)
using the formula in the 2001 Agreement.

The s 216 Claim

106 As stated at [62] above, the s 216 Claim is based on the following:

(a) Overpayment of directors’ fees and underpayment of dividends during the
period from FY2001 to FY2013.

(b) Payments to SVF.

(c) Payment for materials used to refurbish the AMK Church and construction of
a cross for the AMK Church.

(d) Wrongful use of the Company’s manpower and resources.

(e) The defendants’ conduct at the AGMs in 2004 and 2014.

Overpayment of directors’ fees and underpayment of dividends

107 As stated in [90] and [91], Han and Wang breached clauses 3.7 and 9 of the
2001 Agreement and overpaid directors’ fees to themselves and underpaid
dividends to Lim and Heah. The ratio of directors’ fees to dividends paid for
the period from FY2001 to FY2013 was 82:18. In contrast, under the 2001
Agreement, the ratio of directors’ fees to dividends should have been 25:75.
According to the Defendants’ Expert, the total amount of directors’ fees that
should have been paid under the 2001 Agreement for FY2001 to FY2013 was
$1,571,763; instead, the defendants paid themselves $7,600,027, ie, an
overpayment of $6,028,264 (see [90] above).

108 Based on the Company’s audited accounts, the details of directors’ fees
and dividends paid from FY2001 to FY2013 were as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendants’ Expert’s report at paras 5.3.5, 5.3.7, 5.3.10, 5.4.5 and 5.4.8.
The amount of directors’ fees for FY2012 in para 5.3.7 should be $2,042,479
instead of $2,042,478 – see fn 42 above.

FY| Directors’ fees ($)| Dividends ($)  
---|---|---  
2001| 550,000| 75,500  
2002| 654,000| Nil  
2003| 842,546| Nil  
2004| 379,854| Nil  
2005| 100,791| 100,000  
2006| Nil| Nil  
2007| Nil| Nil  
2008| 270,887| 100,000  
2009| 321,658| 200,000  
2010| 604,232| 200,000  
2011| 508,622| 500,000  
2012| 2,042,479| 500,000  
2013| 1,324,958 55

##### Foot Note 55

× According to the Company’s audited accounts, $1,353,760 was declared; however, based on the Company’s records, only $1,324,958 was paid: see Defendants’ Expert’s report at para 5.3.10. | Nil  
TOTAL| 7,600,027| 1,675,500  
  
109 The defendants’ case is that they computed directors’ fees based on 25% of
profits after tax. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCC at para 74.

Clearly, in itself, this was already a breach of the 2001 Agreement under
which directors’ fees were computed as of 25% of Net Profits. However, to make
matters worse, the evidence showed that Han and Wang in fact paid themselves
even higher amounts of directors’ fees by:

(a) computing directors’ fees based on 25% of gross profits before tax for
several of the financial years;

(b) adding back depreciation to gross profits before computing directors’ fees
for FY2009 to FY2012 and adding back depreciation and the FY2012 dividends to
gross profits before computing directors’ fees for FY2013; and

(c) paying themselves 25% of the capital gains on the sale of the Tuas
Property, as directors’ fees.

110 The evidence also showed that the underpayment of dividends was made worse
by the defendants failing to pay dividends for FY2002, FY2003, FY2004 and
FY2013 despite having made provisions for them.

Computing directors’ fees as 25% of gross profits before tax

111 It is not disputed that in several of the years during the period from
FY2001 to FY2013, the defendants calculated directors’ fees based on profits
before tax instead of profits after tax. This resulted in directors’ fees that
exceeded even the amounts payable according to the defendants’ Alleged
Formula.

112 Han explained under cross-examination that this was to avoid being taxed
twice. I agree with the plaintiffs that this explanation does not make sense.
Whether the directors’ fees are computed based on profits before or after tax,
these fees remain as expenses which will be deducted from the taxable profits.
The only difference is that if computed based on profits before tax, the
amount of directors’ fees will be a larger amount and therefore the taxable
profits will be correspondingly lower. However, in my judgment, Han computed
directors’ fees based on profits before tax in order to increase the amount of
directors’ fees to be paid. The increase in directors’ fees clearly far
exceeded the tax savings to the Company.

Adding back depreciation for FY2009 to FY2013 and adding back dividends for
FY2013

113 Computations by the Company’s accounts staff for FY2009 to FY2013 showed
that depreciation was added back to gross profits before computing the
directors’ fees. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AB 3559 (PCB 210); Exhibit P8 at pp 3 and 5.

In addition, the computation for FY2013 showed that the FY2012 dividends were
also added back to gross profits before computing the directors’ fees 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 3559 (PCB 210).

. All these further increased the amount of directors’ fees for these
financial years.

Computing directors’ fees on capital gains

114 The directors’ fees paid for FY2012 included $1,008,686 being 25% of the
capital gains made on the sale of the Tuas Property (see [58] above). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Exhibit P-8 at p 3.

The total amount of directors’ fees for FY2012 was $2,042,479. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendants’ Expert’s report at para 5.3.9.

In contrast, only $500,000 was declared as dividends for FY2012. According to
the Defendants’ Expert, the amount of dividends that should have been declared
for FY2012 under the 2001 Agreement was $1,636,593. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendants’ Expert’s report at Appendix 6.

It would appear that little, if any, of the capital gains was distributed as
dividends by the defendants.

Not paying dividends despite having made provisions for them

115 Han’s case was that he prepared trading account worksheets (“TAWs”) each
year. According to Han, these TAWs set out the computations for directors’
fees and dividends.

116 According to Han’s TAWs, provisions were made for dividends for FY2002,
FY2003 and FY2004. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB 882, 3687, 1114 and 1203 (PCB 181–184).

However, no dividends were declared for these three years. Han explained that
this was because in late 2000, the Company had extended a loan of $384,000 to
Bernard’s company and that he informed the other directors that directors’
fees would thus have to stop for the next three years to safeguard the
Company’s cash flow. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Han’s AEIC at para 47.

I agree with the plaintiffs that this explanation should be rejected. From
FY2002 to FY2004, a total amount of $1,876,400 was paid as directors’ fees:
see [108] above. Evidently, the Company had no cash flow issues.

117 Han further claimed that the dividends for FY2002 to FY2004 were ear-
marked and paid out after 2004. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Han’s AEIC at para 65.

However, the evidence does not show that the dividends purportedly ear-marked
for FY2002 to FY2004 were paid after FY2004. A total amount of $500,000 had
been provided for during these three years 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AB 3687, 1114 and 1203 (PCB 182–184).

but the dividends declared for FY2005 was just $100,000 and no dividends were
declared in FY2006 and FY2007: see [108] above.

118 For FY2013, the computations by the Company’s accounts staff showed a
provision of $200,000 as dividends. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB 3562 (PCB 212).

Han admitted that he told his accounts staff to provide this figure. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 90:18–91:2.

Yet, no dividends were declared for FY2013 despite the provision having been
made and despite the fact that the Company’s retained earnings in the FY2013
accounts were more than $15m. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AB 2716.

119 When asked why he did not declare dividends at the AGM for FY2013, Han’s
explanation was that no one raised the question of dividends. However, in my
judgment, the truth was that the defendants had no interest in declaring
dividends because they were already paying themselves the lion’s share of
profits in the form of directors’ fees. When asked why he did not raise the
question of dividends himself, Han’s very telling answer was “I already got
director fee”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 98:25–99:4.

Payments to SVF

120 Lim and Heah alleged that between 2007 and 2015, Han and Wang wrongfully
caused the Company to pay a total of $2,778,328.27 to Singapore Vision Farm
(“SVF”), a company wholly owned and controlled by them. The amount of
$2,778,328.27 comprised

(a) $1,746,000 paid under various purchase orders issued from 2011 to 2013;

(b) $972,000 being monthly rentals of $9,000 paid between 2007 and 2015; and

(c) $60,328.27 paid to SVF as a result of stock balancing purchase orders.

Payment of $1,746,000 to SVF

121 It is not disputed that $1,746,000 was paid to SVF from 2009 to 2013.
Han’s explanation was as follows:

(a) The payments were made pursuant to a revenue sharing arrangement between
the Company and SVF.

(b) From 2005 to 2012, the Company was barred from employing foreign workers
directly because it had contravened the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act
(Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Exhibit D-1.

(c) The Company had been allocated a certain “man-year entitlement” which
allowed the Company to employ work permit holders for its projects. As an
employer, the Company could allocate its “man-year entitlement” to other
contractors involved in the project.

(d) The Company therefore entered into a revenue sharing arrangement with SVF
under which it transferred its “man-year entitlement” to SVF so that SVF could
hire the foreign workers with the relevant skills and sub-contract these
workers back to the Company.

122 Essentially, the Company was just using SVF’s name to hire the foreign
workers. SVF did nothing except to lend its name. Everything was handled by
the Company, including recruitment and training. The Company even paid the
workers directly. It is doubtful whether the Company was in fact complying
with the ban on it but that is not an issue before me. Han asserted in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that SVF was “involved in engineering
works” from 2006 to 2013 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Han’s AEIC at para 79.

but that was clearly not true. The Company issued purchase orders to SVF for
“design, fabrication, assembly and supply” of skid pump sets and for
“provision of manpower, material and equipment”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Masilamani Sundarraj Lenin Bruse’s AEIC at para 13.

However, all the work was done by the Company.

123 In return for lending its name, SVF earned 40% of revenue generated from
the equipment purportedly fabricated by SVF. It is pertinent to note that
SVF’s 40% share was of revenue not profits. The Company bore all the expenses.
As Han admitted during his oral testimony, the entire sum of $1,746,000 was
“pure profit” for SVF. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE3 (23 December 2015) at 72:9–18.

In truth, it was pure profit for Han and Wang as the owners of SVF.

124 Han and Wang claimed that the arrangement with SVF was necessary and
cheaper than engaging third party sub-contractors. Whether that is true or not
is irrelevant. Han and Wang were directors of the Company and were making a
secret profit from the arrangement with SVF. It is established law that
directors of a company may not make use of their position to make a profit at
the expense of the company as they owe a fiduciary duty to act in the
interests of the company: Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and
others and other appeals [2013] 1 SLR 374 at [41]. That Han and Wang were in a
situation of actual conflict could not have been clearer. Han and Wang owned
SVF. Han was director of SVF from 2004 to 2008. Wang remains a director of
SVF. As Han admitted, he was the decision-maker for both the Company and SVF.
Han and Wang did not inform Lim and Heah of the arrangement with SVF or obtain
their consent.

125 In an attempt to justify the arrangement with SVF, Han referred to a
similar arrangement with another entity called Verchem Asia Pacific Pte Ltd
(“Verchem”) in which Verchem was paid 45% of the profits made. I do not see
how that helps the defendants. Han and Wang were also in a conflict of
interest position with respect to Verchem. Han held 35% of the shares in
Verchem; Wang held 15% and the remaining 50% was held by John Koh. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE3 (23 December 2016) at 11:17–21.

In any event, the arrangement with Verchem was different in two respects.
First, Verchem’s 45% share was of gross profit not revenue. Second, Verchem
was being paid a share of profits for projects it referred to the Company;
unlike SVF, Verchem was not being paid merely for letting the Company use its
name to hire foreign workers. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

PCS at para 355.

Payment of $972,000 to SVF

126 In the course of discovery, the Plaintiffs’ Expert uncovered evidence that
the Company had been paying monthly rental of $9,000 to SVF. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Exhibit P-12.

In his oral testimony SVF’s manager, Mr Christopher Chan Wing Kheong
(“Christopher Chan”), confirmed that the Company had paid rental to SVF at
$9000 per month for nine years from January 2007 to December 2015. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

NE6 (7 January 2016) at 118:14-119:5; 142:16-24.

The total rental paid was therefore $972,000.

127 Again, the defendants, as directors of the Company, were making a secret
profit from this arrangement with SVF. It is not disputed that the plaintiffs
were not informed about, and had not consented to, this arrangement.

128 The Company used SVF’s premises on an ad-hoc basis for company functions
and for weekend stays by senior management. The plaintiffs acknowledged that
the Company had derived some benefit from the use of SVF’s premises but
submitted the Company had overpaid SVF and that 50% of the amount paid (ie,
$486,000) would be a fair rental figure.

Payment of $60,328.27 to SVF

129 Ms Ng Mei Kheng (“Anna Ng”) was in charge of the Company’s accounts from
2009 to 2013. In 2009, she discovered excess stock in the warehouse which were
not recorded in the Company’s accounting system. She then generated purchase
orders amounting to $60,328.27 for the excess stock so that she could balance
the inventory in the accounting system. According to her, she issued the
purchase orders in SVF’s name as she knew that Han and Wang owned SVF. The
Company’s accounts staff subsequently paid the amount to SVF by mistake. Anna
Ng claimed that she did not notice the mistake. Also, she did not inform Han
or Wang about this matter until recently. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Han’s AEIC at para 76.

130 There is nothing to show that the payment to SVF was anything more than a
mistake. Nevertheless, the fact remains that the amount of $60,328.27 was
wrongfully paid to SVF.

Payment for the AMK Church and construction of a cross

131 Lim and Heah alleged that in 2012, Han and Wang wrongfully caused the
Company to:

(a) pay $229,249.57 for materials used to refurbish the Ang Mo Kio Methodist
Church (“the AMK Church”); and

(b) fabricate a stainless steel cross for the church.

Han was a senior member of the church at the material time.

Payment of $229,249.57 for materials used to refurbish the AMK Church

132 The Plaintiffs’ Expert’s investigations showed that the Company had paid a
total amount of $229,249.57 for items purchased for the AMK Church. Han
explained that the materials were used to refurbish the church. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 170:25–172:12.

However, it was SVF which invoiced the AMK Church for these items in December
2012 and January 2013. SVF received payment of the $229,249.57 from the AMK
Church on 20 February 2013. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Exhibit P-14 at para 8.3.1.

133 Han explained that he wanted to use SVF to facilitate payment for the
items on behalf of the AMK Church first and that he had instructed his staff
not to involve the Company. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 172:24–173:9

In his oral testimony, Wang said that the intention was to use SVF and added
that the accounts staff might have used the Company to make the payments
instead. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE5 (6 January 2016) at 184:13–185:13 and 186:9–19.

134 Anna Ng testified that she handled the accounts for the Company as well as
for SVF. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE6 (7 January 2016) at 65:9–11.

She also testified that as she was leaving the Company, she instructed her
officer, one Irene, to handle the reimbursement of $229,249.57 by SVF to the
Company. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE6 (7 January 2016) at 68:23–69:15.

Anna did not know whether the reimbursement was made. The Plaintiffs’ Expert
did not find any evidence of the reimbursement having been made to the
Company. The defendants did not offer any evidence to show that the
reimbursement has been made to the Company.

135 I find that the evidence is insufficient to prove that Han and Wang tried
to siphon the amount of $$229,249.57 out of the Company. It is more likely
that it was the accounts staff who used the Company to make the payments. As
Anna Ng testified, she treated the Company and SVF as one common entity. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

NE6 (7 January 2016) at 65:15–23.

The evidence also does not prove that Han and Wang were responsible for the
omission by SVF to reimburse the Company the said sum. However, Anna Ng’s
evidence does suggest that Han and Wang themselves did not draw clear lines
between the Company and SVF; otherwise, she would not have been so lax in the
way that she treated the accounts of the Company and those of SVF.

Fabrication of stainless steel cross for the AMK Church

136 The Plaintiffs’ Expert found, among the Company’s list of jobs, a job (No.
J017825) with the description “Fabrication of SS Cross”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Exhibit P-14 at para 8.2.1.

However, there was no record of any invoice having been raised against this
job. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit P-14 at para 8.2.4.

137 The Company’s former purchasing clerk gave evidence that Han instructed
him to purchase a sizeable quantity of metal which was used to construct a
cross for the AMK Church. Another former employee, a pipe fitter, gave
evidence that Han instructed him to fabricate a 5–6m-tall cross for the AMK
Church. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

NE2 (22 December 2015) at 73:8–21.

Neither one was involved in transporting the cross to the church or in the
installation of the cross at the church. When shown a photo of the cross at
the AMK Church, the pipe fitter explained that the cross looked similar to the
one he fabricated but that the shine was different. The cross at the AMK
Church was dull unlike the one he had fabricated using stainless steel. He had
no explanation why the cross at the AMK Church had a different shine. The
cross at the AMK Church does not appear to be made of stainless steel.

138 The plaintiffs alleged that a supporting schedule for an invoice from SVF
to the AMK Church included 6m stainless steel bars 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Exhibit P-14 at p 10 , S/Nos 28, 31 and 32.

and suggested that this must have been for the stainless steel cross.

139 Han denied instructing his workers at the Company to fabricate a stainless
steel cross. Without any other evidence, I can only conclude that the
plaintiffs have not proved their allegations.

Wrongful use of the Company’s manpower and resources

140 It is not disputed that the Company bought a van in January 2015 and
rented it out to SVF for $500 a month. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Christopher Chan Wing Kheon’s AEIC at para 9; NE6 (7 January 2016) at p
144:8–17.

This is another instance of the defendants using the Company’s resources for
their personal benefit as the owners of SVF.

141 Han admitted that he had provided labour to the AMK Church to erect air-
conditioned tents. However, he explained that one of the church members
decided to contribute a tent and air-conditioning units for a conference held
by the church and had agreed to give them to the Company after the conference
if Han provided the labour to set up the tentage. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE4 (5 January 2016) at 162:13–24.

I find that there was good reason for Han to provide the labour to erect the
tents.

142 Lim and Heah also alleged that between 2009 and 2013, Han and Wang
wrongfully directed the Company’s manpower and resources to carry out other
works for the AMK Church, the Yishun Evangelical Church (“the Yishun Church”)
and SVF. Han was a trustee of the Yishun Church.

143 Former employees of the Company testified that Han asked them to carry out
tasks at the AMK Church, SVF and the Yishun Church. I have no reason to
disbelieve their testimony. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

PCS at para 400.

The AGMs in 2004 and 2014

144 Lim and Heah alleged that in 2004 and 2014, Han and Wang unfairly
prevented them from exercising their rights as shareholders, by

(a) disregarding Heah’s votes at the 30th AGM in 2004;

(b) disallowing Lim and Heah from voting on resolutions at the 40th AGM in
2014; and

(c) refusing to allow Lim and Heah to appoint directors at the 40th AGM in
2014.

Disregarding Heah’s votes at the 30th AGM in 2004

145 At the 30th AGM (FY2003) held on 31 July 2004, Ang, Bernard and Heah
appointed proxies to represent them at the AGM. Lim (who held 18% of the
shareholding) did not attend the AGM because he did not wish to openly oppose
Han since he was still employed by the Company. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB 1223 (PCB 105).

146 The proxies (representing 46% of the shareholding) 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PCS at para 413.

demanded a poll and voted against re-electing Han and Wang as directors, and
instead appointed Heah’s proxy, Ang and Bernard as directors. Han and John Koh
(representing 36% of the shareholding) 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCS at para 414.

were outvoted. The proxies also voted against the resolutions to pay $842,546
as directors’ fees and $331,629 as directors’ remuneration. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB 1230–1237 (PCB 262–269).

147 Han did not vote. The proxies agreed to let Han cast his vote at the end
of the meeting. At the end of the meeting, after the proxies had left, Han and
John Koh made the startling decision that they could re-vote on the
resolutions. Han took the view that the resolutions had not been passed yet
and decided that he could ignore the votes already cast by the proxies
earlier. The resolutions were unsurprisingly carried this time.

148 Under cross-examination, Han’s only explanation for not counting the votes
already cast by the proxies was that it was John Koh’s proposal and he agreed
to it.

149 Instead of exercising his power under the 2001 Agreement to appoint a
majority of the Board, Han instructed the Company’s secretary to remove Ang,
Bernard and Cheong from the Board with immediate effect and reinstated Wang
and himself as directors (see [54] above). Han claimed to have the authority
to do so under clause 3.3 of the 2001 Agreement. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

AB 1240 (PCB 109).

In fact, clause 3.3 did not entitle Han to remove Ang, Bernard and Cheong as
directors; it merely required appointments and removals by Han pursuant to
clause 3.2 to be made in writing and signed by him. Han also paid himself the
directors’ fee and remuneration that the proxies had voted against.

Refusing to let Lim and Heah vote on directors’ fees and remuneration at the
40th AGM in 2014

150 Lim and Heah appointed proxies to represent them at the 40th AGM (FY2013)
held on 23 June 2014. Directors’ fees were an item on the agenda. Heah’s proxy
questioned why the proposed directors’ fees exceeded 25% of the Company’s
profits. Han refused to provide any explanation. Han also insisted that the
proxies had no right to vote on the proposal because the directors’ fees were
permitted under the 2001 Agreement. However, instead of explaining how the
proposed directors’ fees were in accordance with the 2001 Agreement, Han
simply took the position that he was correct. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

AB 2838–2840 (PCB 398–400) and AB 2878–2880 (PCB 438–440).

Lim and Heah were fully entitled to challenge Han’s computation of the
directors’ fees and to vote against the same since the fees was not in
accordance with the agreed formula.

151 The proposal to pay Han and Wang $542,029 as remuneration was also an item
on the agenda. It is not disputed that Han decided Wang’s and his own
remuneration. During the AGM, Han stated his view that there was nothing wrong
with deciding his own remuneration and that “self-employed bosses” could
decide their own remuneration. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See transcript of the 40th AGM (FY2013) on 23 June 2014 at AB 2888–2889 (PCB
448–449).

Han also refused to have a vote on his remuneration and even gave the
extraordinary excuse that such a vote would breach the Ministry of Manpower’s
regulations. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AB 2888–2890 (PCB 448–450).

152 Both Han and Wang were employed by the Company. As the managing director,
Han could decide Wang’s salary. However, Han was clearly in a position of
conflict when he decided his own salary. Han chose to ignore the conflict of
interest in refusing to let the shareholders vote on it.

Refusing to allow Lim and Heah to appoint directors at 40th AGM

153 Item 4 on the agenda for the 40th AGM was “To elect directors”. However,
Han refused to allow any nominations by the proxies and claimed that under the
2001 Agreement only he could appoint and remove directors. Han stubbornly
maintained his position even after it was pointed out to him that clause 3.2
of the 2001 Agreement only entitled him to appoint a majority of the board and
to remove directors appointed by him. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

AB 2933–2937 (PCB 493–497).

Conclusion on s 216 Claim

154 Lim and Heah have proven most of their allegations. In my judgment, Han
and Wang have conducted the affairs of the Company in a manner that is clearly
oppressive and in blatant disregard of the interests of Lim and Heah. The acts
which Han and Wang have caused the Company to take also clearly unfairly
discriminate against and are unfairly prejudicial to Lim and Heah.

155 Although he held only 18% of the shares in the Company, Han managed to
secure control over the Company in 2001. Han believed in 2000 that the other
shareholders needed him to run the Company and would not be prepared to let
him leave the Company. This belief turned out to be correct. After offering to
resign, Han wrote to the Board two days later on 15 May 2000 and pointed out
that the Board had no alternative person who could lead the Company. This led
to the 2001 Agreement, under which Lim and Heah agreed to resign as directors
and Han was given control of the Company and a very generous share of the
profits as directors’ fees. In return, the agreement among the shareholders
was that 75% of the Company’s Net Profits each year would be distributed as
dividends.

156 However, having obtained control over the Company, Han proceeded to ignore
the terms of the 2001 Agreement save when it suited him. He paid himself more
directors’ fees than permitted under the 2001 Agreement. Indeed, over the
years, his computations of directors’ fees became more and more favourable to
himself. Dividends paid to the shareholders were way below what had been
agreed. In some years, no dividends were declared despite provisions having
been made for them. As Han admitted, there was no need for him to raise the
question of dividends as he had his directors’ fees. Han brushed aside
objections from Lim and/or Heah by asserting his own interpretations of the
2001 Agreement. Wang stood firmly in Han’s camp. Lim and Heah were unable to
take Han on.

157 Han even ignored the votes cast in 2004 by Ang, Bernard and Heah through
their proxies. Han’s conduct in respect of the voting at the 30th AGM in 2003
was atrocious. His refusal to let the proxies appointed by Lim and Heah vote
at the 40th AGM in 2014 was inexcusable.

158 In addition, Han’s attitude towards any question of conflict of interest
was cavalier, to say the least. Han and Wang had no qualms about making secret
profits using SVF, a company which they owned. Han also decided his own
remuneration in the Company. Han summed up his own attitude best when he said
that as the “boss” of the Company there was nothing wrong with him deciding
his own remuneration. Evidently, there was no place in his mind for the
interests of Lim and Heah.

159 This case bears all the hallmarks of a classic case of oppression. There
is no question in my mind that the defendants’ conduct violated all reasonable
expectations of commercial fairness. In my view, the defendants’ conduct was
plainly reprehensible.

160 The next question is whether the defendants’ misconduct can be said to be
commercially unfair to Kwok despite the fact that the conduct complained off
took place before Kwok became a shareholder of the Company. In my view, the
answer must be in the affirmative. The overpayment of directors’ fees and the
payments to SVF have significantly reduced the funds available to the Company.
This is commercially unfair to Kwok.

161 I should also refer to the defendants’ submission that the plaintiffs are
not entitled to any remedy under s 216 because the plaintiffs, together with
John Koh, have majority control of the Company. Relying on Ng Kek Wee v Sim
City Technology Ltd [2014] 4 SLR 723 (“Sim City”), the defendants argued that
the plaintiffs, together with John Koh, could exercise their majority rights
as shareholders. I reject the defendants’ submissions. The touchstone of
control is not whether the plaintiffs are minority shareholders of the Company
but whether they lack the power to stop the oppressive acts: Sim City at [48].
In this case, Lim and Heah could not control the Board; the 2001 Agreement
gave Han the right to appoint a majority of the Board. In addition, when Ang,
Bernard and Heah tried to exercise their shareholders’ votes in 2004, Han
simply ignored their votes. In 2014, Lim and Heah tried to exercise their
votes as shareholders but Han refused to let them vote. Finally and in any
event, there was no evidence that John Koh was prepared to vote with the
plaintiffs to remove Han and Wang from the Board. In fact, at the 30th AGM
(FY2003) held in 2004, after the proxies appointed by Ang, Bernard and Heah
had voted and left the meeting, John Koh was the one who proposed re-voting
after which he voted alongside Han and Wang. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

AB 1233–1235 (PCB 266–268).

Also, it does not appear that John Koh supported the proxies appointed by Lim
and Heah at the 40th AGM (FY2013) held in 2014.

Limitation

162 The remedies sought by the plaintiffs include orders that (a) the
defendants refund to the Company all directors’ fees and remuneration paid to
them in respect of FY2001 to FY2013 and (b) the defendants be liable in
damages or make restitution of or account for the monies paid by the Company
to SVF. Han and Wang submitted that s 6(1)(d) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”) applied to any claim against them for the
return of monies to the Company. Section 6(1) of the Limitation Act states as
follows:

Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions

6.—(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought after
the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

(b) actions to enforce a recognizance;

(c) actions to enforce an award;

(d) actions to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law other
than a penalty or forfeiture or sum by way of penalty or forfeiture.

163 The plaintiffs relied on Tan Yong San v Neo Kok Eng and others [2011] SGHC
30 (“Tan Yong San”) in which the High Court held that s 6 of the Limitation
Act did not apply to a claim under s 216 since such a claim was statutory in
nature and not founded on a contract, or tort, or any other limb under s 6 of
the Limitation Act (at [95]). I respectfully agree with the decision in Tan
Yong San.

164 Han and Wang tried to draw a distinction between the conduct alleged to be
oppressive and any remedy under s 216 which involves the return of monies
paid. It was submitted that the Limitation Act applies to the latter but not
the former. I disagree with the submission. I agree with Tan Yong San that an
claim under s 216 is statutory in nature and does not fall within any of the
limbs in s 6 of the Limitation Act. The fact that the reliefs sought in such a
claim include the recovery of monies does not make it an action “to recover
any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law” within the meaning of s
6(1)(d) of the Limitation Act.

165 In any event, this issue is moot as, in my view, the appropriate remedy in
this case is a buy out order (see [174] below).

Laches and/or acquiescence

166 The defendants submitted that Lim and Heah must be barred from pursuing
the s 216 Claim either because of laches or acquiescence. The defendants
referred me to Tan Yong San. In that case, the court decided that

(a) equitable defences including laches or inordinate delay are not an
automatic bar to relief under s 216, which is statutory in nature; rather, any
inequity would simply be a relevant factor in the court’s overall assessment
of whether there has been unfairness warranting relief under s 216(2) and what
type of relief is just and equitable in the circumstances (at [106]);

(b) relief may be refused due to the minority shareholder’s acquiescence in
the affairs complained of (at [115]).

167 I respectfully agree with the decision in Tan Yong San that any inequity
(including laches) is just a factor in the overall assessment of unfairness
under s 216 and the relief which should be granted. Acquiescence should be
treated the same way.

168 With respect to delay, the text of s 216(1)(b) contemplates past acts and
conduct. The mere fact that the alleged unfairness occurred in the past should
not defeat an application under s 216: Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan,
Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015) at para 11.046. Merely because a
shareholder does not immediately initiate legal proceedings complaining about
treatment unfairly dished out to him does not mean that he is always precluded
from doing so subsequently: Over & Over at [103].

169 In the present case, the defendants argued that Lim and Heah did not
protest against the directors’ fees and dividends at the AGMs until the AGM
for FY2013 and Lim attended most of the AGMs and approved the directors’ fees
and dividends.

170 I agree with the plaintiffs that the allegations of laches and
acquiescence must be looked at in the context of the following:

(a) At the 28th AGM for FY2001 held in May 2002, Lim protested that the
dividends and directors’ fees were not in the ratio of 75:25. However, Han
insisted that he had misinterpreted the 2001 Agreement. I accept Lim’s
evidence that he felt cowed by Han’s hostility and insistence.

(b) Lim felt that there was no point protesting at the AGM for FY2002 held in
2003 because of what had happened the year before.

(c) At the 30th AGM for FY2003 held in 2004, Heah, Ang and Bernard, acting
through their proxies, (i) appointed Ang, Bernard and Heah’s proxy as
directors; (ii) did not appoint Han and Wang as directors; and (iii) voted
against the resolutions relating to directors’ fees and remuneration. However,
Han disregarded the proxies’ votes and reinstated Wang and himself as
directors.

(d) In 2003, Lim turned down Ang’s request to join him in his action against
Han due to his limited financial resources and the fact that he was still
employed by the Company. Lim felt it was pointless to challenge Han.

(e) I accept the assertions by Lim and Heah that the dismissal of Ang’s suit
against Han in August 2004 made them feel helpless against Han. Lim and Heah
are not as well educated as Han and both are of a gentler disposition compared
to Han. They also had limited financial resources to challenge the defendants.

(f) At the 39th AGM (FY2012) held on 28 June 2013, $2,042,479 was declared as
directors’ fees. Only $500,000 was declared as dividends. Feeling helpless and
disheartened, Lim offered his shares for sale by way of letter dated the same
day. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB 2595 (PCB 131).

Heah followed suit shortly after. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

AB 2612 (PCB 132).

However, their offers to sell their shares were not taken up by the other
shareholders. Lim and Heah then sold their shares to Kwok in February 2014 but
Han and Wang did not approve the transfers to Kwok then.

(g) At the 40th AGM (FY2013) held in 2014, Lim and Heah, through their
proxies, challenged the proposed directors’ fees and directors’ remuneration
and wanted to nominate directors. Han refused to let them vote on the proposed
directors’ fees and remuneration or to nominate directors.

171 In my view, the mere fact that the plaintiffs commenced this action only
in 2014 does not in any way lessen the unfairness of the defendants’
reprehensible conduct towards Lim and Heah. Neither can it be said that there
was any acquiescence on the part of Lim or Heah.

The appropriate relief

172 The plaintiffs sought orders that:

(a) the defendants repay to the Company the overpayment of directors’ fees
received by them;

(b) the defendants be liable in damages for, make restitution of or account
for the monies wrongfully paid by the Company to SVF.

173 In my view, (b) above represents claims by the plaintiffs seeking
restitution of the amounts siphoned off by the defendants from the Company.
These are corporate wrongs that could have been pursued by the plaintiffs by
way of a derivative action under s 216A of the Act. As the Court of Appeal
observed in Sim City at [63], s 216 should not be used to vindicate corporate
wrongs.

174 The relief to be ordered must be made with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of: s 216(2). For the reason stated in [173]
above, the orders sought by the plaintiffs would not address all the matters
complained of. In my view, the more appropriate order to make in this case is
that Han and Wang are to buy the shares held by Kwok in the Company.
Directions can be given for the valuation to take into consideration the
matters complained of.

175 In their statement of claim, the plaintiffs did not ask for an order that
the defendants purchase their shares in the Company. However, the court
hearing an s 216 application “has an unfettered discretion to make such order
as it thinks appropriate” (Low Peng Boon v Low Janie and others and other
appeals [1999] 1 SLR(R) 337 at [55]), and is not constrained by the parties’
pleaded remedies. The issue of a buy out was raised during closing submissions
and the parties made further submissions on this issue. The plaintiffs did not
raise any objections to a buy out by the defendants.

176 I therefore order Han and Wang to purchase Kwok’s shares in the Company at
fair valuation. If parties are unable to agree on the valuer within 21 days,
Kwok, and Han and Wang, are to submit details of their respective proposed
valuers to me within seven days thereafter, and I will decide on the valuer to
be appointed. The costs of the valuation are to be paid by Han, Wang and Kwok
in equal proportions. The shares are to be valued as of the date of this
judgment and the valuer is to proceed on the basis of the following
assumptions:

(a) The total amount of directors’ fees paid out for the period from FY2001 to
FY2013 is $1,571,763 instead of $7,600,027.

(b) The amount of $1,746,000, paid to SVF pursuant to the revenue sharing
arrangement, has been returned to the Company.

(c) An amount of $486,000, paid to SVF as rental, has been returned to the
Company.

(d) The amount of $60,328.27, paid to SVF in respect of the purchase order for
excess stock, has been returned to the Company.

(e) The amount of $229,249.57, paid for the materials used to refurbish the
AMK Church, has been returned to the Company.

177 Lim and Heah are entitled to their costs in this action (including the
counterclaim). Orders would have been made in their favour but for the fact
that Han and Wang registered the transfers to Kwok after all the evidence had
been taken. I therefore order Han and Wang to pay costs to Lim, Heah and Kwok
fixed at $320,000 plus reasonable disbursements to be fixed by me if not
agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judicial Commissioner

Jimmy Yim, SC, Daniel Soo, Andrew Lee and Ben Chia (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiffs;  
Lim Seng Siew (OTP Law Corporation) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

