Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 105

Originating Summons No 593 of 2014

Between

| Deepak Sharma  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Law Society of Singapore  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Administrative Law] — [Judicial review]

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Deepak Sharma

  
v

  

Law Society of Singapore

[2016] SGHC 105

High Court — Originating Summons No 593 of 2014  
Woo Bih Li J  
23, 24 July; 31 August 2015; 24 March 2016

26 May 2016 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

1 Originating Summons No 593 of 2014 (“OS 593”) is an application by Mr Deepak
Sharma (“Mr Sharma”) under O 53 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014
Rev Ed) for judicial review against the decision of a review committee (“the
RC”) constituted under s 85(6) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“LPA”). Mr Sharma seeks leave to apply for and the grant of the following
primary reliefs:

(a) A quashing order against the decision of the RC which dismissed Mr
Sharma’s complaints against Mr Yeo Khirn Hai Alvin SC (“Mr Yeo SC”) and
partially dismissed Mr Sharma’s complaints against Ms Melanie Ho Pei Shien
(“Ms Ho”) made by way of Mr Sharma’s letter of complaint to the Law Society of
Singapore (“Law Society”) dated 23 January 2014; and

(b) A mandatory order that Mr Sharma’s complaint against Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho
dated 23 January 2014 be reviewed by a freshly appointed and constituted
Review Committee.

2 In support of his application, Mr Sharma relied on the following three
grounds:

(a) The RC erred in law and/or misdirected itself as to the law, in concluding
that professional misconduct through gross overcharging could not be
established by objective evidence that the fees claimed were grossly excessive
in the “absence of other impropriety”;

(b) The RC erred in law and/or misdirected itself as to the law in its
conclusion that the pursuit of the fees claimed could not constitute
professional misconduct on the basis that they reflected the work of all the
solicitors involved; and

(c) The RC’s reasons for concluding that the complaint against Mr Yeo SC were
lacking in substance, were legally inadequate and unsustainable in law, being
incapable of sustaining the RC’s conclusion, and having no reasonable or
proper evidential basis, and were not open to the RC acting reasonably and
lawfully.

Background

3 The facts in this present application are not in dispute. In 2010, Mr
Sharma’s wife, Dr Susan Lim (“Dr Lim”), commenced court proceedings against
the Singapore Medical Council (“SMC”) in connection with earlier disciplinary
proceedings brought by the SMC against Dr Lim. The court proceedings commenced
by Dr Lim were Originating Summons No 1131 of 2010 (“OS 1131”) and Originating
Summons No 1252 of 2010 (“OS 1252”). Dr Lim withdrew OS 1131 and the High
Court dismissed OS 1252. Dr Lim then appealed against the dismissal of OS 1252
in Civil Appeal No 80 of 2011 (“CA 80”). The Court of Appeal dismissed her
appeal. Dr Lim was liable to pay costs on the standard basis to the SMC for OS
1131, OS 1252 and CA 80.

4 Subsequently, the SMC’s solicitors WongPartnership LLP (“WP”) sent a Without
Prejudice letter dated 12 March 2012 to Dr Lim’s solicitors, Rajah & Tann
Singapore LLP (“R&T”), proposing a total sum of $865,000 (excluding Goods and
Services Tax (“GST”) and disbursements) for the costs of the court proceedings
mentioned above in [3] (“WP’s Letter of Proposal”). On 8 June 2012, R&T
replied on a Without Prejudice basis to WP objecting to the sum proposed by WP
and counter-proposing a total sum of $214,000 for the same three proceedings
and one summons (including GST but excluding disbursements). This counter-
proposal was rejected by WP orally and then by way of a letter dated 20
November 2012.

5 WP then proceeded to draw up three bills of costs (“the Bills of Costs”),
this time claiming a total sum of $1,007,009.37 (excluding GST and
disbursements). They were Bill of Costs No 65 of 2013 (“BC 65”), Bill of Costs
No 66 of 2013 (“BC 66”) and Bill of Costs No 71 of 2013 (“BC 71”). This sum
was again disputed by R&T and the matter went on to taxation before an
Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) on 25 June 2013. The AR taxed down the costs
claimed by the SMC in the Bills of Costs to $340,000.

6 Dissatisfied with the outcome, WP applied for a review of the AR’s decision.
For the hearing of that review, WP reduced the total sum claimed through the
Bills of Costs to $720,000 (excluding GST and disbursements), ie, a reduction
of $287,009.37. At the review hearing on 12 August 2013 before me, WP
explained the reduction on the basis that they “gave a discount of 20% on the
time used because of the overlap between lawyers. Then [they] excluded re-
getting up for new lawyers who joined the team”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff Bundle of Documents Vol 1 (“PBD1”) at p 778.

After hearing the parties, I increased the amount allowed on one of the bills
of costs by $30,000 and maintained the amounts for the other two, bringing the
total sum allowed on the Bills of Costs to $370,000.

7 On 23 January 2014, Mr Sharma sent a letter of complaint to the Law Society
against Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho, who were the solicitors from WP representing the
SMC (“the Complaint”). The nub of Mr Sharma’s complaint was that the costs Mr
Yeo SC and Ms Ho sought to recover from Dr Lim were clearly exorbitant and
their actions amounted to grossly improper conduct and/or conduct unbecoming
as members of an honourable profession. To support his complaint, Mr Sharma
also attached an opinion by Mr Ian Winter QC, who was of the view that “a
prima facie case of grossly improper conduct and/or conduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession on the basis of gross overcharging” had arisen. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PBD1, p 521at para 47.

8 The RC was subsequently constituted under s 85(6) of the LPA. Before I
continue, I would mention that the LPA is the main legislation governing the
conduct of advocates and solicitors practising Singapore law in Singapore. I
have referred to such advocates and solicitors as “solicitors” for convenience
and will continue to do so. Pursuant to s 85(8) of the LPA, the RC was to
review the complaint and direct the Council of the Law Society (“the Council”)
to dismiss the matter if it was unanimously of the opinion that the complaint
was “frivolous, vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance”, or in any
other case, refer the matter back to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel (“the
Chairman”). The RC reviewed Mr Sharma’s complaint and directed the Council to
dismiss it in whole as against Mr Yeo SC and in part as against Ms Ho. The
reasons for the RC’s decision were conveyed to Mr Sharma by way of a letter
dated 10 April 2014 from the Law Society (“the Decision Letter”), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PBD1 at pp 21–26.

and it bears setting out in some detail. Before I do so, I would mention that
eventually the full report of the RC was provided to the court before the
completion of the hearing before me. However, as arguments had been made by
reference to the Decision Letter and there was no suggestion that that letter
had inaccurately stated the reasons of the RC, I will continue to refer to
that letter. Where necessary, I will also refer to the report.

The Decision Letter

9 The RC distilled Mr Sharma’s complaint into two main limbs. The first was
that “the sums claimed by [Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho] were exorbitant and
demonstrative of a persistent conduct of gross overcharging by [Mr Yeo SC and
Ms Ho] as well as improper and/or fraudulent conduct that was opportunistic,
arbitrary, unconscionable and unjustified” (“Limb 1”). The second was that
“the sums claimed [by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho] were probably in excess of what was
billed to, or could have been billed under arrangements with [Mr Yeo SC’s and
Ms Ho’s] client, ie, the [SMC] to which [Mr Sharma] assert[s] that the claim
for party and party costs were in excess of the actual sums billed, or that
could be billed under arrangements agreed with the SMC and amounted to
misconduct” (“Limb 2”). Mr Sharma did not argue that this was an incorrect or
unfair characterisation of his complaint.

10 At the outset, the RC observed that while Mr Sharma was neither a client
nor a party to the proceedings against Dr Lim, he was funding the legal
expenses and the information furnished by him was legitimately the subject
matter of a complaint. Hence, the review by the RC related to the substance of
Mr Sharma’s complaint and not his standing in the matter.

11 The RC also noted that “in so far as what constitutes professional
misconduct, liability is dependent on an actual act or omission on the part of
a solicitor which clearly arises from his/her personal conduct” and that the
Complaint thus lacked details on the following matters:

(a) The respective roles of Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho in the matter; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PBD1, p 22 at para 8.

and

(b) The terms of engagement between the SMC and WP, the amounts billed and the
amounts that would have been due under the terms of engagement. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PBD1, p 23 at para 11.

This was in the context of Limb 2 of the Complaint.

12 The RC then sought clarification from WP to which WP replied as follows: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PBD1, p 23 para 12.

(a) Mr Yeo SC although the counsel in the proceedings against Dr Lim was not
involved in drawing up the Bills of Costs or the taxation proceedings;

(b) The engagement by the SMC was on WP’s standard fee arrangement based on
actual time spent by the solicitors on the files; and

(c) Each of WP’s bills were approved by the SMC and paid in full.

Written confirmation was also provided by the SMC that the total amount billed
by WP to the SMC was higher than the quantum claimed in the Bills of Costs and
that the SMC had paid the bills in relation to the matters in full. Copies of
the bills rendered by WP to the SMC were also provided to the RC. However, WP
took the position that the contents of significant parts of its response to
the RC were only made available to the RC to address its queries, and that no
reference should be made to these parts in the written grounds of the RC’s
decision. The RC was of the view that the material was covered by privilege
which had been expressly reserved. It was therefore bound by the conditions
imposed by WP. However, it was also of the view that it would be neither fair
nor appropriate to consider such material in reaching a determination without
setting out the import of the material. As it was precluded from setting out
the import of the material, it decided not to consider it.

13 The RC then made the following findings and directions in relation to Limb
1 of the Complaint:

(a) There was no specific allegation in the complaint that Mr Yeo SC was
involved in the preparation of the Bills of Costs and the proceedings related
thereto;

(b) Further to the confirmation by WP that Mr Yeo SC was not involved in the
matters complained of, the RC noted that the Notes of Evidence produced by Mr
Sharma did not show Mr Yeo as being present at the taxation hearings;

(c) In relation to the Bills of Costs being excessive, “the fact that the
[b]ills were eventually taxed down significantly does not in itself give rise
to an inquiry of professional misconduct, in the absence of other
impropriety.” In this regard, the RC noted that Mr Sharma had alleged that the
effective hourly rate would be excessive but “the RC accept[ed] the amounts in
the Bills of Costs reflect[ed] the work of all the solicitors involved”; and

(d) Thus, Limb 1 against both Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho was lacking in substance,
and the RC directed the Council to dismiss this header of the complaint.

14 In relation to Limb 2 of the Complaint, the RC found and directed as
follows:

(a) Mr Yeo SC was not involved with the preparation of the Bills of Costs and
the proceedings related thereto. Therefore, there was no misconduct on his
part and the RC directed the Council to dismiss Limb 2 in respect of Mr Yeo;
and

(b) Insofar as Limb 2 pertained to Ms Ho, the complaint was not frivolous,
vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance and the matter was referred
back to the Chairman to constitute an Inquiry Committee (“IC”) to inquire into
Limb 2 against Ms Ho.

15 Mr Sharma then filed OS 593 on 26 June 2014. On the same day, Originating
Summons No 595 of 2014 was filed for ad hoc admission of Mr Michael Fordham QC
under the LPA to represent Mr Sharma in OS 593. The application for ad hoc
admission was dismissed by Steven Chong J on 5 November 2014 and no appeal was
filed against that dismissal. The judgment of Chong J is found in Re Fordham,
Michael QC [2015] 1 SLR 272 (“Re Fordham, Michael QC”).

16 Mr Sharma also filed an application (Summons No 3271 of 2014) on 30 June
2014 to have the IC proceedings against Ms Ho stayed until OS 593 had been
determined. This application came before me on 22 July 2014 and I stayed the
IC proceedings until further order.

17 Finally, in a hearing before me on 4 May 2015, I directed that the leave
application and the substantive merits of OS 593 be heard together and on an
inter partes basis.

Issues

18 The issues that arise in the application for leave are as follows:

(a) Whether the decision of the RC is susceptible to judicial review; and

(b) Whether Mr Sharma has sufficient locus standi to bring the present
judicial review application.

19 If leave were to be granted, the following issues arise in relation to the
substantive merits of the application:

(a) Whether the RC erred in law in concluding that an inquiry of professional
misconduct does not arise even if the Bills of Costs were taxed down
significantly unless there is other impropriety shown;

(b) Whether the RC erred in law in concluding that the pursuit of the fees
claimed could not constitute professional misconduct on the basis that they
reflected the work of all the solicitors involved; and

(c) Whether the RC erred in law, was irrational or unfair in finding that Mr
Yeo SC was not involved in the matters complained of based on WP’s
clarification that he was “not involved in drawing up the Bills of Costs or
the taxation proceedings”.

20 I will set out the parties’ submissions in relation to each of these issues
in detail as I deal with them respectively. Before I continue, I would mention
that in the taxation of the Bills of Costs and review of taxation, Dr Lim was
represented by R&T. In the present proceedings, Mr Sharma is represented by
Providence Law Asia LLC.

The leave application

21 The test for granting leave to bring judicial review proceedings is well
settled. The court must be satisfied that (see Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v
Attorney-General [2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5]):

(a) The matter complained of is susceptible to judicial review;

(b) The plaintiff has a sufficient interest or standing in the matter; and

(c) The material before the court discloses an arguable case or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law remedies
sought by the plaintiff.

Susceptibility of the RC’s decision to judicial review

22 Mr Sharma argued that judicial review of the RC’s decision is in principle
available because the source of the power and function exercised by the RC is
statutory, and this statutory power and function has a public element to it.
He further submitted that there is no express Parliamentary intention to
exclude judicial review of the RC’s findings and decisions. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at paras 16 and 18.

In this regard, the Attorney-General confirmed during the oral hearing that he
is in agreement with Mr Sharma. The Attorney-General took the view that where
the decision-maker’s power comes from statute and has a public element to it,
the default position is for judicial review to be available where the statute
is silent on the matter and it is in the public interest for decisions of a
body like the RC to be susceptible to judicial review.

23 The Law Society did not dispute that the source of the RC’s power is
statutory. It also did not appear to dispute that the nature of the RC’s power
has a public element to it. Nonetheless, the Law Society, relying on the
authority of Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v Attorney-General
[2013] 2 SLR 844 (“Manjit Singh (CA)”), argued that the presence of
“compelling reasons” renders the RC’s findings and decisions unamenable to
judicial review. These “compelling reasons” are that the disciplinary
framework envisioned within the LPA, specifically ss 91A, 96, 97, 98 and 106,
strongly suggests that Parliament intended for the RC’s findings and decisions
to not be susceptible to judicial review.

24 In Manjit Singh (CA), the Court of Appeal (“CA”) considered the question of
whether, in some circumstances, a power conferred by statute may not be
amenable to judicial review. The CA held at [28] and [32] as follows:

28 In our view, just as the courts have accepted that non-statutory powers may
in some circumstances be amenable to judicial review, the mere fact that a
power stems from statute should not necessarily mean that it is amenable to
judicial review. Nonetheless, the fact that a particular power stems from
statute should ordinarily mean that it is amenable to judicial review in the
absence of compelling reasons to the contrary. …

…

32 In Regina (Beer (trading as Hammer Trout Farm)) v Hampshire Farmers’
Markets Ltd [2004] 1 WLR 233, one of the issues before the English Court of
Appeal was whether a decision of a private company limited by guarantee to
reject an application by a trout producer to participate in a farmers’ market
programme was amenable to judicial review. The English Court of Appeal held
that it was. Dyson LJ made the following broad observations (at [16]) with
which we agree:

16 It seems to me that the law has now been developed to the point where,
unless the source of power clearly provides the answer, the question whether
the decision of a body is amenable to judicial review requires a careful
consideration of the nature of the power and function that has been exercised
to see whether the decision has a sufficient public element, flavour or
character to bring it within the purview of public law. It may be said with
some justification that this criterion for amenability is very broad, not to
say question-begging. But it provides the framework for the investigation that
has to be conducted. …

Where there is a compelling reason which indicates the absence of such a
public element in what is nonetheless a statutory power or duty, there would
be no good reason to subject the exercise of such a power or duty, which may
already be governed by private law obligations and remedies, to public law
remedies in judicial review proceedings.

[emphasis in original]

25 It is apparent that the “compelling reason” the CA was referring to in
Manjit Singh (CA) are those reasons which “indicate the absence of … a public
element” in the statutory power that is being sought to be judicially
reviewed. Since the Law Society did not dispute that the source of the RC’s
power is statutory and its nature has a public element to it, the RC’s
exercise of that power in coming to a decision should in principle be
judicially reviewable. The “compelling reasons” that the Law Society had
relied on, viz, that the legislative framework of the LPA indicates that
Parliament had intended to preclude review committee decisions from judicial
review, are of a different nature from the “compelling reasons” enunciated in
Manjit Singh (CA). What the Law Society was really arguing was that Parliament
intended to oust the jurisdiction of the court vis-à-vis decisions by a review
committee. This in turn requires an analysis of the disciplinary framework
envisioned by the LPA.

26 The starting point is that the LPA is silent as to whether the decisions of
a review committee are susceptible to judicial review. According to the
learned authors of Lord Woolf et al, De Smith’s Judicial Review (Sweet &
Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2013) (“De Smith’s Judicial Review”) at para 4-015:

… It is a function of the judiciary to determine the lawfulness of the acts
and decisions and orders of public bodies exercising public functions, and to
afford protection to the rights of the citizens. Legislation that deprives
them of these powers is inimical to the principle of the rule of law. The
courts have, accordingly, long been zealous to resist restrictions on their
jurisdiction imposed by legislation. … [emphasis added]

Hence, words in a statute that purport to oust the jurisdiction of the court
to review decisions of an inferior tribunal or a public body exercising public
functions must be construed strictly (Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Minister for Manpower (formerly known as Minister of Labour) [1999] 2
SLR(R) 866 at [21] citing South East Asia Fire Bricks Sdn Bhd v Non-Metallic
Minieral Products Manufacturing Employees Union and Others [1981] AC 363 with
approval). It stands to reason that if a statute is silent as to whether the
jurisdiction of the court to review such decisions is ousted, Parliament’s
intention to that effect must be abundantly clear before the court will find
that its jurisdiction has been ousted.

27 The Law Society argued that Parliament intended for a complainant to have
no recourse to court over a review committee’s decision for the following
reasons: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at paras 22–28.

(a) There is a clear escalation process structured within the disciplinary
framework of the LPA. A complaint goes through a series of bodies constituted
under the LPA, each of which has its duties and functions specifically
delineated in the LPA. Further, there are various recourses available to a
solicitor or complainant built into the various stages of the disciplinary
framework under the LPA (for example, s 96 of the LPA sets out the procedure
for a complainant dissatisfied with the Council’s determination under s
87(1)(a) and (b) of the LPA).

(b) Section 91A of the LPA evidences that Parliament contemplated judicial
review as a form of recourse within the LPA when amending the LPA in 2008.
Parliament expressly provided for a judicial review mechanism for decisions
made by a Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) but did not do so for those made by a
review committee.

(c) Section 106 of the LPA supports an interpretation that a review
committee’s decision is final, non-appealable and non-reviewable. This is
consistent with Parliament’s intention for the review committee to act as a
preliminary sifting mechanism for complaints.

(d) The decisions made within the disciplinary framework of the LPA are of a
sui generis nature. To support this proposition, the Law Society relies on
statements made by the CA in Law Society of Singapore v Top Ten Entertainment
Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 1279 (“Top Ten Entertainment”) that “Pt VII [of the LPA]
provides a self-contained disciplinary framework outside the civil proceedings
framework” (at [44]) and Re Naplon Zero Geraldo Mario [2013] 3 SLR 258 (“Re
Naplon Zero”) that the “disciplinary jurisdiction is a unique jurisdiction
entirely distinct from civil or criminal jurisdiction of the court” (at [69]).

(e) Taken together, the omission of any mention of judicial review over a
review committee’s decisions in the LPA should be interpreted as an intention
by Parliament to preclude such judicial review.

28 Before dealing with the Law Society’s arguments, I set out the disciplinary
framework under the LPA in gist. A complaint made against a solicitor to the
Law Society will first be referred to the Chairman (see s 85(1A)). The
Chairman will then constitute a review committee which will review the
complaint. If that committee finds the complaint frivolous, vexatious,
misconceived or lacking in substance, it is to direct the Council to dismiss
the matter and give the reasons for the dismissal. In any other case, it is to
refer the complaint back to the Chairman (see ss 85(6) and 85(8)). If the
complaint is to be dismissed, the Council is to give effect to the review
committee’s decision and inform the complainant and the solicitor of the
dismissal and furnish the complainant with the reasons for its dismissal. The
LPA does not expressly provide the complainant with any recourse thereafter.

29 If the complaint is referred back to the Chairman, the Chairman will then
constitute an IC to inquire into the complaint (see s 85(10)). The IC will
then render a report to the Council with its recommendation. Upon considering
the report, the Council may determine that (a) a formal investigation is not
necessary; (b) no cause of sufficient gravity exists for a formal
investigation but that the solicitor should be given a warning, reprimanded or
ordered to pay a penalty; (c) there should be a formal investigation by a DT;
or (d) the matter be referred back to the IC for reconsideration or for a
further report (see s 87(1)).

30 If the Council determines that a formal investigation is not necessary (ie,
(a) or (b) in [29] above), the complainant may apply to a judge of the High
Court to review the matter (see s 96(1)). At the hearing of the application,
the judge may affirm the determination of the Council or direct the Law
Society to apply to the Chief Justice (“CJ”) to appoint a DT (see s 96(4)).

31 If the Council decides that a formal investigation is necessary (ie, (c) in
[29] above), it shall then apply to the CJ to appoint a DT to hear and
investigate the matter (see s 89(1)). The DT will determine one of the
following: (a) no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists;
(b) while no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists, the
solicitor should be reprimanded or ordered to pay a penalty; or (c) cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists (see s 93(1)).

32 If the DT determines that no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary
action exists (ie, (a) or (b) in [31] above), the complainant, the solicitor
or the Council may apply to a judge of the High Court to review that
determination or order (see s 97(1)). If the DT determines that cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists, the Law Society shall then
apply for the matter to be heard by a court of three judges (see s 94(1) read
with s 98(7)). A decision of the court of three judges is final and non-
appealable (see s 98(7)) and the matter would end there.

33 It is thus clear that there is an elaborate stepped process by which a
complaint to the Law Society is dealt with. The LPA not only provides for how
the complaint is to be dealt with at each stage of the process, it provides
for various recourses available to dissatisfied parties at some of these
stages. This, however, does not in and of itself indicate that Parliament
intended for the disciplinary process to be self-contained to the effect that
any recourse outside of the LPA is excluded. The courts have consistently
found that judicial review is available at various stages of the disciplinary
process even though the LPA is silent on the issue, for example, see
Whitehouse Holdings Pte Ltd v Law Society of Singapore [1994] 2 SLR(R) 485
(“Whitehouse Holdings”) where the CA held at [37] that judicial review was
available over a determination of the Council made under s 87(1) of the LPA;
see also Carolyn Tan Beng Hui v The Law Society of Singapore [1999] SGHC 23
(“Carolyn Tan”) where the court held at [11] that the IC’s decision was
subject to judicial review. The inclusion of the review committee into the
stepped disciplinary process does not per se preclude its decisions from
judicial review. Furthermore, it is important to remember that while various
recourses are available to a complainant at other stages, the LPA is silent as
to the recourse available to a complainant when the review committee directs
the Council to dismiss the complaint.

34 The Law Society’s reliance on the cases of Top Ten Entertainment and Re
Naplon Zero is incorrect. Those cases stand for the proposition that decisions
made by a judge or the CJ under Part VII of the LPA are exercises of the
court’s unique disciplinary jurisdiction distinct from its civil or criminal
jurisdiction and it is in this sense that proceedings under the LPA are part
of a “self-contained disciplinary framework” and appeals against such
decisions are not available. They have no bearing on whether judicial review
is available over decisions made under the disciplinary framework of the LPA
(which may include decisions made by bodies other than the court). To the
extent that the Law Society is arguing that such decisions are so unique that
judicial review should not apply to them, I reiterate the oft-quoted statement
of the CA in Chng Suan Tze v Minister of Home Affairs [1998] 2 SLR(R) 525 at
[86] that all power has legal limits and the rule of law demands that the
courts should be able to examine the exercise of discretionary power. It is
precisely the exercise of such sui generis statutory powers that judicial
review is meant to police.

35 The introduction of s 91A of the LPA does not change the analysis. Section
91A(1) of the LPA provides:

Restriction of judicial review

91A.—(1) Except as provided in sections 82A, 97 and 98, there shall be no
judicial review in any court of any act done or decision made by the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

As can be seen, judicial review of an act or a decision of a DT is not
entirely precluded. It is subject to s 82A, 97 and 98 of the LPA. I will
elaborate later on ss 97 and 98, and need only note here that s 98 also
applies to certain findings of the DT under s 87A. More importantly, a plain
reading of s 91A shows that it applies only to acts done and decisions made by
a DT and does not extend to those of a review committee. This is supported by
the CA’s decision in Manjit Singh (CA) where the CA considered whether s 91A
applied to the CJ’s decision to appoint members of the DT under s 90(1) of the
LPA. The CA held that it did not since the CJ’s decision was neither “an act”
nor “a decision” of the DT. Furthermore, during the Second Reading of the
Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill (No 16 of 2008) (“Second Reading of the
Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill 2008”) which introduced s 91A into the LPA,
the Minister for Law stated that s 91A was intended by Parliament to exclude
judicial review of “the Disciplinary Tribunal’s decision” (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (26 August 2008) vol 84 col 3187). The
CA concluded that there was “no indication that s 91A … was intended by
Parliament to exclude judicial review of decisions by persons other than the
DT” [emphasis added] (Manjit Singh (CA) at [58]). This reasoning similarly
applies to decisions made by a review committee.

36 Second, the fact that s 91A expressly reserves some avenues of judicial
review over acts done or decisions made by a DT and not those of a review
committee cuts both ways. On the Law Society’s reading, this means that
Parliament intended to completely preclude review committee decisions from
judicial review, especially when considered against the elaborate stepped
disciplinary process identified above at [33]. On the other hand, the
legislative silence in relation to review committee decisions may just as
easily be interpreted as an intention by Parliament to restrict judicial
review over decisions made by a DT only but not those made by a review
committee. Therefore, decisions by a review committee continue to be subject
to judicial review. I am of the view that the latter interpretation is the
correct one.

37 As I have mentioned earlier, judicial review should in principle be
available over decisions made by a review committee (at [25] above). The fact
that the LPA is silent on the availability of judicial review over a review
committee’s decisions, even in the light of s 91A, is insufficient to change
this. The CA in Manjit Singh (CA) held that judicial review was available over
the CJ’s decision under s 90(1) despite the presence of s 91A and even though
there was no express provision for such review in the LPA. Also, the CJ was
not exercising his power under s 90(1) in a judicial capacity. The CA also
said at [61]:

61 We also noted that although Parliament had expressed its intention in 2008
to reduce delays in disciplinary proceedings, it had chosen to give effect to
this intention by, inter alia, replacing the Disciplinary Committee with a
Disciplinary Tribunal (see [57] above) and by enacting s 91A of the LPA in
those terms. The scope of s 91A of the LPA is very precise. That was the
extent of Parliament’s intention. Parliament did not, for example, go on to
prescribe that there shall be no judicial review of the disciplinary process
once a request is made by the Council of the Law Society to the CJ to appoint
a DT pursuant to s 89(1) of the LPA. [emphasis added]

38 I am reinforced in my view by the rationale for introducing s 91A of the
LPA in 2008. Prior to the amendments in 2008, it was well-established that the
findings and determination of a DT (then known as a Disciplinary Committee
(“DC”)) could be subject to judicial review notwithstanding that the
complainant or the solicitor had a right to apply to a single judge under the
then s 97 of the LPA or that the solicitor might have to show cause before a
court of three judges. This resulted in a situation where judicial review
challenges were made to the courts even before the DT had made a
determination, causing the disciplinary process to be delayed significantly.
In order to resolve this delay, Parliament amended ss 97 and 98 of the LPA
along with the introduction of s 91A. The amendment to s 97 provides a single
judge with the power of judicial review over the determinations of a DT where
the DT has determined that there is no need for show cause proceedings before
the court of three judges. The amendment to s 98 provides the court of three
judges the power to determine “any question as to the correctness, legality or
propriety of the determination of the [DT], or as to the regularity of any
proceedings of the [DT]” (see s 98(8)(a) of the LPA). In other words, the
court of three judges now decides both the merits and any judicial review
challenges (see Mohd Sadique bin Ibrahim Marican and another v Law Society of
Singapore [2010] 3 SLR 1097 at [10]). The purpose of s 91A is thus to restrict
judicial review over determinations of a DT by consolidating the judicial
review process with the hearing on the merits into one process, instead of
maintaining them as two distinctly separate processes. Judicial review remains
available, but only through the single judge process under s 97 (in the event
there are no show cause proceedings) or the court of three judges under s 98
(in the event there are show cause proceedings). This is confirmed by the
Minister of Law’s statement in the Second Reading of the Legal Profession
(Amendment) Bill 2008 (at col 3251) which is as follows:

Mr Sin Boon Ann asked why do we have clause 36 [which introduced s 91A of the
LPA] which restricts judicial review. In fact, he said "ousted" judicial
review. "It is an important constitutional safeguard. Why are we doing this?"
I would clarify that judicial review is not "ousted". What we are doing is
deferring it, because what has happened in the past is that even before the
tribunal proceedings and disciplinary proceedings are over, there were
repeated applications for judicial review, which then dragged on and delayed
the entire proceedings, vastly contributing to delays. So, the approach has
been to finish with the process, then you go for judiciary review. Anyway,
when you go before the Court of Three Judges, you can raise all the arguments
that you could have raised during the judicial review. So the lawyer is, to
that extent, not in any worse-off position but what he cannot do now is to try
and interrupt or delay the ongoing proceedings.

[emphasis added]

39 Viewed against this background, s 91A is more accurately characterised as
restricting or consolidating the then existing judicial review process over DT
decisions to the extent provided under ss 82A, 97 and 98 of the LPA. This is
in contrast to the characterisation of the provision by the Law Society as
“[providing] judicial review as a form of recourse … for DT proceedings”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DWS at para 27(2).

Section 91A’s purpose is to speed up the disciplinary process at the DT stage.
It would be a stretch, on a purposive statutory interpretation, to say that by
restricting or consolidating the judicial review process over DT decisions,
Parliament intended to completely exclude judicial review over decisions of a
review committee which is an entirely different stage of the disciplinary
process.

40 Further, the overall scheme of the disciplinary process under the LPA
points towards judicial review being available over decisions of a review
committee. At other stages of the disciplinary process, recourse to the court
is provided to the complainant if his or her complaint does not progress on to
the next stage of the disciplinary process. If the Council determines that
there is no need for a formal investigation after considering the IC’s report,
the complainant may apply to a judge of the High Court under s 96(1) of the
LPA. If a DT determines that there is no need for show cause proceedings
before the court of three judges, the complainant may similarly apply to a
judge of the High Court for a review of that determination under s 97(1) of
the LPA. Given that the review by a review committee represents the most
preliminary inquiry into the matter, it would be odd for Parliament to have
intended for there to be no recourse to a complainant if his or her complaint
is dismissed by the review committee. Furthermore, if a review committee
directs the Council to dismiss the complaint in breach of the statutory
obligations of the review committee, the complainant is left without any
remedy.

41 The Second Reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill (No 39 of 2001)
where the mechanism of the review committee was first introduced shows that
the review committee was set up as a “sifting mechanism” to weed out frivolous
complaints and was aimed at reducing the caseload of the IC and to speed up
the disciplinary process (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (5
October 2001) vol 73 col 2196). The Law Society argued that it would be
inconsistent with this purpose to allow judicial review over decisions by a
review committee. In my view, allowing a complainant to apply for judicial
review will not interfere with the review committee’s function as a sifting
mechanism although it may appear that the availability of judicial review may
result in delay to the disciplinary process.

42 In the first place, if judicial review is available, it may arguably be
restricted to complainants only. This is because if a complaint is not
dismissed, the solicitor will still have his chance to address the IC. On the
other hand, a complainant has no recourse if his complaint is dismissed and
judicial review is not available. Even with judicial review, the court
considers the process by which the review committee reached its decision and
not the merits of the decision. With respect to the apparent delay in the
disciplinary process, I quote again a relevant observation by the CA in Manjit
Singh (CA) at [60]:

60 While we agreed with the Respondent that the Appellants’ application for
leave to apply for a quashing order had the effect of delaying the
disciplinary proceedings against them arising out of Ms Rankine’s complaint,
this could not per se constitute a sufficient basis to hold that the CJ’s
power under s 90(1) of the LPA was not amenable to judicial review. Although
persons who lodge complaints against their lawyers or former lawyers will
understandably wish for a speedy resolution of their complaints, there is also
a public interest in ensuring that statutory powers are exercised lawfully.
This is the very object of judicial review.

[emphasis added]

43 Finally, the Law Society relied on s 106 of the LPA to argue that the right
to judicial review over decisions of a review committee is precluded unless
bad faith or malice is proved to the court, or there are other express
provisions to the contrary in the LPA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DWS at para 49.

Section 106 provides:

No action in absence of bad faith

106. No action or proceeding shall lie against the Attorney-General, the Society, the Council, a Review Committee or any member thereof, an Inquiry Committee or any member thereof, or a Disciplinary Tribunal or any member or the secretary thereof for any act or thing done under this Act unless it is proved to the court that the act or thing was done in bad faith or with malice.

Mr Sharma argued that s 106 does not have the effect of ousting judicial
review over decisions made by a review committee. Section 106 is concerned
with shielding the parties named therein from being sued (for example, in
tort) for actions taken in the discharge of their duties under the LPA. The
Attorney-General was in agreement with Mr Sharma’s argument.

44 I am of the view that the Law Society’s reliance on s 106 is incorrect. To
begin with, there is a well-established body of jurisprudence that has held
that judicial review is available over the parties named in s 106 despite the
presence of s 106 or its predecessor. I have already referred to the cases of
Whitehouse Holdings and Carolyn Tan at [33] above. Another example is Re
Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“Re Shankar Alan”) where
Sundaresh Menon JC held that judicial review was available over determinations
made by the DT (then known as the DC) notwithstanding that show cause
proceedings were available to the solicitor before the court of three judges
(though this has been legislatively amended via s 91A of the LPA). As pointed
out by Mr Sharma, there was always some version of s 106 within the LPA (there
is minimal difference between the versions) when these cases were decided. It
may be the case that there was no argument on the provision but in my view,
the more likely scenario is that counsel for the Law Society in those cases
did not consider that provision to oust judicial review.

45 The Law Society responded by arguing that in all of these cases, there was
an equivalent of ss 96 and 97 of the LPA such that the court’s exercise of
judicial review may very well have been a review under those provisions.
Therefore, the cases do not indicate whether s 106 is an ouster provision. I
am unable to accept the Law Society’s argument. In Re Shankar Alan, s 97 was
not referred to at all given that the DT (then known as the DC) had found that
the solicitor was guilty of the allegations against him. This was rightly so
because s 97, which provides for review by a judge of the High Court only if
the DT determines that no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action
exists, would not have applied. The same can be observed in Carolyn Tan where
Choo Han Teck JC held that the IC was subject to judicial review. Sections 96
and 97 were not referred to at all as they were not applicable to decisions
made by the IC.

46 Section 106 of the LPA should also be compared with s 33B(4) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). In Cheong Chun Yin v Attorney-
General [2014] 3 SLR 1141 (“Cheong Chun Yin”), the court had to consider the
effect of s 33B(4) of the MDA on the court’s jurisdiction to review the Public
Prosecutor’s decision as to whether any person had substantively assisted the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in disrupting drug trafficking activities
within or outside Singapore. Section 33B(4) provides:

(4) The determination of whether or not any person has substantively assisted
the Central Narcotics Bureau in disrupting drug trafficking activities shall
be at the sole discretion of the Public Prosecutor and no action or proceeding
shall lie against the Public Prosecutor in relation to any such determination
unless it is proved to the court that the determination was done in bad faith
or with malice.

[emphasis added]

Tay Yong Kwang J held that the effect of s 33B(4) was that the Public
Prosecutor has the “sole discretion” whether to certify that a person has
substantively assisted the CNB and his “exercise of discretion can only be
challenged [by judicial review] on the grounds of bad faith and malice”. Tay J
further found that unconstitutionality, though not expressly mentioned in s
33B(4), is another ground for challenge. This reading was supported by the
statement of the Minister of Law during the Second Reading of the Misuse of
Drugs (Amendment) Bill (No 27 of 2012) that the Public Prosecutor’s discretion
is subject to judicial review, either on bad faith, malice or
unconstitutionality.

47 In the present case, the term “sole discretion” is conspicuously missing
from s 106 of the LPA. Further, there is no such clear statement by Parliament
of an intention to restrict judicial review over decisions made by the parties
named in s 106. As I have mentioned earlier at [26], clear and explicit words
indicating Parliament’s intention must be present before the court will
relinquish its supervisory jurisdiction over inferior tribunals or public
bodies performing public functions. Section 106, whether taken on its own or
when read against the disciplinary framework of the LPA, does not have such
clear and explicit words.

48 In addition, reading s 106 to exclude judicial review over decisions made
by the parties named therein would sit somewhat uncomfortably with s 91A of
the LPA. If s 106 had the effect of restricting judicial review over a DT’s
decisions to bad faith and malice, it would have been unnecessary for
Parliament to further introduce s 91A to exclude judicial review except as
provided in ss 82A, 97 and 98.

49 In conclusion, I am of the view that the RC’s findings and decisions are
susceptible to judicial review.

Whether Mr Sharma has sufficient standing

50 I come to the issue of whether Mr Sharma has sufficient standing to bring
the present judicial review proceedings. This issue was broken down into two
sub-issues by the parties:

(a) Whether Mr Sharma had sufficient standing to make the Complaint to the Law
Society; and

(b) If so, whether Mr Sharma has sufficient standing to bring the present
judicial review proceedings.

Mr Sharma’s standing to make the Complaint to the Law Society

51 At the core of this sub-issue lies the question of whether a complainant is
required to establish standing when making a complaint against a solicitor to
the Law Society. This question was first raised during the hearing of the
application for the ad hoc admission of Michael Fordham QC before Chong J (see
[15] above). As Chong J highlighted, this question has hitherto not been
considered in our courts. However, as it was unnecessary for Chong J to come
to a definitive conclusion on the issue for the purposes of the ad hoc
admission, he declined to answer it and left the issue to be fully explored
and determined during the present application. Nonetheless, Chong J did
express some preliminary observations on the matter which I will address
shortly.

52 Mr Sharma’s position on this issue was that a person who wishes to make a
complaint against a solicitor does not need to establish standing before he or
she may do so. He also asserted that even if standing must be established by a
complainant, he would satisfy the requirement given that the costs ordered for
OS 1131 and OS 1252 “fell to be paid by [Dr Lim and him] jointly” 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Mr Sharma’s O 53 Statement at para 7.

even though he is not legally liable to pay the costs of the SMC in those
proceedings. He did not provide further information to establish that he was
indeed a co-funder when Dr Lim herself is apparently a person of substantial
means. I add that Dr Lim has filed an affidavit stating that she is in support
of Mr Sharma’s filing of the Complaint and this application. Arguably, this
may address the first sub-issue although the Attorney-General submitted that
it was not good enough for the right person to support the Complaint if indeed
Mr Sharma has no locus standi to make the Complaint. In any event, I shall
continue with my analysis.

53 The Law Society was in agreement with Mr Sharma that a person need not
establish standing to make a complaint to the Law Society. Even if standing
needed to be established, the RC had decided that Mr Sharma had standing to
make his complaint and that should be the end of the matter.

54 The Attorney-General argued that Mr Sharma must show he has standing to
make a complaint. He argued that whether a person has standing must be
considered in the light of who the allegedly violated principles of
professional conduct were meant to protect and the nature and subject matter
of the complaint. Considering that Mr Sharma’s complaint pertained to WP’s
conduct in the taxation proceedings and that he was a “stranger” to those
proceedings, he did not have standing to make his complaint. In other words,
the Attorney-General’s submission was that only parties to litigation
proceedings may make a complaint to the Law Society about a matter arising
from such proceedings.

55 As I mentioned at [10] above, the RC had proceeded on the premise that Mr
Sharma has standing to make the Complaint. I am aware that the court’s role in
judicial review proceedings is not to interfere with the merits of the RC’s
decision. However, if standing is indeed a requirement to make a complaint,
and the RC had erroneously decided that Mr Sharma’s standing was not in issue,
then the RC would be acting outside its jurisdiction. Therefore, the RC’s view
on Mr Sharma’s standing to make the Complaint does not preclude the court from
enquiring into this issue.

56 The starting point of the analysis would be the LPA and the rules made
thereunder. Section 85 of the LPA provides, inter alia:

Complaints against advocates and solicitors

85.—(1) Any complaint of the conduct of an advocate and solicitor —

(a) shall be made to the Society in writing;

(b) shall include a statement by the complainant —

(i) as to whether, to his knowledge, any other complaint has been made to the
Society against the advocate and solicitor, by him or by any other person,
which arises from the same facts as his complaint; and

(ii) if so, setting out such particulars of each such complaint as the Council
may require and he is able to provide; and

(c) shall be supported by such statutory declaration as the Council may
require, except that no statutory declaration shall be required if the
complaint is made by any public officer or any officer of the Institute.

(1A) Subject to subsection (4A), the Council shall refer every complaint which
satisfies the requirements of subsection (1) to the Chairman of the Inquiry
Panel.

(2) The Council may on its own motion refer any information touching upon the
conduct of an advocate and solicitor to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

(3) Any Judge of the Supreme Court, Judicial Commissioner of the Supreme
Court, Senior Judge of the Supreme Court or International Judge of the Supreme
Court, the Attorney-General or the Institute may at any time refer to the
Society any information touching upon the conduct of an advocate and solicitor
and the Council shall —

(a) refer the matter to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel; or

(b) where the Judge, Judicial Commissioner, Senior Judge or International
Judge, the Attorney-General or the Institute apply to the Chief Justice to
appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal. …

[emphasis added]

Section 2(1) of the Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R
2, 2010 Rev Ed) (“LP(DT)R”) provides:

“complainant” means —

(a) a person —

(i) who has made a complaint to the Society under section 85(1); or

(ii) who has made an application under section 82A(5) for leave for an
investigation to be made into a complaint against a Legal Service Officer or a
non-practising solicitor; or

(b) in a case where any Judge of the Supreme Court or the Attorney-General has
referred to the Society any information touching upon the conduct of a
solicitor under section 85(3), the Attorney-General;

Section 85(1) uses the words “any complaint of the conduct of an advocate and
solicitor”. On its face, s 85(1) provides that the subject matter of a
complaint may be varied. It also provides the manner in which a complaint is
to be made, ie, in writing, accompanied by a statement as to whether there are
other complaints arising from the same facts against the same solicitor, and
supported by a statutory declaration. Section 85(1), however, does not address
who may make a complaint. Similarly, s 2(1) of the LP(DT)R only provides that
a complainant is the person who has made a complaint but does not address
whether there is any limit on who that person might be.

57 The legislative history of s 85 provides some insight to the correct
analysis. Prior to 1993, s 85 of the LPA (Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed) provided,
inter alia:

85.—(1) An application by any person that an advocate and solicitor be dealt
with under this Part and any complaint of the conduct of an advocate and
solicitor in his professional capacity shall in the first place be made to the
Society and the Council shall refer the application or complaint to the
Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

(2) The Council may on its own motion refer any information touching upon the
conduct of an advocate and solicitor in his professional capacity to the
Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

(3) The Supreme Court or any judge thereof or the Attorney-General may at any
time refer to the Society any information touching upon the conduct of an
advocate and solicitor in his professional capacity and the Council shall —

(a) refer the matter to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel; or

(b) where the Supreme Court or a judge thereof or the Attorney-General
requests that the matter be referred to a Disciplinary Committee, apply to the
Chief Justice to appoint a Disciplinary Committee.

[emphasis added]

The old s 85(1) appears to contain two limbs: (a) an application that a
solicitor be dealt with under Part VII; and (b) a complaint touching on the
conduct of a solicitor in his professional capacity. The latter limb caused
some degree of confusion previously as to whether there was a distinction
between the two limbs. The CA in Law Society of Singapore v Ang Boon Kong
Lawrence [1992] 3 SLR(R) 825 (“Lawrence Ang”) clarified the matter and held
that there was no material difference between the two, and that a complaint
can be properly considered as an application under the old s 85(1) (see
[17]–[18]). Shortly after the decision in Lawrence Ang, Parliament amended the
LPA via the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1993 (Act 41 of 1993). One of the
amendments was the removal of the first limb of the old s 85(1) and the words
"in his professional capacity”, such that s 85(1) then read:

(1) Any complaint of the conduct of an advocate and solicitor shall in the
first place be made to the Society and the Council shall refer the complaint
to the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel.

58 During the Second Reading of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill (No 34
of 1993), the Minister for Law specifically referred to cl 15 of the Bill,
which is the clause that introduced the amendments to the old s 85(1) referred
to in the previous paragraph. However, no reference was made to the removal of
the first limb of s 85(1) and the effect it was intended to have. The Minister
instead focused on the reasons for removing the words “in his professional
capacity” and for introducing the predecessor of the current s 85(4)(a) of the
LPA. I reproduce this part of the Minister’s speech in full (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 November 1993) vol 61 at col 1164):

Next, clauses 15 to 26 and 29. These clauses deal with disciplinary
proceedings against practising lawyers to further improve the procedures and
also to increase the powers of the Law Society. For example, clause 15 amends
section 85 to enable the Law Society Council, with the leave of the court, to
inquire first into complaints against practising lawyers which are more
serious in nature and defer the inquiry into other complaints. The complainant
will be notified of the outcome at the conclusion of the proceedings. The
restriction in subsection 85(1) and 85(2) is that complaints must be "in his
professional capacity". The words "in his professional capacity" have been
removed because it is clear from section 83 that the Act also envisages
complaints about other serious misconduct on the part of the advocate and
solicitor which brings into disrepute the profession. The removal of these
words does not mean that frivolous complaints should be entertained. The
provision must be read in the context of the instances of misconduct
enumerated in section 83(2) or it must be "misconduct unbefitting the advocate
and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession".

[emphasis added]

59 From the legislative history of s 85(1), it appears that the statutory
position before the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1993 was that any person
may make an application or a complaint against a solicitor to the Law Society.
Although the words “any person” were removed in 1993, Parliament made no
statement to the effect that this removal was meant to restrict the type of
persons who may make complaints. In fact, when considered in the light of the
CA’s decision in Lawrence Ang, it is likely that Parliament’s intention was
simply to remove the first limb of the old s 85(1) because it had become
otiose (especially after removing the words “in his professional capacity”)
and not to introduce a new standing requirement for the making of complaints.

60 In Re Fordham, Michael QC, Chong J observed that ss 85(2) and (3) of the
LPA, which empower specific public institutions and office-holders to refer
information touching upon the conduct of a solicitor to the Law Society, may
sit uncomfortably with s 85(1) if any person could file a complaint under s
85(1). Chong J observed at [33]:

… if Mr Vergis is right that any person could file a complaint under s 85(1),
why then is there any need for sub-ss 85(2) and (3), which empower specific
public institutions and office-holders to refer information touching upon the
conduct of an advocate and solicitor to the Law Society? Such public
institutions and office-holders have an inherent interest in making such
referrals when the occasion arises. Seen in this light, it would appear odd if
s 85(1) is then regarded as conferring carte blanche on any person to make a
complaint even though he may have no direct interest in doing so. In other
words, the juxtaposition of s 85(1) with sub-ss (2) and (3) tends towards the
conclusion that it was unlikely that s 85(1) was intended to be of such an
unqualified nature. Mr Vergis explained that sub-ss 85(2) and (3) speak of
“any information” to the Law Society while s 85(1) refers to “[a]ny
complaint”. It is not entirely clear to me whether the difference lies in form
rather than substance since both would oblige the Law Society to look into
them.

With respect, I do not think that interpreting s 85(1) to mean that any person
can make a complaint would be odd when juxtaposed against ss 85(2) and (3).
Sections 85(2) and (3) have been in existence pre-1993 (see, for example, the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1985 Rev Ed)). This means that these provisions
co-existed with the old s 85(1) which, as I have noted earlier at [57],
allowed any person to make an application or a complaint about the conduct of
a solicitor. Furthermore, there is no indication that Parliament removed the
words “any person” from the old s 85(1) in order for it to be read
harmoniously with ss 85(2) and (3) when the words “Any complaint” still remain
in the provision. From at least a historical standpoint, allowing any person
to make a complaint under s 85(1) would not be at odds with ss 85(2) and (3).
Further, there may well be a distinction between making a complaint and
referring information. The former suggests a specific grievance. The latter
may but does not necessarily amount to a complaint and can be the
communication of some unease over conduct which merits further inquiry. That
is why the latter is restricted to the persons named in ss 85(2) and (3).

61 I am reinforced in my view that Parliament had no intention to restrict the
kind of persons who may make a complaint by the rationale underlying why
solicitors are disciplined for professional misconduct. The rules of
professional conduct that govern solicitors in Singapore and the disciplinary
process by which they are enforced are established with the aim of maintaining
the high standards and good reputation of the legal profession.

62 While disciplinary proceedings may have in certain situations the corollary
effect of righting the wrongs that the solicitor’s conduct may have inflicted
upon individuals, the disciplining of a solicitor for professional misconduct
goes beyond the interests of the complainant. This is why disciplinary
proceedings against a solicitor do not come to an automatic end when the
complainant withdraws the complaint, no matter how voluntarily or unreservedly
(Manjit Singh s/o Kirpal Singh and another v Attorney-General [2013] 2 SLR
1108 (“Manjit Singh (HC)”) at [100]). In Manjit Singh (HC), Vinodh
Coomaraswamy JC held at [101]:

… The Law Society prefers charges against an advocate and solicitor not to
vindicate the complainant’s private rights or to protect the complainant’s
private interests. The Law Society prefers charges against an advocate and
solicitor because it is in the public interest and in the profession’s
interest for a DT to receive evidence and determine whether or not the
advocate and solicitor is guilty of professional misconduct on those charges.
When a complainant withdraws her complaint, no matter how voluntarily or
unreservedly she does so, it does not follow that it ceases by that fact alone
to be in the public interest and in the profession’s interest for the DT to
make that determination.

63 As the primary reason for disciplining solicitors is to maintain the high
standards and good reputation of the profession, it follows that it should not
matter who brings the complaint to the Law Society. If the conduct of the
solicitor complained of is so egregious that it brings the profession into
disrepute, and if the complaint has substance and is backed up by evidence,
there is a public interest in having such conduct investigated and the
solicitor disciplined regardless of who makes the complaint.

64 No doubt, the public interest in upholding the integrity and standing of
the legal profession must be balanced against the impact disciplinary
proceedings have on the solicitor’s reputation and livelihood, and the strain
it places on the solicitor and the Law Society’s limited resources. In Re
Fordham, Michael QC, Chong J noted at [31] that if any person may make a
complaint to the Law Society, the Law Society may become inundated “with
frivolous complaints by persons with no interest other than being busybodies.”
He also noted that this may be undesirable since it causes the limited
resources of the Law Society to be unduly stretched which, in turn may delay
the prosecution of more meritorious complaints. I appreciate the concern about
busybodies. Nonetheless, I am of the view that the scales fall in favour of
the public interest in maintaining the profession’s integrity.

65 First, there are safeguards in place to prevent both the Law Society and
the solicitor from being flooded with frivolous complaints.

(a) Every complaint must be accompanied by a statutory declaration (see s
85(1)(c)). This requirement was specifically introduced to emphasise the
seriousness of complaints against solicitors and that complainants should take
steps to ensure the accuracy of their complaints.

(b) The IC is empowered to order the complainant to deposit a sum not
exceeding $1,000 (see s 85(18)).

(c) The IC can order the complainant to pay costs if the complaint is found to
be frivolous or vexatious (see s 85(19)(a)).

(d) A party making a knowingly false complaint shall be guilty of an offence
and be liable to a fine not exceeding $5,000 (see s 85(21)).

(e) The review committee itself functions as a filter. The review committee
acts as the floodgate not by dismissing a complaint because the complainant
has no standing, but by dismissing the complaint because it is frivolous,
vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance.

66 Secondly, in relation to the concern over the limited resources of the Law
Society, the Law Society itself has taken the position that any person may
make a complaint. It is willing and prepared to, at the minimum, have a review
committee review any complaint from any person as long as the complaint
complies with the statutory requirements of s 85(1) of the LPA (see s 85(1A)
read with s 85(6)). The mechanism of the review committee has been around for
the past 14 years and there is no evidence that allowing any person to make a
complaint has inundated the Law Society.

67 Interestingly, the Law Society has itself represented to the general public
that any person may make a complaint. On its website, the Law Society
publishes a guidance note on “complaints against a lawyer”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff Bundle of Documents Vol 2 (“PBD2”), Tab 16 at p 1062.

Under the header of “A Complaint of Professional Misconduct Under Section
85(1) Legal Profession Act”, the question of “[w]ho can make the complaint” is
asked. In response, the Law Society states that “[a] complaint may be made by
a client against his own lawyer or any person against a lawyer who has not
been appointed to act for him” [emphasis added].

68 Thirdly, a requirement of standing like the one suggested by the Attorney-
General (see [54] above) will be too restrictive although easy to implement.
For example, if a non-party is aware that a defendant’s solicitor had
deliberately misled the court in litigation proceedings, that non-party should
be entitled to complain to the Law Society about it. I do not think it
suffices to say that it should be left to the plaintiff to complain. The
plaintiff may not know of the misconduct. Also, a plaintiff who has received
full payment from a defendant may not wish to trouble himself any further to
make a complaint. It must be in the public’s interest and the profession’s
interest for the non-party to be entitled to make the complaint.

69 In Re Fordham, Michael QC, Chong J considered at [31] a demarcation which
is arguably different, ie, that only those persons who are able to demonstrate
sufficient interest may make a complaint, though he did not decide the point.
This appears to be a wider demarcation than that contended for by the
Attorney-General.

70 However, it seems to me that this demarcation may still be unduly
restrictive or would be difficult to implement as seen in the illustration
discussed above. Would the non-party be able to demonstrate “sufficient
interest”?

71 In the present context, if Mr Sharma was indeed the co-funder as he
alleges, would he have sufficient interest to make the Complaint? If only the
person liable to pay the costs has sufficient interest, would that be unduly
restrictive? For example, if a child of a client who is old in age wishes to
complain about the fees charged by the solicitor to his parent, should the
child not be entitled to do so? What if there was some other alleged
misconduct? For example, if it were alleged that a solicitor was abusive to
his aged client, would the client’s immediate family members be entitled to
complain or not? What about extended family members like cousins or friends?

72 A different illustration may throw further light on the argument. What if a
stranger were to complain that a solicitor is taking advantage of his
illiterate clients by overcharging them? The stranger produces copies of
invoices rendered by the solicitor to his clients which, on the face of them,
do have alarming information indicative of gross overcharging. Should the
complaint be dismissed because he has no locus standi? I am of the view that
such a complaint should not be dismissed for lack of locus standi. However, if
the stranger were to complain about overcharging of illiterate clients but is
unable to produce copies of the invoices or the copies do not on the face of
them suggest overcharging, then such a complaint could be considered as having
been made without substance and it would be open to a review committee to
direct the Council to dismiss it.

73 I am mindful that most complaints are made by clients against their own
solicitors and some are made by opponents of solicitors. However, that does
not mean that a stranger may never complain about a solicitor. The question is
where the line should be drawn. In my view, it should be drawn not by imposing
some sort of locus standi requirement, but by considering whether there is
substance in the complaint. This is not to say that a complainant’s interest
in the subject matter of the complaint is totally irrelevant. It may be taken
into account as a factor in the overall assessment of the complaint.

74 The Attorney-General also submitted that all the cases relied on by Mr
Sharma and the Law Society only show that a complaint against a solicitor need
not necessarily be lodged by the client. They do not show that anyone is
entitled to lodge a complaint. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Attorney-General’s Submissions (“AGS”) at para 85.

The Attorney-General contended that these cases are therefore consistent with
his position, ie, who can lodge a complaint depends on the nature and subject
matter of the complaint. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AGS at paras 73–76.

He cited a DT’s decision in The Law Society of Singapore v Koh Lee Kheng
Florence [2005] SGDSC 7 (“Florence Koh”) as authority for its position.

75 First, I have already mentioned that the Attorney-General’s proposed test
is too restrictive (above at [68]). Secondly, Florence Koh only stands for the
proposition that in order for a solicitor to breach r 25(a) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2010 Rev Ed)
(“LP(PC)R”), it must be shown that his client’s interests were affected by the
solicitor’s own interests. If the client’s interests were unaffected, then
there would be no breach of r 25(a) even if the partners in the solicitor’s
firm were of a contrary view. Florence Koh does not address the issue of
standing to make a complaint.

76 In conclusion, I find that Mr Sharma does not need to establish standing
before he may make a complaint to the Law Society under s 85(1) of the LPA.

Standing to bring judicial review proceedings

77 It seems apparent to me that once it has been established that the RC’s
decision is susceptible to judicial review, and that Mr Sharma has the right
to make a complaint to the Law Society, Mr Sharma would also have sufficient
standing to bring the present judicial review proceedings against the RC.
However, the Attorney-General took a contrary position. He argued that even if
Mr Sharma may make a complaint, the law in Singapore on locus standi to bring
judicial review proceedings requires an applicant like Mr Sharma to
demonstrate that (1) the tribunal or other public authority had breached a
public duty; and (2) the applicant’s private right or public right was
interfered with, and in the case of the latter, that the applicant had
suffered special damage peculiar to himself as a result of the breach of
public duty (see Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General [2014] 1 SLR 345
at [64]). He contended that in the present case, Mr Sharma had failed to show
that any of his private rights have been interfered with as he had not proven
that he did indeed fund Dr Lim’s payment of SMC’s costs presented for taxation
by WP, and in any event, he had no legal obligation to do so. If Mr Sharma was
arguing that his public right to ensure that delinquent solicitors were
prosecuted, he had not demonstrated that he had suffered special damage
peculiar to himself.

78 The Law Society took the position that Mr Sharma had sufficient standing to
bring the present judicial review proceedings. The Law Society, however, also
proposed an alternative position. It proposed that perhaps a distinction
should be made between a complainant who was the “victim” of the solicitor’s
conduct and a complainant who was not (though both having sufficient standing
to make the complaint), and that only the former should have sufficient
standing to bring judicial review proceedings. In other words, Dr Lim, being
the true “victim” of the Complaint, was the proper person to bring the present
judicial review proceedings if she had made the Complaint.

79 I accept the Attorney-General’s statement of the law in Singapore on locus
standi to bring judicial review proceedings (at [77] above). However, I do not
agree that Mr Sharma did not have any of his private rights interfered with. I
have found that Mr Sharma was entitled to make the Complaint to the Law
Society under the LPA. The RC, in turn, is statutorily obliged to review the
Complaint in a manner that is legal, rational and procedurally proper,
regardless of the outcome. This duty is owed not simply to the public in
general, but to Mr Sharma personally as the complainant. It follows that Mr
Sharma has a private right for his complaint to be reviewed by the RC legally,
rationally and with procedural propriety. It is precisely an alleged violation
of this right that Mr Sharma is basing his present application. It seems
incongruous that Mr Sharma may make a complaint but has no standing to seek
judicial review against the dismissal of his complaint (if, as I have decided,
the decision of the review committee is susceptible to judicial review).
Furthermore, if Mr Sharma may make the complaint, he may, as the complainant,
exercise other rights. For example, if an IC were appointed to hear any of his
complaints and if the Council were to determine thereafter that a formal
investigation is not necessary and therefore no DT has to be appointed, Mr
Sharma may apply to a judge of the High Court to direct the Law Society to
apply to the CJ to appoint a DT (see [30] above). It seems incongruous that he
can do this but he has no standing to seek judicial review if his complaint is
dismissed based on the decision of the RC.

80 I therefore find that since Mr Sharma may make the complaint, he may also
seek judicial review of the decision of the RC. The latter follows from the
former. It is therefore not necessary for me to consider the alternative
proposed by the Law Society.

81 Since I have consolidated the leave application with the substantive
merits, I do not need to decide whether there is an arguable case or prima
facie case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law
remedies sought by Mr Sharma. Instead, I proceed to consider the substantive
merits.

The substantive merits

82 For the sake of convenience, I set out again the three grounds that Mr
Sharma relied on:

(a) The RC erred in law and/or misdirected itself as to the law, in concluding
that professional misconduct through gross overcharging could not be
established by objective evidence that the fees claimed were grossly excessive
in the “absence of other impropriety” (“Ground 1”);

(b) The RC erred in law and/or misdirected itself as to the law in its
conclusion that the pursuit of the fees claimed could not constitute
professional misconduct on the basis that they reflected the work of all the
solicitors involved (“Ground 2”); and

(c) The RC’s reasons for concluding that the complaint against Mr Yeo SC were
lacking in substance, were legally inadequate and unsustainable in law, being
incapable of sustaining the RC’s conclusion, and having no reasonable or
proper evidential basis, and were not open to the RC acting reasonably and
lawfully (“Ground 3”).

Ground 1

83 The first ground that Mr Sharma relied on was that the RC had made an error
of law. It is well-established that illegality is a basis for judicial review.
The oft-quoted passage of Lord Diplock on illegality in Council of Civil
Service Unions and others v Minister for the Civil Service [1985] AC 374
(“GCHQ”) at 410 is as follows:

By ‘illegality’ as a ground for judicial review I mean that the decision-maker
must understand correctly the law that regulates his decision-making power and
must give effect to it. Whether he has or not is par excellence a justiciable
question to be decided, in the event of dispute, by those persons, the judges,
by whom the judicial power of the state is exercisable.

This passage was cited with approval by the CA in Attorney-General v Venice-
Simplon Orient Express Inc Ltd [1995] 1 SLR(R) 533 at [10]. The ground of
illegality includes errors of law made by the tribunal or decision-making body
in coming to its decision. As Lord Pearce held in Anisminic Ltd v Foreign
Compensation Commission [1969] 2 AC 147 at 195 (cited with approval by F A
Chua J in Leong Kum Fatt v Attorney-General [1983–1984] SLR(R) 357 at [11]):

… [I]t is assumed … that the tribunal will make its inquiry and decision
according to the law of the land. For that reason the courts will intervene
when it is manifest from the record that the tribunal, though keeping within
its mandated area of jurisdiction, comes to an erroneous decision through an
error of law. In such a case the courts have intervened to correct the error.

84 The parties’ arguments on Ground 1 were as follows:

(a) Mr Sharma argued that the correct position in law is that “the claiming of
grossly excessive fees can be professional misconduct in the absence of other
impropriety”. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at para 32.

He contended that the RC had therefore misdirected itself as to the law by
reasoning that “professional misconduct through gross overcharging could not
be established by objective evidence that the fees claimed were grossly
excessive in the ‘absence of other impropriety’”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at para 32.

(b) The Law Society argued that the correct position in law is that the “mere
fact that a bill of costs is significantly reduced on taxation does not
necessarily mean that there has been gross overcharging amounting to
professional misconduct”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at para 64.

It contended that the RC was merely applying this reasoning in coming to its
decision and was therefore not erroneous.

(c) The Attorney-General argued that the correct position in law is that the
claiming of grossly excessive costs between a party and another (“P & P”) does
not constitute professional misconduct in the absence of other impropriety and
that this was the reasoning which the RC applied. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AGS at para 47.

It contended that the principle which Mr Sharma argued was the correct
position in law only applied in the context of solicitor-and-client (“S & C”)
costs and not to P & P costs.

85 I now consider the position in law that Mr Sharma alleged is the correct
one, viz, that a solicitor may be guilty of misconduct if he makes a P & P
costs claim against his client’s opponent for an amount which turns out to be
grossly excessive.

86 As mentioned above at [7], Mr Sharma relied on an opinion from Mr Ian
Winter QC. Mr Winter QC relied on r 38 of the LP(PC)R. This rule states:

38. An advocate and solicitor shall not render a bill (whether the bill is subject to taxation or otherwise) which amounts to such gross overcharging that will affect the integrity of the profession.

Mr Winter QC said in para 9 of his opinion that Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA had
“made [it] clear in Dr Susan Lim v Singapore Medical Council [2013] HGSC (sic)
122” that WP’s demand for costs against Dr Lim in the sum of £1,025,009.37
“amounted to the charging of costs for the purpose of Rule 38”. I note that
the judgment of the CA in that case is reported as Lim Mey Lee Susan v
Singapore Medical Council [2013] 3 SLR 900 and I also assume that Mr Winter QC
was intending to refer to 1,025,009.37 in local and not British currency.
Furthermore, the figure of “1,025,009.37” appears to be a typographical error
and should have referred to the figure of “1,007,009.37” instead. This is the
total sum claimed in the three Bills of Costs. In any event, the short point
is that Phang JA was referring to the situation of a solicitor overcharging
his client and not to P & P costs. Therefore, he did not say that an over-
claim of P & P costs “amounted to the charging of costs for the purpose of
Rule 38”.

87 Mr Sharma’s Statement in support of OS 593 also appeared to rely on r 38.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See para 17(d) of the Statement

However, in his submissions, he accepted that r 38 applies only to a solicitor
and his client.

88 Rule 38 is constituted under Part III of the relevant rules. The heading
reads “Relationship and Dealings with Clients”. The other provisions under
Part III also deal with matters between a solicitor and his client. It seems
to me that r 38 is referring to a bill rendered by a solicitor to a client and
not to an opponent. As noted above, Mr Sharma has accepted this point in his
submissions. However, I accept that this does not exclude the existence of a
non-statutory ethical rule which precludes a solicitor from deliberately over-
claiming costs from the opponent of his client.

89 The cases which Mr Winter QC and Mr Sharma relied on for such an ethical
rule are, however, cases in which a solicitor is alleged to be overcharging
his own client and not a case where a solicitor makes a P & P costs claim
against his client’s opponent. No case was cited in the present proceedings
before me to establish the ethical rule which Mr Winter QC and Mr Sharma were
advocating.

90 In Mr Winter QC’s opinion, there is no difference in terms of professional
misconduct whether the gross overcharging was in relation to the solicitor’s
own client or to his opponent’s client (see para 40 of his opinion). Mr Winter
QC also said that, “Parties to litigation are entitled to trust their
opponents not to seek fees that either have not been agreed between the lawyer
and his client or which fees are grossly excessive” (see para 41 of his
opinion). What I understood Mr Winter QC to mean was that parties to
litigation are entitled to expect a certain standard of conduct from their
opponents.

91 It is clear that the words “to trust” do not mean that there is a trust
relationship between a party and the solicitor of his opponent. This is in
contrast to the relationship of trust and confidence between a client and his
own solicitor (see Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council [2013] 3 SLR
900 at [50]). A client looks to his solicitor to protect his interests.
Indeed, in Veghelyi v The Law Society of New South Wales CA 40257/91 (6
October 1995) (unreported), the court observed that, “[c]lients are, or may
frequently be, in a vulnerable position vis-à-vis their solicitors”. On the
other hand, an opponent has his own solicitor to protect his interests. Even
if he is not represented by a solicitor, he knows that he cannot look to his
opponent’s solicitor to protect his interest.

92 The taxation of P & P costs is an adversarial exercise between two sides
who have to protect and advance their own respective interests. The assessment
of a fair amount of costs in contentious matters is not a science and widely
divergent views as to what that amount should be are common. Perhaps that is
why no case has been cited to this court in which an opponent has alleged
misconduct on the basis of gross overcharging in a P & P bill of costs. I add
that perhaps it is more accurate to say that WP was “claiming”, and not
“charging” costs against Dr Lim. The latter is more appropriate to an S & C
relationship.

93 The question is whether the difference between a solicitor and client, on
the one hand, and a solicitor and his client’s opponent, on the other hand,
makes a difference in principle. In other words, can a solicitor be liable for
misconduct for grossly over-claiming costs against his client’s opponent?

94 The Attorney-General submitted that a solicitor would not be liable for
misconduct even if he made a grossly excessive claim for his client, in the
absence of other impropriety. Likewise, if a solicitor were to make a
completely misconceived non-monetary claim for his client.

95 It is important to bear in mind the following. First, a solicitor owes a
duty not only to his client. He also owes a duty to the court to conduct
litigation with due propriety (see Myers v Elman [1940] AC 282 at 302). Thus,
in Edwards v Edwards [1958] 2 WLR 956, a solicitor was held liable to pay the
costs of his client’s opponent in certain litigation because he had breached
that duty. It is immaterial that a solicitor ordinarily owes no duty to his
client’s opponent in litigation.

96 Secondly, r 69 of the LP(PC)R states that “An advocate and solicitor shall
not, in his letter of demand, demand anything other than that recoverable by
due process of law”. I am of the view that this rule supports a wider
proposition, ie, that a solicitor must not deliberately present a claim that
is unsustainable whether it is a monetary claim or not. If this proposition is
correct, then it should follow that a solicitor must also not deliberately
present a claim for an amount which is unsustainable.

97 It should then also follow that the last proposition would extend to a
claim for costs as well. In principle, there should be no difference between
making a claim for a client on a main cause of action and making a claim for a
client on costs. If either claim is deliberately made for a grossly excessive
amount, then that may constitute misconduct. Furthermore, as Mr Sharma argued,
a solicitor has personal knowledge of many of the material facts when he is
claiming costs against the opponent of his client. For example, he knows the
number of hours he has put in for the litigation and the complexity of the
subject matter of the litigation.

98 One may argue that the availability of various sanctions under O 59 r 8(6)
and (7) of the Rules of Court make it undesirable or unnecessary to impose any
further responsibility on a solicitor. I do not think so. Those provisions
apply only if there is taxation. The gross over-claim may be made even before
taxation. Furthermore, the sanctions are not dependent on proof of any
misconduct. If there is evidence of misconduct, then further sanctions should
be available.

99 While it may be simpler to implement a proposition that a gross over-claim
in a P & P situation will never in and of itself constitute misconduct, I am
of the view, for the reasons stated above, that this is not the correct
proposition. While this may create difficulties in implementation, these
difficulties do not outweigh the interest of the public and the profession as
a whole. The following guidelines may assist.

100 Although gross over-claiming may constitute misconduct in a P & P
situation, the application of that principle is vastly different from a case
of overcharging as between a solicitor and his client.

101 Thus, in the context of taxation of costs, I agree with the Law Society’s
submission that “the mere fact that a bill of costs is significantly reduced
on taxation does not necessarily mean that there has been gross overcharging
amounting to professional misconduct” (see [84(b)] above). However, Mr Sharma
is also correct that “the claiming of grossly excessive fees can be
professional misconduct in the absence of other impropriety” (see [84(a)]
above). In other words, I agree that a significant reduction will not
necessarily mean that there is gross over-claiming which amounts to
misconduct. Indeed, I accept that ordinarily it will not, bearing in mind the
adversarial nature of taxation especially as between parties. However, this
does not mean that a significant reduction will never, in and of itself, be
sufficient to constitute misconduct.

102 I stress that I am not holding that every time a complaint discloses a
significant reduction in the bills of costs after a P & P taxation, a review
committee must refer the matter back to the Chairman and that an inquiry of
misconduct must be conducted. The review committee is entitled to come to the
conclusion that no inquiry is necessary despite the fact that a bill of costs
has been taxed down significantly if it is satisfied that this is the
appropriate direction to make on the particular facts before it.

103 For example, a review committee is entitled to take into account factors
such as, but not limited to, the following:

(a) the reduction in absolute dollar terms;

(b) the reduction as a percentage of the entire sum claimed;

(c) the stage when the action was concluded and the number of days of hearing,
if applicable;

(d) the value and/or importance of the subject matter and the complexity of
the dispute;

(e) the fact that different solicitors may genuinely have vastly different
views as to what a fair amount may be claimed (because the assessment of an
appropriate quantum of costs is not an exact science);

(f) the allegations and submissions made during taxation and whether any
sanction was imposed; and

(g) the interest of the complainant in the subject matter of the complaint.

104 However, in my view, it is not correct to say that in all cases some other
impropriety must be shown apart from a grossly excessive P & P bill as a pre-
requisite before a review committee proceeds to decide whether to refer the
matter to the IC. As an illustration, imagine a scenario where a bill of costs
on a P & P basis was rendered by a plaintiff’s solicitor against a defendant
for $200,000 in relation to a claim for the repayment of a $500,000
outstanding loan even though the defendant had capitulated after the service
of a ten page statement of claim on it. The taxing registrar then allows only
$10,000 to the successful plaintiff. Might that not in itself be sufficient to
suggest that there was gross over-claiming such as to constitute misconduct on
the part of the plaintiff’s solicitor? While one may say that in such an
illustration, the claim for $200,000 must have exceeded the plaintiff’s S & C
costs, that is not the point. The point is that in such an illustration a
suggestion of misconduct may be made, even without alleging that the solicitor
had claimed for more than what his own client is liable to him.

105 Having set out the correct position in law vis-à-vis the professional
sanction which a solicitor who presents a P & P bill of costs that is grossly
excessive may attract, I now turn to the decision of the RC and the principles
of law which it applied.

106 I set out the relevant paragraphs of the Decision Letter. Under the
heading “Proceedings of the RC”, it stated at para 9 as follows:

In terms of the first limb of the complaint, to wit, the amounts claimed in
the first bill of costs were excessive, the RC finds it apposite to note that
taxation of bills is in itself, an adjudication process and a reduction by the
taxing master (Registrar or Judge of the Supreme Court) of the costs claimed
even if significant, would not amount to misconduct in the absence of improper
or fraudulent claims. Sanctions remain in place in relation to cost orders
that can be made following taxation and the SMC in this instance, was given
costs of the taxation notwithstanding the significant reduction in the amounts
it was entitled to and awarded as such. The RC opines on the face of the first
limb of your complaint in relation to claiming obsessive costs per se, no
professional misconduct has been disclosed.

[emphasis added]

107 Para 14(a)(iii) of the Decision Letter stated the following in relation to
Limb 1 of the Complaint:

14\. Having considered the aforesaid, the RC makes the following findings in
relation to your complaint

a) …

…

iii. In relation to the Bills of Costs being excessive, the RC takes the view
that the fact that the Bills were eventually taxed down significantly does not
in itself give rise to an inquiry of professional misconduct, in the absence
of other impropriety. … As such, it finds that this header of your complaint
against [Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho] is lacking in substance and directs the Council
to dismiss this header of the complaint.

[emphasis added]

108 I note that the Decision Letter stated at para 9 that a reduction by the
taxing master of the costs claimed even if significant “would not” amount to
misconduct. This is confirmed when one reads para 14(c) of the report itself.
Therefore, the RC did not say that a significant reduction “could not” amount
to misconduct as alleged in Mr Sharma’s submissions.

109 As noted above, the Decision Letter further stated at para 14(a)(iii) that
in relation to the Bills of Costs being excessive, the RC was of the view that
the fact that the Bills of Costs were eventually taxed down significantly
“does not in itself give rise to an inquiry of professional misconduct, in the
absence of other impropriety”.

110 I am of the view that the RC was not saying that a significant reduction
would never amount to misconduct but rather that a significant reduction would
not ordinarily amount to misconduct unless there was some other impropriety.
Seen in this light, there was no error of law made by the RC and I dismiss
Ground 1. Furthermore, when the RC at para 14(a)(iii) referred to the “Bills
[of Costs]” being “eventually taxed down significantly”, it was not referring
to simply any bills of costs, but to the specific Bills of Costs that were the
subject matter of the Complaint. In other words, the RC had concluded that on
the particular facts before it, despite the Bills of Costs having been taxed
down significantly, no inquiry of misconduct was necessary. This it was
entitled to do (see above at [102]).

111 I add that it is useful to bear in mind that in considering the amount
claimed by WP in order to determine the reduction made by the court, one
should use the amount as amended by WP and not the amount initially claimed in
the Bills of Costs. This is because WP had reduced the amount claimed by
$287,009.37. The initial amount claimed was $1,007,009.37 and this was reduced
to $720,000 (for the review).

112 Mr Winter QC had taken into account the larger sum when he concluded that
WP had over-claimed by 300%. I do not think that is a correct approach. Using
the amended amount as the basis for comparison and Mr Sharma’s table of
figures at p 7 of the Complaint, the eventual figures after the review was
conducted were:

  
  
No|  
  
Description|  
Section 1  
Amt (S$)| Section 1  
Taxed Amt (S$)|  
  
Difference (S$)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| BC 65 & 66| 600,000| 300,000| 300,000  
2| BC 71| 120,000|  70,000|  50,000  
Total| 720,000| 370,000| 350,000  
  
113 The Complaint alleged that the difference for the first two bills (between
the amount claimed and the amount allowed) was 200%, and that the difference
for the third was 171.4%.

114 While $600,000 is double that of $300,000, the difference of $300,000 is
100% more than the $300,000 allowed. Likewise, for the third bill, the
difference of $50,000 is actually 71.43% more than the $70,000 allowed.

115 On the other hand, looking at it from another angle, the reduction of
$300,000 for the first two bills is 50% of the $600,000 claimed. Likewise, the
reduction of $50,000 for the third bill is 41.67% of the $120,000 claimed.

116 Whichever way one looks at it, and bearing in mind the factors stated
above at [103], the difference is not so significant or stark in itself as to
constitute misconduct.

117 For example, during taxation, R&T accepted that Dr Lim was liable in
principle to pay the costs of taxation and suggested some amounts for the
court’s consideration instead of suggesting one of the sanctions in O 59 r
8(7) of the Rules of Court. While this did not necessarily preclude a
complaint from being made, as I will elaborate later, it militated against any
suggestion of gross over-claiming.

Ground 2

118 The second ground Mr Sharma relied on was also an alleged error of law
made by the RC. Under this ground, Mr Sharma alleged that the RC had reasoned
that “the fees claimed in the bill of costs were entitled to reflect the work
of all the solicitors involved”. He argued that this reasoning is an error of
law because there is a legal prohibition against claiming the costs of getting
up the case and for attendance in court of more than two solicitors unless
certified to do so by the court (see O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PWS at para 39.

119 The Law Society contended that the RC was simply making a finding of fact
that the hourly rate charged by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho was not excessive as one
must take into account the work done by all the solicitors involved. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at para 72.

The Attorney-General argued that the bill for taxation can set out the work
done by the legal team as a whole even if no certificate for costs of more
than two solicitors had been obtained. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AGS at para 54.

120 It is not in dispute that WP had not applied for a certificate to claim
the cost of more than two solicitors.

121 I begin by identifying the reasoning applied by the RC. Then I will
determine whether that reasoning reveals an error of law. The relevant portion
of the Decision Letter is found in para 14(a)(iii), which I reproduce:

iii. … In this regard, the RC records that it has noted that you alleged that
the effective hourly rate would be excessive but the RC accepts the amounts in
the Bills of Costs reflect the work of all the solicitors involved. As such,
it finds that this header of your complaint against [Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho] is
lacking in substance and directs the Council to dismiss this header of the
complaint.

[emphasis added]

122 In order to understand what the RC meant, it is necessary to understand
first Mr Sharma’s allegation in relation to Mr Yeo SC’s and Ms Ho’s effective
hourly rate being excessive. In the Complaint, Mr Sharma made the argument
that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho were effectively charging hourly rates of more than
$2,000 per hour. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PBD1 at p 32.

Apparently, he obtained this figure from the Notes of Evidence of the taxation
hearing before the AR (referred to above at [5]) where the AR noted that “Mr
Yeo SC and [Ms Ho] charged more than $2,000 an hour”. It appears that the AR
in turn derived the figure from the Notice of Dispute filed by R&T for Dr Lim
in relation to BC 65. That notice had alleged that Mr Yeo SC’s and Ms Ho’s
billing rate under BC 65 was $2,121.04 per hour and $2,258.28 per hour
respectively. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PBD1 at p 134.

R&T also applied a similar approach in the Notice of Dispute for BC 66 but not
for BC 71 as BC 71 did not attribute the overall amount claimed to any
particular solicitor. It is therefore important to see how R&T arrived at its
figures in the Notice of Dispute for BC 65.

123 In Section 1 of BC 65, a total of 1,034.3 hours was claimed under the
header “Time spent”, which was sub-divided between seven solicitors as
follows: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PBD2 at p 840.

Approximately 1,034.3 hours

Mr Alvin Yeo, SC: approximately 176 hours

Ms Melanie Ho: approximately 107.6 hours

Mr Sean La’Brooy: approximately 1.6 hours

Ms Lim Wei Lee: approximately 292.8 hours

Ms Sugene Ang: approximately 216.4 hours

Ms Sim Mei Ling: approximately 33.7 hours

Ms Jolyn De Roze: approximately 206.2 hours

However, the Bill of Costs later identified only two counsel by name, Mr Yeo
SC and Ms Ho, for which amounts of costs were claimed, presumably because
there was no certificate for more than two solicitors. For Mr Yeo SC, the
amount stated below his name was $373,831.78 and for Ms Ho, the amount stated
below her name was $242,990.66. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PBD2 at p 842.

R&T had arrived at their figures of Mr Yeo SC’s and Ms Ho’s hourly billing
rate by simply dividing the amounts claimed below their names by the actual
number of hours each of them had spent, ie, 176 hours and 107.6 hours
respectively. However, in so doing, R&T had not taken into account the number
of hours spent by other solicitors in WP. Likewise for BC 66.

124 Therefore, what the RC meant when it stated that it “accepts the amounts
in the Bills of Costs reflect the work of all the solicitors involved” was
that it accepted that the amounts of $373,831.78 claimed below the name of Mr
Yeo SC and $242,990.66 claimed below the name of Ms Ho included the hours
spent by the other solicitors identified in BC 65 (see [123] above). The same
applies for BC 66.

125 Having identified what the RC’s reasoning was, I now address whether it
was an error of law. Order 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court prohibits the
successful litigant from claiming the costs for getting up the case by and for
attendance in court of more than two solicitors unless certified to do so by
the court (“the Two Solicitors Rule”). In my view, the Two Solicitors Rule
does not literally mean that only two solicitors can do the work. Neither does
it mean that the successful litigant can only claim for the actual work done
by two solicitors. The Two Solicitors Rule is based upon a notional team of
two solicitors. In other words, absent a certificate, the court can only award
costs for the work that would reasonably have been done by a notional two-man
team assuming they did all the work, though that work can in fact be done by
more than two solicitors. A bill of costs can therefore contain the number of
hours spent by each solicitor that worked on the matter even though there are
more than two solicitors, but care must be taken to ascertain overlapping work
and the extent of the overlap (see Singapore Medical Council v Lim Mey Lee
Susan [2015] SGHC 129 at [35]).

126 In my view, what WP did for BC 65 was to include the hours spent by other
solicitors in addition to the hours spent by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho when WP
claimed the aggregate amount. Otherwise, there would be no purpose in WP
setting out the names of various solicitors and the hours they had spent. WP
was entitled to do this provided there was no overlap in compliance with O 59
r 19.

127 In setting out the names of two specific solicitors for the eventual
amounts claimed leading to the aggregate amount, WP was not foregoing the
hours spent by the other solicitors. It had simply thought that because of the
Two Solicitors Rule, it was supposed to identify two specific solicitors by
name, but that is not correct. What WP should have done was to simply claim
the aggregate amount for two solicitors generally rather than to try and
apportion the amount between two specific solicitors who did not do all the
work for which the claim is being made.

128 It follows that R&T’s approach to derive Mr Yeo SC’s and Ms Ho’s hourly
rates, which excluded the hours spent by other solicitors in WP, was not
correct, and the AR should not have adopted R&T’s approach. Therefore, Mr
Sharma’s allegation about the hourly rates under Ground 2 which was derived
from R&T’s approach was also not correct. I add that it is because of R&T’s
incorrect approach that the hourly rate of Ms Ho appeared to be higher than
that of Mr Yeo SC.

129 At para 18(c) of the Statement in support of OS 593, Mr Sharma asserted
that WP was precluded from claiming for work done by solicitors other than Mr
Yeo SC and Ms Ho because of O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court, which as
identified at [125] above, is the rule which states that costs for getting up
the case and for attendance in court of more than two solicitors shall not be
allowed unless the court so certifies. There was no qualification by Mr Sharma
to this assertion in the Statement.

130 However, in his written submissions, Mr Sharma appeared to accept that the
Bills of Costs could include work done by other solicitors but that they
cannot include duplication of work done by other solicitors. Thus, divided or
delegated work must not include (a) getting up the case or (b) attendance at
court of more than two solicitors unless there is a certificate allowing this.

131 Mr Sharma’s point was that the RC had erred when it accepted that “the
amounts in the Bills of Costs reflect the work of all the solicitors involved”
because it was saying that it was permissible to “reflect the work of all the
solicitors involved” without any qualification. That meant that it was
permissible to include duplication work of solicitors other than Mr Yeo SC or
Ms Ho in the Bills of Costs, which was incorrect.

132 However, the complete sentence at 14(a)(iii) of the Decision Letter has to
be taken into account. It reads: “In this regard, the RC records that it has
noted that the effective hourly rate would be excessive but the RC accepts the
amounts in the Bills of Costs reflect the work of all the solicitors
involved”. The second part of the sentence which Mr Sharma was relying on must
be read in the context of the first part. Doing so, what the RC was saying was
that the effective hourly rate (of Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho) was not excessive,
contrary to Mr Sharma’s allegation, because the amounts in the Bills of Costs
included work of solicitors other than Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho. The RC was not
saying that it was permissible for all work of all solicitors to be included
irrespective of duplication.

133 In other words, the RC was saying in a short-handed way what I have
elaborated above. This is that the perceived hourly rates of Mr Yeo SC and Ms
Ho were not excessive as they were calculated based on the wrong premise that
the amounts claimed as costs were confined to the hours spent by Mr Yeo SC and
Ms Ho only.

134 There was no error of law by the RC, and therefore, I dismiss Ground 2.

Ground 3

135 Under this ground, Mr Sharma relied on three different bases to impugn the
RC’s decision, viz, illegality, irrationality and procedural unfairness. He
contended that the RC adopted the following reasoning:

(a) Mr Yeo SC was not involved in drawing up the Bills of Costs or in
appearing in the taxation proceeding;

(b) Therefore, Mr Yeo SC could not be guilty of any professional misconduct in
respect of Mr Sharma’s complaints.

Mr Sharma made two different arguments in relation to this reasoning. First,
he submitted that this reasoning was erroneous in law or irrational because
(a) was incapable of sustaining (b). Secondly, he argued that, further or
alternatively, coming to conclusion (b) based on WP’s “clarification” was
erroneous in law or irrational. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS at para 45.

Mr Sharma also made the further argument that it was procedurally unfair and a
breach of natural justice that Mr Sharma was not informed of WP’s
clarification and provided with an opportunity to respond.

136 The Law Society argued that Ground 3 was really an attempt to appeal on
the merits of the RC’s decision. It contended that it was clear on the face of
the record that the RC had taken into account the applicable law, attempted to
obtain any relevant evidence, and came to a conclusion based on the law and
evidence. Further, it was neither irrational nor unfair for the RC to rely on
WP’s clarification as it was the only course open to the RC, especially
considering the lack of details in the Complaint. Mr Sharma neither had a
right to respond to WP’s clarification nor a right to be kept “fully informed”
of WP’s response to his complaint. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

DWS at paras 74, 75 and 79.

137 With respect to Ground 3, the Attorney-General first argued that Limb 2 of
the Complaint, viz, that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho had claimed more from Dr Lim than
what they billed the SMC, was frivolous because the SMC had confirmed in
writing to the RC that the total amount invoiced to the SMC was higher than
the total quantum claimed in the Bills of Costs. Furthermore, Dr Lim was
entitled to raise Limb 2 of the Complaint at the taxation proceeding before
the AR or the taxation review before me, but she chose not to. Mr Sharma was
hence not entitled to raise objections which Dr Lim herself chose not to, and
Limb 2 of the Complaint was frivolous. Coupled with the argument that Grounds
1 and 2 were completely without merit, Ground 3 was wholly irrelevant as there
was simply no misconduct for Mr Yeo SC to be implicated in. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AGS at paras 63–69.

138 The law in relation to irrationality as a basis for judicial review is
famously set out by Lord Diplock in GCHQ at p 410:

By "irrationality" I mean what can by now be succinctly referred to as
"Wednesbury unreasonableness" (Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd. v.
Wednesbury Corporation [1948] 1 K.B. 223). It applies to a decision which is
so outrageous in its defiance of logic or of accepted moral standards that no
sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to be decided could
have arrived at it. Whether a decision falls within this category is a
question that judges by their training and experience should be well equipped
to answer, or else there would be something badly wrong with our judicial
system. To justify the court's exercise of this role, resort I think is today
no longer needed to Viscount Radcliffe's ingenious explanation in Edwards v.
Bairstow [1956] A.C. 14 of irrationality as a ground for a court's reversal of
a decision by ascribing it to an inferred though unidentifiable mistake of law
by the decision-maker. "Irrationality" by now can stand upon its own feet as
an accepted ground on which a decision may be attacked by judicial review.

139 Contemporary formulations of the irrationality basis asks whether the
decision falls “within the range of responses which a reasonable decision-
maker might have made in the circumstances” (see Soomatee Gokool and others v
Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health and Quality of Life and another
[2008] UKPC 54 at [18]; see also De Smith’s Judicial Review at para 11-006). A
decision can be accurately described as “irrational” if the evidence taken as
a whole is not reasonably capable of supporting the decision of the decision-
maker as to his or her finding (see Ng Hock Guan v Attorney-General [2004] 1
SLR(R) 415 at [59] citing De Souza Lionel Jerome v Attorney-General [1992] 3
SLR(R) 552 with approval). Further, the court must always be alive to the
danger of delving too deep into the merits of the decision. As the learned
authors of De Smith’s Judicial Review stated at para 11-004:

The question of the appropriate measure of deference, respect, restraint,
latitude or discretionary area of judgment (to use some of the terms variously
employed) which the courts should grant the primary decision-maker under this
head of review is one of the most complex in all of public law and goes to the
heart of the principle of the separation of powers. This is because there is
often a fine line between assessment of the merits of the decision (evaluation
of fact and policy) and the assessment of whether the principles of “just
administrative action” have been met. The former questions are normally
matters for the primary decision-maker, but the latter are within the
appropriate capacity of the courts to decide. …

[emphasis in original]

140 I now come to what the RC decided. Para 8 of the Decision Letter, under
the header “Proceedings of the RC”, stated:

In so far as what constitutes professional misconduct, liability is dependent
on an actual act or omission on the part of a solicitor which clearly arises
from his/her personal conduct. In this regard, the respective roles of [Mr Yeo
SC and Ms Ho] would therefore have to be considered separately although you
did not draw any distinction between the 2 lawyers. As there were no facts to
make such determination of their respective role in the matter, the RC was of
the view that clarification from the lawyers was therefore necessary and
proceeded to obtain them.

[emphasis added]

As can be seen, the RC was of the view that a solicitor can only be guilty of
professional misconduct based on his or her own personal conduct. As a result,
the RC deemed it necessary to obtain clarification from WP as to the
respective roles played by Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho in relation to the matters
complained of and it so did.

141 According to the Decision Letter, WP’s reply in relation to this issue was
as follows: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

PBD1, Tab 1 at p 23, para 12(a).

[Mr Yeo SC] although the Counsel in the proceedings against [Dr Lim] was not
involved in drawing up the Bills of Costs or the taxation proceedings”

[emphasis added].

142 The RC then went on to make the following findings in relation to Limb 1
of the Complaint: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PBD1, Tab 1 at p 24, para 14(a).

i. The RC notes that there was no specific allegation in the complaint that
[Mr Yeo SC] was involved in the preparation of the Bills of Costs and the
proceedings related thereto. Even though he may have been involved in the
bills issued to the SMC, the gravamen of the complaint is that the Bills of
Costs were excessive and exceeded the amounts billed to the SMC or which the
SMC would be liable to pay.

ii. Further to the confirmation by WP that [Mr Yeo SC] was not involved in the
matters complained of, the RC notes that the Notes of Evidence produced by you
do not show him being present at the hearings.

[emphasis added]

In relation to Limb 2 of the Complaint, the RC found as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PBD1, Tab 1 at p 25, para 14(b).

i. In relation to [Mr Yeo SC’s] role and responsibility in so far as your
complaint was concerned. The RC notes the observation of the Court of Three
Judges in Re Cashin Howard [1989] 3 MLJ 129 is apposite:

“The Committee, however, concluded that, because there was ‘a personal duty’
on every solicitor or ‘joint responsibility’ in the case of a partnership, to
ensure strict compliance with the account rules, each and every partner is
responsible and liable for every breach. In arriving at this conclusion, the
Disciplinary Committee failed to distinguish between ‘joint and several
liability’, a civil responsibility, on the one hand, and a disciplinary
responsibility on the other. The confusion appears to have arisen because of
the failure to appreciate the exercise of disciplinary power is essentially
punitive and penal and is exercised in appropriate cases only where there is
personal complicity by the solicitor charged. It is apposite, in this
connection, to quote the words of Lord Atkin in Myers v Elman [1940] AC 272 at
p 302:

Misconduct of course may be such as to indicate personal turpitude on the part
of the person committing it and to lead to the conclusion that the party
committing it, if an officer of the court, is no longer fit to act as such.
Over conduct such as that, punitive jurisdiction will be exercised, but it
seems hardly necessary to state that no punishment based on personal
misconduct will be inflicted unless the party visited is himself proved to be
personally implicated.”

Evidently, [Mr Yeo SC] was therefore not involved with the preparation of the
Bills of Costs and the proceedings related thereto. In the premises, the RC
finds no misconduct on the part of [Mr Yeo SC] and finds that this header of
your complaint against him is lacking in substance. The RC accordingly directs
the Council to dismiss this header of the complaint.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

143 It is apparent that the RC had relied on WP’s clarification that Mr Yeo SC
was “not involved in drawing up the Bills of Costs or the taxation
proceedings” to conclude that Mr Yeo SC was “not involved in the matters
complained of”. I note at this juncture that the phrase “not involved in
drawing up the Bills of Costs or the taxation proceedings” may lend itself to
different interpretations. It could, as Mr Sharma contended, have the limited
meaning that Mr Yeo SC was not physically involved in drawing up the Bills of
Costs and did not physically argue the taxation proceedings. On the other
hand, it could also mean that Mr Yeo SC did not participate at all in matters
relating to the Bills of Costs and the taxation proceedings. This would
include WP’s Letter of Proposal and WP’s decision to reject Mr Sharma’s
counter-proposal (see para 4 above). In other words, Mr Yeo SC had no
involvement in or knowledge of any matter relating to the quantum of costs
that the SMC sought to recover from Dr Lim, except possibly to the extent of
indicating the number of hours he spent working on the underlying proceedings
and the scope of his role in them. It appears to me that the RC had adopted
the latter interpretation.

144 It is unnecessary for this court to decide whether the RC adopted the
right or wrong interpretation, though it is arguable that the RC adopted a
rather generous interpretation of WP’s clarification. It may very well be the
case that a solicitor as senior as Mr Yeo SC would leave matters relating to P
& P costs to the second solicitor in charge of the matter, in this case, Ms Ho
(who is not a junior solicitor herself). On the other hand, it may also be
said that it was prima facie unlikely that Mr Yeo SC was entirely unaware of
the amount of costs claimed from Dr Lim.

145 Nonetheless, I am of the view that it was not for the RC to find that Mr
Yeo SC was not involved in the matter complained of and therefore not guilty
of any professional misconduct. The only evidence before the RC in relation to
Mr Yeo SC’s role and involvement in the matter complained of was WP’s
clarification in this regard. WP’s clarification did not appear to be
supported by any documentation or objective evidence except insofar as the
Notes of Evidence of the taxation proceedings show that Mr Yeo SC was not
present at the hearings. The assertion by WP was self-serving in nature and
stood in direct contradiction to the position taken by Mr Sharma. WP’s
clarification must also be viewed in the light of the following background
facts:

(a) The file reference number on WP’s Letter of Proposal to Mr Sharma and WP’s
response to Mr Sharma’s counter-proposal dated 20 November 2012 bore, inter
alia, “AY”. It is not disputed that “AY” refers to Mr Yeo SC.

(b) The Bills of Costs similarly contained “AY” in the file reference number.
They also indicate that the solicitor in charge was: “1. Alvin Yeo SC”.

(c) Mr Yeo SC was one of the solicitors who acted against Dr Lim in the
underlying proceedings and that the Bills of Costs claimed, amongst others,
his fees for those proceedings.

146 The review committee was introduced to be a “sifting mechanism” and its
mandate is a limited one. Having said that, I am not saying that a review
committee is never entitled to come to findings of fact based on answers that
the solicitor (or the complainant for that matter) provides to the review
committee in response to questions from it. A review committee may be able to
come to findings of fact for it to determine whether a complaint is frivolous,
vexatious, misconceived or lacking in substance. Section 85(7) of the LPA
further provides a review committee with the power to have the complainant or
solicitor answer any inquiry. However, it is not for a review committee to
perform the task of an IC and make findings on disputed facts especially when
the finding is based on a self-serving statement. The RC implicitly recognised
this. The Decision Letter stated at para 5 that, “the RC is entitled to obtain
verification of the status and facts where this do not require any
consideration of credibility, weight or finding on the merits”. Yet it seems
that it proceeded to accept WP’s explanation at face value which would
involve, inter alia, a consideration of WP’s credibility. It may turn out
subsequently that Mr Yeo SC was indeed not involved at all in the matters
complained of. Nevertheless, that was not a conclusion for the RC to make in
the circumstances.

147 Therefore, although the RC’s interpretation of WP’s clarification was not
irrational nor necessarily an error of law, it had exceeded its remit. The
error would in principle entitle the court to set aside the RC’s decision in
respect of Mr Yeo’s involvement. In the circumstances, it is unnecessary for
me to consider whether Mr Sharma had a right to respond to WP’s clarification.

Consequences of my findings

148 To summarise my findings thus far, I have found that the RC did not make
any error of law under Grounds 1 and 2 and I have dismissed both grounds. I
have, however, found that the RC exceeded its remit under Ground 3. I now
proceed to consider the impact my findings would have on the RC’s decision for
the purposes of the present judicial review and whether Mr Sharma is entitled
to the reliefs claimed.

149 Despite my finding that the RC had erred under Ground 3, I dismiss Mr
Sharma’s application in so far as it seeks to quash the RC’s decision to
direct the Council to dismiss Limb 1 of the Complaint against both Mr Yeo SC
and Ms Ho. Even if Mr Yeo SC was indeed involved in the preparation of the
Bills of Costs, the RC was entitled to conclude that Limb 1 of the Complaint
lacked substance (see para 14(a)(iii) of the Decision Letter) and direct the
Council to dismiss Limb 1 against both Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho. I have found under
Grounds 1 and 2 that the RC did not err in law in coming to this conclusion
and accordingly, the RC’s decision in respect of Limb 1 of the Complaint is
upheld.

150 In respect of Limb 2 of the Complaint, I note that the RC had referred the
matter to the Chairman to constitute an IC vis-à-vis Ms Ho but not Mr Yeo SC.
The RC’s reason for excluding Mr Yeo SC was that it concluded that Mr Yeo SC
was “not involved with the preparation of the Bills of Costs and the
proceedings related thereto” (see para 14(b)(i) of the Decision Letter). I
have found that it was not for the RC to reach this conclusion (see above at
[147]). Nevertheless, it does not necessarily follow that the RC’s decision
not to refer Limb 2 to the Chairman vis-à-vis Mr Yeo SC must be quashed.

151 To recapitulate, Limb 2 of the Complaint was that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho had
claimed costs in excess of the sums SMC were liable to pay WP. Such conduct is
prohibited under s 112(2) of the LPA, which provides that a client shall not
be entitled to recover from any other person more than the amount payable by
the client to his own solicitor. It follows that a solicitor is prohibited
from claiming P & P costs in excess of what his client is liable to pay him.

152 In the course of arguments, the Attorney-General submitted that there must
be both a complaint and material on which a person may make that complaint,
relying on the decision of the Court of Appeal in Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan
Yew and another [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 (at [80]). In the context of Limb 2 of the
Complaint, the Attorney-General doubted in the first place that there was a
complaint. He submitted that in any event there was no material to say that Mr
Yeo SC and Ms Ho had claimed P & P costs in excess of the actual sums billed
to SMC or that could be billed under arrangements agreed with SMC.

153 Looking at the Complaint again, I noted that Mr Sharma had not explicitly
alleged that Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho had claimed more than what SMC was liable to
WP for. He had only alluded to general principles, for example, that a lawyer
should not be allowed to claim costs against a losing party that are higher
than what was paid or what was agreed to be paid by his own clients. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Page 3, last para of the Complaint.

154 Later in the Complaint, he said 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Page 7, 3rd para of the Complaint.

:

I wish to highlight an additional point: When the fees were reduced
voluntarily before the appeal hearing, it can either be that SMC gave a
reduction but the lawyers maintained the original amount or, the lawyers
reduced their fees. It is very clear from the submissions at the hearing and
the notes of evidence that it was the lawyers who reduced their fees. If,
additionally, the lawyers had not billed SMC the full amount before charging
the 3 bills against my wife, then I would say that it is equivalent to serious
violation of ethics, e.g. contingent if not a deliberate fraud to give the
impression that they had billed SMC amounts which are equal or higher than
those claimed in the 3 Bills.

155 This passage supports the view that Mr Sharma was not certain whether Mr
Yeo SC and Ms Ho had in fact claimed more in the Bills of Costs than what SMC
was liable to pay WP. But he thought that this might be so.

156 As a complainant, Mr Sharma has to make a positive assertion/complaint. He
is not in the category of persons who may refer information touching upon the
conduct of a solicitor to the Law Society (see [60]). Therefore, if there was
no complaint as such then the RC should not have treated it as one.

157 On the other hand, it may be said that there was a complaint by Mr Sharma
as summarised in Limb 2, however indirectly it may have been made. It seems to
me that Limb 2 was really a subset of Limb 1 which was the complaint. Mr
Sharma was complaining that WP had grossly over-claimed against Dr Lim and he
then wondered whether WP might even have claimed more against Dr Lim than what
SMC was liable to WP for. Limb 2 was therefore not a complaint as such. On
this basis alone, Mr Sharma’s application to quash the RC’s decision in
respect of Limb 2 vis-à-vis Mr Yeo SC should be dismissed.

158 However, assuming that Limb 2 was a complaint and a distinct one at that,
the next point then is whether the court should consider whether there was
some basis or material for the complaint.

159 Mr Sharma submitted that the court should refer the Limb 2 complaint back
to the RC (or a newly constituted one) and not consider whether there is any
substance in the Limb 2 complaint. This is because it is outside the purview
of a supervising court to sift through the evidence and evaluate whether a
tribunal was correct to arrive at a certain conclusion (see Re Shankar Alan at
[39])

160 On the other hand, the Law Society submitted that the court may and should
decide not to exercise its discretion to quash that part of the RC’s decision
on Limb 2 in respect of Mr Yeo SC if the court is of the view that the same
decision would still be reached by the RC, citing R v Knightsbridge Crown
Court, ex parte Marcrest Properties Ltd [1983] 1 WLR 300 and R v Broadcasting
Complaints Commission, ex parte Owen [1985] 2 WLR 1025.

161 The Law Society also relied on O 55 r 6(7) of the Rules of Court which
states that, “The Court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground
of misdirection … unless in the opinion of the Court substantial wrong or
miscarriage has been thereby occasioned”. I should observe that that provision
applies to an appeal and not a review and hence is not applicable to Mr
Sharma’s application before this court.

162 The Attorney-General submitted that the court should not make a quashing
order if the outcome would still be the same. He stressed that the court
should not act in vain. He relied on R (on the application of Garg) v Criminal
Injuries Compensation Authority [2007] EWCA Civ 797, R v Secretary of State
for the Home Department, Ex parte Fire Brigades Union and others [1995] 2 AC
513 and R v Mansfield Justices, Ex parte Sharkey [1985] QB 613. The Attorney-
General also pointed out that a similar approach is taken by English and
Singapore courts where there has been a breach of natural justice, citing
Malloch v Aberdeen Corporation [1971] 1 WLR 1578, Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v
Fairmount Development Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 and Management Corporation
Strata Title Plan No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 998.

163 Mr Sharma did not contest the proposition that the court has a discretion
not to quash the decision of the RC even if the RC had exceeded its remit or
made an error in law. His point was that the court should quash the decision
and refer the matter back to a review committee.

164 I am of the view that since the court has a discretion whether to quash
the decision of the RC or not, the court should consider whether it ought to
issue a quashing order in the circumstances, while bearing in mind not to
usurp the function of the RC.

165 I will now refer to the RC’s report itself as it reflects the flow of the
RC’s reasoning better. Paragraph 13(c) of the report stated:

(c) In respect of the second limb, the Complainant did not furnish any
evidence, relying on the inference to be drawn from the fact that the amounts
awarded on taxation were significantly less than the amounts claimed and from
the manner in which the work done was described in the Bills of Costs.

166 This observation was expanded in para 14(e) of the report which stated:

(e) In the premises, for [Limb 2] to have foundation, the amounts claimed in
the bills of costs would have to be higher than what SMC was actually billed
or what SMC could be liable to pay under its agreement with Wong Partnership.
The bases of this complaint were that the significant reduction in the amounts
allowed and the apparent discrepancy in hourly rates that could have been
charged to SMC were indications that the amounts claimed in the bills of costs
were in excess of what was actually billed to SMC and not in accordance with
the rates agreed with SMC. The Complaint did not contain any assertion of what
the terms between the SMC and Wong Partnership were, what amounts were billed,
and what amounts would have been due under the terms of engagement. The
Complaint did not set out any facts or evidence to support this assertion,
except for Ian Winter Q.C.’s opinion. Given that the true state of affairs
could be ascertained quite easily, we were of the view that clarification
would be useful in consideration of the matter.

167 Although para 14(e) of the report identified two bases of complaint for
Limb 2 (ie, the significant reduction in the amounts allowed and the apparent
discrepancy in hourly rates), it suggested that the RC had proceeded to seek
clarification from WP not because there was substance in the two bases of the
Limb 2 complaint but because the RC was of the view that “the true state of
affairs could be ascertained quite easily” and “that clarification would be
useful in consideration of the matter”. This is confirmed by the fact that the
RC subsequently dismissed the two bases of the Limb 2 complaint, as gleaned
from para 21(c) of the report which stated:

(c) In relation to the Bills of Costs being excessive, we are of the view that
the fact that the Bills were eventually taxed down significantly does not by
itself give rise to an inquiry of professional misconduct, in the absence of
other impropriety. We have noted the Complainant’s allegation that the
effective hourly rate would be excessive but accept that the amounts in the
Bills of Costs reflect the work of all the solicitors involved.

The above passage is similar to the passage in para 14(a)(iii) of the Decision
Letter (cited at [107] and [121] above).

168 In my view, the RC had erred in its approach here and, ironically, this
error was in favour of Mr Sharma as the RC eventually referred Ms Ho to the IC
on the Limb 2 complaint. I will now elaborate as to how this came about.

169 As the Attorney-General stressed in his submission to this court, Limb 2
involved S & C privilege. It is worthwhile for me to mention that it is easy
to overlook that such a privilege exists especially when complaints are
frequently made by the clients themselves. In such a situation, it may be said
that a client impliedly waives the privilege when he makes a complaint so that
a solicitor and a review committee or an IC need not concern themselves about
such a privilege. This is not so when the complainant is not the client.

170 It seems to me that the RC had overlooked the point that any request by
the RC for a clarification from WP on Limb 2 was likely to intrude on S & C
privilege as between WP and the SMC. What the RC should have done was to see
first if there was any substance in the Limb 2 complaint before seeking any
clarification from WP. If there was no substance, then the matter should have
ended there. Instead, what the RC did was to seek clarification from WP even
though it had not satisfied itself that there was some substance in the
Complaint, thinking that the clarification would resolve the question quite
easily. The RC then found that it had run into a brickwall because WP claimed
S & C privilege in one of its responses. The RC then considered its options
(see paras 10 and 20 of the report which are substantially repeated in paras
11 and 12 of the Decision Letter). Eventually the RC decided not to consider
the material for which privilege was being claimed and the RC decided to refer
Ms Ho to the IC for the Limb 2 complaint. It seems to me that the RC was
distracted by the options it had to consider, in the light of the claim of
privilege, and had overlooked the fundamental point as to whether there was
any substance in the Limb 2 complaint in the first place.

171 In a further irony, the RC had referred Ms Ho to the IC on the Limb 2
complaint but not Limb 1 when, ordinarily, a complaint in the nature of Limb 2
has to cross a higher threshold than Limb 1. I say this because if the
complaint under Limb 2 were made out, it would mean that there was gross over-
claiming by WP which would amount to misconduct. However, the converse is not
true – even if there was a gross over-claim which would amount to misconduct,
it would not necessarily mean that the Limb 2 complaint was made out. In my
view, the RC had referred Ms Ho to the IC on the Limb 2 complaint but not on
Limb 1 because of the incorrect approach the RC had adopted.

172 Therefore, having not received any useable information from WP or SMC due
to S & C privilege, the RC was essentially back at its starting point, which
was its view that the Limb 2 complaint was not supported by any facts or
evidence, ie, that the Limb 2 complaint was lacking in substance. However,
instead of directing the Council to dismiss the Limb 2 complaint, the RC
referred that complaint in respect of Ms Ho to the Chairman to constitute an
IC. In my view, such a course of action was inherently contradictory to the
RC’s own findings and was irrational.

173 I appreciate that the RC’s decision on the Limb 2 complaint in respect of
Ms Ho is not before the court for review. In this regard, I agree with the
submission of the Attorney-General that there is nothing for this court to do
vis-à-vis Ms Ho and it is up to Ms Ho to take whatever steps she wishes
regarding the Limb 2 complaint. Instead, it is only the RC’s decision on the
Limb 2 complaint in respect of Mr Yeo SC that is before the court for review.
It would, however, be incongruous for the court to refer the Limb 2 complaint
vis-à-vis Mr Yeo SC back to the RC when the RC had already, in essence, found
that the Limb 2 complaint was lacking in substance. Even if the RC did not
make the error that it did under Ground 3, its decision on Limb 2 vis-à-vis Ms
Ho should still be the same as for Mr Yeo SC, ie, to direct the Council to
dismiss it. Accordingly, I was not inclined to exercise my discretion to quash
the RC’s decision in respect of Limb 2 vis-à-vis Mr Yeo SC. However, for
completeness, I have considered further whether a refusal to quash the RC’s
decision would result in some injustice to Mr Sharma. I have done so even
though this may entail going into the merits of the remainder of his
allegations as those allegations raise important points of principle or
approach.

174 It appears from the Complaint that Mr Sharma was relying on various
allegations to draw an inference to support the Limb 2 complaint. The RC had
referred to two of the allegations which it dismissed:

(a) the fact of the significant reduction in the amount allowed on taxation;
and

(b) the excessive hourly rates alleged by Mr Sharma.

The first of these allegations is already dealt with in my discussion of
Ground 1, and the second is already covered in my discussion of Ground 2.

175 It appears to me that Mr Sharma was also relying on the following
additional allegations to draw inferences in respect of Limb 2 (as well as
Limb 1):

(a) In WP’s without prejudice letter dated 12 March 2012, they had asked for
$865,000 for costs, excluding disbursements and GST. When that proposal was
rejected, they increased the amount claimed to $1,007,009.37 in the three
Bills of Costs which they filed (“Reason A”).

(b) When the Bills of Costs was being reviewed by the judge, after taxation
done by the AR, WP had reduced their claim by $287,009.37 (see [6]) (“Reason
B”).

176 However, the question still arises as to whether any of these allegations
is applicable to sustain the Limb 2 complaint.

177 As for Reason A, I am of the view that it was not open to Dr Lim or Mr
Sharma to refer to the without prejudice proposal by WP dated 12 March 2012.
It was not disputed that the proposal was made without prejudice and in good
faith to try and reach a settlement on the costs payable by Dr Lim to SMC.
Accordingly, since that proposal was not accepted, Dr Lim would have been
precluded from referring to it in the course of taxation in order to argue
that the amount being claimed in the Bills of Costs was an over-claim to the
extent that it was more than what SMC was liable to pay WP. Such is the
protection accorded by a proposal made without prejudice.

178 Had Dr Lim made the Complaint herself, she would still have been precluded
from referring to the without prejudice proposal in order to support her
complaint of over-claiming in the Bills of Costs. The reason is obvious.
Generally, parties and their solicitors are encouraged to make without
prejudice proposals on costs so as to avoid further dispute on the subject. It
would negate the rationale for encouraging such proposals if the proposal
could be referred to in making a complaint about over-claiming even though it
cannot be referred to in the taxation itself. Put another way, no solicitor
could safely assume that the proposal would not be referred to (if it were not
accepted), if one could still refer to it to make a complaint about gross
over-claiming as between party and party. If an opponent were to allege that
the amount claimed in the P & P bill of costs was excessive to the extent that
it exceeded what the other party was liable to pay his solicitors, he will
have to do so without referring to the without prejudice proposal.

179 Mr Sharma cannot be in a better position than Dr Lim. As Dr Lim would have
been precluded from referring to the without prejudice proposal in any
complaint which she might choose to make about over-claiming, Mr Sharma is
likewise precluded. Therefore, even though the without prejudice proposal was
in fact made it cannot sustain any such complaint.

180 Even if Mr Sharma were entitled to refer to the proposal, it is not
evidence of a gross over-claim, let alone that WP was claiming more than what
SMC was liable to pay them. It is in the nature of a without prejudice
proposal that the amount proposed is less than the actual claim if pursued.
Furthermore, even if no detail or reason was given by WP for claiming more
than what it had proposed, it was for WP to justify its claim in taxation. The
position remains that the proposal made without prejudice cannot be referred
to in order to argue that the claim was grossly excessive or more than what
SMC was liable for.

181 I now come to Reason B. Was the reduction by WP of $287,009.37 during the
hearing of the review application as sinister as Mr Sharma was suggesting?
Before I continue, I will address a point made by Mr Sharma in oral
submissions. It was argued that this reduction was a distinct complaint
although it was also part of the overall complaint about gross over-claiming.
I do not consider this reduction as a distinct complaint. Furthermore, it was
not treated as such by the RC, and the Statement in support of the application
before me did not allege that the RC had erred in failing to consider it as a
distinct complaint.

182 In the Complaint, Mr Sharma stressed (at p 7) that the reduction of this
sum demonstrated that WP “had already attempted to overcharge [Dr Lim] by” the
same amount. There cannot be any dispute that since WP had reduced their claim
by $287,009.37 for the review hearing, there was an over-claim by WP of this
amount during the initial taxation. However, in my view, that is not the
point. The point is whether this was done deliberately.

183 Mr Sharma also alleged in the Complaint (at p 6) that he found it
“curious” that WP only discovered the overlap when the SMC appealed against
the AR’s decision and that this overlap should already have been apparent to
WP when they first rendered the Bills of Costs. He believed that the reduction
was indicative of the fact that WP could not justify the original amount
claimed in the Bills of Costs. I agree that the fact that WP reduced their
original claim would mean that they cannot justify the original claim, but
that again is neither here nor there. The point again is whether they included
the $287,009.37 deliberately.

184 The dispute between SMC and Dr Lim was not a simple one. The taxation was
also not simple. I reiterate that although WP could claim for two solicitors
only, in fact more than two were involved. In such a situation, one cannot
assume that the existence of an over-claim necessarily means that it was done
deliberately.

185 Mr Sharma submitted that a mere acknowledgment of an error by a solicitor
will not necessarily absolve the solicitor of all wrongdoing. That is true.
However, it is also true that an acknowledgment of an error is not necessarily
evidence of misconduct. The circumstances under which the error was made
should be considered.

186 WP disclosed the specific over-claim for the taxation review which I had
heard. It was not as though its back was to the wall and the court was close
to discovering that over-claim when WP revealed it. Thus Mr Sharma stopped
short of saying that the court would have discovered the over-claim in any
event.

187 In the circumstances, I am of the view that WP had made the disclosure
voluntarily and no adverse inference should be drawn from such a disclosure.
Otherwise, WP would be damned for disclosing the over-claim and damned if they
did not and the error was subsequently discovered. That cannot be right for it
will discourage solicitors from redressing their errors. Therefore, the fact
that WP had voluntarily disclosed the over-claim cannot sustain any complaint
of misconduct let alone the Limb 2 complaint.

188 Furthermore, there was no complaint by R&T about Limb 2 (or even Limb 1)
during the taxation. On this point, the Attorney-General had submitted that
this omission precluded Dr Lim or Mr Sharma from raising the Limb 2 complaint.
He relied on Pamplin v Express Newspapers Ltd [1985] 1 WLR 689 (“Pamplin”) to
submit that Dr Lim should have raised the point in taxation so that the SMC
could have elected then whether to waive S & C privilege and not be troubled
by this issue when the Complaint was made later. He submitted that the
Complaint constituted re-litigation and encourages satellite litigation.

189 Mr Sharma submitted that the Complaint was not re-litigation. He was not
seeking to go behind the result of the taxation and was instead acting upon
that result. He also submitted that the omission to make any complaint of
misconduct in taxation did not preclude him from making the Limb 2 complaint.

190 I agree that this was not a case of re-litigation. Whether it was
satellite litigation is neither here nor there. The case of Pamplin does not
assist the submission of the Attorney-General. In that case, the question was
whether a litigant was entitled to see certain material from his opponent
which was filed for taxation proceedings and which was available to the taxing
master. The court was considering a conflict between two legal principles. The
first was that a party may not make secret communications to the court. The
second was the right of a party not to disclose to his opponent documents or
transactions covered by legal professional privilege. It was in that context
that the court said that a litigant has to choose what evidence he will adduce
and to what extent he will waive his privilege. That case is not authority for
the proposition that failure to raise an issue in taxation precludes the
raising of that issue in a subsequent complaint about the conduct of a
solicitor.

191 Therefore, I am of the view that the omission to raise the point in
taxation did not preclude Dr Lim, or Mr Sharma, from raising it in a
complaint. However, the omission to do so did militate against the validity of
such a complaint.

192 In all the circumstances, I am of the view that while WP should have been
more careful in preparing the Bills of Costs, there is no basis for suggesting
that they had over-claimed the $287,009.37 deliberately. A fortiori, there is
no basis for using the over-claim to suggest that WP had in fact claimed more
in the Bills of Costs than what SMC was liable for to them. For the avoidance
of confusion, I would mention that the argument based on the over-claim of
$287,009.37 was different from that about the alleged excessive hourly rates
of Mr Yeo SC and Ms Ho although the $287,009.37 was part of the overall
complaint of over-claiming. The argument of excessive hourly rates arose
because the hours spent by other solicitors were not taken into account. The
$287,009.37 reduction did take into account the work done by other solicitors
but it also took into account any overlap between solicitors which should not
have been included. The $287,009.37 was supposed to represent the overlap.

193 Mr Sharma also submitted that the court should consider WP’s vacillatory
conduct on the whole: first, in increasing the amount claimed in the Bills of
Costs to more than what was claimed in the without prejudice proposal and then
in reducing the amount claimed in the Bills of Costs by the over-claimed
amount of $287,009.37.

194 In the first place, as I mentioned already, the without prejudice proposal
cannot be referred to in the Complaint. As for the over-claim of $287,009.30,
this was revealed voluntarily as I have said.

195 In the circumstances, there was still no basis to draw any inference to
support the Limb 2 complaint. Therefore, I am of the view that I should
decline to quash the RC’s decision on Limb 2. I am satisfied that this will
not be an unjust result to Mr Sharma.

196 Accordingly, I dismiss Mr Sharma’s application in this regard.

197 I add that the reasons I have considered would also not support an
allegation of misconduct under Limb 1 of the Complaint for similar reasons.

Summary and Remedies

198 I summarise my findings in relation to the substantive merits of this
application:

(a) Under Ground 3, I find that it was not for the RC to reach the conclusion
that it did based on a self-serving statement. However, there is no reason to
disturb the RC’s decision in respect of Limb 2 of the Complaint vis-à-vis Mr
Yeo SC.

(b) Under Ground 1, I find that the RC had not made an error of law in its
reasoning in dismissing Limb 1 of the Complaint.

(c) Under Ground 2, I find that the RC had not made an error of law.

199 In the circumstances, I dismiss OS 593. The Law Society is to notify both
the Chairman and the RC of this judgment.

200 I will hear the parties on costs and on any consequential order that may
be sought.

General observations

On complaints about over-claiming

201 In future, due to the intrusive nature of an allegation that a solicitor
has claimed more costs from the other party than what is due to him from his
own client, a review committee (or any other tribunal down the line) may want
to consider asking a complainant whether he is prepared to reveal the S & C
costs of the alleged victim where there is no independent objective evidence
to support the complaint. If the victim’s own S & C costs are themselves more
than what was claimed on a P & P basis, then on what basis does a complainant
say that the opposing solicitor had claimed more than that solicitor’s own S &
C costs? If the complainant does not reveal the information, that is a factor
which may be taken into account.

202 Likewise, when an argument is made that the hours claimed in a bill of
cost is grossly excessive, it may be worthwhile to ask the disputing solicitor
how many hours he himself had put in as a comparison although bearing in mind
that P & P costs are different from S & C costs. This was a question that I
had asked R&T in the review of Bills of Costs in related proceedings but no
information was provided. The hours put in by the disputing solicitor may
provide a further gauge in assessing whether there was gross over-claiming in
the first place.

On the current parties and disclosure of report

203 I have other general observations as well. I note that during the course
of the hearing, a dispute arose as to whether the Law Society is the correct
defendant to be named in this application. It arose because the remedies Mr
Sharma applied for are a quashing order of the RC’s decision and a mandatory
order for a fresh review committee to be constituted. In relation to the
quashing order, the decision that is sought to be quashed was not made by the
Law Society and the Law Society said it was unable to speak for the RC. In
relation to the mandatory order, the Law Society submitted that it has no
power under the LPA to appoint or re-constitute a review committee. That power
is vested in the Chairman or Deputy Chairman under s 85(6) of the LPA, both of
whom are independent of the Law Society. Therefore, an argument was made that
even if the court was minded to grant the reliefs which Mr Sharma is seeking,
the Law Society will not be able to comply with them.

204 I note that all the parties are in agreement that the Law Society can and
should be named as the nominal defendant in this application. The gravamen of
the Law Society’s objection was essentially its concern over its ability to
comply with the relief being sought by Mr Sharma. I also note that O 53 r 2(3)
of the Rules of Court provides that “all persons directly affected” by the
application for judicial review must be served with the documents filed for
the application. O 53 r 2(5) further provides that the court may adjourn the
hearing in order that the said documents may be served on any person that
ought to be served but had not been served. Considering the foregoing, I made
the following directions:

(a) The Law Society is to formally notify the Chairman about these proceedings
and to serve the Chairman with copies of OS 593 and affidavits already filed;

(b) The Law Society is to ask the Chairman to also notify the RC about these
proceedings and to serve the RC with copies of OS 593 and affidavits already
filed; and

(c) The Law Society is to ask the Chairman whether he or the RC wishes to be
heard by the court. It is also to ask the Chairman and the RC whether they
undertake to comply with any order or direction from the court.

205 The RC replied indicating that it would leave the matter in the hands of
the court and will be bound by any order or direction made by the court. The
RC also attached its full grounds of decision in its reply. That is how its
full grounds were eventually made available to the court (see [8] above). The
Chairman also replied stating that any decision of the court in a proceeding
to which the Law Society is a party will bind him and be implemented by the
Chairman. Thus there was no substantive issue about implementation of any
court order that might require further steps to be undertaken.

206 Coming back to the RC report. I note that initially the report of the RC
was not provided to Mr Sharma (or to the court). It was not clear to me why
this was so. Perhaps the Council of the Law Society thought that since s
85(9)(b) of the LPA requires the Council to furnish a complainant with the
reasons of a review committee in writing for dismissing the matter, there was
no need to furnish a copy of the RC report to Mr Sharma (and to the court).
The Law Society may also have thought that since s 66 of the LPA states that
confidentiality shall be maintained in proceedings conducted by a review
committee or IC, the report ought not to be disclosed to the complainant.

207 It seems to me that the Council would be complying with s 85(9)(b) LPA if
it had simply forwarded a copy of the RC report to Mr Sharma and it would not
be in breach of s 66 in doing so. There was no need to generate another letter
to state the reasons of the RC. Indeed, if there was any impediment to
disclosing the report, the RC would not have forwarded the report eventually
to the court.

208 Unless there are good reasons for not furnishing a copy of the report, it
may be that in future the furnishing of a copy should be the preferred
approach for the following reasons:

(a) The extra effort and time to generate another letter to state the reasons
of the RC would be saved.

(b) The risk of the letter being inaccurate when compared with the report will
be avoided.

(c) The letter may also not give the full flavour of the report when
considered in its entirety.

209 However, as there was no elaboration by the Law Society about the non-
furnishing of the report, I will say no more.

On solicitor and client privilege

210 This application has highlighted the difficulty that a review committee or
any other tribunal down the line may face if a complaint is made by a non-
client which impinges upon solicitor and client privilege. In Pamplin, the
court suggested that if a taxing master is to be given the power to decide an
issue on the basis of material which the respondent is to have no right to
see, that power should be expressly given by the Rules of the Supreme Court
(at 698). Likewise, I would suggest that power be expressly given to the
review committee and to any other tribunal down the line as well as the court
of three judges to consider material which is covered by S & C privilege
without necessarily disclosing the content of such material to the complainant
or to the Law Society.

Conclusion

211 This has been an exceptional case which is unusual in many respects. Some
of these unusual features are as follows:

(a) This is the first case in which a complaint of misconduct was made in
respect of an allegation of over-claiming in P & P taxation.

(b) The complaint was not made by the party legally liable to pay the costs,
raising the question of locus standi.

(c) The complaint raised matters not raised at the taxation.

(d) This is the first time that an application for review was made against a
decision of an RC, raising the novel question as to whether judicial review of
such a decision is available.

(e) Limb 2 of the Complaint touched upon and intruded into a matter involving
S & C privilege where the complainant was not the client himself.

(f) An error of the RC was made in favour of the applicant seeking judicial
review.

212 I would like to thank all counsel for their assistance.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Vergis S Abraham and Danny Quah (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the plaintiff;

Christopher Anand Daniel, Harjean Kaur and Aw Sze Min (Advocatus Law LLP) for
the defendant;  
Khoo Boo Jin and Sivakumar Ramasamy (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

