Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 47

Suit No 820 of 2014

Between

(1)| QUEK KWEE KEE VICTORIA(EXECUTRIX OF THE ESTATE OF QUEK KIAT SIONG,
DECEASED)  
---|---  
(2)| KER KIM TWAY (EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF QUEK KIAT SIONG, DECEASED)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD  
---|---  
(2)| AIA SINGAPORE PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Insurance] – [Accident insurance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Quek Kwee Kee Victoria (executrix of the estate of Quek Kiat Siong, deceased)
and another

  
v

  

American International Assurance Co Ltd and another

  

[2016] SGHC 47

  

High Court — Suit No 820 of 2014  
Judith Prakash J  
13–14, 18–20, 22–27 August; 11 November 2015  

29 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 On the morning of 4 August 2012, Mr Quek Kiat Siong, aged 50, was found
lying on his bedroom floor in a non-responsive state. He was rushed to
hospital but pronounced dead shortly after arriving there. The cause of his
death was subsequently established as being “Multi-Organ Failure with
Pulmonary Haemorrhage, due to Mixed Drug Intoxication”.

2 The plaintiffs in this action are the executors of the estate of Mr Quek
Kiat Siong (“the deceased” or “Mr Quek”). At the time of his death, the
deceased was insured under two personal accident insurance policies which had
been issued originally by the first defendant. Subsequently, the second
defendant took over the first defendant’s business and obligations under the
policies. The plaintiffs sought recovery under the policies on the basis that
the deceased’s death fell within the terms of the same. The defendants took
the view that in the circumstances the policies were not engaged and rejected
the claim for the insured sums. The plaintiffs started this action on 31 July
2014 to enforce recovery.

3 The main issue to be decided therefore is whether the deceased’s death was
caused by a risk covered by the policies.

The policies

4 The first policy was issued in September 2001 and it is known as a “PA24
Hour Plan, Personal Accident Policy”. I shall refer to it as the “PA Policy”.
The sum assured by the PA Policy is $200,000. The second policy was issued in
November 2008 and it is known as an “AIA Platinum Protector, Personal Accident
Policy”. I shall refer to it as the “Platinum Policy”. The sum assured by the
Platinum Policy is $1m.

5 For present purposes, under Part I of the PA Policy, the defendants provide
the assured with a “Loss of Life Accident Indemnity” in the following
circumstance:

When Injury results in loss of life of the Assured within three hundred and
sixty five (365) days after the date of the accident …

The term “Accident” is not defined but the term “Injury” is. By the PA Policy:

“Injury” shall mean bodily injury effected directly and independently of all
other causes by accident.

6 Under Part 1 of Section 4 of the Platinum Policy, the defendants provide the
assured with “Benefits” in the event of “Accidental Death” in the following
circumstance:

When Injury results in loss of life of the Assured within three hundred and
sixty five (365) days after the date of the Accident the Company will pay the
Principal Sum for Accidental Death stated in the Policy Information Page.

The terms “Accident” and “Injury” are both defined, viz:

“Accident” shall mean an unforeseen and involuntary event which causes an
Injury.

“Injury” shall mean bodily Injury sustained in an Accident and effected
directly and independently of all other causes and therefore not due to
illness or disease.

7 Both policies contain clauses providing for a death caused by suicide to be
specifically excluded from coverage under the relevant policy.

The pleadings

8 In para 24 of the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs noted that the cause of
death had been attributed to multi-organ failure with pulmonary haemorrhage,
due to mixed drug intoxication. Further, post-mortem, four different drugs
with elevated levels were found in the deceased’s blood and the combined use
of these drugs could lead to heart failure and death.

9 In para 27, the plaintiffs averred that the “mixed drug intoxication” was
completely accidental and unintentional. The deceased had suffered injuries
that were a likely result from drug interactions of his prescribed medications
whose toxic serum levels may have been caused by drug–drug interactions. In
particular, the deceased’s prescribed psychiatric medications were at the
upper prescribing limit and could act synergistically to potentiate the drug
levels recorded in the deceased’s toxicology report.

10 By para 28, the plaintiffs averred that the deceased had never displayed
any sign of any suicidal tendency or ideation to his family members, friends
or Dr Ang, his treating psychiatrist.

11 Only the second defendant filed a Defence to the action. The second
defendant denied para 27 of the Statement of Claim and put the plaintiffs to
strict proof thereof. The second defendant averred that the consumption of the
drugs in respect of the type and/or dosage by the deceased on or about the
night preceding his death was not accidental.

12 The second defendant made no admission to para 28 of the Statement of Claim
and put the plaintiffs to strict proof of the same. By para 12 of the Defence,
the second defendant averred that it was not liable to make any payment to the
plaintiffs under the PA Policy and Platinum Policy for the following reasons
given in respect of the respective policies:

(a) Under the PA Policy:

(i) the injuries that caused the death of the deceased were not caused by
accident and, therefore, were not an event covered by the policy pursuant to
section 2(j) of the Terms and Conditions therein; and/or

(ii) the death of the deceased was caused by suicide and, therefore, by an
event excluded under section 4(5) of the Terms and Conditions therein.

(b) Under the Platinum Policy:

(i) the injuries or death of the deceased was not an accident as the same was
not caused by an involuntary event and, therefore, not by an event covered by
the policy pursuant to section 2(16) of the Terms and Conditions therein;
and/or

(ii) the injuries that caused the death of the deceased were not sustained in
an accident and, therefore, not by an event covered by the policy pursuant to
section 2(17) of the Terms and Conditions therein; and/or

(iii) the death of the deceased was caused by suicide and, therefore, by an
event excluded under section 5(5) of the Terms and Conditions therein; and/or

(iv) the death of the deceased was caused by “drug abuse or any other
complications arising therefrom; or accidents caused by and whilst under the
influence of drugs” an event excluded under section 5(11) of the Terms and
Conditions therein.

13 From the pleadings, it is clear that the plaintiffs as the parties seeking
to hold the second defendant to its obligations under the policies have the
onus of establishing that the injuries resulting in the death of the deceased
were caused by a peril insured under the policies, namely, an accident. The
plaintiffs accept this and their case is that the deceased’s death was an
accidental one resulting from the mixed drug intoxication but that such
intoxication occurred after the deceased consumed the drugs prescribed to him
in the quantities prescribed and that he did not consume extra amounts of the
same.

Mr Quek’s story

14 First, I tell Mr Quek’s backstory. This will help in understanding the
evidence and the submissions.

15 Mr Quek was one of the youngest children in a family of 16 siblings.
Despite his junior position in the family hierarchy, Mr Quek played a leading
role in the family business. The family business, established by Mr Quek’s
late father, involves the manufacture and sale of popiah and is carried on in
Joo Chiat Road. The premises at Joo Chiat Road (“Joo Chiat house”) have, for
more than 50 years, served both as the business premises and residence of the
Quek family.

16 Mr Quek’s parents recognised that he was street-smart, responsible and a
savvy businessman. Thus, before the patriarch of the family died in August
2001, he appointed Mr Quek to take over and manage the family business. From
that time until his death, Mr Quek ran the business and also managed the
estate of his father which included no fewer than 21 real properties. In
respect of the business, Mr Quek was assisted by many members of the family
including his younger sister, Ms Quek Siew Kim (“Ms Siew Kim”). The first
plaintiff, Ms Quek Kwee Kee Victoria, one of the executors of Mr Quek’s
estate, is also one of his elder sisters.

17 Mr Quek never married. He lived for most of his life in the Joo Chiat
house. The first plaintiff and Ms Siew Kim lived there with him.

18 The Joo Chiat house is a fairly old shop-house which is not in very good
physical condition. For several years before his death, Mr Quek suffered from
chronic back pain which was caused, initially, by his years of carrying heavy
loads of flour in the course of his work. His back pain was worsened by
recurrent falls in the house due to the slippery toilet floor and worn out
staircase.

19 In July 2009, Mr Quek consulted Dr Yeo Sow Nam (“Dr Yeo”), a pain
specialist, in connection with his chronic back pain. He informed Dr Yeo that
he had suffered injuries to his spine from carrying very heavy loads and, as a
result, he had recurrent severe spinal back pain and bilateral leg pain,
numbness and left-sided neck pain and left arm pain and occasional numbness.
His past history included depression, chronic heavy smoking, insomnia and
hypercholesterolemia. At the time of his first consultation, his pain was
severe (rated 10/10) despite his consumption of a number of pain medicines. Mr
Quek complained that he was only able to sit for about 30 minutes at any one
time due to his severe pain.

20 Between 2009 and 2012, Mr Quek suffered from multiple episodes of severe
back pain which were usually preceded by falls. These injuries gave rise to
other medical issues. As a result, Mr Quek had multiple admissions to hospital
and was seen there by Dr Yeo and many other medical specialists including a
psychiatrist and physiotherapists. Apart from the hospital admission, Dr Yeo
saw Mr Quek fairly regularly as an out-patient.

21 According to Dr Yeo, Mr Quek’s complex chronic pain condition required
ongoing maintenance of medication. He prescribed opioids and, in order to
prevent Mr Quek from developing tolerance to the medicine, he rotated the use
of various opioids. Mr Quek was treated with such medication from 2009 until
his death. Each opioid was weaned down and taken off after a period of time
before Mr Quek was switched to another for better pain relief. Mr Quek was
able to achieve some stability in the dosage of pain medication required and
during the six-month period prior to his death there were no increases of
dosage in the medicines prescribed by Dr Yeo.

22 In early 2010, Dr Yeo referred Mr Quek to a psychiatrist, Dr Ang Yong Guan
(“Dr Ang”) to treat Mr Quek’s insomnia, depression and anxiety. At that time,
Mr Quek complained of poor appetite, restlessness and feelings of frustration
due to his failure to recover from his lower back pain. From his interactions
with Mr Quek, Dr Ang noted that as a highly responsible man who adhered to
traditional Chinese values such as diligence, loyalty and commitment, Mr Quek
developed features of “Reactive Depression” and anxiety with insomnia in
reaction to his perceived inability to carry out his role in the family
business effectively due to his impaired physical condition.

23 Dr Ang treated Mr Quek from 10 March 2010 to 31 July 2012, both as an in-
patient and as an out-patient either at his clinic or via telephone
consultations. As Mr Quek’s condition required a variety of medication, Dr Ang
prescribed him a mixture of anti-depressant, anti-anxiety, anti-psychotic and
hypnotic drugs. At any one point between 2010 and 2012, he was prescribed with
a combination of approximately six to seven types of medicine falling within
these categories.

24 Dr Yeo observed that Mr Quek had poor coping strategies which, despite
counselling, he did not change. He refused to renovate or change the slippery
and dilapidated stairs at home. He also had a strong personality and kept his
problems to himself, instead of sharing them with any of his siblings.

Hospitalisation in July 2012

25 On 2 July 2012, Mr Quek was admitted to Mount Elizabeth Novena Hospital for
treatment of his lower back pain, insomnia, anxiety and depression. This was
his fifth hospital admission since March 2010. His primary physician during
this period was Dr Yeo but he was also co-managed by Dr Ang who saw him very
frequently.

26 According to Dr Yeo, Mr Quek had had two falls earlier in 2012, worsening
his severe lower back pain. One was a fall at the Joo Chiat house and the
other was due to a physical fight with one of his brothers. In addition, he
was stressed by a legal suit which he had undertaken against a brother (whom I
shall identify by his initials: “QKC”) (in all probability the same one he had
the physical fight with, though no names were given) to claim back properties
which belonged to his father’s estate.

27 On his admission to hospital, Mr Quek was treated with a spinal injection
and a heat treatment called radiofrequency neuroablation and showed remarkable
improvement thereafter. His pain was well controlled and he was able to sleep
and look after himself. After two weeks in hospital, he was well enough to go
home during the day, in order to attend to his business, returning to the
hospital at night. On many days he left hospital early in the morning and only
returned for rest and respite in the hospital at night. Dr Yeo was heartened
that, during this stay, Mr Quek informed him of his intention to move to a
single-storey apartment so as to avoid more falls. Indeed, the length of time
that Mr Quek spent in hospital was due to his own and his doctors’ desire to
give him a respite from the stresses of his daily life and enable him to
obtain sufficient rest to strengthen his coping abilities. Physically, he
could have been discharged earlier than he was but he wanted to remain in
hospital for a longer period.

28 According to Dr Ang, when he visited Mr Quek on 3 July 2012, the latter was
feeling low in mood and showed symptoms of reactive depression. He also
informed Dr Ang of the legal dispute with his brother. Shortly after
admission, as a result of successful medical treatment, Mr Quek’s pain was
reduced and he showed remarkable improvement both physically and
psychologically. His emotional and mental outlook improved significantly when
he was generally able to sleep well.

29 Mr Quek remained in hospital until 31 July 2012. Dr Ang last saw him there
on 28 July 2012 and, according to Dr Ang, on that occasion, Mr Quek was:

… relevant and rational. He was able to give coherent account of himself and
his current predicament which was his impending Court case with one of his
siblings. He was able to sleep. Appetite was normal in the morning but not so
good in the afternoon. Dinner was fine. He could concentrate by watching news
and reading newspaper. His pain was 7 out of 10 (very painful). His mood was
not so good as he kept thinking about the Court case. There was no major issue
other than the Court case.

30 On discharge, Mr Quek was prescribed with altogether 14 different types of
medicine by Dr Ang and Dr Yeo. Dr Ang gave Mr Quek a six-month supply of
medication while Dr Yeo provided a six-week supply of medication. It should be
noted that none of the medicines prescribed were new to Mr Quek. He had been
on them for months before the July 2012 admission, and in the case of some of
them for years. The medicines prescribed are as follows:

By Dr Yeo:

S/No| Prescription| Indications| Dosage  
---|---|---|---  
1| Jurnista (Hydromorphone)| Pain medication| 1 tablet (16mg) 2 times a day  
2| Oxycontin (Oxycodone)| Pain medication| 1 tablet (20mg) every morning or
nil and only as breakthrough  
3| Lyrica (Pregabalin)| Pain medication| 2 tablets (150mg/tab) 2 times a day  
4| Senna (Sennosides)| Laxative| 2 tablets (7.5mg/tab) 2 times a day  
5| Pariet (Rabeprazole-Na)| Gastric medicine| 1 tablet (20mg) every morning  
6| Lipitor (Atorvastatin)| Cholesterol medicine| 1 tablet (20mg) every night  
  
By Dr Ang:

S/No| Prescription| Indications| Dosage  
---|---|---|---  
1| Remeron (Mirtazapine)| Anti-depressant| 2 tablets (30mg/tab) every night  
2| Cymbalta (Duloxetine)| Anti-depressant| 1 capsule (30mg) 2 times a day  
3| Seroquel (Quetiapine)| Anti-psychotic| 2 tablets (100mg) every night  
4| Zyprexa (Olanzapine)| Anti-psychotic| 1 tablet (10mg) every night  
5| Valium (Diazepam)| Hypnotic| 1 tablet (10mg) every night  
  
6| Dormicum (Midazolam)| Hypnotic| 1 tablet (15mg) every night  
---|---|---|---  
7| Lexotan (Bromazepam)| Anti-anxiety| 1 tablet (3mg) 2 times a day  
8| Stilnox (Zolpiderm)| Hypnotic| 2 tablets (12.5mg/tab) every night  
  
After discharge

31 When he left hospital, Mr Quek returned to the Joo Chiat house. His sisters
were aware, however, that it was Mr Quek’s intention to remove to another
property which was located nearby in Everitt Road. The Everitt Road property
was a three-storey semi-detached house which belonged to the estate of the
patriarch and which was being managed for the family by Mr Quek. He had
divided the house into various rooms and had let out rooms on the ground
floor. One of the rooms was occupied by one of his nephews, Lucas Lim (“LL”),
and the latter’s girlfriend. It was Mr Quek’s intention to move into the
second floor and, for that purpose, he had been buying expensive furniture and
moving it to Everitt Road.

32 After his discharge, Mr Quek spent two nights at the Joo Chiat house,
namely, 31 July 2012 and 1 August 2012. On 2 and 3 August 2012, he spent the
night at Everitt Road house. According to Ms Siew Kim, on both those dates he
spent the day in Joo Chiat carrying on the business and only went back to
Everitt Road house to sleep. On each of those two nights, he packed his
prescribed dosage of medicine for the night into a small plastic Ziploc bag
before leaving the Joo Chiat house. The rest of his medicine was kept in a
cabinet there. On 3 August 2012, after he had packed his medication, Ms Siew
Kim walked with Mr Quek to Everitt Road and spent some time with him there
before returning home.

33 One of the tenants in the Everitt Road house was Mdm Chee Wai Lian (“Mdm
Chee”). Mdm Chee remembered spending about an hour with Mr Quek in the Everitt
Road house on the evening of 3 August 2012, between about 8 and 9pm. The
conversation was light-hearted and, according to Mdm Chee, Mr Quek looked well
and happy. Mr Quek also moved some furniture around in the house and Mdm Chee
offered to help him. However, he refused her help, saying he could manage on
his own. In the event, he was assisted by another tenant.

34 The next morning, at about 10am, LL entered Mr Quek’s bedroom in Everitt
Road and found him lying on the floor between the bed and the bathroom. There
was some vomit and blood on the floor near him and around his mouth. LL called
for an ambulance and this arrived at about 10.43am. On arrival, the ambulance
personnel noted that Mr Quek was unresponsive, had no pulse and did not appear
to be breathing. He was taken by the ambulance to Changi General Hospital
where he was pronounced dead at 11.18am.

Investigations into the deceased’s death

35 An autopsy was performed on the deceased on 5 August 2012 by the Health
Science Authority (“HSA”). An initial Autopsy Report giving the cause of death
as “cardio-respiratory failure pending further investigations” was issued on 7
August 2012. The cause of death was finalised subsequently as being “multi-
organ failure with pulmonary haemorrhage, due to mixed drug intoxication”. A
detailed analysis of the deceased’s blood was undertaken by the HSA. The
analysis detected the following drugs in the deceased’s blood: bromazepam,
duloxetine, hydromorphone, midazolam, mirtazapine, olanzapine, oxycodone,
paracetamol, quetiapine and zolpidem. Most of these drugs were also detected
in his bile, urine and stomach contents. According to Associate Professor Teo
Eng Swee (“Prof Teo”) of the HSA who had supervised the autopsy, four drugs
were found to be at elevated levels as follows:

(i) Bromazepam – the post mortem blood level was about 1½ to 2 times the upper
end of the therapeutic range.

(ii) Duloxetine – the post mortem blood level was about 10 to 11 times the
peak plasma level at steady state with a dose of 80mg/day.

(iii) Mirtazapine – the post mortem blood level was about 2 to 3 times the
upper end of the therapeutic range.

(iv) Olanzapine – the post mortem blood level was about 20 times the upper end
of the therapeutic range.

36 Due to the circumstances in which the deceased’s body was found, a
coroner’s inquiry was undertaken into the circumstances of his death. The
officer in charge of the investigation was Inspector He Yanhuan (“Insp He”).
On 5 August 2012, before the autopsy commenced, the deceased was identified to
Insp He by the first plaintiff. Insp He asked for the deceased’s medication
and one of the family members gave him various drugs which he passed on to the
HSA. After the names of the medicines were recorded, they were returned to the
family. Insp He confirmed that the names of the drugs which later appeared in
his report were taken from the packets of medicine given to him by the Quek
family. The inspector subsequently recorded statements from the first
plaintiff, from LL, and from QKC. He also made inquiries with Mr Quek’s
doctors and obtained reports from them and considered various reports issued
by the HSA after it completed the scientific investigations.

37 An Investigation Report on the death of the deceased was submitted to the
Coroner by Insp He. In this report it was stated that the Police were of the
view that the deceased’s drug intoxication was deliberate with the evidence
pointing to the deceased wanting to end his own life. A Coroner’s Certificate
was issued thereafter. The findings of the Coroner were as follows:

The deceased is Quek Kiat Siong. He was 50 years old. On 3 August 2012 at 11
pm, the deceased was last seen by his nephew. On 4 August 2012 at 10 am, the
deceased was found unresponsive in his room. He was conveyed to Changi General
Hospital but his condition deteriorated and he passed away at 11.18 am. The
deceased was suffering from severe spinal problems and was suffering from
depression as he was unable to sleep at night. The deceased was also involved
in a tussle over his late father’s assets. The cause of death is multi-organ
failure with pulmonary haemorrhage due to mixed drug intoxication. Four
different drugs were found with elevated levels and the combined use of the
drugs could lead to heart failure and death. In all probability the deceased
took an overdose of his prescription drugs with the intention of ending his
life. [SUICIDE].

38 According to the plaintiffs, Mr Quek’s family only found out about the
Coroner’s verdict on 23 January 2013 when they obtained a copy of the
Coroner’s Certificate. They were shocked to learn of the Coroner’s findings as
there was nothing that led them to believe that Mr Quek had intended to end
his life.

The respective positions taken by the parties

39 The plaintiffs’ case is that the second defendant breached the policies by
wrongfully refusing to pay the insured sums because:

(a) the deceased did not intentionally consume an overdose of drugs and had in
fact consumed his medication in accordance with his prescriptions; and

(b) thus, the deceased’s death fell within the meaning of “accident” in the
two policies.

40 The second defendant’s case is that it did not wrongfully refuse to pay the
insured sums because:

(a) the deceased must have intentionally consumed an overdose of drugs; and

(b) in any case, the deceased’s death was not “accidental” or “involuntary”
because the consumption of medication was not an involuntary act.

41 There are both legal and factual issues to be decided in determining
whether the plaintiffs should succeed. The legal portion involves the
construction of the policies and the determination of whether they cover the
risk of dying from the voluntary consumption with prescribed medicine in
accordance with the prescription. The factual question is whether on the facts
the cause of death was the consumption of such medication. I will deal first
with the legal issue before proceeding to the factual issue.

The Legal Issues

Whether “accident” includes drug intoxication caused by a voluntary
consumption of drugs

42 The starting point of the inquiry into the meaning of “accident” must be
the policies themselves. However, apart from the fact that the PA Policy
contains no definition of the term at all, the definition in the Platinum
Policy is, in my view, not exhaustive. Therefore, in both cases recourse must
be had to the common law meaning of “accident” which I have mentioned briefly
but will consider in more detail in this section.

43 The plaintiffs say that the word “accident” in the context of insurance
claims should be construed in its “popular and ordinary sense” which will
include an “unlooked mishap or untoward event which is not expected or
designed” see Fenton v J Thorley and Co Ltd (1903) AC 443. The second
defendant does not dispute this definition as being applicable to the peril
covered by the PA Policy. In respect of the Platinum Policy, however, the
second defendant says that the definition of “accident” as contained in the
policy being “an unforeseen and involuntary event” which causes an injury
means that an accident must include a result which is unforeseen (or not
intended) and an action that is involuntary. Consequently, there would be no
accident even if the deceased did not intend to commit suicide (result not
intended) as long as the act of taking the medication was voluntary regardless
of whether the medicine consumed was in accordance with the prescribed dosage
or not.

44 In making this argument, the second defendant also says that the definition
in the Platinum Policy must be construed strictly and must override any common
law definition. In support of its contention, the second defendant relies on
In re United London and Scottish Insurance Company, Limited [1915] 2 Ch 167.
There, an insurance policy excluded liability in cases where death or
disablement was caused by “medical or surgical treatment, or fighting, or
ballooning, racing, self-injury, or suicide, or anything swallowed, or
administered, or inhaled [emphasis added]”. The Court of Appeal held that the
insured, who died from gas poisoning caused by the inhalation of gas from a
leak in her kitchen, was not entitled to the insured sum. The court refused to
draw any distinction between voluntary and involuntary inhalation even though
it found the policy to be onerous to the insured. Warrington LJ put it in
these terms at 172:

The death was caused by noxious gas inhaled, but it is said we are not to read
this clause in the policy literally, but we are to import from the context
into it this limitation, that it is confined to death occasioned by something
voluntarily inhaled, or something inhaled under circumstances which show that
the assured voluntarily exposed himself to the danger of inhaling. I think it
only requires to be stated to show how imposible [sic] it is to import any
such limitation into the words of this condition. Directly you depart from the
literal meaning of the words you embark upon a sea of difficulties and
speculations which ought I think to be avoided. In my opinion the death in
this case was occasioned by something inhaled. It is therefore within the
limitations expressed in the condition and accordingly not an accident
recoverable for under the policy. [emphasis added]

The second defendant thus says that an “accident” in the present case must
include a result that is unforeseen or unintended, and an action that is
involuntary; in other words, there would be no accident if the consumption of
medication was voluntary, whether or not in accordance with the prescribed
dosage and whether or not the deceased intended to commit suicide.

45 I do not agree with the second defendant. I take the view that a deliberate
consumption of drugs which leads to unforeseen clinical effects can be
classified as an “accident” within the Platinum Policy.

46 First, the second defendant is guilty of attempting a sleight of hand.
“Accident” in the policy is defined as an “unforeseen and involuntary event”.
It is the same event which must be unforeseen and involuntary. This, in fact,
is the result of strict construction – an approach used by the second
defendant. A classic example of an accident would be a traffic accident
between a vehicle and a pedestrian. Generally, the event of the vehicle
colliding into the pedestrian is both unforeseen and involuntary. It would be
a mockery if such an event were not considered an accident simply because the
pedestrian intended to be walking at a particular place at a particular point
in time. In the context of drug intoxication, the consumption of drugs is
generally voluntary, but that is analogous to the voluntary passage of the
pedestrian described above. The drug interactions within the body are
involuntary, but what determines if the resulting drug intoxication is an
accident is whether the effects of the drug were foreseen or intended.

47 Second, it is not always the case that when the term “accident” is defined
or in some way qualified in the policy that the common law meaning becomes
irrelevant. For example, the policy in issue in Glenlight Shipping Ltd v
Excess Insurance Co Ltd [1981] SC 267 stated that the insured’s bodily injury
had to be caused “by violent accidental, external and visible means”. However,
Lord Ross held that the definition meant nothing more than “accident”. At
269–270, he said:

… The phrase “violent accidental, external and visible means” is a somewhat
clumsy one, but it has been commonly employed in personal accident policies
since the last century. The use of a phrase in these terms was criticised by
Lord Cozens Hardy M.R. in In re United London & Scottish Insurance Company
Limited—Brown’s Claim [1915] 2 Ch. 167 at page 170 where he stated “It seems
to me seriously open to doubt whether that does not exempt the company on
every occasion which is likely to occur.” In my opinion, however, the better
view of these words is that which is expressed by Professor Ivamy in Personal
Accident, Life and Other Insurances (Second Edition), page 28, where he states
in relation to this phrase “So far as the effect of the policy is concerned,
these words probably add nothing to the idea conveyed by the word ‘accident,’
since they merely give expression to the essential features of an accident. At
the same time they serve a useful purpose in making clear the distinction
between accidental and natural causes, and thus help to define with greater
precision the scope of the insurance.” [emphasis added]

In my view, the ideas of involuntariness and unforeseeability are so
inextricably linked with the idea of accident that they hardly add anything
useful to the meaning of “accident”. For example, McGee, The Modern Law of
Insurance (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2011) (“McGee”) at para 35.2 refers to these
two characteristics of accidents:

Meaning of “accident”

35.2 This is a question which is a good deal more difficult than might at
first appear. It is suggested that the difficulty comes largely from the fact
that the notion of an accident may be regarded as having two principal
characteristics. The first is that the event was unexpected and the second is
that it is unintended. … [emphasis in italics added]

48 It therefore becomes necessary to have recourse to the meaning of
“accident” at common law to interpret the Platinum Policy as well. On this
basis, the word “involuntary” in the definition of the term “accident” in the
Platinum Policy must be regarded as describing only the outcome or “event” and
not as referring to the action taken that led to the event. Thus, whether the
fact that the deceased deliberately consumed the medication is in itself
sufficient to rule his death not an accident is something that must be
determined by the common law.

49 The second defendant concedes that the deceased’s death would be an
“accident” at common law if it was not the intended result of consuming the
medication. I think this concession is correct. The authorities applying these
broad principles do not speak with one voice but, on balance, such a death
would be “accidental”.

50 As a matter of general principle, a voluntary act with unexpected
consequences falls within the definition of “accident”. It has been recognised
that “[a]lmost all accidents have some deliberate actions among their
immediate causes” (see the Canadian case of Martin v American International
Assurance Life Co [2003] SCC 16 at [12]) and what is key is that the
consequences of the actions that produced death were unexpected. Thus, in that
case, McLachlin CJC said:

10 The insurers argue that the category of deaths caused by accidental means
is narrower, in that it excludes accidental deaths that are the natural
effects of deliberate actions. In their view, a death is only caused by
accidental means when both the death and the actions that are among its
immediate causes are accidental.

…

12 This view seems to me, however, to be problematic. Almost all accidents
have some deliberate actions among their immediate causes. To insist that
these actions, too, must be accidental would result in the insured rarely, if
ever, obtaining coverage. Consequently, this cannot be the meaning of the
phrase “accidental means” in the policy. Insurance policies must be
interpreted in a way that gives effect to the reasonable expectations of the
parties: Reid Crowther & Partners Ltd. v. Simcoe & Erie General Insurance Co.,
[1993] 1 S.C.R. 252, at p. 269. A policy that seldom applied to what
reasonable people would consider an accidental death would violate this
principle.

13 In my view, the phrase “accidental means” conveys the idea that the
consequences of the actions and events that produced death were unexpected.
Reference to a set of consequences is therefore implicit in the word “means”.
“Means” refers to one or more actions or events, seen under the aspect of
their causal relation to the events they bring about.

14 It follows that to ascertain whether a given means of death is
“accidental”, we must consider whether the consequences were expected. We
cannot usefully separate off the “means” from the rest of the causal chain and
ask whether they were deliberate. Cardozo J. emphasized in his dissenting
judgment in Landress v. Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co., 291 U.S. 491, at p.
501, that “[i]f there was no accident in the means, there was none in the
result”. The converse is equally true: if there was no accident in the result,
there can be none in the means. As Cardozo J. went on to say, either “[t]here
was an accident throughout, or there was no accident at all”. Hence, to
determine whether death occurred by accidental means, we must look to the
chain of events as a whole, and we must consider whether the insured expected
death to be a consequence of his actions and circumstances.

[emphasis added]

51 It should follow that, in principle, the unexpected clinical effects
flowing from the deliberate consumption of drugs constitute an “accident”.
This is generally borne out by the cases.

52 The first and perhaps most directly relevant case is Martin. The insured, a
doctor, died when he injected himself with an overdose of Demerol, an opiate
to which he had become addicted in the course of receiving treatment for his
peptic ulcer. The level of Demerol in his blood was at the low end of the
range for lethal doses. The Supreme Court of Canada found that the insured did
not intend to die despite having voluntarily injected himself with Demerol.
Instead, it drew an inference that he miscalculated the amount of Demerol his
body could tolerate. His death was held to be caused by an “accident” within
the policy, which bore the following wording:

BENEFIT

Subject to this provision’s terms, the Company will pay the amount of the
Accidental Death Benefit ... upon receipt of due proof that the Life Insured’s
death resulted directly, and independently of all other causes, from bodily
injury effected solely through external, violent and accidental means ...

Another crucial observation emerges: the fact that drug intoxication may be
intuitively thought of as being internal (rather than “external” and
“violent”) did not prevent it from falling within the meaning of “accident” in
the policy.

53 A second case which permitted recovery under an accidental death and
dismemberment insurance plan is Nichols v Unicare Life & Health Ins Co 739
F.3d 1176 (8th Cir, 2014) (“Nichols”). The United States Court of Appeals for
the Eighth Circuit allowed recovery for an insured who died from mixed drug
intoxication. The policy there was described in the following terms (see
Nichols v Unicare Life & Health Ins Co [2012] WL 4060309, unreported at 4):

The Plan states that accidental death benefits will be paid “if your death
occurs under these conditions: 1) the death is a result of your accidental
injury; and 2) the injury occurred while you were insured by this coverage;
and 3) the death occurred within 180 days of injury.” [AR UniCare 000361
(emphasis [in italics] in original)] The Plan states: “This accidental death
benefit will be paid when we receive due written proof that your death
occurred under the conditions stated in this section.” [AR UniCare 000361] The
Plan does not define the terms “accident” or “accidental,” but it defines the
term “injury” as “physical harm to the body of an insured person [AR UniCare
000372]. [emphasis added in bold]

54 A third case, from the New Zealand courts, also reflects this understanding
of “accident”. In Groves v AMP Fire & General Insurance Co (NZ) Ltd [1990] 1
NZLR 122 (affirmed [1990] 2 NZLR 408), the insured had died of an adverse
reaction to an anaesthetic given in an operation. Jeffries J rejected the
insurers’ argument that the administration of the anaesthetic was deliberate,
and adopted a test where an accident was an unforeseen, unexpected,
extraordinary and unlooked for mishap:

… This Court’s view is that expressed from an earlier decision of that very
learned Judge in Lewis v Ocean Accident & Guarantee Corporation 224 NY 18; 120
NE 56 (1918) in which he stated the following in a case involving death
resulting from puncturing a pimple:

Unexpected consequences have resulted from an act which seemed trivial and
innocent in the doing. Of itself, the scratch or the puncture was harmless.
Unexpectedly it drove destructive germs beneath the skin, and thereby became
lethal. To the scientist who traces the origin of disease there may seem to be
no accident in all this. ‘Probably it is true to say that in the strictest
sense, and dealing with the region of physical nature, there is no such thing
as an accident.’ Halsbury, LC in Brintons v Turvey LR 1905 AC 230, 233. But
our point of viewing in fixing the meaning of this contract must not be that
of the scientist. It must be that of the average man. Brintons v Turvey supra;
Ismay [Imrie & Co] v Williamson LR 1908 AC 437, 440. Such a man would say that
the dire result, so tragically out of proportion to its trivial cause, was
something unforeseen [sic], unexpected, extraordinary, an unlooked-for mishap,
and so an accident. This test – the one that is applied in the common speech
of men – is also the test to be applied by courts. [emphasis added]

Whether the inquiry is subjective or objective

55 I now turn to the nature of the inquiry. The cases are clear that the
inquiry into whether the result of an action is unforeseen is subjective in
the sense that it is to be assessed from the insured’s perspective. McGee at
para 35.2 stated that “In both cases [ie, in determining whether the event was
unexpected and unintended] the matter should be looked at from the point of
view of the person suffering the accident.” This proposition is clearly borne
out by case authority.

56 The Supreme Court of Canada in Martin stated that the test is subjective
and that the court would consider whether a reasonable person expected to die
only if the evidence of the insured’s subjective intention was unclear:

20 As a starting point, we note that the accidental nature of a particular
means of death depends, in ordinary parlance, on the consequences that the
insured had or did not have in mind. When we speak of an “accidental” means of
death, we normally have in mind a situation in which someone’s action has had
results that this person did not intend or expect. Unintentional or unexpected
death is seen as accidental; intentional or expected death as non-accidental.
In Canadian Indemnity Co. v. Walkem Machinery & Equipment Ltd., [1976] 1
S.C.R. 309, at pp. 315-16, Pigeon J. explained the term “accident” with
reference to Halsbury (vol. 22, 3rd ed.) as “any unlooked for mishap or
occurrence” (emphasis in original). Similarly, in Stats, supra, at p. 1164,
this Court, per Spence J. quoted Lord Macnaghten’s comment in Fenton, supra,
at p. 448, that “the expression ‘accident’ is used in the popular and ordinary
sense of the word as denoting an unlooked-for mishap or an untoward event
which is not expected or designed”. It follows that death is not non-
accidental merely because the insured could have prevented death by taking
greater care, or that a mishap was reasonably foreseeable in the sense used in
tort law. Nor does a death that is unintended become “non-accidental” merely
because that person was engaged in a dangerous or risky activity. As this
Court emphasized in Canadian Indemnity, supra, at p. 316, the jurisprudence
assigns a generous meaning to “accidental”, in the absence of language to the
contrary in the insurance policy.

21 The pivotal question is whether the insured expected to die. The
circumstances of the death — what the insured said, or did, or did not do —
may point to the answer. However, to the extent that the answer is unclear
when the matter is viewed solely from the perspective of the insured, the
court may consider whether a reasonable person in the position of the insured
would have expected to die: Candler v. London & Lancashire Guarantee &
Accident Co. of Canada (1963), 40 D.L.R. (2d) 408 (Ont. H.C.), at p. 423;
Johnson v. Mutual of Omaha Insurance Co. (1984), 45 O.R. (2d) 676 (C.A.),
aff’g (1982), 39 O.R. (2d) 559 (Ont. H.C.); Stats., supra, at pp. 1164-65.

57 The Court of Appeals in Nichols espoused a similar subjective test which
had been applied in Wickman v Northwestern National Insurance Co 908 F.2d 1077
(1st Cir, 1990) and considered in Dawn McClelland v Life Insurance Company of
North America 679 F.3d 755 (8th Cir, 2012) at 1182–1183:

… Under Wickman, an event is an accident if the decedent did not subjectively
expect to suffer “an injury similar in type or kind to that suffered” and the
suppositions underlying that expectation were reasonable. 908 F.2d at 1088.
“The determination of what suppositions are unreasonable should be made from
the perspective of the insured, allowing the insured a great deal of latitude
and taking into account the insured’s personal characteristics and
experiences.” Id. If the evidence is insufficient to determine the decedent's
subjective expectation, the question is then whether “a reasonable person,
with background and characteristics similar to the insured, would have viewed
the injury as highly likely to occur as a result of the insured’s intentional
conduct.” Id.

…

In McClelland, under the deferential abuse-of-discretion standard of review,
we held that the insurance company erroneously denied accidental death
benefits to the widow of the insured decedent who died while driving a
motorcycle at high speeds with an elevated blood alcohol level. As “evidence”
of the deceased’s state of mind, the insurance company offered that McClelland
had been educated on the dangers of drinking and driving and should have known
that death was highly likely to occur in his circumstances. We held that this
reasoning was an abuse of the insurer’s discretion, and a misapplication of
the agreed-upon standard set forth in Wickman, because better and more
concrete evidence of McClelland’s subjective state of mind on the morning of
the accident (submitted in the form of affidavits from family, friends and
witnesses on the day of the accident), was that he had no intention to die and
certainly did not think death was likely to occur as he went on a social mid-
Saturday morning motorcycle ride. Id. at 760–61.

Like the insurance company in McClelland, UniCare ignores the subjective
evidence submitted by Nichols, and instead makes leaps to get to the
“objective” conclusion it desires. There was no evidence in the record that
Dana had developed a tolerance to her medications or that she took all 12 of
the missing hydrocodone pills on the night of her death. No evidence suggests
that Dana was suicidal. Similar to the motorcycle driver in McClelland who had
been successfully weaving in and out of traffic at a high rate of speed for
over six miles and therefore did not expect to die that day, Dana had been
taking this combination of prescribed medications, as admitted by UniCare, for
some period of time. There is no evidence whatsoever that Dana intended to
kill herself or thought it likely she would die on May 3, 2010. The subjective
evidence, in the form of letters and statements from her husband and parents,
suggests otherwise. To the extent that her subjective mind set could still be
viewed as uncertain, the objective evidence tended to show that Dana had been
ingesting a combination of prescribed medication for some time, and under
these circumstances, a reasonable person with Dana’s characteristics would not
have viewed death as highly likely to occur. Nor is there a medical
determination that the death was “not accidental” as alleged by UniCare.
Dana’s death falls squarely within the meaning of accident, a word not
otherwise defined in the policy, and as viewed under the Wickman mandate to
consider the situation from the “perspective of the insured, allowing the
insured a great deal of latitude and taking into account the insured's
personal characteristics and experiences.” 908 F.2d at 1088. As the district
court aptly stated, “[i]n sum, all of the evidence indicates that Dana’s death
was the unexpected result of ingesting prescribed medications.” …

[emphasis added]

58 In the present case, I take the view that the deceased must be deemed to
have expected to die if he deliberately consumed an overdose. He was warned by
Dr Yeo that the consequences of consuming an overdose of medication could
include death. The converse must also be self-evident: the deceased must not
have expected to die if he consumed his medication in strict accordance with
his prescriptions. Thus if the evidence shows, at least prima facie, that
death was a result of such normal consumption, then despite the fact that the
consumption was voluntary, the deceased’s death would still be an accident
under the Platinum Policy as well as the PA Policy.

The factual issues

59 The plaintiffs made a number of submissions in support of their contention
that the deceased consumed only his prescribed medicines in the prescribed
doses on 3 August 2012. I will consider these in turn.

Whether the deceased took his medication in a systematic manner according to
his doctors’ prescriptions

60 The first submission that the deceased took his medication in a systematic
manner was based mainly on the evidence of Ms Siew Kim and the second
plaintiff, Mr Ker Kim Tway.

61 Ms Siew Kim testified that the deceased was an organised and systematic man
who took his prescribed medication regularly. She also said that the deceased
would pack his “nightly prescribed dosage of medication” in a small Ziploc bag
before leaving for Everitt Road each evening while the rest of his prescribed
medication was kept in his office cabinet in Joo Chiat. It appeared that Ms
Siew Kim saw the deceased follow this procedure on two nights, ie, 2 and 3
August 2012. After the deceased was taken to hospital on 4 August 2012, Ms
Siew Kim found an empty Ziploc bag in his bedroom. She also found the rest of
his prescribed medicine in his office cabinet and left it there untouched
until much later.

62 The second plaintiff who is a pharmacist as well as being the co-executor
of the deceased’s estate, testified that sometime after the family was alerted
to the Coroner’s finding of suicide, he asked Ms Siew Kim where the leftover
medication was. She then took it out of the cabinet and gave it to him. This
was in June 2013. No other medication belonging to the deceased was found
apart from this leftover medication which was tendered in court and marked as
exhibits P1, P2 and P3. These exhibits contained a total of 2,483 tablets and
this total confirmed that the deceased had consumed 61 tablets between his
discharge and his death. Such consumption was exactly in accordance with his
prescriptions. The plaintiffs submitted that the deceased had more than 2,500
tablets in his possession on 2 August 2012, and if he had intended to kill
himself he would have taken all this medication to Everitt Road and consumed
as much as he wished to achieve that result. They said that it was evident
from the leftover medication that the deceased had not done that.

63 The plaintiffs tabulated the prescribed medicines according to: (a) their
batch numbers; (b) the date of manufacture; and (c) the expiry date. They then
adduced evidence from the treating doctors. Dr Ang’s evidence was that he had
matched the batch numbers and the expiry dates of his stock records with those
recorded for exhibits P2 and P3 and was able to confirm that the medication in
these two exhibits had been prescribed by him and dispensed by his clinic. Dr
Yeo testified that he did not possess the details of the batch numbers and the
expiry dates but was sure, with a fair degree of certainty, that the drugs
contained in exhibit P1 came from his clinic. In any event, Dr Yeo’s medicines
were not those which the second defendant was taking issue with since the
levels of these drugs found in the deceased’s system were not elevated.

64 There are two points here: the deceased’s systematic behaviour and the
inferences to be drawn from the amount of medication which the plaintiffs
produced in court.

65 Dealing with the first point, the evidence about the deceased’s behaviour
is not as clear as the plaintiffs submit. This evidence is dependent on the
reliability of Ms Siew Kim’s statement that the deceased was systematic and
packed only the medicines he needed for one night into his Ziploc bag.
However, under cross-examination, she confirmed that she did not know exactly
what medicines the deceased had packed. Her observation was restricted to
seeing him take out some tablets from their packaging and putting them into
the Ziploc bag. So she could not say whether the deceased took only one
night’s dose of each medication or even that he had taken out all the types of
drugs that he had been prescribed.

66 Further doubt on the accuracy of Ms Siew Kim’s observation is cast by the
post-mortem results. According to the HSA Report of 19 September 2012, the
following drugs were detected in the deceased’s system – in his blood, his
bile, his urine and/or the contents of his stomach:

(i) bromazepam;

(ii) duloxetine;

(iii) hydromorphone;

(iv) midazolam;

(v) mirtazapine;

(vi) olanzapine;

(vii) oxycodone;

(viii) paracetamol;

(ix) quetiapine;

(x) zolpidem; and

(xi) lignocaine.

In fact, most of the drugs named above were found in all four sources from
which samples were taken. However, paracetamol was found only in the blood and
stomach, and lignocaine (which is an anaesthetic usually applied in gel form)
was found only in the urine. There was no trace in any of these samples of
pregabalin (Lyrica) a pain medication prescribed by Dr Yeo. The deceased was
supposed to take two tablets (150mg/tab) of pregabalin twice a day. Nor was
there any trace of his anti-cholesterol medicine, atorvastatin (Lipitor),
which he was to take every night. It should also be noted that paracetamol was
not one of his prescribed medicines and therefore would not have been in the
Ziploc bag if he had put in only the medicines from Dr Ang and Dr Yeo as Ms
Siew Kim testified.

67 From the HSA Report therefore, it would appear that the deceased did not
take all his prescribed medicines the night before he died. Further, he took
medicine which he was not prescribed and which was intended to serve the same
purpose as the prescribed medication. Having regard to the strong painkillers
that the deceased had been given by his doctors, it is a little odd that he
also consumed paracetamol. The conclusion that I draw from the HSA Report is
that the deceased was not as systematic about taking his medication as the
plaintiffs would have me believe. If he had taken all prescribed medicines and
those only, pregabalin and atorvastatin would have been found in his system
and paracetamol would not have been detected. This conclusion is further
fortified by the matters I discuss in [71] below.

68 The next issue is whether the packets of medicine produced in court were
indeed the only medications that the deceased had in his possession on the
night that he died. In my mind, there is considerable doubt that P1, P2 and P3
were the only medicines in the deceased’s possession immediately prior to his
death.

69 First, the medicines adduced in court were all in blister strips or similar
packaging, neatly packed in plastic bags with different bags for different
medicines. They were organised, well labelled, and looked practically
untouched. Insp He, however, testified that the medicines that he had been
given by the Quek family were given to him in dribs and drabs and were quite
messy, quite unlike the neat packets in court. There was no proper labelling
or identification. He said also that he returned all medicines given to him to
the Quek family. However, there was no medication in court that looked like
anything that could have been given to Insp He.

70 Secondly, according to the “Finalised Cause of Death” document dated 28
September 2012 issued by the HSA, prior to the autopsy, 11 types of medication
obtained from Mr Quek’s family were shown to its officers by the police. These
medications were largely the same as those listed in [66] above. The
differences were that two of the drugs handed over, viz, rabeprazole-Na and
desvenlafaxine (Pristiq), were not on the list, and paracetamol and lignocaine
were on the list but not handed over. Further, pregabalin was neither handed
over nor on the list. The significance of these differences is as follows.
First, desvenlafaxine was a drug which Dr Ang had prescribed for Mr Quek in
February 2012. At that time, Dr Ang gave Mr Quek three months’ supply.
Although this medication was replaced with duloxetine a month later, obviously
Mr Quek retained unconsumed desvenlafaxine tablets in his possession as
otherwise the police would not have had any. This raises the possibility that
indeed Mr Quek had more medication of various types with him than the batches
dispensed on his discharge from hospital in July 2012. The next important
point is that no diazepam or pregabalin was given to the police although both
were produced in court later. This indicates that not all Mr Quek’s medication
was handed to the police and that what was given to the police (as seen also
from the presence of desvenlafaxine) perhaps came from a different source from
the contents of P1, P2 and P3.

71 Thirdly, Dr Ang testified that it was not uncommon for the deceased to have
leftover medication from previous prescriptions. Some of the medicines
prescribed were optional, to be taken when necessary. The hypnotic drugs
midazolam, zolpidem and diazepam fell into this category. Dr Ang stated that
in February 2012 he had given the deceased three months’ supply of diazepam
but in May 2012 the deceased had not asked for a refill, probably because he
had accumulated an excess of the tablets. The situation with duloxetine was
similar. Dr Ang noted that he had first prescribed duloxetine in March 2012
but that when he re-filled the other prescriptions in May 2012, the deceased
had not asked for more duloxetine. He thought that the deceased still had a
supply of that medicine because he had been prescribed enough for two doses a
day but sometimes would take only one dose of the medicine a day. Dr Ang had
in fact instructed the deceased that he should measure his mood daily and
assess his need for duloxetine accordingly – if the mood was good, he could
take the medicine once a day instead of twice. Dr Ang also testified that the
deceased sometimes told him expressly what refills of medicine he needed and
what he did not need because he still had supplies. It should be noted that Dr
Ang emphasised that the deceased knew exactly what medication to take and was
a responsible person and was therefore aware of which medications he could
omit or juggle the doses of.

72 Fourthly, there are also some questions about the veracity of Ms Siew Kim’s
evidence that the only medication belonging to the deceased that had been
found after his death was that adduced in court in exhibits P1, P2 and P3. She
had cleaned the deceased’s bedroom after he was taken to hospital and told the
court she found no medicine in it but only an empty Ziploc bag. Ms Siew Kim
also testified that shortly after the deceased’s death she found his remaining
medicine in his office cabinet but left it there untouched until the second
plaintiff asked her about it almost a year later, in about June 2013. This was
despite the fact that she had cleared up all the deceased’s other personal
belongings and kept them together in one room in the Joo Chiat house. At the
time she discovered the drugs it did not cross Ms Siew Kim’s mind to tell the
police about the medicines that she had found. She said that this was because
nobody asked for them. This cannot have been true as the police, in the person
of Insp He, did ask for samples of the medicines and did obtain the same from
a family member.

73 Further, in February 2014, Ms Siew Kim made a lengthy statutory declaration
in order, according to para 3 of the same, “to provide some information of the
circumstances surrounding [the deceased’s] sudden death on or around 3 [sic]
August 2012 and his prescribed medicine that was left behind”. In para 17 of
the declaration, she stated that she had personally seen the deceased place
his nightly prescribed dosage of medicine into a Ziploc bag on 3 August 2012.
The balance of his medication was left behind in his office cabinet at the Joo
Chiat house. She went on to say in para 18 that “no other medication, bottles
and/or packets of the same were found at [the Everitt Road house] and/or [the
Joo Chiat house]”. She also said in para 20 that she “personally” counted the
number of pills that remained at the Joo Chiat house and from this it was
evident that the deceased had consumed his prescribed medication in strict
accordance with the prescribed daily dosage. No more than four days equivalent
of any one medicine was consumed which was consistent with the number of days
since the deceased’s discharge from hospital.

74 In para 22, Ms Siew Kim said that she understood from her sister, the first
plaintiff, that in August 2012, the first plaintiff had informed the police
that Ms Siew Kim had thrown away all of the deceased’s medicine after cleaning
up his room in Everitt Road. In para 23, Ms Siew Kim stated that what the
first plaintiff had told the police was inaccurate and in August 2012, the
first plaintiff was unaware that the deceased had left all the medicine in Joo
Chiat house and had only taken his nightly dose along to Everitt Road when he
returned there on 3 August 2012. It was only “recently” (meaning, I suppose,
about the time the statutory declaration was made) that the first plaintiff
had asked about the medication and Ms Siew Kim had informed her that the
remaining medication was intact and kept in the Joo Chiat house.

75 There are a number of points to be made about the statutory declaration.
First, it is unclear why it was made at all since there was no legal reason
for it at the time or any identifiable trigger. This action was not started
until some five months later, nor was the existence of the declaration a
prerequisite for the commencement of the action. When Ms Siew Kim was asked
why she had made it, she was unable to give a coherent explanation though she
insisted that it was her own idea to make such a statement.

76 Secondly, her evidence in court differed in some respects from her
statutory declaration. She had stated in the declaration that she counted all
the medicine personally but in court her position was that the counting was
done by the second plaintiff.

77 Thirdly, the statement that the first plaintiff made to the police about
the medication that Ms Siew Kim refuted was a statement that the drugs had
been thrown away by Ms Siew Kim after she cleaned up the deceased’s room in
Everitt Road. Ms Siew Kim’s evidence in court (and also in the statutory
declaration) was that there was no medication at all in Everitt Road when she
went there on the morning of 4 August 2012, and all that she could find was an
empty Ziploc bag. In court, she said she found one bag, though in the
declaration she stated that she had found two empty Ziploc bags. The
plaintiffs’ position during the action was that there were no drugs found at
the scene and that was one reason why it was unlikely that the deceased had
taken an overdose. That position could not have been maintained if in fact Ms
Siew Kim had thrown away medication found in Everitt Road. It was therefore
important to the plaintiffs’ case to correct the first plaintiff’s statement.
However, the first plaintiff herself did not testify and explain why she had
made an allegedly incorrect statement to the police. Instead, it was Ms Siew
Kim who made a statutory declaration explaining the first plaintiff’s mistake
and who came to court to stand by that explanation.

78 There was no reason given as to why the first plaintiff did not take the
stand. I find her reluctance to testify and be cross-examined troubling. At
the time of the deceased’s death, the first plaintiff was also living in the
Joo Chiat house and she could have given evidence on his daily routine and
what she knew about his medication and where it was kept and his physical and
mental condition at the time. She could have helped identify the family member
who gave samples of the deceased’s medicine to the police and, perhaps,
assisted the court on what had been done with these medicines on their return.
She was able to give a statement to Insp He about various matters a few weeks
after the death. There could be no doubt about the relevance of the first
plaintiff’s knowledge had she chosen to testify.

79 The evidence of the second plaintiff was that several months after the
deceased’s death Ms Siew Kim informed him that there was a large amount of the
deceased’s remaining medication in his office. The second plaintiff then
counted the remaining medication in the presence of the first plaintiff. He
stated that based on the tablets that he had counted it was evident that no
more than four days’ equivalent of any one medicine was consumed. This showed
that the deceased had consumed his prescribed medication in accordance with
the prescribed frequency and quantity over the four days from his discharge
from hospital.

80 The medications produced in P1, P2 and P3 were those counted by the second
plaintiff. It is common ground that the blister strips produced indicate the
consumption of only four days’ worth of medicine. However, no one is able to
confirm that the four days’ worth of tablets were removed from the blister
strips by the deceased himself before his death or by someone else at some
other time. If all the medication had been produced to the police shortly
after 4 August 2012, there would have been a better opportunity to ascertain
what indeed had been consumed by the deceased. Yet, although Ms Siew Kim knew
about the medicine in the office cabinet all along, no one asked her to hand
over the medication until June 2013, a time when the second plaintiff was
actively seeking evidence to dispute the Coroner’s verdict of suicide.

Whether the evidence from the scene of death points to it being accidental

81 The plaintiffs submitted that nothing was seized from the site of the
accident. There was no real evidence such as empty phials or empty bottles
found in the deceased’s room to point to a deliberate overdose. The paramedics
who attended to him did not find anything unusual and indicated the type of
incident as “Cardiovascular System” rather than “Poisoning/Drug Overdose”. The
police did not deem it necessary to attend at the scene of the accident either
on 4 August 2012 or thereafter. Their main concern was to view the body at the
hospital.

82 The plaintiffs argue that the circumstances of the deceased’s death pointed
to it being accidental. He was found lying on the floor face-down between his
bed and the bathroom, with vomit in his mouth and on the floor. Their expert
psychiatric witness, Dr Rasaiah Munidasa Winslow (“Dr Winslow”), testified
that it would be reasonable to draw the inference that the deceased
unexpectedly felt nauseous and was heading to the bathroom to throw up when he
collapsed. This was to be contrasted with the behaviour of a person who was
intending to kill himself – such a person would usually lie on the bed and
take an overdose. Furthermore, the autopsy showed that the deceased had
followed his doctors’ instructions by taking his medication after food as
prescribed.

83 To me, the physical evidence is neutral. The alleged absence of any unused
drugs or phials at the scene is based on Ms Siew Kim’s evidence and I have
already indicated the difficulties with that. The paramedics were not called
to explain why they classified the death as “Cardiovascular System”. The
plaintiffs’ argument that the position in which the body of the deceased was
found excludes the possibility of suicide is speculative. It cannot be
established whether the deceased was heading to the bathroom or had come back
from the bathroom when he collapsed. As far as what Dr Winslow stated is
concerned, when he was cross-examined on the point he agreed that even if the
deceased had intended to kill himself and had overdosed, he might still have
been trying to get rid of his vomit. This would be just like someone who wants
to drown himself but still struggles in the water.

Whether circumstances were going well in the deceased’s life and he had made
plans for the future

84 The plaintiffs submit that all was well in the deceased’s life at the time
of his death, as shown by the following:

(a) the deceased’s pain was well managed and he had also made numerous plans
for the future;

(b) a few months before his death, the deceased had decided to move into
Everitt Road in order to eliminate the risks of recurrent falls in the Joo
Chiat house, and just two days before his death, the deceased carried out this
move;

(c) the deceased was in high spirits and excited by his move to the newly
renovated Everitt Road house which he had personally decorated with expensive
and handpicked antique furniture;

(d) he had invested a significant amount of time, money and effort to
refurbish the Everitt Road house in preparation for this move;

(e) in mid-July 2012, the deceased had purchased two used luxury cars, a
Mercedes Benz 500 and a Volkswagen Tiguan;

(f) the legal suit was progressing smoothly and was close to being settled;
and

(g) on the night of 3 August 2012, the deceased had a light-hearted
conversation with one of the tenants in Everitt Road and also acted in a
fashion that indicated that he planned to continue with his life for example
by tending to his potted plants and moving a cupboard into his bedroom.

85 On a consideration of the evidence, it appears to me that although there
were pointers indicating positive features in the deceased’s life at the
material time, overall, the situation was more equivocal than the plaintiffs
acknowledge.

86 The purchase of the second-hand cars in July 2012, whilst the deceased was
still spending his nights in hospital, is an indication of his plans for the
future at that time. I recognise the significance of the fact that the
deceased had never previously owned a motor-vehicle. It was obviously a major
step for him to buy a Mercedes Benz, albeit second-hand, for himself. However,
Ms Siew Kim did also say that one of the deceased’s intentions in purchasing
the car was to allow their elder brother to have an opportunity to drive a
luxurious car. The second vehicle was not as significant a purchase in my view
since the evidence was that the deceased bought it for the use of one of his
nephews, Ker Han Hwee.

87 The situation regarding the deceased’s move into Everitt Road is more
difficult to assess. Dr Yeo had been advising the deceased for more than two
years to move into one-story accommodation. He did not take this advice. The
intended move to the Everitt Road house would have been a partial improvement
in that it was a newer building but the deceased’s intention was to live on
the second floor and therefore he would still have to navigate stairs. Also,
it is not clear whether this was a settled move. August 2012 was not the first
time the deceased slept over in Everitt Road. He had been doing so
occasionally for some time. Secondly, the evidence as to whether the work on
the Everitt Road house indicated firm future plans is somewhat equivocal. The
plaintiffs produced bills for furniture purchased and renovations contracted
for during the period from February to June 2012, but did not establish
exactly how much of the renovation work was carried out. Mdm Chee testified
that the only renovation work that she was aware of that was done in Everitt
Road was done prior to her moving into those premises. As Mdm Chee had lived
in Everitt Road for about five years before the deceased’s death, this would
mean that any renovations carried out in 2012 were too minor to attract her
notice. Further, while in 2012 the deceased did make and carry out plans to
make the second floor of Everitt Road a more suitable home for himself, these
plans were conceived in the earlier part of the year before the deceased’s
admission and their execution does not indicate the mood of the deceased in
July and August 2012.

88 It is more significant that in July 2012, Dr Yeo noted that the deceased
was “exceptionally distraught” prior to his admission. Further, although the
pain issues were contained early in July 2012, the deceased was not ready to
leave the hospital until the end of the month. Dr Yeo said that on 17 July
2012 the deceased still had stress from the family legal tussles and did not
feel ready to go home. He would change his mind each week. He would leave the
hospital and then come back in because he had decided that there were more
things to sort out and he needed time to do this. Dr Ang’s observation, as
late as 28 July 2012, was that whilst the deceased was rational, relevant and
functional in that he could concentrate on watching television and reading the
newspapers, his mood was not so good as he kept thinking about the court case
with his brother. Further, according to Dr Ang’s note at the time, the
deceased assessed his pain as “7 out of 10 (very painful)”. However, Dr Ang
was pleased that the deceased’s general and mental condition had seen a marked
improvement over the month and he was looking forward to being discharged.

89 The plaintiffs’ position that the legal suit was more or less settled by
early August 2012 was not supported by any concrete evidence. After being
repeatedly pressed on this issue in the witness stand, Ms Siew Kim confirmed
the settlement took place after the deceased’s death but she was unable or
unwilling to indicate an exact date.

90 Turning to the deceased’s state of mind on the night of 3 August 2012, the
plaintiffs rely on the evidence of Mdm Chee and some video footage taken by
the CCTV camera at Everitt Road.

91 As stated earlier, Mdm Chee testified that the deceased was in a good mood
that night and she had a light-hearted conversation with him. Upon further
examination however, it appeared that Mdm Chee knew very little about Mr Quek:
she did not know about his medical condition or that he was on heavy
medication. Mr Quek never looked sad or depressed to her and he had never told
her about such feelings or confided any of his problems in her. She was not
aware of his dispute with his brother. Her relationship with him was obviously
superficial only as he kept up his face with her as her landlord. Further, Mdm
Chee was another person who made a statutory declaration in relation to the
circumstances of the deceased’s death. She had done this after the first
plaintiff told her about the Coroner’s verdict of suicide and, she insisted,
had done it of her own accord because she felt it was impossible that Mr Quek
committed suicide since all along he had been such a jovial person. Given the
fact that Mr Quek had suffered numerous bouts of depression over the preceding
three years, it is clear that Mdm Chee’s knowledge of him was partial and does
not give a full picture of the deceased.

92 From Insp He’s report, it appeared that LL was the last person to see Mr
Quek on the night before his death. He also found the deceased the next
morning, having been alerted by his girlfriend that something was wrong. LL
obviously knew the deceased much better than Mdm Chee. He was able to give a
statement to the police but was not called to testify in this action. His
evidence would have been useful to establish the deceased’s mood that night
and his mood and behaviour more generally. Yet, the plaintiffs did not call
him and preferred to adduce the evidence of someone who knew very little about
the deceased.

93 The CCTV footage that the plaintiffs presented showed Mr Quek moving freely
in the Everitt Road house. Dr Yeo was shown the footage and commented that
from his movements it appeared that Mr Quek was pain-free at the time. The
footage also showed Mr Quek bending his spine and standing and helping to move
a heavy cupboard into his room. Dr Yeo commented that these activities were
against medical advice and would lead to further pain for Mr Quek, and that
one of the reasons that he suffered so badly from pain was that he did not
take proper care of himself. The video footage does support the plaintiffs’
position that that evening the deceased was in a good mood and apparently
pain-free. However, only 38 minutes of footage were disclosed. The rest of the
footage for that evening had apparently been deleted. The plaintiffs’ reason
was that it was unnecessary as it showed nothing significant and, in any case,
the footage had only been kept as a memorial of Mr Quek. Be that as it may,
the video-feed would have been more useful to the plaintiffs had it not been
edited so that no doubts could be raised about what the missing footage
showed.

94 I was perturbed by various matters, including the failure of the first
plaintiff and LL to give evidence and the apparently “spontaneous” statutory
declarations. Overall, I gained the strong impression that the plaintiffs had
organised their case in a particular way and had considered very carefully the
evidence that they would present to the court. I found them less than fully
forthcoming.

Whether the deceased had a suicidal ideation

95 Dr Ang’s evidence was that whilst the deceased’s condition was moderately
severe, he had no suicidal tendency or ideation and had never mentioned
wanting to end his life or displayed any suicidal behaviour. In Dr Ang’s
opinion, the deceased suffered from reactive depression. The depression was a
reaction to his back pain and consequent inability to manage his affairs. When
the pain was reduced, the depression was also alleviated and his mood
improved. In 2010, when Mr Quek was hospitalised he was in a lot of pain and
would lie in bed the whole day without wanting to talk or watch television or
even sit up. However, when his pain responded to treatment, he would be up and
about. In July 2012, the deceased was outside the hospital most of the time on
home leave, and when Dr Ang saw him in hospital in the evenings his mood would
be good. Dr Ang also had a telephone conversation with the deceased on 31 July
2012 during which the deceased said that he did not need to meet Dr Ang
personally as everything was fine as far as he was concerned.

96 The plaintiffs called Dr Winslow to give evidence as an independent
psychiatric expert. Dr Winslow’s opinion was that the deceased did not
intentionally overdose on the medication prescribed by Dr Ang and Dr Yeo. In
coming to this conclusion, he had considered:

(a) the fact that the remaining quantity of medication left at home was
consistent with the number of days from 31 July to 3 August 2012 that Mr Quek
consumed the prescribed medication;

(b) the treating doctors, Dr Ang and Dr Yeo, had confirmed that he was
recovering well both during hospitalisation and upon discharge;

(c) Dr Ang’s opinion that Mr Quek was not suicidal when last assessed about a
week before his demise;

(d) a review of the statements of family members and a tenant who all
confirmed that they did not notice any suicidal ideation or behaviour in Mr
Quek; and

(e) Mr Quek did not exhibit the usual telling signs of a man who was likely to
commit suicide.

97 As far as item (a) above is concerned, Dr Winslow did not have the benefit
of the information that emerged in court on previous medication that was in
the deceased’s possession. In relation to item (d), he did not interview these
persons himself and was not able to tell that the tenant’s acquaintance with
the deceased was superficial. Also, he did not see the statements that other
family members had given to the police which showed the deceased in a somewhat
different light. In court, Dr Winslow was shown the video footage of the
deceased and he thought that the fact that the deceased was looking after his
plants in the video coupled with the moving of furniture into his bedroom was
a positive sign. He agreed that the deceased’s psychiatric condition was
moderately severe or severe based on the amount of medication he had been
prescribed. In Dr Winslow’s view, the doses were very high.

98 The defendants also called a psychiatric expert, Dr Tommy Tan Kay Seng (“Dr
Tan”). He gave an opinion which he premised on the fact that there were high
and toxic levels of drugs found in the deceased’s body during the post-mortem.
As the levels were several times the therapeutic range, it was unlikely that
the overdose was accidental. I note that had this not been the case, Dr Tan’s
ultimate opinion would have been different. On the basis of the medical
evidence gleaned from Dr Ang’s affidavit of evidence in chief, Dr Tan
diagnosed Mr Quek to have had a major depressive disorder which was at least
moderately severe and must have been difficult to treat because of the number
and relatively high doses of medicines prescribed by Dr Ang. Taking into
account facts that indicated that the deceased could have committed suicide
and those that indicated that he could not have committed suicide, Dr Tan was
of the view that the possibility that the deceased had committed suicide could
not be confidently excluded. He also relied on a study which showed that
individuals were at high risk of suicide following discharge from psychiatric
in-patient care, known as the Bickley study. According to Bickley, 55% of
patients discharged from psychiatric in-patient care commit suicide within a
week.

99 Dr Ang opined that the Bickley study, and another one called the Hunt study
which came to similar conclusions, did not apply because the deceased was not
a psychiatric patient. However, both Dr Winslow and Dr Tan disagreed with his
definition of the deceased as a non-psychiatric patient. They pointed out that
he had a major depressive disorder for which he was being treated with
medication. So that made him a psychiatric patient.

100 Overall, the psychiatric evidence tended to support the plaintiffs’ case
rather than the defendants’. This was because the deceased had never expressed
any suicidal intentions and also because he seemed well when he left hospital
in July 2012. However, the doctors were aware of cases, admittedly rare, where
persons who had not displayed any suicidal ideation had in fact killed
themselves. Further, the pattern established by the deceased in the three or
so years preceding his death was that of treatment in hospital for pain and
depression resulting in some alleviation of pain and depression followed by
recurring pain and depression when the deceased was back home and dealing with
the stresses and physical demands of his daily life. These demands and
stresses were exacerbated by the deceased’s reluctance to confide in others
and his lack of care for his body.

Whether the medical evidence indicates that the deceased died from an overdose

Whether the deceased’s normal doses of medicine could have killed him

101 The plaintiffs accept that the deceased was a poly-drug user who was
prescribed 14 different drugs by his treating doctors. Their case is that the
interactions of these drugs at the normal levels at which the deceased
consumed them daily could have killed him by provoking an adverse reaction.
The question is how likely such a possibility is.

102 A number of experts testified on the possible consequences of drug
consumption. The plaintiffs called a forensic scientist, Dr Michael Tay Ming
Kiong (“Dr Tay”) to testify as to how the deceased could have died from
consuming the prescribed doses of medicine. Dr Tay has a Diplome de Docteures
Sciences and is a scientist rather than a medical doctor. He worked for many
years for the HSA. The defendant’s expert was Dr Phua Dong Haur, a senior
consultant in Emergency Medicine and Clinical Toxicology at the Emergency
Department of Tan Tock Seng Hospital. I also had the assistance of Prof Teo
who had supervised the HSA autopsy of the deceased.

103 The background against which I should consider this issue is set out
neatly in para 11 of Dr Tay’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief. The matters
stated there were accepted by all the experts. Dr Tay advised that whenever
two or more drugs are being consumed there is a possibility of an interaction
among the drugs. Although each drug on its own may be safe and effective,
interaction of co-administered drugs may increase or decrease the
effectiveness or side effects of the drugs. Specifically, potential
interactions can exist between duloxetine and mirtazapine, and between
duloxetine and oxycodone, and in some severe cases such interactions may
result in coma or even death. Further, as Prof Teo noted in his “Final Cause
of Death Report”:

… all the drugs detected as stated in the toxicology report, except for
paracetamol, can cause drowsiness and doziness. Combined use of these drugs,
some of which were at elevated levels, could possibly lead to respiratory
depression, leading eventually to heart failure and death.

I should point out that Prof Teo’s observation was made in the context of the
autopsy findings which he considered showed elevated levels of drugs in the
deceased’s system. The plaintiffs do not accept that the autopsy findings
indicate that the deceased consumed an overdose and this is an issue which I
will discuss in the next section.

104 The plaintiffs base their submission that the deceased’s death was caused
by consumption of drugs in accordance with his prescription on the following:

(a) The evidence of the psychiatric experts that the deceased was on “high
doses” of his psychiatric medicines which were at the “high end of the
therapeutic level”.

(b) For at least 11 days prior to admission to hospital, the deceased was
concurrently prescribed a combined total of 150mg of duloxetine by Dr Ang
(90mg) and Dr Yeo (60mg), and it is possible that he was maintained on such
high and dangerous doses of duloxetine (the safe limit being 120mg) (I note
here that such maintenance does not appear from the July 2012 prescriptions
themselves).

(c) Dr Tay set out a number of drug interactions which could cause serious
side effects, including between bromazepam and other hyponotic and anti-
depressant drugs, between duloxetine and mirtazapine and between midazolam and
olanzapine, which Dr Phua agreed with.

(d) Dr Phua agreed with the medical sequence of events that led to the
deceased’s demise specifically that the drugs caused respiratory depression
which led to haemorrhaging in the lungs and ultimately death. He also reported
that, other than duloxetine and paracetamol, all the drugs detected in the
deceased’s system could lead to drowsiness, sedation and, in severe cases,
central nervous system depression.

(e) Dr Teo testified that drugs administered at therapeutic levels could cause
death by reason of idiosyncratic side effects, eg, an allergic reaction.

(f) Dr Tay stated that the chronic use of drugs could have a cumulative effect
leading to an augmented adverse reaction and this would be especially so when
the patient was taking drugs which belonged to the same group (such as anti-
psychotics and benzodiazepines), which would have resulted in additive and
synergistic effects.

105 There are difficulties in the plaintiffs’ case. Whilst the possibility of
adverse reactions arising from the drugs prescribed to the deceased cannot be
denied, the issue is whether in the circumstances of this case such a
possibility was likely or was remote.

106 Dr Phua’s evidence was that an adverse reaction to drugs taken in
therapeutic doses arises when the body fails to metabolise or excrete these
drugs properly and not when the drugs remain at therapeutic levels in the
blood. He said that if a patient was well maintained on chronic medication for
a period of time and subsequently an adverse reaction is suffered, there must
be something else that had happened to cause the acute reaction. It would not
arise simply from the consumption of the usual dosage. According to him, there
are three possible causes of an adverse reaction in someone who was well
maintained on chronic medication, namely, (i) an inability to excrete or
metabolise the medication because of a sudden failure of the kidneys or liver;
(ii) a sudden change in medication or in dosage; and (iii) the body suffering
a severe metabolic stress such that it could not cope with the usual
medication (examples of such stress being major surgery, severe infection and
a heart attack). None of these causes applied to the deceased. The forensic
evidence of the autopsy was that his kidneys and liver were normal. Further,
no sign of kidney or liver dysfunction was observed while the deceased was in
hospital in July 2012. Dr Yeo’s evidence was that from detailed tests carried
out on the deceased there were no signs of him having suffered from any liver
or kidney problem. In relation to the second point, there is no evidence of
severe metabolic stress prior to death and, thirdly, the plaintiffs’ case is
that there was no change in medication or dosage and only the usual
medications were consumed by the deceased.

107 Apart from Dr Phua’s testimony, two other doctors agreed that where a
patient has been on chronic medication the likelihood of an adverse reaction
occurring is minimal as the patient builds up tolerance. These were Dr Ang and
Dr Yeo who were the treating doctors. Dr Ang said that a person on chronic
medication gets used to the medication over a period of time and the
possibility of adverse reaction is reduced, and Dr Yeo said that the same
thing applied to his pain medications and that the increased tolerance to them
would reduce any side effects.

108 The doctors’ testimony also supports the proposition that if an adverse
reaction is to occur from the consumption of a drug, that adverse reaction
will manifest itself swiftly and in all likelihood within two weeks of
consumption at the latest. Dr Phua explained that because of the half-lives of
drugs, the longest taking about 8½ days to be eliminated from the body, the
latest that an adverse reaction could take place would be two weeks from
consumption. Dr Ang’s evidence is that adverse reaction to a drug can be
immediate or delayed. To him “immediate” means within 24 hours and “delayed”
means within a few days to up to two weeks.

109 In the case of the deceased, he had been on cocktails of medication for
years preceding his death. Even though duloxetine was a recent introduction,
he first started consuming it in March 2012, which means that by August 2012
he had taken that medicine for more than five months. I consider that on the
evidence before me, any reaction to the addition of duloxetine to his usual
medication would therefore have manifested itself at the very latest by end
March 2012. Yet, there was no record in the medical records of this much-
treated man that he had displayed any adverse reaction to duloxetine or any
other drug whether taken singly or in combination according to prescription.

110 The medical evidence also was that generally, if there is a side effect
from taking any particular medication or combination thereof, initially more
minor reactions would manifest rather than the patient dropping dead
immediately. According to Dr Phua, if the duloxetine level in the blood builds
up because of enzyme inhibition, the patient may start to complain of tremors
or dizziness. If the olanzapine is building up, he will start to complain of
dry mouth or inability to urinate.

111 I have taken note of Dr Winslow’s testimony that he was aware of a
coroner’s case involving a young female patient who suffered a collapse from
cardiac arrest in 2011, shortly after taking therapeutic amounts of prescribed
anti-depressants and anti-psychotics. Dr Winslow noted that each medication
was given in therapeutic doses but it was the combination of medications that
provoked side effects leading to cardiac arrest. The plaintiffs rely on this
testimony to bolster their argument. However, it was also Dr Winslow’s
testimony that the fatal reaction of the female patient to the medication was
a reaction to amitriptyline and chlorpromazine which were first generation
medications whilst those given to the deceased were newer and safer. That was
also a case where the adverse reaction occurred shortly after consumption. It
was not a case where the unfortunate patient had been taking the medication
for months. It is thus difficult to place much weight on the case cited by Dr
Winslow.

112 In the case of the deceased, Dr Ang testified that in prescribing the
various drugs dispensed, he took into account all the doses that the deceased
had taken previously and also the possibility of adverse reactions. In his
view, his prescription on 31 July 2012 would not have caused an adverse
reaction in the deceased if the medicines were taken in the prescribed doses.

113 Dr Tay suggested that the deceased might have had an adverse reaction to
his normal drugs. This seems to me to be textbook evidence. Dr Tay is not a
physician and therefore had no experience as to the manner in which adverse
actions would manifest themselves. In this regard, I prefer Dr Phua’s evidence
that generally more minor adverse reactions would manifest themselves first
and that in any case all such reactions would be observed within two weeks at
the latest.

114 It is also significant that the deceased’s treating physicians were of the
opinion that he could not have died from consuming his medication strictly in
accordance with his prescriptions. Dr Yeo testified that he had absolutely no
concern that the drugs prescribed to the deceased could have caused his death.
There was no evidence of an adverse effect of the drugs on the deceased. One
of the reasons for keeping the deceased in hospital was to observe him and
ensure that the treatments given did not harm him. According to Dr Yeo, his
contemporaneous observations indicated that the deceased improved during the
hospital stay and there was no reason to be concerned about the medication.
His medication had been titrated and adjusted based on need and the absence of
side effects. Dr Yeo noted that the drugs prescribed, if given to a new
patient in such dosages, would certainly have knocked the person out. This did
not happen with the deceased, however, because of the titration process and Dr
Yeo was confident that while the deceased was under the care of himself and Dr
Ang, there was no concern that, at the prescribed doses, his drugs would cause
him harm.

115 Dr Ang did not think it was possible at all that if the deceased consumed
the drugs according to Dr Ang’s prescription, such consumption would lead to
death. I note that both Dr Winslow and Dr Tan considered the dosages of
psychiatric medication prescribed for the deceased to be on the very high
side. They themselves would be more conservative in prescribing such medicines
and would prescribe one drug at one time rather than a combination as Dr Ang
did. They observed, however, that Dr Ang’s prescription practices are quite
commonly adopted in the United States. Significantly, they did not suggest
that the prescriptions given were beyond the therapeutic range but accepted
that the dosages fell within such range, albeit at the high end of the same.

116 Dr Ang was very confident in his prescription methodology. He told me that
he had had several patients for whom he had to prescribe such high dosages
because their condition required it. He also confirmed in answer to my
question that since the deceased’s death and since the Coroner’s Report was
released, he had not changed his prescription practices in any way and was
still as comfortable prescribing those medications he had prescribed to the
deceased in those combinations as he had been doing before the death of the
deceased.

117 On a consideration of the evidence relating to this aspect, I find that on
the balance of probabilities the consumption by the deceased of his
medications in the prescribed doses would not have created the adverse
reactions that resulted in his death.

Whether the deceased consumed an overdose of his medication

118 As would be recalled from para 35 above, the analysis carried out by the
HSA of the deceased’s blood showed that elevated levels of four drugs were
found in his system. The four drugs concerned were bromazepam (1½ to 2 times
higher than the therapeutic limit); duloxetine (10 to 11 times higher);
mirtazapine (2 to 3 times higher) and olanzapine (20 times higher). This
analysis forms the scientific basis for the conclusion that the deceased must
have consumed an overdose of these drugs. The plaintiffs say that this would
be the wrong conclusion because the likelihood is that the post-mortem levels
of the drugs detected in the deceased’s blood were not the result of over-
consumption but were raised by a natural process that occurs after death known
as “Post-mortem redistribution” (“PMR”) or by drug interactions leading to an
inhibition of metabolism of drugs or impairment of the ability to eliminate
drugs or by a combination of both PMR and drug interactions.

119 The plaintiffs relied on the evidence of Prof Teo that post-mortem levels
of drugs in the blood may be truly elevated due to the amount consumed or
spuriously elevated due to other causes. The main cause of spurious elevation
would be PMR. Another cause of spurious elevation would be that although the
drug was consumed in a normal or slightly higher than normal dose, it was not
eliminated from the body and therefore accumulated in the system. The main
reason that drugs would not be eliminated would be failure of the liver or the
kidneys.

120 Dealing first with spurious elevation caused by the body’s inability to
excrete drugs, I have already noted that no medical evidence of malfunctioning
of the deceased’s liver or kidneys was produced. The autopsy showed that the
liver and kidneys were normal and although Prof Teo stated that such normality
was only a superficial appearance and did not indicate how these organs had
actually functioned whilst the deceased was alive, the very fact that they
appeared normal would be an indication that there was no advanced kidney or
liver disease. As for the actual functioning of the organs, I repeat that the
evidence of the treating doctors was that there was no clinical sign that
these organs were not working properly. Thus, the hypothesis that the elevated
drug levels found in the deceased were due to an accumulation of drugs that
had not been excreted over a period of time has, in my opinion, little
traction.

121 The PMR issue is more complicated. PMR is the redistribution of chemicals
between tissues, organs and bodily fluids after death. This process takes
place from the time of death onwards and the rate at which it occurs depends
on the conditions in which the body is kept, in particular the ambient
temperature. Freezing of the body, in a mortuary for example, would slow down
the process considerably.

122 In the discussion that follows it should be borne in mind that the
therapeutic levels of drugs in the body are determined by ante-mortem analysis
of plasma. After death, drug levels are assessed from the blood. According to
the scientists, what is found in post-mortem blood is not exactly what would
have been found in an ante-mortem analysis of plasma and indeed there may be a
significant difference between the two. Dr Tay highlighted that significant
errors can result from trying to estimate ante-mortem concentrations and
dosage from post-mortem measurements. Dr Phua recognised this but asserted
that for lack of better data, ante-mortem serum drug level has to be used as a
guide to evaluate post-mortem blood results.

123 The plaintiffs submit that PMR had in this case given rise to spuriously
elevated drug levels in the body of the deceased. They point out that Dr Phua,
the second defendant’s expert, agreed that the longer a body is kept at
ambient temperatures from the time of death, the greater would be the impact
of PMR on the blood levels. In the case of the deceased, the exact time of
death was not known but he could have died as early as 2am on 4 August 2012.
His blood samples were collected on 5 August 2012 and therefore the time of
death could have been 32 hours before collection of the blood samples.

124 Dr Tay’s evidence was that the most significant effects of PMR occur
during the initial hours of death and he considered that the deceased’s body
would have been at an ambient temperature for several hours which would have
resulted in significant PMR by the time the body reached the mortuary after
11.40am on 4 August 2012. This was up to 10 hours after the deceased could
have been clinically dead.

125 The plaintiffs submit that the scientific studies relied on by Dr Phua
were not useful as they mostly dealt with ante-mortem serum samples. They
place most emphasis on a study compiled in Finland by Launiainen and Ojanperä
(the “Finnish Study”). This study was compiled from post-mortem data gained
from autopsy cases and was published in July 2013. According to the Finnish
Study, and as explained by Dr Tay, blood levels at the upper percentile
concentrations (ie, 90, 95 and 97.5 percentiles) are considered to be an
indication of overdose whereas the median post-mortem concentrations give an
idea of the “normal” post-mortem concentration range. Looking at the results
of the analysis of the deceased’s blood, Dr Tay concluded that since his blood
levels for duloxetine, olanzapine and mirtazapine did not even reach the 90th
percentile stated in the Finnish Study, they were not overdose levels. The
Finnish Study did not include any data on bromazepam. As such the deceased’s
blood levels do not, the plaintiffs submit, support a finding that the
deceased had taken an overdose of his prescribed medication.

126 Dr Phua considered that as the autopsy was conducted on 5 August 2012, it
was likely that blood samples had been taken within 24 hours of the deceased’s
death or could be regarded as such. Even if the deceased had died in the early
hours of the morning, the blood samples would have been taken within 32 hours
of death but a shorter period should be considered as the deceased’s body was
in the mortuary shortly after he was declared dead. The Finnish Study was
based on samples collected much later, on average five days after death. Dr
Phua stated in his report that not all drugs were affected at a similar rate
by PMR. Olanzapine levels remained stable in a series of 15 cases for up to an
average of 54 hours but increased by more than 100% after four days when
autopsies were delayed. On the other hand, mirtazapine levels increased by
147% by 74 hours in a series of 14 cases. In the deceased’s case therefore,
the blood samples were taken before significant PMR could have occurred for
olanzapine and mirtazapine. In his case, the drug level of olanzapine found
was, in Dr Phua’s opinion, about 6 to 24 times the therapeutic level, that of
duloxetine about 3 to 11 times, and that of mirtazapine 6 to 17 times.

127 Dr Phua stated that the current best practice is to minimise the PMR
effect by the use of peripheral blood in post-mortem toxicological analysis
and to collect the blood early. Both these practices were followed in the case
of the deceased as his toxicological analysis was performed on peripheral
blood collected during autopsy less than 24 hours from the time of death (the
time of death being that noted on the death certificate). I note this and also
note that even if the deceased had died at 2am on 4 August 2012, as the
plaintiffs theorise, but cannot prove, his body did not remain at ambient
temperatures for more than 10 hours thereafter.

128 The opinion of both Dr Teo and Dr Phua was that four drugs were found at
elevated levels in the deceased’s blood. This conclusion was supported by
reference to various scientific papers. The full names of these papers are
found in Dr Phua’s reports. I shall refer to them as the Baselt Study, the
Schulz Study and the Molina Handbook. The Baselt Study indicated that in
respect of bromazepam, the data was inconclusive as to whether it was affected
by PMR at all.

129 Dr Phua explained that data presented in the Schulz Study formed the most
current and comprehensive single source of data for nearly 1,000 drugs. It is
widely used and cited in the scientific community including by the Finnish
Study. In the Schulz Study, drug concentrations in post-mortem femoral blood
were compared with therapeutic concentration in plasma. On the basis of
Schulz’s findings, the levels of all four drugs were above therapeutic levels.
Using Schulz’s ranges, for olanzapine, the detected level of 0.47 (μg/ml) was
in the toxic to lethal range, 5.87 to 23.5 times above therapeutic range. For
duloxetine, the detected level of 0.33 (μg/ml) was in the toxic range, about
2.75 to 11 times above therapeutic range. For mirtazapine, the detected level
of 0.5 (μg/ml) was 6.25 to 16.7 times above therapeutic range. For bromazepam,
the detected level of 0.27 (μg/ml) was above therapeutic range.

130 Another set of reference ranges referred to by Dr Phua was that contained
in the Molina Handbook. The Molina Handbook lists reference ranges for drug
levels for therapeutic, toxic and lethal levels. Using the Molina Handbook
references, the levels of drugs found in the deceased’s blood were as follows:

(i) olanzapine – toxic to lethal range.

(ii) duloxetine – 4.1 to 14 times above therapeutic range.

(iii) mirtazapine – toxic to lethal range.

(iv) bromazepam – slightly above therapeutic range.

131 Dr Phua also noted that authors assembling compilations of drug samples
often try to use data relating to single drug ingestion. In the case of a
single drug being ingested, a much higher level of drug consumption will be
needed to lead to toxicity than in the case of multiple drugs being ingested.
In a series of suicide cases involving olanzapine, post-mortem olanzapine
levels ranged from 1.4 to 6.2 μg/ml in cases where only olanzapine had been
ingested but the levels were reduced to 0.16 to 0.76 μg/ml in cases where
multiple drugs had been ingested.

132 As far as the Finnish Study was concerned, Dr Phua did not find it very
useful because it did not contain any information with regards to overdose
levels. There is also no indication anywhere in the Finnish Study of any
position taken by the authors that it is only when drug levels are found at or
above the 90th percentile level that drug overdose should be considered.
Further, there is no way to tell from the data in the Finnish Study what the
drug levels were in victims of suicide, accidental overdose or other causes of
death as the Study did not distinguish between these causes. Additionally, it
is not clearly indicated whether death from drug toxicity was due to single
drug toxicity or multiple drug toxicity. The drug levels at the higher
percentiles in the data in the Finnish Study may have been cases of single
drug toxicity and therefore may not be comparable to the deceased’s case.

133 The second defendant submits that while the data in the other studies were
collated by referring to specific and individual cases where drug levels were
determined according to the known circumstances of their consumption (ie,
whether therapeutic or overdose), the Finnish Study was not based specifically
on individual data but on a relative comparison of a broad spectrum of cases.
This method of study has inherent weaknesses, including that of skewing of
data.

134 They note also that Dr Teo, who was called as the plaintiffs’ witness,
testified that the deceased’s olanzapine level of 0.47 μg/ml was the highest
that he had ever seen in his 20 years of practice as a pathologist. They
contend that this alone indicates that the deceased’s olanzapine level was
beyond therapeutic levels and in the fatal range. However, the olanzapine
levels in the Finnish Study have the mean level at 0.41 μg/ml, while the 90th
percentile is at 0.6 μg/ml. Therefore, when compared against the Finnish data,
the deceased’s olanzapine level appears to be just slightly above the mean
level and way below the overdose level as proposed by Dr Tay. This comparison
itself shows that the data in the Finnish Study are skewed and do not render a
just and accurate analysis of the drug levels. I find this argument
persuasive.

135 As for Prof Teo, the second defendant notes that he preferred to rely on
other studies, including Schulz and Baselt, rather than the Finnish Study. The
second defendant points out, and I accept, that Prof Teo was certain that the
levels of the four drugs were elevated in the deceased. He stated in evidence
that he had taken great care to be factual in his reports and all that he had
said was that the blood levels were elevated which was a fact. He averred that
compared to the literature that was available, the blood levels were elevated.
Prof Teo did not speculate on why the levels were elevated but he was
confident enough in his analysis to state the fact of elevation in his reports
to the coroner and others.

136 Having considered all the evidence, I am satisfied that, on a balance of
probabilities, the elevated levels of drugs found in the deceased’s blood were
truly reflective of his consumption of drugs and were not spurious elevations.
I find, therefore, that the deceased had consumed overdoses of at least
olanzapine, duloxetine and mirtazapine. The evidence in relation to bromazepam
is less clear cut but it is possible that he consumed a slightly higher dose
of that drug than he should have.

Conclusion

137 In concluding that the deceased overdosed, I am relying not only on the
scientific and medical evidence, but on the circumstances generally as
indicated in earlier paragraphs of this judgment. Notwithstanding that on the
night before his death the deceased did not display any signs of being
suicidal, he must have deliberately consumed excess medication.

138 As I have come to the conclusion that the deceased probably deliberately
consumed more medication than he should have, and that this was the cause of
his death, I cannot find his death to have been caused by an accident falling
within the policies. Accordingly, the plaintiffs’ claims herein must be
dismissed with costs.

Judith Prakash  
Judge

Melanie Ho, Chang Man Phing and Tang Shangwei  
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Lim Tong Chuan and Wee Tze Sing Joel (Tan Peng Chin LLC)  
for the defendants.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

