Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 229

Suit No 896 of 2014

(Summonses Nos 893 and 1045 of 2016)

Between

Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK  
---|---  
(2)| PT Humpuss Transportasi Kimia  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Striking out]

[Abuse of process]

[Conflict of laws] — [Foreign judgments] — [Recognition]

[Conflict of laws] — [Natural forum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)

  
v

  

PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another

[2016] SGHC 229

High Court — Suit No 896 of 2014 (Summonses Nos 893 and 1045 of 2016)  
Steven Chong J  
25 July 2016

18 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This is another attempt by the 1st and 2nd defendants to halt the action
commenced by the plaintiff’s present liquidators (“the liquidators”) in
Singapore to recover substantial inter-company loans in excess of US$100
million and to set aside various transfers of shares in related companies and
ships from the plaintiff and its subsidiaries to the 2nd defendant. The
previous attempt was an application to set aside the service of the writ in
Indonesia, which I dismissed – see Humpuss Sea Transport Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda Transportasi TBK and another
[2015] 4 SLR 625.

2 On this occasion, the defendants mounted two separate applications: one to
strike out the action and another to stay the action in favour of Indonesia. I
heard both applications together. At the end of the hearing, I found no merit
in the striking out application and dismissed it summarily. The striking out
application was based solely on the extended doctrine of res judicata. The
doctrine is a judicial expression of the need to prevent abuse of the court’s
process and is typically invoked to prevent a litigant from raising new points
and arguments which should have been raised in earlier proceedings. Here, the
1st and 2nd defendants sought to apply the doctrine on the premise that the
plaintiff’s causes of action in the Singapore action, which are separate and
distinct from the causes of action in the Indonesian proceedings, should and
ought to have been raised in the earlier Indonesian insolvency proceedings
involving the 1st defendant. Quite apart from the fact that the Indonesian
proceedings do not involve the 2nd defendant, I found, for reasons elaborated
at [74]–[84] below, that there was no basis for applying the extended doctrine
of res judicata at all.

3 However, the stay application, grounded on the doctrine of forum non
conveniens, merited closer examination following an observation I made at the
end of the hearing. There are three seemingly distinct claims in the Singapore
action. Both parties approached the stay application on the basis that all
three claims should either proceed in Singapore or be stayed in favour of
Indonesia. Initially, no specific submission was made for a halfway house of
staying some but not all the three claims. When this scenario was raised as a
possible outcome of the stay application, counsel for the 1st and 2nd
defendants, Mr Rakesh Kirpalani, understandably seized on this option to
submit that the claims against the 1st and 2nd defendants in respect of the
inter-company loans should be stayed even if the court is not minded to stay
the restructuring transactions. This decision will therefore examine, inter
alia, the circumstances in which a court may exercise its discretion to stay
some but not all the claims in a Singapore action in favour of another
jurisdiction, as well as the propriety of doing so. It will also consider
whether, in determining the natural forum for the adjudication of the claim,
the difficulties in the enforcement of any judgment of the Singapore action in
the foreign jurisdiction would be a relevant factor to determine or to
displace the natural forum.

4 I start with an outline of the background facts common to both applications
(at [5]–[40]). I then give my grounds for dismissing the striking-out
application since it has raised some interesting legal points (at [41]–[85])
followed by my decision on the stay application (at [86]–[131]).

Background facts

The parties

5 The parties to this action are all part of the Humpuss group of companies. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

3rd Affidavit of Theo Lekatompessy, dated 26 February 2016, at para 8

The plaintiff is incorporated in Singapore. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”), dated 18 August 2014, at para 1

It was placed in compulsory liquidation on 20 January 2012. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 11

Both the 1st and 2nd defendants are incorporated in Indonesia. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at paras 7 and 10

The 1st defendant was also listed on the Jakarta Stock Exchange. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 7

The 1st defendant is the sole shareholder of the plaintiff and owns 99% of the
2nd defendant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at paras 8–9

The nature of the Singapore action

6 In the statement of claim filed on 18 August 2014, the liquidators seek the
repayment of two inter-company loans which remain unpaid. The plaintiff’s
unaudited financial statements for 2009 record that, as at 31 December 2009,
there was a loan amount of US$72,608,916 due from the 1st defendant to the
plaintiff and a loan amount of US$39,542,815 due from the 2nd defendant to the
plaintiff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at paras 25–29 and pp 34–35

7 The liquidators also seek to set aside a number of transactions which the
plaintiff purportedly entered into between July and December 2009 as part of
an alleged restructuring of the Humpuss Group (“restructuring transactions”).
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

SOC at para 22

Two categories of restructuring transactions are being impugned.

(a) First, the transfers of the plaintiff’s shares in four companies to the
2nd defendant. The abbreviated names of the four companies (and the
plaintiff’s shareholding therein) are Cometco (51%), Silverstone (100%),
Humolco (60%), and MCGC II (45%). Silverstone is incorporated in Panama and
the remaining three companies are incorporated in Liberia. The 2nd defendant
agreed to pay the plaintiff US$27,372,715 for the Cometco shares, US$8,907,170
for the Silverstone shares, US$600 for the Humulco shares, and US$2,700 for
the MGCC II shares. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

SOC at paras 31, 39, 44, 49

The liquidators allege that the plaintiff has not received any payment from
the 2nd defendant for the share transfers. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

SOC at paras 35, 41, 46, 51

(b) Second, the transfer of four vessels from the plaintiff to the 2nd
defendant. The plaintiff is the registered owner of one of these vessels, the
Sapta Samudra. The 2nd defendant agreed to purchase the Sapta Samudra for
US$4,020,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC at para 66

The registered owners of the three remaining vessels – the Dasa Samudra, the
Griya Asmat and the Nawa Samudra – are three single-ship subsidiaries of the
plaintiff incorporated in Panama. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC at para 4

The 2nd defendant agreed to purchase the three vessels for US$3,920,000,
US$11,856,000, and US$2,100,000 respectively. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at paras 66, 83, 91

The liquidators allege that the plaintiff and its subsidiaries have not
received any payment from the 2nd defendant for the transfers of any of the
four vessels.

8 The liquidators’ primary claim is that all the restructuring transactions –
including the plaintiff’s transfer of the three vessels through its
subsidiaries – are transactions at an undervalue within the meaning of s 98 of
the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) read with s 329(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), with the result that the court would be bound to
make an order for restoring the position to what it would have been if the
plaintiff had not entered into the restructuring transactions (s 98(2)
Bankruptcy Act). As an alternative, the liquidators claim that the
restructuring transactions are voidable for being conveyances intended to
defraud the plaintiff’s creditors within the meaning of s 73B of the
Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC at pp 35 and 37

The nature of the Indonesian Proceedings

9 The 1st defendant is currently in a court-assisted debt restructuring
process in Indonesia. On 26 September 2012, a creditor of the 1st defendant
filed a Penundaan Kewajiban Pembayaran Utang (“PKPU”) petition against the 1st
defendant in Indonesia. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2nd Affidavit of Anang Fahkcrudin, dated 2 July 2016, at pp 670–672

PKPU proceedings

10 PKPU proceedings in Indonesia are similar to the process in Singapore by
which a company may propose a scheme of arrangement. PKPU proceedings are
governed by Law No 37 of 2004 on Bankruptcy and Suspension of Obligation for
Payment of Debts (“Law No 37”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3rd Affidavit of Tony Budijaja, dated 10 June 2016, TB-1 (“Budijaja’s Expert
Opinion”) at para 2.1; 1st Affidavit of Fabian Buddy Pascoal, dated 1 February
2016, FBP-2 (“Pascoal’s Expert Opinion”) at para 17

11 The term “PKPU” broadly refers to a suspension of debt payment obligations.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.1

It is a judicial process by which a debtor may propose a composition plan to
its creditors to restructure its debts and reorganise its business operations.
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 16

The process starts when a creditor files a PKPU application with the
Commercial Court for the temporary suspension of the debtor’s debt payments.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.3; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 22

If the court approves the application, it will grant a temporary PKPU order.
It will also appoint a supervisory judge who oversees the PKPU process, and
one or more administrators who are to manage the debtor company’s assets
during the PKPU proceedings. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.4; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at paras 20–21

The temporary PKPU order releases the debtor from its payment obligations for
45 days, which may be extended on the approval of the creditors. The
administrator must give public notice of the PKPU order and summon the debtor
and its creditors to attend a hearing within that 45-day period. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at paras 2.5–2.6; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para
23

At this hearing, the Commercial Court will decide whether or not to approve
the composition plan.

12 Before the hearing, the creditors are entitled to file their claims with
the administrator, who will review the claims and decide whether to admit or
deny the submitted claims. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at paras 2.7–2.8; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at paras
26–28

13 The debtor may present a composition plan to the creditors either at the
hearing or at a creditor’s meeting between the grant of the temporary PKPU
order and the hearing. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.9

The requisite majority of creditors needed to accept the composition plan is a
majority in number of the creditors and at least two-thirds in value of each
class of creditors (ie, secured and unsecured) who attend and vote at the
meeting or hearing. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.11; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 32

If the composition plan is not accepted, the company will be placed in
bankruptcy. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.12; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 33

14 The composition plan must be approved by the court before it becomes final
and binding on all creditors of the debtor. Article 286 of Law No 37 states
that an approved composition plan shall bind “all creditors” save for any
secured creditor who voted against the plan – Article 281 of Law No 37
prescribes how these secured creditors will be repaid. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at paras 2.20–2.21; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at
paras 34– 35

Which other creditors are bound by the plan is not quite clear. The
defendants’ expert on Indonesian law was of the view that the approved
composition plan would bind all unsecured creditors, including those unsecured
creditors who did not participate in the PKPU proceedings. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 37

The liquidators’ expert on Indonesian law noted that the ratified composition
plan would bind all unsecured creditors 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.20

but did not comment specifically on whether unsecured creditors who did not
participate in the PKPU proceedings would also be bound.

15 The court’s approval of the composition plan is recorded in a judgment
known as a “Homologation Judgment”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 37; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 2.19

Under Indonesian law, the court can refuse to approve the composition plan for
a number of reasons; for example, if the debtor’s assets are much more than
the amount agreed in the composition plan. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.17; Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 37

If the court does not approve of the composition plan, it will place the
company in bankruptcy.

PKPU proceedings involving the 1st defendant

16 The temporary PKPU order in respect of the 1st defendant was granted on 12
October 2012 by the Commercial Court of the Central Jakarta District Court. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at Tab 44

The order appointed an administrator and directed that he summon the 1st
defendant and its creditors to appear at a hearing. On 16 October 2012, the
administrator gave notice to the 1st defendant’s creditors through Indonesian
newspapers and the State Gazette that a first creditors’ meeting would be held
on 19 October 2012, a second creditors’ meeting on 9 November 2012, and the
hearing on 26 November 2012. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 69

17 At the first meeting on 19 October 2012, the administrator informed the
creditors of the PKPU and its legal consequences. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 70

The 1st defendant presented a composition plan to the administrator on 1
November 2012. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 72

At the second meeting on 9 November 2012, the claims submitted against the 1st
defendant were verified and the composition plan was discussed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 90

A third creditors’ meeting was held on 23 November 2012 at which the
composition plan was approved by the creditors. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 97

All secured creditors and all unsecured creditors save for one voted in favour
of the plan. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 990

At the hearing on 26 November 2012, the Commercial Court approved the
composition plan by issuing a Homologation Judgment on the same date. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 993

Any subsequent reference to the composition plan will be to this part of the
Homologation Judgment. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 976–985

18 The former liquidators (the present liquidators having been appointed on 6
August 2013) did not attend any of the meetings or the hearing. One of the
former liquidators had, on 13 November 2012, written to inform the
administrator that the plaintiff had not submitted a claim against the 1st
defendant in the PKPU and had no intention of doing so. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 92

19 In the composition plan, unsecured creditors of the 1st defendant were
placed in category 3. The plaintiff was placed under sub-category 3.4, which
was for creditors who did not present claims but whose debts were nevertheless
recognised by the 1st defendant. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 956 and 981

The plaintiff was the only creditor in sub-category 3.4 and the value of its
claim was stated to be US$52.8m. According to the defendants’ expert on
Indonesian law, unless there is a challenge by any other creditor, the debtor
company may admit a debt even if the creditor did not submit a claim to the
administrator. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 29

This point was not challenged by the plaintiff’s expert on Indonesian law.
Under the composition plan, 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 983–984

and as approved in the Homologation Judgment, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 971–972

the 1st defendant was to pay the plaintiff US$10m in the form of assets and
cash within a year of the “PKPU decision”, with the balance to be paid on 3
March 2033. To-date, no payment has been made to the plaintiff. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Bob Yap’s 3rd Affidavit at para 2.3.5

The Postponement Judgment

20 On 16 October 2013, two of the 1st defendant’s unsecured creditors filed a
“letter of Miscellaneous Charge” to procure a postponement of its payment
obligations under the Homologation Judgment. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 118; Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p
1181

They did so because the South Jakarta District Court had, on 12 September
2013, issued a decree ordering that an expert team conduct an audit on the 1st
defendant for the fiscal years 31 December 2007 through 31 December 2012. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 113

This audit was prompted by allegations that there had been irregularities in
transactions between the 1st defendant and the plaintiff, namely, the
procurement, lease, and sale of vessels, as well as an inter-company loan. The
two unsecured creditors were concerned that they would suffer loss should the
1st defendant pay the plaintiff and the expert team were subsequently to find
that there was some illegal act by the 1st defendant and/or the plaintiff
causing the debt transactions between them to be “considered to have never
happened”, ie, fictitious. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1195

21 After considering the letter of Miscellaneous Charge, the Central Jakarta
District Court issued what is known as a Postponement Judgment on 8 November
2013. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 1145–1225

22 The Postponement Judgment provides, inter alia, that the 1st defendant is
to postpone implementation of its repayment obligation to the plaintiff under
the Homologation Judgment until an enforceable court judgment is issued
following the outcome of the expert team’s investigation. To date, no such
enforceable court judgment has been issued.

23 It will be convenient at this juncture to set out the alleged link between
the liquidators’ claims in this action and the claims allegedly admitted in
the composition plan. A clear understanding of this link, if any, is vital to
the proper determination of both the striking out and the stay applications.

The 1st defendant’s outstanding liability to the plaintiff

24 The defendants’ position is that the inter-company loan owing from the 1st
defendant to the plaintiff was admitted into the composition plan. There are
two parts to this submission.

25 First, the defendants claim that the amount due under the inter-company
loan was in fact US$71,696,402. The defendants accepted that, as reflected in
the plaintiff’s 2009 unaudited accounts, the 1st defendant owed the plaintiff
US$72,608,917 as at 31 December 2009. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 79

However, they submitted that the amount of the debt was reduced to
US$71,696,402 on account of payments amounting to $912,515 made by the 1st
defendant to the plaintiff’s suppliers on its behalf between 1 January 2010
and 31 October 2011. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 80; Defendants’ Submissions at para
83

26 Next, the defendants allege that in 2011, a company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands named Teldar Equity Asset Inc (“Teldar”) entered into a
“guarantee agreement” with the plaintiff, by which it agreed to bear all the
debts owed by the 1st defendant to the plaintiff. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 81

The only evidence the 1st defendant has produced is a single-page extract from
the 1st Defendant’s 2012 Annual Report reporting the existence of this
guarantee agreement under a section on legal cases and contingent liabilities.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1044

In translation, the extract states:

Registration bills by Teldar Equity Asset Inc (“Teldar”) (continued)

In 2011, Teldar and [the plaintiff] entered into guarantee agreement whereby
Teldar will bear the entire payment of the [1st defendant’s] and SDI’s debts
to [the plaintiff] (including all of its debt to the [plaintiff’s]
subsidiaries). Guarantee made by Teldar kept applicable until debts to [the
plaintiff] and its subsidiaries have been fully paid by Teldar and Teldar has
billing rights to the [1st defendant’s] amounted to its guaranteed amount.

As previously explained on October 12, 2012, Pengadilan Niaga decided the
Company was in PKPU process and on that basis, and then Teldar issued its
bills to the Company by registering such bills to PKPU process totaling
US$140,945,586.

Under this arrangement, Teldar became a creditor of the 1st defendant for the
sum of US$140,945,586 which purportedly included the US$71,696,402 owed by the
1st defendant to the plaintiff. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 82

27 In the composition plan, Teldar was placed in sub-category 3.3 as an
unsecured creditor with debts that the 1st defendant admitted, but which had
been registered late. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 956 and 981

The amount the 1st defendant owed Teldar was stated to be US$140.9m. The
defendants claim that the plaintiff’s claim of US$71,696,402 is included in
this amount.

28 The liquidators deny that the debt has been assigned to Teldar. They assert
that on the face of the 1st defendant’s 2012 Annual Report, Teldar appears
only to have guaranteed the 1st defendant’s liabilities; it does not follow
that the 1st defendant’s liability to the plaintiff has been extinguished. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee, dated 10 June 2016, at para 6.4.3

The liquidators also question the legitimacy of the alleged guarantee. The
date of the supposed guarantee agreement was 2011; the plaintiff, however,
ceased trading in end November 2009. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Affidavit of Bob Yap Cheng Ghee at para 6.44

29 In any case, Teldar thereafter assigned the 1st defendant’s debt of
US$140,945,586 (including the US$71,696,402 owed to the plaintiff) to a
Panama-incorporated company named Athens Investment Fund SA (“Athens”) on or
about 11 October 2013. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 117

Athens was not a creditor of the 1st defendant in the PKPU proceedings and was
hence not listed in the Homologation Judgment or composition plan. On 25
November 2013, Athens filed a civil claim in the Jakarta District Court
against the 1st defendant to recover this sum. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 4th Affidavit, dated 14 July 2016, at para 80

The fact that the Homologation Judgment had been passed in respect of the 1st
defendant’s debts did not seem to bar Athens from instituting this suit.

30 The 1st defendant and Athens entered into a settlement agreement dated 26
November 2013 by which the 1st defendant agreed to repay Athens the sum of
US$140,945,586 in two tranches. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 4th Affidavit at pp 710–711

The South Jakarta District Court issued an order dated 4 December 2013
approving the deed of settlement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 4th Affidavit at p 728

There is no evidence that the 1st defendant has repaid Athens.

The 2nd defendant’s outstanding liability to the plaintiff

31 The defendants submit that the plaintiff’s claims against the 2nd defendant
have also been admitted into the composition plan.

32 The defendants assert that there is no separate inter-company loan of
US$39,542,815 owed to the plaintiff because this figure is the amount owed to
the plaintiff for the restructuring transactions. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 89

I note that the liquidators have not provided any specific documentation for
this inter-company loan other than the plaintiff’s 2009 unaudited accounts.

33 The defendants say that pursuant to the restructuring transactions, the 2nd
defendant originally owed the sum of US$40,303,184.90 to the plaintiff. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 85

This sum corresponds to the total amount of consideration for the Sapta
Samudra and the shares in the four companies as currently stated in the
statement of claim.

34 The defendants say that this sum was reduced to US$39,542,815 by payments
made by the 2nd defendant to the plaintiff’s suppliers. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at para 85

There is no evidence of what these payments were.

35 Next, the defendants say that during the period from 1 January 2009 to 31
October 2011, the 2nd defendant made payments to the plaintiff’s suppliers
amounting to US$1,732,819. The only evidence of this is a balance sheet which
does show that the sum owing from the 2nd defendant to the plaintiff was
reduced from US$39,542,815 to US$37,809,996 as at 31 October 2011. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1057

36 It is then alleged that the 2nd defendant’s debts to the plaintiff were
transferred to the 1st defendant with the plaintiff’s approval. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 89

This assertion was based on two pieces of evidence. First, there was a letter
which a former liquidator, Mr Cosimo Borrelli, wrote to the Indonesian Stock
Exchange on 29 October 2012. The purpose of the letter was to explain that an
announcement made by the 1st defendant on the Stock Exchange on 22 October
2012 was misleading.

37 The paragraph in Mr Borrelli’s letter which the defendants rely on was
meant to counter the suggestion in the announcement that the 1st defendant and
its subsidiaries were fully operating, independent, and profitable. It read as
follows. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 79; Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p
1007

[The plaintiff] also has substantial claims against [the 1st defendant]
following the transfer of almost all the important assets of [the plaintiff]
and its subsidiaries to [the 1st defendant] and [the 2nd defendant] in 2009
without any consideration being paid by them. The following assets and equity
interests were transferred out from [the plaintiff] or [the plaintiff’s]
subsidiaries to [the 2nd defendant] for a total purported consideration of
USD58,179,185 but actually nothing has been paid to [the plaintiff] or [the
plaintiff’s] subsidiaries for these assets as at this date. Investigations
into the value of the assets that were transferred are ongoing but it is
likely to be substantially higher.

Assets| Transfer Consideration USD  
---|---  
Vessel – Dasa Samudra| 3,920,000  
Vessel – Griya Asmat| 11,856,000  
Vessel – Nawa Samudra| 2,100,000  
Vessel – Sapta Samudra| 4,020,000  
100% equity interest in Silverstone Development Inc| 8,907,170  
60% equity interest in Humolco Trans Inc| 600  
51% equity interest in Cometco Shipping Inc| 27,372,715  
45% shareholding in MCGC II Inc| 2,700  
Total| 58,179,185  
  
38 The defendants’ expert on Indonesian law suggests that the effect of Mr
Borrelli’s letter under Indonesian law is that the plaintiff had consented to
the 1st defendant’s taking over of the 2nd defendant’s debts to the plaintiff.
68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at paras 55–58

The plaintiff’s expert disagrees. His view is that under Indonesian law, the
2nd defendant’s debts to the plaintiff under the restructuring transactions
were contractual obligations, which could only be assigned by way of novation.
This could only be achieved if the parties to the contract and the assignee –
the plaintiff and both defendants – executed a notarial deed. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at paras 4.2–4.4

39 The second piece of evidence relied on is a letter from the 1st defendant
to the administrator in the PKPU, dated 7 November 2012, informing him that
the 1st defendant owes the plaintiff US$52,770,113.82. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1061

This number roughly matches the US$52.8m that represented the value of the
plaintiff’s claim as a creditor of the 1st defendant under sub-category 3.4 in
the composition plan (see [19] above). There is, annexed to this letter, a
table showing that this sum comprises the net balance owing to the plaintiff
for the Sapta Samudra and the shares in the four companies, which is
US$37,809,996, and the net balance owing to the plaintiff’s subsidiaries for
the other three vessels, which is US$14,960,117.64. It appears from the table
that the net balance for these three remaining vessels has also been reduced
by part payments and inter-company payments from US$17,916,000 (as claimed in
the statement of claim) to US$14,960,117.64.

40 In short, the defendants appear to suggest that it is the 1st defendant who
now owes US$52.8m to the plaintiff and its subsidiaries for the transfers of
the shares and vessels to the 2nd defendant. It was this debt that was
recognised in the composition plan as due from the 1st defendant to the
plaintiff. This debt comprises the US$37,809,996 owed by the 2nd defendant to
the plaintiff for the Sapta Samudra and the shares in the four companies, and
the US$14,960,117.64 owed by the 2nd defendant to the plaintiff’s single-ship
subsidiaries for the three other vessels.

The application to strike out this action

41 Summons 893 of 2016 is the defendants’ striking-out application. The
defendants sought to strike out the plaintiff’s action solely under O 18 r
19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed), that is, for being
“an abuse of process of the Court”. The application was not premised on O 18 r
19 (1)(a)–(c).

42 The court’s power to strike out an action under O18 r 19(1)(d) allows it to
forestall any improper use of its machinery. But the power conferred by O 18 r
19 in general is a draconian one and ought not to be exercised save in plain
and obvious cases (see Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong
Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [18] and [33]).

The parties’ submissions

43 The defendants relied solely on the extended doctrine of res judicata to
strike out the plaintiff’s action under O 18 r 19(1)(d). Their key arguments
were as follows: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 156

(a) The plaintiff could and should have raised its claims in the PKPU
proceedings. Instead, it chose not to participate.

(b) The inter-company loans and the restructuring transactions were settled by
the composition plan as approved by the Indonesian court in the form of the
Homologation Judgment.

(c) The plaintiff was in effect attempting to reopen the Homologation
Judgment. This would be prejudicial to the defendants and creditors who had
voted in favour of the composition plan.

(d) By embarking on these proceedings, the plaintiff was in effect asking the
Singapore court to pass its own judgment on the Homologation Judgment, which
is a final and binding court judgment on all the 1st defendant’s creditors. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 181

44 The liquidators’ response, broadly speaking, is that the extended doctrine
of res judicata has no application to their claims: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 4.1.1

(a) As regards the claims against the 2nd defendant, there was neither
identity of parties nor identity of subject matter, as required by the
extended doctrine of res judicata. The PKPU proceedings only concerned the 1st
defendant.

(b) However, even as regards the 1st defendant, the extended doctrine would
still not apply because the Homologation Judgment was not a final and
conclusive decision on the merits in respect of the plaintiff’s claim against
the 1st defendant.

(c) In fact, a determination by the Singapore court on the merits of the
plaintiff’s claims would be a premise for the plaintiff to seek enforcement
proceedings against the 2nd defendant in Indonesia or a variation of the
Homologation Judgment and/or Postponement Judgment as against the 1st
defendant. This is because a judgment from a Singapore court can serve as
evidence that a wrong debt has been admitted in the composition plan. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 4.6.2

It would hence be undesirable for the plaintiff’s claims to be prevented from
proceeding by reason of the extended doctrine of res judicata.

Have the liquidators’ claims been included in the Composition Plan?

45 Central to the defendants’ case for striking out the plaintiff’s claims in
the Singapore proceedings on the basis of res judicata is the assumption that
the subject matter of the liquidators’ claims have all been included in the
composition plan. On this assumption, they argue that the liquidators ought to
have raised their claims as objections in the PKPU proceedings which they were
aware of. To do so now would be re-opening the Homologation Judgment which is
final and binding on all the 1st defendant’s creditors, including the
plaintiff. That, they submit, would be an abuse of process.

46 I should state upfront that this assumption on which their entire case is
based suffers from many evidential and logical gaps.

The claim against the 1st defendant

47 The defendants’ submission that the liquidators should be precluded from
claiming the inter-company loan from the plaintiff to the 1st defendant
because it has been admitted into the composition plan was beset by a number
of fundamental problems.

48 The amount Teldar supposedly agreed to be liable for was a staggering
US$140m. Yet there is no evidence at all of the actual agreement by which such
a huge debt was transferred. If this transaction is legitimate, it would be
reasonable to expect that Teldar would not assume such a huge liability
without some formal documentation. Furthermore, there is no apparent reason
why it would do so. Teldar is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands whose relationship to the 1st defendant is not known. The exact
breakdown of the US$140.9m shown in the Homologation Judgment as owing to
Teldar was not provided. Therefore, without the actual guarantee agreement in
evidence, it is simply not possible to verify (a) the legitimacy of the
alleged transfer; (b) that the sum of US$140m is owing by the 1st defendant to
Teldar, as alleged; and (c) that the sum included the inter-company loan which
was originally due and owing by the 1st defendant to the plaintiff. This is
merely a bald assertion by the 1st defendant.

49 Further, for Teldar to have taken on the 1st defendant’s liability to the
plaintiff for the inter-company loan, the plaintiff must have given its
consent. The defendants have not explained how and when the plaintiff did so.

50 The next point is the most crucial. Even assuming Teldar had validly taken
over the 1st defendant’s liability for the inter-company loan, Teldar would
only become a creditor of the 1st defendant for the inter-company loan amount
of US$72,608,916 if it had first repaid that loan to the plaintiff. Only then
would it be entitled to look to the 1st defendant for recovery. That is
precisely what the 1st defendant’s 2012 Annual Report suggests: Teldar would
be entitled to the sum of US$140m when the “debts to [the plaintiff] and its
subsidiaries [had] been fully paid by Teldar” (see [26] above). Quite plainly,
that has not occurred.

51 Finally, the defendants’ own case is that Teldar has since assigned the
inter-company loan of US$72,608,916 to Athens. But their ostensible reason for
striking out this claim is that it has already been included in the
composition plan. However, if Athens has taken over that debt, then it is
indeed curious that Athens has brought a civil claim against the 1st defendant
for the same debt in the South Jakarta District Court instead of seeking to
vary the Homologation Judgment to be included as a creditor in the composition
plan.

The claims against the 2nd defendant

52 As for the liquidators’ claims against the 2nd defendant, the 1st defendant
asserts that it took over the restructuring transactions from the 2nd
defendant and, on that basis, invited me to find that these claims have been
included in the composition plan. There are two cumulative difficulties with
this submission.

53 First, the effect of Mr Borrelli’s letter under Indonesian law may be
disputed. But since it is written in English, there is no question of its
plain meaning being lost in translation. On the face of that letter, it is
immediately apparent that there is no mention of the plaintiff consenting to
the 1st defendant taking over the debts owed by the 2nd defendant to the
plaintiff. Mr Borrelli’s letter was not even addressed to the 1st or 2nd
defendants, but to the Indonesian Stock Exchange instead. It was written for
the specific purpose of highlighting the plaintiff’s claims against the 1st
defendant to the Stock Exchange. It would require a somewhat contrived reading
of the letter to yield the effect sought by the defendants.

54 Second, even if the plaintiff had consented to the 1st defendant taking
over the 2nd defendant’s liability for the restructuring transactions, it
would not mean they had consented to the 1st defendant’s quantification of
liability at US$37,809,996 to take into account two sets of payments made on
the plaintiff’s behalf (see [34]–[35] above). There is no hint in Mr
Borrelli’s letter of the sum having been reduced in this way. The other piece
of evidence is the 1st defendant’s letter to the administrator but there is no
evidence that the plaintiff was even aware of this letter.

55 As for the inter-company loan to the 2nd defendant, the defendants have no
evidence to show that it was in reality one and the same with the debt owed by
the 2nd defendant to the plaintiff under the restructuring transactions. They
do not dispute that the loan was recorded in the plaintiff’s financial
statements for 2009, as pleaded in the statement of claim.

56 From the above analysis, it would appear that there are significant
difficulties in the defendants’ assertion that the liquidators’ claims against
them have been included in the composition plan. That having been said, I will
now turn to explain why I found, in any event, that the requirements for the
application of the extended doctrine of res judicata were not satisfied to
strike out the liquidators’ claims.

57 The defendants’ case on res judicata was unusual, to say the least. It will
be necessary to first examine the rationale and scope of the extended doctrine
of res judicata as it applies to domestic judgments before examining its
application and effect on foreign judgments and, in particular, foreign
judgments rendered by an insolvency court such as the PKPU proceedings.

Res judicata and domestic judgments

58 I start with res judicata as it applies to domestic judgments. The general
principles have been set out authoritatively by the Court of Appeal in The
Royal Bank of Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT
International Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties)
and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT”). The plea of res judicata
encompasses three distinct but interrelated legal principles: cause of action
estoppel, issue estoppel, and the extended doctrine of res judicata, also
known as the defence of abuse of process (see TT at [98]). Cause of action
estoppel and issue estoppel apply to preclude a party from raising a claim or
issue which has been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in
previous litigation between the same parties (see TT at [99]–[100]). The
extended doctrine of res judicata goes further by precluding a party from
raising claims or issues which, though not brought before the court, and
therefore not specifically determined, nevertheless ought properly to have
been raised and argued. The extended doctrine thus extends cause of action
estoppel and issue estoppel to such claims or issues which were “so clearly
part of the subject matter of the litigation and so clearly could have been
raised that it would be an abuse of the process of the court to allow a new
proceeding to be started in respect of them” (see Greenhalgh v Mallard [1947]
2 All ER 255 at 257, cited in Ching Mun Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan
Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and another appeal [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53
(“Ching Mun Fong”) at [23]). The same public interest underlies cause of
action estoppel, issue estoppel, and the extended doctrine of res judicata:
“that there should be finality in litigation and that a party should not be
twice vexed in the same matter” (see Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2002]
2 AC 1 (“Johnson”) at 31; see also TT at [98]).

The origin of the extended doctrine

59 The origin of the extended doctrine is commonly said to be Henderson v
Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100 (“Henderson”). It is worth noting that Henderson
was concerned with the preclusive effect of proceedings in a foreign court.
Two brothers, Bethel and Jordan, were partners in their father’s business.
Jordan died intestate in Newfoundland and his widow sued Bethel in
Newfoundland for, among other things, sums of money he had failed to account
for under the partnership. Judgment was granted in her favour. Bethel tried to
resist enforcement of the judgment in England by arguing that it was actually
Jordan (and, upon his death, his widow) who owed him money under the
partnership. Bethel did not raise this argument in Newfoundland. This prompted
Sir James Wigram VC to observe (at 115):

… where a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a Court of competent jurisdiction, the Court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(except under special circumstances) permit the same parties to open the same
subject of litigation in respect of matter which might have been brought
forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought forward,
only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even accident,
omitted part of their case. The plea of res judicata applies, except in
special cases, not only to points upon which the Court was actually required
by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment, but to every point
which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and which [the] parties,
exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward at the time.

60 Thus stated, the extended doctrine applies only if a matter has been
decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and “the same parties” raise
matters which “properly belonged to the subject of litigation”. Subsequent
cases, however, have added two refinements to the doctrine: there is no
requirement that the parties must be the same or that “every point which
properly belonged to the subject of litigation” must have been brought.

No requirement of identity of parties

61 The requirement of identity of parties has since been dispensed with.
Indeed, it is precisely because the parties are different that cause of action
and issue estoppels are generally inapplicable and resort must be had, as a
result, to the extended doctrine. Thus, a plaintiff may be precluded from
suing a defendant who should have been sued in previous proceedings (see
Bradford & Bingley Building Society v Seddon Hancock and others (Third
Parties) [1999] 1 WLR 1482 at 1491). Conversely, a defendant may invoke the
extended doctrine to preclude a plaintiff who could have brought a claim
against him in previous proceedings, but who did not, from now doing so (see
Kwa Ban Cheong v Kuah Boon Sek and others [2003] 3 SLR(R) 664 at [32]).

62 Thus, the liquidators’ submission that the extended doctrine of res
judicata could not bar the plaintiff from suing the 2nd defendant solely on
the premise that the PKPU proceedings were only in respect of the 1st
defendant must be rejected.

Matters which properly belonged to the subject of litigation

63 There is also no requirement that every point which could have been taken
in previous proceedings should have been, so as to render the raising of it in
subsequent proceedings necessarily an abuse of process. That would be, as Lord
Bingham observed in Johnson at 31, to adopt too dogmatic an approach. Rather,
the court is to determine whether there is an abuse by looking at all the
circumstances of the case. The court may consider, in particular, whether the
later proceedings constitute a collateral attack upon the previous decision,
whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-litigation, whether
there are bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to have been raised in the
earlier action was not, and whether there are other special circumstances that
might justify allowing the case to proceed (see Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh Nellie”) at [53]; Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng
Lawrence (administrator of the estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2013] 3 SLR
710 at [58]).

64 The defendants argued that the liquidators’ present claims constitute a
collateral attack on the Homologation Judgment and therefore an abuse of
process. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendants’ Submissions at paras 183–184

However, this argument would not be relevant unless it is first established
that the liquidators’ claims were “the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a Court of competent jurisdiction” (Henderson; see [59]
above). The defendants’ case is that the liquidators’ claims are part of the
subject matter of the Homologation Judgment passed by the Indonesian court 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendants’ Submissions at paras 157 and 168(b)

. I have expressed my serious reservations as to whether this submission is
borne out by the facts before me (see [47]–[56] above). Approaching this
submission as a matter of law, however, where a foreign judgment is concerned,
recognition of the foreign judgment is the process by which one determines
that a matter has been the subject of litigation in a court of competent
jurisdiction. I now elaborate on that requirement.

The extended doctrine of res judicata and foreign judgments

Recognition of foreign judgments

65 Recognition of a foreign judgment is a necessary prerequisite for it to be
res judicata before our courts either through cause of action or issue
estoppel or by virtue of the rule in Henderson. In EFT Holdings, Inc and
another v Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and others [2013] 1 SLR 1254,
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J noted at [155]:

With regard to foreign judgments (as opposed to locally obtained judgments),
as was the case here, the operation of the doctrines of res judicata and abuse
of process is qualified. A prerequisite is that the foreign judgment must be
recognised within the forum of Singapore for it to have any effect (see Peter
Barnett, Res Judicata, Estoppel, and Foreign Judgments (Oxford University
Press, 2001) at p 24).

George Wei JC made a similar observation in Manharlal Trikamdas Mody and
another v Sumikin Bussan International (HK) Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 1161
(“Manharlal”) at [135]: “the principle that the doctrine of res judicata
applies to foreign judgments entitled to recognition is well established and
undoubtedly part of Singapore law” (emphasis added).

66 Recognition is the process by which the domestic court determines that a
foreign judgment is entitled to have legal effect in the forum. It is
therefore a prelude to enforcement, which is the primary but not only purpose
for which recognition can be sought. A party who relies on a foreign judgment
to prevent the matters therein from being re-litigated by the other party is
essentially aiming “to establish a negative proposition and seeks that
recognition alone be accorded to that judgment. There is no question of
enforcement” (see Dicey, Morris and Collins on The Conflict of Laws (Lord
Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) (“Dicey”) at para
14-005).

67 The tests for recognition and for enforcement are the same. Recognition in
this case is governed by the common law rule because the statutory schemes in
Singapore for recognising and enforcing foreign judgments only apply to
judgments from specified countries, which do not include Indonesia. The common
law rule is that a foreign judgment will be recognised if (a) it is the final
and conclusive judgment of a court which, (b) according to the private
international law of Singapore, had jurisdiction to grant that judgment, and
(c) if there is no defence to its recognition (see Giant Light Metal
Technology (Kunshan) Co Ltd v Aksa Far East Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 545 (“Aksa”)
at [13] and [17]). I will examine each of these requirements in turn.

(1) Final and conclusive judgment

68 As a starting point, the foreign judgment must be final and conclusive on
the merits. The party who seeks to rely on the judgment has the burden of
proving that it is final (see Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd (No 2)
[1967] 1 AC 853 (“Carl Zeiss”) at 936, 949, and 971).

69 There are two aspects to finality. First, the judgment must be conclusive
of the merits of the case. This means that the decision is one which cannot be
varied, re-opened or set aside by the court that delivered it (see The “Bunga
Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [81]). This aspect of finality applies whether
res judicata is being invoked in respect of a domestic or a foreign judgment
(see KR Handley, Spencer Bower and Handley: Res Judicata (LexisNexis, 4th Ed,
2009) at para 5.01). A domestic or foreign judgment is no less final merely
because it is subject to an appeal or a stay of execution (see Goh Nellie at
[28] and Manharlal at [142]–[144]).

70 In addition, where a foreign judgment is concerned, finality is to be
assessed by asking whether the foreign court rendering the judgment would
itself regard it as final and conclusive. Thus, Lord Reid stated in Carl-Zeiss
that it would “verge on absurdity” to regard as conclusive something in a
foreign judgment which the foreign court would not regard as conclusive (at
919). In The “Bunga Melati 5” at [86], the Court of Appeal endorsed Lord
Reid’s statement as a “principled approach” which applies in Singapore.
Although these observations were made in the context of issue estoppel, in my
view, they are equally applicable when considering the extended doctrine of
res judicata.

(2) International jurisdiction

71 Next, the forum court recognising the judgment must be satisfied that,
according to its own rules of private international law, the foreign court
rendering the judgment had jurisdiction to give that judgment, ie,
jurisdiction in the “international sense”. Rule 43 of Dicey, at p 690, lists
four grounds of jurisdiction: presence in the foreign country, filing a claim
or counterclaim before the foreign court, voluntarily submitting to the
jurisdiction of the foreign court by appearing in the proceedings, and
agreeing to submit to the jurisdiction before the commencement of proceedings.
Rule 43 applies equally to judgments in foreign insolvency proceedings (see
Rubin and another v Eurofinance SA and others [2013] 1 AC 236).

72 The only possible ground of the Indonesian court founding jurisdiction
against the plaintiff for the purposes of the PKPU proceedings in this case
would be voluntary submission. The other grounds are clearly inapplicable.
Whether a defendant has voluntarily submitted to the jurisdiction of the
foreign court is to be determined without exclusive reference to the law of
the forum or the law of the foreign court. It is in that sense that the
jurisdiction is “international”. As Andrew Ang J held in Aksa (at [26]), the
court must not only consider the general framework of its own procedural
rules, but also the domestic law of the court where the steps were taken.

(3) No defences to recognition

73 For the purposes of explaining this last requirement, it is sufficient to
quote the following summary from Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, 2016 Reissue) at para 75.209:

Generally, a foreign judgment would not be given effect to, in spite of the
satisfaction of the requirements discussed above, if its recognition or
enforcement (as the case may be) would be contrary to the fundamental public
policy of the forum, where it would conflict with an earlier judgment from the
forum or an earlier foreign judgment recognised under the private
international law of the forum, or if the foreign judgment had been obtained
by fraud or in breach of principles of natural justice, or if it would amount
to the direct or indirect enforcement of foreign penal, revenue or other
public laws.

The applicability of the extended doctrine to this case

74 Applying the principles articulated above to the present case, I find that
the Homologation Judgment is not capable of having any preclusive effect,
based on the extended doctrine of res judicata, either against the 1st
defendant or the 2nd defendant.

Not final and conclusive

75 The Homologation Judgment is not final and conclusive. It is not a foreign
judgment which can be recognised as giving rise to any res judicata effect.

76 The liquidators submitted that the Homologation Judgment is not final and
conclusive for two reasons. First, under Indonesian law, it can be annulled.
Second, the Homologation Judgment can be varied to include an omitted debt
through the filing of a miscellaneous charge in the same Court that granted
it. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 4.5.6

77 The possibility that the Homologation Judgment may be annulled or set aside
does not per se mean it is not final and conclusive for the purposes of
recognition in this forum. The approach to default judgments is instructive
here. A foreign judgment obtained in default of one party’s appearance may be
regarded as final and conclusive even though it may be set aside by the same
court which rendered it. As long as the judgment is intended to be final, it
remains final until a defendant takes steps to set it aside (see Dicey at para
14-023). In this case, the experts both point out that the Homologation
Judgment can be annulled if the debtor fails to comply with the terms of the
composition plan. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.2.2; Pascoal’s Reply Opinion at para 8(b)

Annulment depends on an event in the future which may or may not happen. As
long as the Homologation Judgment was intended to be final and conclusive, the
possibility of annulment will not change that; if it has in fact been
annulled, the judgment is obviously no longer final and conclusive.

78 That brings me to the liquidators’ second argument, which I accept: the
Homologation Judgment is not intended to be final and conclusive because it
can be varied. The general rule is that “[a] foreign judgment which is liable
to be abrogated or varied by the court which pronounced it is not a final
judgment” (see Dicey at para 14-023). Here, there are two ways in which the
Homologation Judgment can be varied.

79 First, the defendants’ expert on Indonesian law suggested (and the
plaintiff’s expert agreed) that the plaintiff could file a miscellaneous
charge to include a debt omitted from the composition plan. While the experts
on Indonesian law did not offer a definition of a “miscellaneous charge”, it
appears to be an application filed by a creditor requesting the court to
determine issues arising out of a Homologation Judgment. In this case, the
defendants argued that the plaintiff could seek repayment of the US$72,608,916
inter-company loan it claims in the present Singapore action by filing a
miscellaneous charge to ask for an order for such payment. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Pascoal’s Expert Opinion at para 53; Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.23

Besides suggesting that the Homologation Judgment is capable of being varied,
I note in passing that this submission by the defendants’ expert on Indonesian
law implies that the US$72,608,916 inter-company loan had not in fact been
admitted into the composition plan by Teldar’s assumption of liability, as the
defendants contended. This is entirely in line with my observations at [47] to
[56] above on the defendants’ significant difficulties in establishing, at
this stage, that the subject matter of the liquidators’ claims have been
included in the composition plan.

80 Second, the plaintiff’s expert on Indonesian law added that the judgment
could also be varied if the admitted debts were fraudulent conveyances. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at paras 2.27–2.28

This was based on Article 3(1) of Law No 37, which was the basis on which the
Postponement Judgment was granted. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1184

It was accepted by the Central Jakarta District Court that the investigation
of the 1st defendant’s debt to the plaintiff might affect the 1st defendant’s
obligation to pay its debt to the plaintiff based on the Homologation
Judgment. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1194

The 1st defendant’s debt might be “deemed invalid because of the legal
violation in the transaction.” 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at p 1220

81 In addition, since finality is to be assessed by asking whether the foreign
court would itself treat the judgment as res judicata, it is relevant to note
that Athens was able to file a civil claim in an Indonesian court against the
1st defendant even though, on the defendants’ case, Athens became a creditor
of the 1st defendant after taking over its debt to Teldar, which was admitted
in the composition plan. This lends weight to the opinion of the plaintiff’s
expert on Indonesian law that the Homologation Judgment does not preclude the
liquidators from commencing its claims in a Singapore court. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 3.15

No international jurisdiction

82 Even if the Homologation Judgment was final and conclusive, I would have
found that the Indonesian court did not have jurisdiction over the plaintiff,
who did not participate at all in the PKPU proceedings. The defendants rely on
the fact that the plaintiff “was aware of the PKPU proceedings but
deliberately chose not to participate in the same”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 168(a)

In Rubin, the majority of the UK Supreme Court found that a judgment based on
fraudulent conveyances given in a New York court could not be enforced in
England against a party who did not appear and who therefore could not be
treated as having submitted to the jurisdiction of the foreign court (see
[168]–[169], per Lord Collins and [189], per Lord Mance). Similarly, the
plaintiff here cannot be taken to have submitted to the jurisdiction of the
Indonesian court simply because it had the chance of proving its debts there.
This point was also addressed in Adrian Briggs, Civil Jurisdiction and
Judgments (Informa Law, 6th Ed, 2015) at para 7.81, where the author opined
that if an absentee plaintiff is simply notified of but plays no part in the
proceedings, it is impossible to say that the foreign court could be
jurisdictionally competent to bind him by its judgment or order. The resulting
judgment would not preclude the claimant from commencing a claim in another
forum.

83 The mere fact that the 1st defendant had unilaterally included the
plaintiff as a creditor in the composition plan cannot in itself constitute
the plaintiff’s submission to the jurisdiction of the Indonesian court for the
purposes of the Homologation Judgment. Although the plaintiff was listed as a
creditor in the Homologation Judgment, it had no right to vote on the
composition plan since it did not present any claims. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Theo Lekatompessy’s 3rd Affidavit at pp 972–973

That is plainly insufficient to amount to any voluntary submission to the
Indonesian court in respect of the PKPU proceedings.

84 I can therefore see no basis for holding that the plaintiff should be
precluded from pursuing its claims here on the basis of the extended doctrine
of res judicata.

Conclusion on the striking out application

85 For the reasons stated above, I dismissed the striking out application with
costs to the plaintiff, which I fixed at $10,000 plus reasonable disbursements
to be agreed if not taxed.

The application for a stay of proceedings

86 Summons 1045 of 2016 is the defendants’ application for a stay of the
Singapore proceedings in favour of Indonesia on the ground of forum non
conveniens.

The legal basis for the stay application

87 The applicable test is the Spiliada test (see Spiliada Maritime Corporation
v Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460). It is at the court’s discretion whether or not
to grant a stay of proceedings on the ground of forum non conveniens. It will
do so only if there is some other available forum which is clearly or
distinctly more appropriate for the trial of the action. The inquiry proceeds
in two stages. At the first stage, the defendant bears the legal burden of
showing that there is an available and more appropriate forum. The factors
which may indicate the appropriateness of any available forum include the
relative convenience and expense of trial in a forum, the substantive law
applicable to the dispute, and the residence or place of business of the
parties. The party asserting any one factor bears the evidential burden of
proving it, and the weight to be attached to each factor will depend on the
facts of each case. If, upon considering all the factors, the court is
satisfied that there is some other available forum more appropriate for the
trial of the action, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances in which justice requires that a stay be refused. The legal
burden shifts to the plaintiff, at this second stage of the inquiry, to prove
that such special circumstances exist (see Rickshaw Investments Ltd and
another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“Rickshaw”) at
[13]–[15]; CIMB Bank v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 (“Dresdner”)
at [26]; JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR
391 (“JIO”) at [38]–[40]).

88 It should be recalled that the plaintiff seeks the following reliefs in the
Singapore proceedings: (a) the recovery of an inter-company loan of
US$72,608,916 from the 1st defendant; (b) the recovery of an inter-company
loan of US$39,542,815 from the 2nd defendant; and (c) the setting aside of the
restructuring transactions as against the 2nd defendant. These are three
distinct claims.

89 Up to the hearing of this application, the defendants did not make any
distinction between any of the claims in aid of its stay application. There
was no specific submission that, even if the court should be minded to deny
the stay in respect of the restructuring transactions, it should nonetheless
stay the claims in respect of the inter-company loans against the 1st and 2nd
defendants. The defendants only adopted this argument belatedly in response to
a point I had raised in the course of the hearing. Nonetheless, I will first
examine whether a court can grant a stay in respect of some of the plaintiff’s
claims but not the others. I will refer to this as a “partial stay”.

Partial stay of proceedings

90 There are very few decisions where a partial stay has been granted on forum
non conveniens grounds. There are two permutations for a partial stay in this
case.

91 First, one might stay a claim as against one defendant but not the other
defendants. A distinction may be drawn, for example, between the 1st defendant
who is already a party in the PKPU proceedings and the 2nd defendant who is
not. A stay against one of several defendants is permissible if the actions
against them are not closely related and there is no possibility of
inconsistent decisions being reached by courts in different jurisdictions.
Itochu Steel Asia Pte Ltd v C V Wira Mustika Indah and others [1999] SGHC 321
(“Itochu”) is a case where such a partial stay was granted. A Singapore-
incorporated company brought an action against an Indonesian partnership and
two Indonesian citizens. The action against the 1st and 3rd defendants was
based on dishonoured bills of exchange. The 2nd defendant guaranteed the
liability of the 3rd defendant. Only the 2nd defendant applied to stay the
action on the basis of forum non conveniens. Amarjeet Singh JC granted the
stay, finding that the action on the guarantees had the closest and most real
connection with Indonesia (at [21]). The plaintiff had objected to the stay on
the premise that the action against the 2nd and 3rd defendants would be more
effectively disposed of together in Singapore. In response Singh JC observed
that the evidence required to establish liability against the 2nd and 3rd
defendants was very different; in addition, the validity of the guarantees
under Indonesian law was in issue, which made it more appropriate that the
action against the 2nd defendant be resolved by an Indonesian court (at
[22]–[24]).

92 If the case against the defendants raises the same issues and relies on the
same evidence, to grant a partial stay would allow the defendants to be sued
separately in different jurisdictions, with the undesirable prospect of
inconsistent judicial decisions. In such circumstances, it would not be in the
interests of justice to grant a partial stay. This was made clear in PT Hutan
Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd and another [2001] 1 SLR(R)
104 (“Hutan”) at [24] to [26]. In that case, the plaintiff sued a company to
recover two debts, and the president of the company who had acted as guarantor
for both debts. The guarantor did not challenge the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts. The company, relying on the Itochu decision, sought a stay
of the action against it. Having explained the undesirability of two actions
raising common issues being tried in two jurisdictions, the Court of Appeal
found that, notwithstanding that the guarantees were governed by Indonesian
law, the ends of justice would be better served if both actions were disposed
of in Singapore.

93 I should mention that the partial stay in Itochu was brought about as a
result of the nature of stay application which was only filed by the 2nd
defendant. Similarly, in Hutan, the court was confronted with a partial stay
because the other defendant did not contest the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court to hear the case. Here, the circumstances are slightly different because
both defendants are seeking, in the alternative, a partial stay for some but
not all the claims as against both defendants.

94 Another form of partial stay is to stay one of the claims against a
defendant, but not the rest. This is the sort of partial stay which both
defendants are seeking in the alternative. This may be appropriate where the
forum is eminently the natural forum for deciding on one claim but not the
others. As an example Hyslop v Society of Lloyd’s (1992) 6 PRNZ 204 comes
close, though strictly speaking it was about a stay based on an exclusive
jurisdiction clause rather than forum non conveniens. A member of Lloyd’s
sought the cancellation of registration documents by which she became a
member. Her claims were based on misrepresentation, negligence, breach of
implied terms, and under two New Zealand statutes: the Fair Trading Act 1986
and the Securities Act 1978. English law was the governing law and there was
an exclusive jurisdiction clause in favour of England. The defendants sought a
stay of all proceedings. Holland J declined to stay the claims based on the
New Zealand statutes. This was because the statutes were designed for the
protection of the New Zealand public, the factual and legal matters relevant
to the statutory causes of action concerned New Zealand, and the objection
based on the exclusive jurisdiction clause had little force in the face of a
provision in the statutes which precluded contracting out of them.

95 Further afield, jurisprudence from the United States supports the
possibility of a partial stay by which a court retains jurisdiction over some
claims and chooses to stay the rest on the ground of forum non conveniens. An
oft-cited case in point is Scottish Air International Inc v British Caledonian
Group, PLC, 81 F 3d 1224 (2nd Cir 1996) which illustrates the propriety of
granting a partial stay if the forum is eminently the appropriate forum for
one claim but not others. In that case, the plaintiffs’ claim for contempt of
court in breaching a court order embodying a settlement agreement was heard by
the New York Court. Another claim for the reinstatement of directors to the
board of directors of a Scottish airline was dismissed on forum non conveniens
grounds. The New York Court took the view that a court in the United Kingdom
would be the natural forum for that action. In the court’s view, because the
claim for breaching a court order could “by definition” only be decided by a
New York Court, it was not inappropriate to decide that claim while dismissing
the rest of the claim on forum non conveniens (at 1235). They had earlier
found that the UK was the more appropriate forum for the latter claim because
it had a “more substantial interest” in the board composition of a Scottish
corporation (at 1234). In the court’s view, the doctrine of forum non
conveniens should be flexible enough to accommodate a partial stay. Otherwise,
the forum non conveniens analysis could be skewed “by joining claims that lack
merit” (at 1235).

96 In my view, a partial stay would be particularly relevant where claims
pursuant to a forum’s statutory laws are brought alongside other claims. The
possibility of a partial stay might discourage litigants from tacking on
claims with no obvious connection to the forum to claims which do. However, as
the cases of Itochu and Hutan have elucidated, the court must be alert to the
degree of overlap between the claims. Any partial stay, whether as against one
of multiple defendants or in respect of one of multiple claims, would be
impermissible if there is a high degree of overlap in the claims leading to
the possibility of inconsistent decisions by different courts.

97 In the present case, the claims to recover the inter-company loans might
appear to be distinct from the claim to set aside the restructuring
transactions. Going by the statement of claim alone, there appears to be
little if any overlap in the facts surrounding the three claims. In principle,
it is open to me to stay the proceedings as regards one or more of the claims
while declining to do so for the rest. I should mention that Mr Kirpalani’s
submission is that I should stay the claims for recovery of the inter-company
loans as against both the 1st and 2nd defendants even if I should decline to
do so for the restructuring transactions. In other words, he treated the
inter-company loans against the 1st and 2nd defendants collectively. He did
not submit that I should treat each of the inter-company loan claims
separately because they are against different defendants. Hence, I will first
consider what the natural forum for the restructuring transactions is, before
addressing my mind to the natural forum for the inter-company loan claims as a
whole against both defendants.

The restructuring transactions

98 In my judgment, the natural forum for the restructuring transactions must
be Singapore. This is because, at the first stage of the Spiliada test, the
connecting factors would point overwhelmingly in favour of Singapore. However,
even if Indonesia is found to be the more appropriate forum at the first
stage, at the second stage, the unavailability in the Indonesian court of the
statutory remedies exclusive to our insolvency laws would constitute special
reason to refuse a stay in any event.

99 Attempts to stay claims for oppression of a minority shareholder under s
216 of the Companies Act have been rejected on a similar basis. In Transtech
Electronics Pte Ltd v Choe Jerry and others [1998] 1 SLR(R) 1014, Judith
Prakash J (as she then was) held that the action was based on a Singapore
statute which concerns a Singapore company subject to that statute. Even if
the action could be brought in the foreign court, it would not be the most
appropriate court to resolve a dispute which turned on the meaning and scope
of a Singapore statute (at [19]). This point was amplified in Fan Heli v Zhang
Shujing and others [2016] 1 SLR 1457 by Aedit Abdullah JC, who noted that the
“predisposition” should be to regard the Singapore court as the natural forum
(at [26]). The s 216 claim is necessarily premised on events which take place
between the shareholders of a Singaporean company. The law governing the
affairs of the Singapore company would necessarily be Singapore law.
Consequently, the “centre of gravity” of such a claim would be Singapore (at
[25]). In any event, the unavailability of s 216 remedies in the foreign court
would constitute grounds to refuse a stay under the second stage of the
Spiliada test (at [45]).

100 Similarly, since the plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company
presently in liquidation in Singapore, and the setting aside of the
restructuring transactions is sought under Singapore law, the connecting
factors point overwhelmingly to Singapore as the natural forum. Furthermore, I
agree with the liquidators that the rights to set aside the restructuring
transactions are exclusive to the liquidators by the operation of Singapore’s
insolvency laws. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 6.3.1

The plaintiff would be prejudiced if the action to set aside the restructuring
transactions is stayed as the liquidators would not be able to pursue this
remedy elsewhere. The defendants have not been able to establish that the
claims based on the restructuring transactions could be brought in Indonesia.
The absence of these remedies in the foreign court would be a strong ground to
refuse a stay under the second stage of the Spiliada test in any event.

101 To rebut the liquidators’ point on the absence of a remedy in relation to
the restructuring transactions in the Indonesian courts, the defendants argued
that under Indonesian law, the plaintiff can pursue an actio Pauliana which is
a right given under Indonesian law to a creditor to demand the cancellation of
a debtor’s fraudulent transactions. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 231

This right is found in Article 1341 of the Indonesian Civil Code and Articles
41–48 of Law No 37. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Pascoal’s Reply Opinion: 2nd Affidavit of Fabian Buddy Pascoal, dated 14 July
2016, at para 27

Therefore, they submitted that the plaintiff could commence an action to annul
the restructuring transactions for being fraudulent conveyances, and then seek
to vary the composition plan based on the actio Pauliana. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendants’ Submissions at paras 231–232

102 I fail to see the relevance of this submission. The plaintiff here is
seeking to set aside the restructuring transactions as against the 2nd
defendant. The actio Pauliana is an avoidance remedy against a company in
insolvency. Article 41 of Law No 37 provides: 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Budijaja’s Expert Opinion at para 2.30

(1) In the interest of the bankruptcy assets, annulment may be requested to
the Court for all legal acts of the Debtor who has been declared bankrupt
which prejudice the interests of the Creditors, which were conducted before
the declaration of bankruptcy was rendered.

It has not been shown that the 2nd defendant is a “[d]ebtor who has been
declared bankrupt”. I cannot see how the actio Pauliana remedy is available as
against the 2nd defendant. It follows that the second part of the submission
that the plaintiff could seek to vary the composition plan based on actio
Pauliana is irrelevant. However, it did not escape my attention that this very
suggestion by the defendants is at odds with their submission in the striking-
out application that the 2nd defendant’s debts for the restructuring
transactions have already been transferred to the 1st defendant.

103 The defendants also raised the argument that the agreements for the
restructuring transactions are governed by Indonesian law and contain
exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of Indonesia. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 218

It would therefore be more satisfactory for the Indonesian courts to decide on
matters engaging Indonesian law. I cannot agree. What is in issue is the
effect of the plaintiff having entered into those agreements and not the
enforcement of the agreements themselves. It is precisely because the
agreements are accepted as having been executed that the liquidators now seek
to avoid those transactions on the plaintiff’s behalf based on the grounds
available under our insolvency laws. Nor is the plaintiff seeking to enforce
the restructuring transactions as against the 2nd defendant. Therefore, what
is material is the law applicable to the claim to set aside the restructuring
transactions, and not the law applicable to the transactions themselves.

104 Neither of the defendants’ arguments detracts from my conclusion that the
natural forum for the restructuring transactions is Singapore.

The inter-company loans

105 I turn to the inter-company loans. The first step is to compare the
relative appropriateness of Singapore and Indonesia by reference to the
factors connecting this dispute to each forum.

106 In their submissions, the defendants presented a table in Annex A listing
as many as 12 connecting factors, with a view to showing that most of the
connecting factors pointed to Indonesia. I did not find the presentation of
the factors in this manner particularly helpful. In the words of Chao Hick Tin
JA in Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 1007 at [19], the
Spiliada test is:

… not an exercise in comparing the sheer number of connecting factors which
point to this or that jurisdiction. What matters is the weight to be given to
each connecting factor in the light of all the circumstances of the case. In a
finely-balanced case … a single connecting factor could well be decisive.

107 The connecting factors themselves cannot be analysed in a vacuum but must
be examined, and weighed, in the context of the issues in dispute between the
parties (see UBS AG v Telesto Investments Ltd and others and another matter
[2011] 4 SLR 503 at [54]). They must shed light on the ultimate question:
where the case is suitably to be tried, having regard to the interest of the
parties and the ends of justice (see Q&M Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat [2005]
4 SLR 494 at [13]). In answering this question, the court should consider both
the anticipated defence and the claim (see Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments at
para 4.28).

Relative convenience and expense of trial

108 I first analyse the connecting factors with reference to the relative
convenience and expense of trial. There are two relevant aspects in particular
to consider: the location of the likely witnesses and the documents pertaining
to the inter-company loans.

(1) Location of witnesses

109 I bear in mind the following general principles. The court hearing an
application for a stay should not predetermine the witnesses the parties are
to call. It suffices that the defendant can show that evidence from foreign
witnesses is at least arguably relevant to its defence (see JIO at [67]). The
importance of the location and compellability of witnesses increases if the
main disputes revolve around questions of fact (see Rickshaw at [19]). The
location of witnesses is only significant for third-party witnesses who are
not in the employ of the parties, as it could give rise to issues of
compellability (see Dresdner at 69]).

110 The liquidators indicated their intention to call a witness to testify on
the nature of the Teldar guarantee agreement. They also plan to call the
plaintiff’s auditors to give evidence as the inter-company loan claims were
recorded in its audited financial statements. All their potential witnesses
are ordinarily resident in Singapore. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 6.5.3

The defendants did not identify any specific witness they might call to
testify on the inter-company loans. They only indicated the witnesses they
would call to testify in respect of the restructuring transactions. Given the
omission of the defendants to identify any possible witnesses they might call
to testify on the inter-company loans, it would appear that the location of
witnesses points in favour of Singapore.

(2) Location of documents

111 The liquidators stated that the inter-company loans were recorded in the
plaintiff’s audited financial statements and these documents are likely to be
in the possession of the plaintiff or its auditors. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 6.6.6

The question of Teldar and Athens’ involvement will inevitably feature in the
dispute over the inter-company loans and, on this, the defendants note that
the “agreements and judgments relating to Teldar and Athens” are “of
Indonesian origin”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 228

112 In John Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others [2009]
4 SLR(R) 428, the Court of Appeal regarded the fact of documents being located
in Indonesia as insignificant to the question of where the natural forum was.
Chao Hick Tin JA observed at [40] that “documentary evidence is, in this
modern age, easily transportable between jurisdictions” and that any
inconvenience occasioned by having to transport them could be addressed “by an
appropriate order for costs and disbursements”. The location of the documents
in this case is thus a neutral factor.

Substantive law applicable to the dispute

113 The governing law is always an important factor in determining the natural
forum because it is generally preferable, all other things being equal, that a
case should be tried in the country whose law applies, as Lord Mance noted in
VTB Capital plc v Nutritek International Corporation [2013] 2 AC 337 at [46].
There will be savings in time and resources if a court applies the law of its
own jurisdiction to the substantive dispute (see Rickshaw at [52]).

114 The liquidators submit that the law applicable to the inter-company loans
is Singapore law. It relies on the three-step test for determining the
governing law of a contract as set out in Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v
Turegum Insurance Co [2001] 2 SLR(R) 285 at [82] and endorsed by the Court of
Appeal in Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [36]. Under that test, the governing law of a contract
will be (a) that expressly provided for by the parties in the contract; or (b)
the implied choice of the parties as gleaned from their intentions at the time
of contracting; or (c) the system of law with which the contract has the
closest and most real connection. The liquidators submit that, because there
are no known written agreements for the inter-company loans, the governing law
of the loans must be the law with which the loans have the closest and most
real connection. That law is Singapore law because the loans were extended by
the plaintiff, a Singapore company, and were reflected in its unaudited
accounts. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 6.4.9

115 Before forming a view of the governing law of any claim, the court must
characterise “the true issue or issues thrown up by the claim and defence”
(see Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc (No 3) [1996] WLR 387 at
407).

116 As mentioned earlier, the identity of the natural forum has to be assessed
with reference to the anticipated defence. Although the defendants have not
filed a defence, they have in the course of this application purported to
explain the current status of the two inter-company loans. Those explanations
are relevant in determining the applicable law.

117 As regards the inter-company loan to the 2nd defendant, the defendants say
that there was no such inter-company loan because the amount of the loan was
in fact what was owed to the plaintiff under the restructuring transactions.
The defendants do not dispute that the plaintiff’s accounts do record a loan
extended to the 2nd defendant. In my view, whether the inter-company loan to
the 2nd defendant existed or not is a factual inquiry and does not raise
issues requiring the application of the governing law.

118 That leaves the inter-company loan to the 1st defendant. It bears
repeating that the fact of the loan is not disputed. The 1st defendant is,
however, relying on the alleged assignment to Teldar as a defence to liability
under the loan. The defendants submit that the transfer of the inter-company
loan from the 1st defendant to Teldar will raise issues of Indonesian law. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 216

They submit that the governing law of the Teldar guarantee is Indonesian law
and the liquidators have not disputed that.

119 It may not be entirely clear whether the law applicable to the dispute
over the 1st defendant’s inter-company loan is Singapore or Indonesian law.
Despite that, I do not think the fact that the court in Singapore may have to
address questions of Indonesian law should weigh significantly against its
hearing the case. Where the competing fora have domestic laws which are
substantially similar, or if the legal issues in a case are straightforward,
the identity of the governing law will be a factor of little significance (see
OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua Choon [2010] 4 SLR 904 at [33]).
For a start, I am not satisfied that there is any material difference between
the laws of the two jurisdictions on this issue. Both experts are ad idem that
under Indonesian law, the obligations under a contract cannot be assigned
without the express consent of the other party; if such consent is given, it
would then constitute a novation of the original contract. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Budijaja’s Expert opinion at para 4.3; Pascoal’s Reply Opinion at para 50

That is essentially the law in Singapore as well (see Linden Gardens Trust Ltd
v Lenesta Sludge Disposals Ltd [1994] 1 AC 85 at 103, cited in Cassa di
Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza SpA v Rals International Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 79
at [102]).

120 Furthermore, the resolution of this legal issue is fairly straightforward.
The 1st defendant does not dispute the existence of the inter-company loan
from the plaintiff. The legal issue is confined to the inquiry whether the
plaintiff had consented to Teldar taking over the 1st defendant’s liability
for the inter-company loan. This will in turn require an examination of what
amounts to consent under the applicable law. Even if Indonesian law is the
applicable law, there is no basis for me to conclude that this will
necessarily be a complex legal issue given the paucity of evidence on the
Teldar guarantee agreement and the absence of any suggestion to the contrary.

121 On the whole, I find that the governing law is a neutral connecting
factor.

Residence or place of business of parties

122 The plaintiff is incorporated in Singapore while the defendants are
incorporated in Indonesia. The geographical location of the parties does not
point strongly towards either jurisdiction.

Difficulties of enforcing a judgment in Indonesia

123 The defendants highlighted the fact that a foreign court judgment is not
readily enforceable under Indonesian law. Accordingly, the liquidators would
still have to commence fresh proceedings in Indonesia to obtain a remedy
against the defendants in Indonesia. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defendants’ Submissions at para 206

124 This cannot be a factor in favour of the Indonesian court as a forum to
hear the disputes. In Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale v Kong Kok Keong and
another action [2002] 1 SLR(R) 485 (“Bayerische Landesbank”), the argument was
that even if a bank was successful in its claim for monies under credit
facilities granted to the defendant, it would still have to enforce the
judgment in Malaysia where the defendant was resident; it would therefore be
more convenient to deal with liability and enforcement in the same forum. Lee
Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) considered that it was the bank’s choice where it
wanted to sue; it was not for the defendant to complain that enforcement would
be more difficult (at [13]). More pertinent to the present case is Ang Ming
Chuang v Singapore Airlines Ltd (Civil Aeronautics Administration, third
party) [2005] 1 SLR(R) 409 where, as in this case, there was some evidence
that SIA would not be able to enforce a judgment of a Singapore court in
Taiwan and would have to sue afresh (at [53]). Woo Bih Li J echoed Lee JC’s
observation in Bayerische Landesbank: any difficulty in enforcement was a
problem for the plaintiff and not for a defendant to raise in a stay
application (at [54]).

125 I agree entirely with these observations. In any event, it should not be
assumed that the liquidators will only enforce any judgment it obtains here in
Indonesia. The defendants assumed the liquidators might have good reason to do
so since both defendants’ assets are located in Indonesia. However, the choice
of forum for the purposes of enforcement is the liquidators’ prerogative.

126 Further, I should add that it is intuitively wrong for a defendant to
raise enforcement difficulties in aid of any stay application. As noted by the
British Columbia Supreme Court in Imagis Technologies Inc v Red Herring
Communications Inc, 2003 BCSC 366 at [36], such a submission suggests that the
defendants do not intend to discharge any judgment that may be obtained in
this jurisdiction. Otherwise, this factor would be irrelevant. It is obvious
though that no weight can be given to a party’s assertion that it will not
respect a judgment of this court. Hence, I agree with the observation at [37]
that difficulties in enforcement cannot per se be a factor in an application
for a stay of proceedings.

Conclusion on the natural forum for the inter-company loans

127 The location of witnesses points towards Singapore. While the applicable
law may point either way, that would be of no consequence to the stay
application given my finding that there is no material difference in the laws
of the two jurisdictions on the relevant issues. None of the factors point
towards Indonesia as the more appropriate forum for the adjudication of the
inter-company loans against the 1st and 2nd defendants. The defendants have
therefore not discharged their burden under the first stage of the Spiliada
test.

128 In addition, there is considerable overlap between the plaintiff’s claim
against the 2nd defendant for the restructuring loans and the inter-company
loan which makes it more expedient if both disputes are heard in the same
forum. Taking the 2nd defendant’s case at its highest, its defence is that the
inter-company loan does not exist independent of the restructuring
transactions. It would hence be incongruous for the 2nd defendant to apply to
stay this claim in favour of Indonesia when its defence is that there is no
such claim. The defendants’ case for partial stay is that both loans should be
examined collectively. Since the defendants have treated the inter-company
loans collectively, it stands to reason that both should be heard in the same
forum, ie, the Singapore court. Given my finding that the claim for the inter-
company loan against the 2nd defendant should not be stayed, on that ground
alone, the submission for a partial stay in respect of both inter-company
loans should be rejected.

129 In any event, it is the defendants’ case that the 1st defendant has taken
over the 2nd defendant’s liability for the restructuring transactions. It
follows that the presence of the 1st defendant will be required to determine
the identity of the party who is liable to the plaintiff for the restructuring
transactions. That being the case, it would make eminent sense for the claim
against the 1st defendant for the inter-company loan to be heard in Singapore
as well.

130 In the circumstances, for the reasons set out above, it would not be
appropriate to grant a partial stay in respect of the claims for the inter-
company loans.

Conclusion on the stay application

131 In the result, I dismiss the stay application in its entirety with costs
which I fix at $6,000 inclusive of disbursements.

Steven Chong

Judge  

David Chan and Tan Aik Thong (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Rakesh Kirpalani Gopal, Allen Lye and Wong Su Ann (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
first and second defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

