Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 50

Originating Summons  
No 1118 of 2014

In the matter of  
Encus International Pte Ltd  
(In compulsory liquidation)

and

In the matter of  
Section 329(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)  
Reg 3, 1995 Ed)

Between

| ENCUS INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD  
(in compulsory liquidation)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| TENACIOUS INVESTMENT PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| KOH BOON HWEE  
(3)| LIM KIM BOCK  
(4)(5)(6)| SIM BENG CHYEPI HOLDINGS LTDGCL HOLDINGS (BVI) LTD  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Contract] – [Contractual terms] – [Entire agreement clauses]

[Contract] – [Contractual terms] – [Implied terms]

[Insolvency law] – [Avoidance of transactions] – [Transactions at an
undervalue]

[Insolvency law] – [Avoidance of transactions] – [Unfair preferences]

[Insolvency law] – [Avoidance of transactions] – [Transactions contrary to
anti-deprivation principle]

[Credit and security] – [Equitable mortgage]

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Encus International Pte Ltd

  
(in compulsory liquidation)

  
v  

Tenacious Investment Pte Ltd and others

  

[2016] SGHC 50

  

High Court — Originating Summons No 1118 of 2014  
Judith Prakash, J  
12, 13 October 2015; 18 January 2016  

31 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Encus International Pte Ltd (“the Company”), is a company in
liquidation. By this application, it seeks to recover a valuable asset,
namely, shares in another company. The Company seeks a declaration that the
transfer of these shares to the first defendant has to be annulled as an
unfair preference or as a transaction at an undervalue or because it was
carried out in breach of the anti-deprivation principle.

2 In May 2013, the Company transferred 1,772,728 ordinary shares in a company
called DKE Precision Pte Ltd (“DKE”) to the first defendant, Tenacious
Investment Pte Ltd, as nominee for the second to sixth defendants. I shall
henceforth refer to the shares as the “DKE Shares” and to the second to sixth
defendants and one Mr Tan Piak Khiang (“Mr Tan”) as the “Investors”. The
transfer was purportedly effected pursuant to a Conditional Share Transfer
Agreement (“CSTA”) dated 26 January 2012 and made between the Company and the
Investors.

3 On 5 June 2013, the Company was placed under judicial management and on 25
October 2013 a winding-up application was filed. The Company was placed in
liquidation on 14 November 2013. Mr Wong Joo Wan (“the Liquidator”) was
appointed liquidator of the Company.

Background

4 The Company and its subsidiaries carried on the businesses of sheet metal
fabrication, sub-assembly, product design and engineering. At some point, the
Company entered into a 50:50 joint venture with another party which resulted
in the formation of DKE. The value of the Company’s 50% shareholding in DKE
lay in a profitable subsidiary in China.

5 At all material times, Mr Tan was the executive director of the Company.
Sometime in January 2011, Mr Tan approached the third and fourth defendants
seeking an injection of funds as the Company was experiencing financial
difficulties. The third and fourth defendants later brought the second, fifth
and sixth defendants into the negotiations with Mr Tan in relation to a
possible investment in the Company. In the transactions that ensued, Mr Tan
was part of the investing group and a party to the CSTA. He, however, is not
challenging the Liquidator’s efforts to recover the DKE shares and, therefore,
is not one of the defendants herein.

6 On or about 12 April 2011, the parties agreed to terms stated in an
Investment Term Sheet (“the Term Sheet”) which the third defendant circulated
by e-mail. The Company and the Investors were, at this time, represented by
the same solicitors, M/s Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”). The Term Sheet stated,
inter alia, that the Investors would invest $8.8m (“the Investment”) in the
Company and would receive some form of security which would be surrendered
(“the Share Transfer”) if the Company failed to meet certain profitability
targets in 2013 (“the Performance Standard”).

7 Subsequently, on 28 April 2011, the Investors and the Company entered into a
convertible loan agreement (“the CLA”) under which the $8.8m would be
disbursed as a loan that would be convertible into shares in the Company at a
fixed rate of $0.25 per share (“the Encus Shares”). It was contemplated that
the CLA would be accompanied by a charge over the DKE Shares (“the Share
Charge”). The CLA provided that conversion of the loan into the Encus Shares
would be mandatory upon completion of a whitewash procedure aimed at ensuring
that the giving of security would comply with s 76 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 2006 Rev Ed). The CLA contained an entire agreement clause.

8 At the time the CLA was signed, some of the Investors, including Mr Tan, had
already lent the Company $2,216,680.98. Between 29 April 2011 and 16 May 2011,
the Investors lent the Company further sums totalling $6.1m. On 5 September
2011, the Investors lent the Company $483,319.02 (thus bringing the total loan
amount up to $8.8m).

9 After the CLA was signed, the parties had further negotiations for the
purpose of completing and executing the Share Charge. Although a number of
whitewash procedures were successfully carried out in order to allow execution
of the Share Charge, in the end it was not concluded, as the Investors no
longer wanted it.

10 Instead, the Investors – now represented by RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP –
insisted that the security be given in the form of the CSTA, which included
new conditions under which the Investors would be allowed to insist on the
Share Transfer (“Transfer Events”). The third defendant explained in his
affidavit filed in the proceedings that the scope of the Transfer Events in
the CSTA had to be expanded beyond the non-achievement of the Performance
Target to include the possibility of insolvency situations of the Company and
Encus Shanghai. This was because in December 2011 the Investors had noted that
the Company’s financial performance was still poor despite the Investment and
that insolvency was therefore a distinct possibility.

11 The Term Sheet provided for a single Transfer Event which was the failure
to meet the Performance Standard. In contrast, there were seven possible
Transfer Events in the CSTA. Five of these new events related to insolvency.
The CSTA thus effected a significant broadening of the rights of the
Investors, departing materially from the original terms of the Investment.

12 The CSTA was executed as a deed on 26 January 2012, immediately after the
loan was converted into Encus Shares.

13 On 3 February 2013, relying on the Company’s insolvency, the Investors
invoked their right to have the Share Transfer performed. The Share Transfer
was effected on 3 May 2013 and the first defendant became the registered owner
of 1,772,728 DKE Shares. As stated, the Company now seeks to unwind this
transfer and recover the DKE Shares for the benefit of its creditors.

Plaintiff’s case

14 The plaintiff’s case is that the Term Sheet was superseded by the CLA, the
Share Transfer was performed pursuant to the CSTA alone, and that the Company
received no consideration under the CSTA. The plaintiff further argues that
the Company’s entering into the CSTA was motivated by a desire to place the
Investors, as creditors, in a better position in the event of the Company’s
going into liquidation. Consequently, the plaintiff argues that the Share
Transfer should be unwound:

(i) as an undervalue transaction under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2009 Rev Ed) read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act; or

(ii) as an unfair preference under s 99 of the Bankruptcy Act read with s
329(1) of the Companies Act; or

(iii) as a contravention of the common law anti-deprivation rule.

Defendants’ case

15 Although the defendants’ case includes a number of alternatives, their
primary case rests on an assertion that all the dealings between the parties
were governed by a master agreement which subsumed and supplemented the CLA
and CSTA. At an earlier stage in the proceedings, the defendants’ position was
that the alleged master agreement was partly oral and partly written, but
their final position was that the master agreement is fully embodied in the
Term Sheet. Thus, since the provisions of the Term Sheet and of the
(purported) master agreement are one and the same, there is no need to refer
to any separate master agreement.

16 The defendants’ main argument regarding s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act is that
the Term Sheet relates the Investment to the Company’s entry into the CSTA and
that the Investment was adequate consideration for the CSTA. Regarding s 99 of
the Bankruptcy Act, the defendants essentially contest every element of the
section.

17 Regarding the anti-deprivation rule, the defendants argue that the alleged
deprivation occurred before the commencement of winding-up, and is therefore
not caught by the rule.

The issues

18 The three main issues to be decided are:

(a) Whether the CSTA was a transaction at an undervalue;

(b) Whether the Share Transfer was an unfair preference; and/or

(c) Whether the Share Transfer and/or the CSTA breached the anti-deprivation
rule.

19 There is also a preliminary issue of whether the Term Sheet was superseded
by the CLA.

Did the Term Sheet continue in force after the CLA?

20 Since many of the issues in dispute relate to the effect of the Term Sheet,
it is worth addressing at the outset whether, on the basis that the Term Sheet
was in itself a valid contract, it retained this status until the CSTA was
signed. The plaintiff argues that the entire Term Sheet was “superseded” by
the CLA, while the defendants contend that the Term Sheet continued in force
and “[t]he CLA and the CSTA merely set out the mechanics for putting the Term
Sheet into effect”. The plaintiff’s argument is based on the effect of the
entire agreement clause contained in the CLA.

21 Clause 12 of the CLA provides that:

This Agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the Parties and
supersedes any previous agreements or arrangements between them relating to
the subject matter of this Agreement and it is expressly declared that no
variations of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and
executed by the Parties. [emphasis added]

22 The leading case on the effect of entire agreement clauses on prior
agreements is Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and another appeal [2007] 3
SLR(R) 537. In that case, the Court of Appeal held, at [35], that “an
appropriately worded provision would be acknowledged and upheld if it clearly
purports to deprive any pre-contractual or collateral agreement of legal
effect [emphasis added]”.

23 Cherie Hearts Group International Pte Ltd v G8 Education Ltd [2012] SGHC 70
is another case which considered the effect of an entire agreement clause. The
plaintiff in that case, a company which ran a chain of childcare centres,
sought to rely on an alleged “Overarching Agreement” which provided for the
acquisition of childcare centres which were not part of the plaintiff’s group
as well as for certain bonus payments to be made to the plaintiff’s founders.
However, the parties subsequently entered into various agreements containing
entire agreement clauses. Those later agreements made no mention of the
acquisition of the said childcare centres or of the bonus payments. The
plaintiff nonetheless argued that the “Overarching Agreement” continued in
force in respect of the terms not found in the later agreements.

24 After considering the agreements in question, I stated, at [107], that:

… the “entire agreement” clauses in the M&A Deed and the New Bonus Deed …
state that any previous understanding or agreement relating to the subject
matter of the M&A Deed/New Bonus Deed has been replaced by the M&A Deed/New
Bonus Deed and has no further effect. If an overarching agreement did exist
which contained a term relating to the acquisition of other childcare centres
or to the payment of bonus, then that agreement would have ceased to have any
effect when, respectively, the M&A Deed and the New Bonus Deed were concluded.
[emphasis added]

25 The parallels with the present case are obvious. The wording of cl 12
clearly purports to deprive any previous agreement of legal effect. Thus, the
Term Sheet would have survived the CLA only if it did not concern the same
subject matter as the CLA.

26 The subject matter of the CLA was the extension and conversion of the loan.
It provided for a loan of $8.8m which would be converted into Encus Shares at
$0.25 per share. This equates to conversion into a total of 35,200,000 shares.
Notably, the CLA did not give the Investors a right to refuse the conversion
once the Whitewash Exercise was completed and notice of the conversion served.
Thus, although it was a loan in form, the substance of the CLA was an
investment.

27 The Term Sheet’s subject matter is stated in the Investment Term, which
reads:

The investors will invest S$8.8 million (some of which has already been
extended as loans) for 35,200,000 ordinary shares of Encus at an issue price
of 25 cents per share.

This clearly relates to the same subject matter as the CLA, down to the
quantum of the loan or investment and the number and price of the Encus
Shares. Further, the terms which followed all had to do with matters
surrounding the Investment. It should be noted that of those terms, the terms
headed “Conditions of Closing” and “Payment” were in substance replicated in
the CLA as cll 4.1 and 5.1 respectively.

28 Given these clear similarities, it cannot plausibly be denied that the Term
Sheet was an agreement which “relat[ed] to the same subject matter” as the
CLA. Thus, in my judgment, upon the execution of the CLA, the Term Sheet was
superseded and deprived of all legal effect.

29 The defendants also argue that cl 12 of the CLA notwithstanding, an
important term of the Term Sheet survived. This term, bearing the rubric
“Security for Investment” reads:

The shares of DKE owned by Encus will serve as security for the investment and
will be surrendered to the investors if the consolidated net profit before tax
of Encus Singapore and Encus Shanghai (excluding DKE) is negative in 2013.

Calling this term the “Security Term”, the defendants argue that it was
preserved by the “Whitewash Procedure” in cl 7.1 of the CLA. I am not able to
accept this argument for three reasons.

30 First, the argument effectively asserts that the Security Term is severable
from the Term Sheet such that it can survive even when the Term Sheet as a
whole has been deprived of all legal effect. This cannot be right given that
the Security Term is parasitic on the Investment Term, which was certainly
superseded by the CLA.

31 Secondly, if the parties truly intended to keep any part of the Term Sheet
alive, it is difficult to see why they would have included cl 12, which
expressly invalidates prior agreements. The defendants’ counsel, Mr Eugene
Quah, was not able to explain this inconsistency. He could only state that
“that’s something to take up with [the defendants’] lawyers”.

32 Thirdly, the link between the term “Whitewash Procedure” and the Security
Term is tenuous. The Security Term does not mention the Whitewash Procedure.
The CLA likewise does not connect the Whitewash Procedure with the Security
Term; Schedule 1 of the CLA defines it simply as “the whitewash procedure
pursuant to s 76(1) of the Companies Act to be carried out by the Borrower”.
There is nothing to show that the term “Whitewash Procedure” referred
specifically to actions relating to the Security Term.

33 The plaintiff’s case is that “Whitewash Procedure” referred instead to
actions which were to be taken in preparation for the Share Charge, which the
parties were purportedly obliged to enter into pursuant to a collateral
agreement. Given the specific references to the Share Charge and its terms in
e-mails pre-dating the CLA (indeed, pre-dating the Term Sheet), as well as the
Directors’ Resolution passed on the same day as the CLA, this appears to be
the more likely explanation.

34 Finally, a brief mention should be made of a curious alternative argument
which the defendants made in their written submissions:

In the alternative, if the Court finds that the CLA made no reference to the
Security Term, the Defendants submit that the effect of [the] Entire Agreement
Clause was to confine the CLA to the subject-matter of the Loan and its
conversion. The CLA did not supersede the Master Agreement. The Master
Agreement remained alive … [emphasis added]

This seems unsatisfactory as a matter of logic. The raison d’être of an entire
agreement clause is to keep extraneous terms and agreements out of the
contract containing the clause, not to “confine” the effects of that contract
within that contract. Since the defendants have not provided any authority for
their novel argument – which is really a bare assertion – that argument can
only be rejected.

Should the CSTA be unwound as a transaction at an undervalue?

Did the CSTA create an equitable mortgage or other security and, if so, can it
qualify in principle as a transaction at an undervalue?

35 Before addressing the requirements of a transaction at an undervalue, it is
convenient to deal with the defendants’ argument that the CSTA created an
equitable mortgage and thus falls outside the scope of s 98 of the Bankruptcy
Act. The plaintiff in response argues only that the grant of security is no
less capable of being an undervalued transaction than are other kinds of
transactions.

36 The question of law which the parties have raised is not settled. The
defendants cite the holding of Millet J (as he then was) in Re MC Bacon Ltd
[1990] BCC 78 (“MC Bacon”), at 92, that:

The mere creation of a security over a company’s assets does not deplete them
and does not come within the paragraph [relating to undervalued transactions].
By charging its assets the company appropriates them to meet the liabilities
due to the secured creditor and adversely affects the rights of other
creditors in the event of insolvency. But it does not deplete its assets or
diminish their value.

On this reasoning, securitising an existing debt or other obligation can never
be a transaction at an undervalue.

37 The plaintiff points out that the English Court of Appeal in Hill v Spread
Trustee Co Ltd and another [2007] WLR 2404 (“Hill”) re-characterised, if not
implicitly overruled, MC Bacon. According to Arden LJ (with whom Sir Martin
Nourse and Waller LJ agreed, except on one unrelated issue), at [93]:

… It does not follow from this [Millet J’s holding] that a transaction
involving the grant of security can never amount to a transaction for no
consideration. In my judgment, it is no different from any other transaction
in that respect. … [emphasis added]

Her Ladyship went on to opine that Millet J had relied on the fact that fresh
consideration had been given in MC Bacon. She then found that the giving of
the security in Hill, for which there was no fresh consideration, did amount
to an undervalued transaction.

38 What the plaintiff did not point out, but which the defendants did, was
that a differently constituted English Court of Appeal in Feakins v Department
for Environment Food and Rural Affairs [2007] BCC 54 (“Feakins”) subsequently
chose (at [72]) to apply MC Bacon, making no mention of Arden LJ’s dictum in
Hill. Further, MC Bacon continues to be cited as the leading case in L Sealy
and S Worthington, Cases and Materials in Company Law (Oxford UP, 10th Ed,
2013) at 766–768, and was strongly endorsed by Prof Roy Goode in Principles of
Corporate Insolvency Law (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) (“Corporate
Insolvency Law”) at para 13-38.

39 Speaking for myself, I prefer the approach in Hill. While no doubt rare, it
is possible that a situation will arise in which security is given without
fresh consideration. The present case does not, however, require me to decide
which position is correct, or preferable, under Singapore law. This is
because, on the facts, the CSTA could not have created an equitable mortgage
or other security.

40 The defendants cite a number of authorities, including the Court of Appeal
case of Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire [2008] 2 SLR(R) 898
(at [15]), for the well-established proposition that an equitable mortgage can
be created by the deposit of shares together with a blank transfer form.
However, the crucial element that is missing here is that the fundamental
purpose of a mortgage, like other securities, is to secure a debt or other
obligation: EF Cousins and I Clarke, Cousins on The Law of Mortgages (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010) at para 1-05, citing Santley v Wilde [1899] 2 Ch 474.

41 The CSTA did not serve that function. First, it did not create a debt.
Secondly, the Company was under no obligation – whether under the CSTA, the
CLA, or the Term Sheet – to avoid insolvency or to be profitable. Insolvency
and unprofitability were simply events which would trigger the Share Transfer.
There having been no debt or other obligation for the CSTA to secure, it
cannot have created an equitable mortgage or other security, even though the
mechanism for creating an equitable mortgage was used. Instead, the CSTA was
no more than a contract for a conditional transfer of property, as its name
suggests.

42 Consequently, the CSTA is susceptible in principle to avoidance under s 98
of the Bankruptcy Act.

What was the relevant transaction?

43 Under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act, the question is not whether the Share
Transfer per se was at an undervalue but whether the entire transaction –
properly defined – was at an undervalue. The Share Transfer was done in
accordance with the CSTA. It follows that the transaction to be scrutinised
must be the CSTA and not the Share Transfer in isolation.

44 A further question is whether the CSTA forms part of a larger agreement,
such that it is that larger agreement which should be scrutinised as the
relevant transaction under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act. The answer to this
question is crucial because it determines whether the Investment, which was
agreed in the Term Sheet and disbursed long before the execution of the CSTA,
can stand as consideration for the CSTA.

45 The defendants argue that the CSTA and the Term Sheet formed a single
transaction and that that single transaction is what must be scrutinised under
s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act. I have held above that the Term Sheet was entirely
superseded and deprived of all legal effect by the CLA. On that basis, the
defendants’ argument obviously fails: at the time the CSTA was entered into,
there was no legally effective Term Sheet for the CSTA to form a single
transaction with.

46 Even if I am wrong in so concluding, I am nonetheless satisfied that the
terms of the Term Sheet and the CSTA are so radically different (as discussed
at [10]–[11] above) as to be irreconcilable. Consequently, the CSTA and the
Term Sheet could not form a single agreement even if the Term Sheet continued
in force.

Can an implied term be found in the Term Sheet which would entitle the
defendants to take the DKE Shares in the event of the Company’s insolvency,
thus allowing the Term Sheet and the CSTA to be reconciled?

47 The defendants argue, in addition, that the court should imply a term in
fact into the Term Sheet which would allow the DKE Shares to be taken in the
event of the Company’s insolvency. If such a term could be implied, there
might then be enough commonality between the CSTA and the Term Sheet for them
to form a single transaction, assuming (contrary to my finding above) that the
Term Sheet continued in force. In his oral submissions, Mr Quah went as far as
to concede that the implication of this term was crucial to the defendants’
case. The concession was rightly made.

48 In my view, the term sought by the defendants cannot be implied. In order
for the court to imply a term in fact, there must first be an appropriate gap
in the contract for the implied term to fill. As the Court of Appeal held in
Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193
(“Sembcorp”) at [94]–[95], per Sundaresh Menon CJ:

94 … not all gaps in a contract are “true” gaps in the sense that they can be
remedied by the implication of a term. There are at least three ways in which
a gap could arise:

(a) the parties did not contemplate the issue at all and so left a gap;

(b) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide a term for it
because they mistakenly thought that the express terms of the contract had
adequately addressed it; and

(c) the parties contemplated the issue but chose not to provide any term for
it because they could not agree on a solution.

95 In our view, scenario (a) is the only instance where it would be
appropriate for the court to even consider if it will imply a term into the
parties’ contract …

[emphasis added]

49 The term sought to be implied by the defendants does not fall within
scenario (a) in Sembcorp. On a plain reading of the Term Sheet, it cannot be
said that the parties failed to contemplate what events should count as
Transfer Events. They did contemplate that question, as evidenced by the
express wording of the Security Term which set out the sole Transfer Event
agreed on at the time.

50 Further evidence for this, although not strictly necessary, can be found in
the email dated 14 April 2011 sent by D&N, the parties’ lawyers at the time.
The relevant portion of the e-mail stated:

10\. … Pursuant to the Term Sheet, the DKE Shares will serve as security for
the investment by way of a Share Charge in favour of the New Investors [ie,
the Investors]. The New Investors may enforce the share charge and the DKE
Shares will be transferred to the New Investors in the event that the
consolidated net profit before tax of the Company and Encus International
Shanghai Co., Ltd (Encus Shanghai) (excluding DKE) is negative in 2013.I …
[emphasis added]

This e-mail was sent in the week before the Term Sheet was circulated and
confirms that the parties had directed their minds toward what the Transfer
Event(s) should include. The defendants have not adduced any evidence to
suggest that the Investors disagreed with the understanding of the Security
Term conveyed in D&N’s e-mail before agreeing to the Term Sheet as circulated
on 20 April 2011.

51 When all the evidence is considered, it is clear that not only does the
present case fall outside the (a)-type scenario in Sembcorp, it is not even a
(b)- or (c)-type situation. The parties did not neglect to provide a term
addressing the issue or fail to reach agreement on the said term. Rather, they
contemplated the question of what events should count as Transfer Events and
reached an agreement contrary to what the defendants are now advocating. There
can be absolutely no room for the implication of a term in fact in such
circumstances. Consequently, it is not necessary to consider whether the term
sought to be implied would satisfy the officious bystander and business
efficacy tests. However, based on the evidence analysed above, it is apparent
that the officious bystander test, at least, would not be satisfied: if
anything, the parties’ answer (or, at any rate, the Company’s answer) to the
officious bystander, when asked whether the term should apply, would have been
“Surely not.”

52 For the above reasons, the CSTA alone is the relevant transaction to be
scrutinised under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act.

Was the Company insolvent at the relevant time?

53 The relevant time for assessing the Company’s solvency is the time the CSTA
was entered into. Solvency is determined according to whether the corporate
entity concerned fails at least one of two tests: the balance sheet test or
the cash flow test. However, both may be relevant depending on the
circumstances of the case: Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v
Phay Gi Mo [2004] 1 SLR(R) 434 at [20]. The defendants argue that at the time
the CSTA was entered into, the Company was solvent under both these tests. It
appears to me, on the evidence, that the Company was insolvent by either
standard.

54 Regarding the balance sheet test, there is no disagreement between the
parties that the crucial question is whether the $5,406,000 owed to the
Company by its subsidiary, Encus Shanghai – and which the Company subsequently
waived – should be subtracted from the Company’s assets at the relevant time.
If it should be subtracted, the Company was insolvent under the balance sheet
test; otherwise, the Company was solvent under the balance sheet test.

55 The defendants are right to point out that hindsight should be used with
caution, as noted in Corporate Insolvency Law at para 4-33. However, it is
unnecessary to apply hindsight (specifically, knowledge of the subsequent
waiver of the $5,406,000) in order to conclude that the debt should be
disregarded when calculating the Company’s assets at the relevant time. The
plaintiff has highlighted several other strong factors, known to the parties
at the relevant time, which support that conclusion. Most significantly, the
debt owed by Encus Shanghai dated back to 2008, and had only increased between
2008 and 2011. Further, according to the defendants’ own evidence –
specifically, the third defendant’s e-mail dated 12 December 2011 – Encus
Shanghai was “on the verge of insolvency” and had incurred a year-to-date loss
of approximately $654,000 as at September 2011. It was therefore obvious, even
at the time the CSTA was entered into, that the prospect of Encus Shanghai
ever repaying its debt to the Company was a remote one. The sum owed by Encus
Shanghai should be disregarded, and this leads to the conclusion that the
Company was balance sheet insolvent.

56 Turning to the cash flow test, it is equally clear that the Company was
unable to pay its debts out of the liquid resources available to it, which is
the relevant test: Re Great Eastern Hotel (Pte) Ltd [1988] 2 SLR(R) 276 at
[71]. Although the Company did have overdraft facilities, in January 2012 the
available balance of the same was always insufficient to settle the Company’s
liabilities as they fell due. Further, as at 26 January 2012, when the CSTA
was entered into, the Company had received demands from at least three
suppliers and been served with one writ of summons by another supplier, in
respect of debts which had already fallen due, some of which had been owing
for many months. None of these debts had been paid and the total amount owed
to these four suppliers was some $177,327.59. Further, even a debt as small as
the $3,119 owed to One Legal LLC as at 10 January 2012 was not fully paid,
there being only $2,000 available at the time. The contemporaneous
correspondence of the Company’s financial officers made the Company’s parlous
financial position quite plain.

57 These debts are well-documented and were not disputed by the defendants.
Instead, the defendants argue, citing Corporate Insolvency Law at paras 4-16
and 4-20, that the appropriate test is whether the Company could have raised
the necessary funds by borrowing or by disposing of its liquid assets. The
defendants further argue that the Company could have paid off its debts had it
been able to obtain the trade receivables owing to it and drawn from its
remaining overdraft facility.

58 With respect, the defendants have misinterpreted Prof Goode’s comments at
para 4-16. There, Prof Goode quoted, with approval, a passage from the Federal
Court of Australia in Quick v Stoland Pty Ltd (1998) 29 ACSR 130 at 138, which
stated that the court would consider, inter alia:

All of the assets of the company as at that time in order to determine the
extent to which those assets were liquid or were realisable within a timeframe
that would allow each of the debts to be paid as and when it became payable.
[emphasis added]

Prof Goode then observed that “[t]he essential question is whether the
company’s financial position is such that it can continue in business and
still pay its way”.

59 Applying both the Federal Court of Australia’s and Prof Goode’s statements
to the present case, it is clear that that even if the Company had been able
to raise the required funds immediately, it would still not have been able to
pay its debts as and when they became payable, because those debts had already
fallen due and had been owing for some time. Further, the inability of the
Company to fully discharge even low four-figure debts shows that the Company
was practically unable to continue in business and pay its way.

60 Consequently, the Company was insolvent on both applicable tests at the
time the CSTA was entered into, which was the relevant time.

Was the CSTA a transaction at an undervalue?

61 The only question here is whether the CSTA itself provided consideration
for the Share Transfer.

62 Clause 2.2 of the CSTA stated that the Share Transfer would be done “free
of payment and … in consideration of the Investors converting the Convertible
Loan into shares of the Transferor”. This would appear to be good
consideration on the surface, although the value of that consideration would
remain to be calculated.

63 However, as discussed above at [26], it is clear from cl 7.2 of the CLA
that the Investors in fact had no right to object to the conversion of the
loan once the Whitewash Procedure was completed and notice served.
Consequently, the Investors were agreeing to do that which they were already
obliged to do, and the consideration given by the Investors under the CSTA was
wholly illusory. It is to the defendants’ credit that they have never argued
otherwise. Indeed, Mr Quah in the final round of oral submissions candidly
stated that if the CSTA was a standalone transaction, the defendants’ case
would fail on the undervalue point. This must be right.

Can the Defendants rely on the good faith defence?

64 Under Reg 6 of the Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act Provisions)
Regulations (Cap 50, Reg 3, 1996 Rev Ed), the court will not make an order
under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act if the transaction at an undervalue was
entered into in good faith for the purpose of allowing the Company to carry on
its business and the Company entered into the transaction with reasonable
grounds for believing that the transaction would benefit it.

65 As earlier discussed, it was obvious that the CSTA conferred no benefit at
all on the Company. Because of this, the Company had no reasonable grounds for
believing that the CSTA would benefit it. The second requirement not being
satisfied, the Defendants cannot rely on the defence.

Should the Share Transfer be unwound as an unfair preference?

66 It should be noted that under s 99 of the Bankruptcy Act, the focus is on
the actual transfer of value as opposed to the agreement under which the
Company undertook a legal burden. This was established by the English High
Court in Re Ledingham-Smith [1993] BCLC 635 (“Re Ledingham-Smith”). Morritt J
held, at 640g–h, that:

… The relevant things done by the Ledingham-Smiths were the agreement of 21
January 1990 and the three payments of £4,000. The agreement could not of
itself produce a preference in fact though its performance might. Thus the
relevant things done must be the actual payments on 30 January, 5 February and
12 February. … [emphasis added]

The rule accords with logic and common sense: before a transfer is actually
performed, it cannot be said that a promise to prefer puts a creditor in a
better position in the event of winding up. Unless the agreement to transfer
amounts to the creation of a security, the creditor remains in the same
position of having to prove the debt in insolvency.

67 Consequently, the question here is whether the Share Transfer itself, and
not the CSTA, was an unfair preference. This leads to an unusual interaction
between the undervalued transaction and unfair preference provisions.
Ordinarily, either s 98 or s 99 of the Bankruptcy Act will apply, but not
both. As stated in Corporate Insolvency Law at para 13-107:

… payment of a debt which does not exceed the amount due is not a transaction
at an undervalue, as the net asset position is unchanged, whilst to the extent
that the payment exceeds what is due to the creditor, he does not receive it
qua creditor and his liability, if any, arises under [the undervalue
transaction provisions], not [the unfair preference provisions].

68 Here, however, the entering into of the CSTA caused the Company to incur an
obligation for no consideration, reducing the Company’s net assets, while the
performance of the CSTA when the obligation to transfer was triggered gave an
advantage to the Investors qua creditors. Thus, the two parts of the
transaction – entry into the CSTA and performance of the CSTA – can be
impugned under ss 98 and 99 independently. Of course, it suffices, practically
speaking, that either provision is made out, as the same remedy (the return of
the DKE Shares) is sought under each provision.

Were the defendants creditors at the relevant time?

69 The plaintiff argues that the Share Transfer should be assessed as at the
date the CSTA was entered into, whereas the defendants argue that the Share
Transfer should be assessed as at the date the Term Sheet was entered into.
The defendants further argue that at that date, they were not creditors of the
Company, and the unfair preference provisions therefore cannot apply.

70 On the first point, both the plaintiff and the defendants are mistaken. As
stated above at [67], the focus of the inquiry is the Share Transfer itself.
Thus, the correct time for assessing the Share Transfer is neither the date of
entering into the Term Sheet nor the date of entering into the CSTA. It is the
date of the actual transfer of the DKE Shares, which was 3 May 2013. There can
be no doubt that the defendants were creditors on 3 May 2013: if nothing else,
they were owed obligations under the CSTA, in fulfilment of which the DKE
Shares were transferred. The definition of “creditor” for this purpose is not
limited to a person who is owed a monetary sum. Although the CSTA was liable
to be set aside – and should be set aside – at the application of the
liquidator, being a deed it remained enforceable until and unless it was set
aside. The CSTA therefore created obligations which were valid at the material
time, and this sufficed to make the defendants creditors.

71 For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that even if the
defendants were right that the time for assessment was the time of entry into
the Term Sheet, that would not mean that none of the Investors was a creditor
at the relevant time. On the defendants’ own evidence, some of the Investors
(specifically, the third and fourth defendants and Mr Tan) had already loaned
the Company more than $2.2m before the Term Sheet was entered into in April
2011. These defendants and Mr Tan, at least, would have been subject to s 99
of the Bankruptcy Act to the extent of the loans already disbursed at the
time. This situation would involve a more complicated inquiry; thankfully, it
need not be pursued any further.

Were the remaining requirements for an unfair preference made out?

72 The remaining requirements for an unfair preference are an intention to
prefer and a transfer falling within the applicable claw-back period. Both
requirements are easily made out because the Investors were associates of the
Company at the relevant time.

73 Section 101(6) of the Bankruptcy Act provides that a person shall be an
associate of a company if he – either alone or with his associates – has
control over the company. Section 101(9)(b) of the Bankruptcy Act provides
that such control will be present when a person is entitled to exercise or
control the exercise of one-third or more of the voting power at the general
meeting of the company. At the time of the Share Transfer, the Investors
together held 88% of the shares in the Company, and thus are deemed to have
had control over the Company under s 101(6) read with s 101(9)(b) of the
Bankruptcy Act. They were therefore associates of the Company at the relevant
time.

74 Consequently, the plaintiff can rely on both the presumption that the
Company had an intention to prefer and the extended claw-back window of two
years dating back from the commencement of winding up.

75 Regarding the presumption of an intention to prefer, the plaintiff has
correctly pointed out that the defendants have not adduced any evidence at all
to show that the Share Transfer was not motivated by an intention to prefer.
Instead, the defendants have only submitted that entry into the Term Sheet –
which is not the relevant transaction for the purposes of s 99 of the
Bankruptcy Act – was not motivated by an intention to prefer. It follows that
the defendants have failed to rebut the presumption of an intention to prefer.
I note too that once the Company’s desperate state became clear to them in
December 2011, if not earlier, the Investors were eager to protect their
position by expanding the Transfer Events in the CSTA. Their explanation that
the CSTA was needed because the Share Charge under the CLA would have been
difficult to enforce rings rather hollow in the circumstances.

76 Given that the relevant date is 3 May 2013, the Share Transfer did fall
within the two-year claw-back window measured backwards from the commencement
of winding up on 25 October 2013.

77 For these reasons, the Share Transfer was an unfair preference under s 99
of the Bankruptcy Act and can be unwound on that basis.

Were the Share Transfer and/or the CSTA in breach of the anti-deprivation
rule?

78 The anti-deprivation rule is an English common law rule which prohibits any
attempt to withdraw an asset on bankruptcy, liquidation or administration, in
order to prevent a reduction in the value of the insolvent estate to the
detriment of creditors. The rule was expressed in this way in the recent
English case of Belmont Park Investments Pty Ltd and others v BNY Corporate
Trustee Services Ltd and another [2012] 1 AC 383. The rule is founded on the
general principle that such a deprivation is contrary to public policy as a
fraud on the insolvency statutes.

79 The anti-deprivation rule has not been applied in any Singapore judgment so
far as I am aware, although its cousin, the pari passu principle, has. The
plaintiff’s position is that as the anti-deprivation rule was well established
in English law prior to 12 November 1993, it was received into Singapore law
pursuant to s 31 of the Application of English Law Act (Cap 7A) (1994 Rev Ed).

80 As I have already decided the plaintiff’s application in its favour on the
basis of the statutory regime, there is no need for me to consider the
applicability of the anti-deprivation rule, its extent, or the defences
available when it is raised.

Conclusion

81 I therefore decide this application in favour of the plaintiff and make the
following orders:

(a) There shall be a declaration that the CSTA is null and void and of no
effect as a transaction at an undervalue within the meaning of s 98 of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20) read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50).

(b) There shall be a declaration that the transfer of 1,772,728 shares in DKE
pursuant to the CSTA is an unfair preference within the meaning of s 99 of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20) read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50).

(c) The first defendant shall transfer 1,772,728 shares in DKE to the
plaintiff forthwith and, so far as is necessary, the second to sixth
defendants shall take all steps required to procure such transfer.

(d) The defendants shall pay the plaintiff’s costs of this application as
taxed or agreed.

Judith Prakash  
Judge

Smitha Menon, Daniel Tan Shi Min and Yu Kanghao (WongPartnership LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Eugene Quah, Abigail Cheng and Lydia Ni  
(RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

