Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 83

Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 166 of 2013

Between

| Ng Kong Choon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff/Appellant

And

| Tang Wee Goh  
---|---  
  
… Defendant/Respondent

In the matter of MC Suit No 11423 of 2013Y

Between

| Ng Kong Choon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Tang Wee Goh  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Striking out]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

[Statutory interpretation] — [Construction of statute] — [Section 35 of the
Subordinate Courts Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Kong Choon

  
v

  

Tang Wee Goh

[2016] SGHC 83

High Court — Magistrates’ Courts Suit No 11423 of 2013 (Registrar’s Appeal
(State Courts) No 166 of 2013)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
25 August 2014; 6 April 2015; 14 January 2016

29 April 2016 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This Registrar’s Appeal (State Courts) No 166 of 2013 (“RAS 166/2013”)
raises some points of general importance to motorists and their insurers.
Arising from a road traffic accident, repeated writs were filed by the
plaintiff, Ng Kong Choon (“NKC”), against the defendant, Tang Wee Goh (“TWG”).
Two of NKC’s writs, one for uninsured loss and another for personal injury,
were settled without adjudication on the merits. The present writ in NKC’s
name is a subrogation action instituted by NKC’s insurer, Allianz Global
Corporate and Specialty SE Singapore Branch (“Allianz”). The question for
determination in RAS 166/2013 is whether s 35 read with s 52(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCA”) applies to preclude
Allianz from suing through NKC to recover the cost of repairs to NKC’s
vehicle, especially after NKC had sued TWG twice to recover his uninsured loss
and damages for personal injury.

2 Section 35 of the SCA (“s 35”) prohibits the dividing of a cause of action
for the purpose of bringing two or more actions in the Subordinate Courts (now
the State Courts). For the statutory prohibition to apply, the cause of action
must be a single one. This judgment will consider: (a) whether one or two
causes of action arise out of a tort committed on an individual where that
tort results in damage to both his person and his property; and (b) whether
the statutory prohibition would bar the institution of subsequent proceedings
when the earlier proceedings were settled amicably without entering judgment
on the merits.

3 This judgment will also examine the two discharge vouchers executed by NKC.
In particular, the second discharge voucher was widely-worded and the query as
to its ambit is whether the language of this discharge voucher had effectively
compromised all claims in relation to the road traffic accident that NKC had
and/or would have against TWG. If this was indeed the case, then TWG would
have been discharged and released from the claim for cost of repairs, and the
present MC Suit No 11423 of 2013 (“MC Suit 11423/2013”) to recover the cost of
repairs (“the Repairs Writ”) must be struck out as frivolous, vexatious or an
abuse of the process of the court. In that event, s 35 does not arise for
determination. It is only if the cost of repairs falls outside of the second
discharge voucher that the court is required to consider s 35. Therefore,
logically, the resolution of this appeal calls for, first and foremost, a
construction of the second discharge voucher to determine its proper ambit and
effect.

Factual background

4 The brief facts are as follows. NKC and TWG were involved in a road traffic
accident. It is common ground that TWG’s vehicle collided into the rear of
NKC’s vehicle. The accident occurred on 28 May 2009, at about 7.45am, along
Loyang Avenue towards Changi Village outside Loyang Valley Condominium. The
two vehicles that were behind TWG’s vehicle were SFF 5753A (insured by AXA
Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd (“AXA”)) and JGQ 954 (insured by Pacific Insurance
Bhd (“Pacific Insurance”)). Although these two other vehicles were involved in
what appeared to be a chain collision, the writs that were filed concerned the
same two parties, viz, NKC and TWG, and the collision between their respective
vehicles, SJC 693R and SFA 8123A.

5 NKC, and his insurer, Allianz (pursuant to its subrogation rights), brought
three different claims against TWG. These claims were in respect of: (a)
insurance excess and loss of use (collectively referred to as “uninsured
loss”); (b) cost of repairs; and (c) personal injury. From the narrative
below, a grand total of five writs were filed in respect of these three
claims. The Repairs Writ is the last of the five writs.

History of the five writs

6 MC Suit No 7643 of 2010 (“MC Suit 7643/2010”) was filed by NKC to recover
his uninsured loss on 26 March 2010 (“the Uninsured Loss Writ”). This writ was
served on 30 March 2010. The uninsured loss claim was for $3,002.35 and this
claim was settled for a sum of $420.32. A discharge voucher was executed on 9
May 2011 (“the 2011 Discharge Voucher”). Although the 2011 Discharge Voucher
stated that the settlement was in respect of “all loss or damage”, there were
two endorsements on the document. The endorsements are reproduced at [24]
below. According to TWG’s insurer, NTUC Income Insurance Co-operative Limited
(“NTUC Income”), the endorsements were made by NKC and/or his then lawyers,
Oracle Law Corporation (“Oracle Law”). However, NTUC Income did not take issue
with the endorsements as it was accepted that in MC Suit 7643/2010, what NKC
had claimed for and what was settled was the claim for uninsured loss only.
The Notice of Discontinuance in respect of MC Suit 7643/2010 was filed on 12
July 2011.

7 Allianz paid the cost of repairs in the total sum of $4,888.23 on 9 July
2009. Allianz then proceeded to recover in subrogation the cost of repairs,
but NTUC Income rejected the claim on the ground that the driver of JGQ 954
(the last car in the chain), who was insured by Pacific Insurance, had
purportedly admitted that he had caused the chain collision. Allianz then
instructed Global Law Alliance LLC (“Global Law”) to issue proceedings against
TWG. In this regard, Global Law ended up issuing three separate writs. First,
MC Suit No 20269 of 2010 was filed on 4 August 2010 (“the August 2010 Writ”).
Before issuing the August 2010 Writ, Global Law wrote to TWG and NTUC Income
on 26 July 2010 to give each of them notice of Allianz’s intention to bring a
subrogation action to recover the cost of repairs. Attempts to serve the
August 2010 Writ on TWG personally were unsuccessful, and it duly lapsed after
six months of its initial period of validity. Thereafter, Global Law filed MC
Suit No 8560 of 2011, a fresh writ, on 4 April 2011 (“the April 2011 Writ”).
Again, the April 2011 Writ was not served within six months of its initial
period of validity. Notwithstanding that an order for substituted service was
granted on 5 May 2011, nothing appeared to have been done to effect
substituted service during the period of validity of the April 2011 Writ.

8 On 13 January 2012, NKC filed MC Suit No 1204 of 2012 (“MC Suit 1204/2012”)
to recover damages for personal injury sustained in the accident (“the
Personal Injury Writ”). The quantified claim amount was $400.20 being medical
expenses, transport and medical report fees. General damages and Public
Trustee’s administrative fees were also claimed. The Personal Injury Writ was
served on 2 February 2012. The claim for personal injury was eventually
settled at $883.71, and a discharge voucher was executed on 22 August 2012
(“the 2012 Discharge Voucher”). The Notice of Discontinuance in respect of MC
Suit 1204/2012 was filed on 25 October 2012. Notably absent from the 2012
Discharge Voucher were endorsements similar to those found of the 2011
Discharge Voucher. The terms of the 2012 Discharge Voucher are set out in [29]
below and I will return to them in due course.

9 Returning to the April 2011 Writ referred to at [7] above, Global Law had
attempted to effect substituted service of this writ in April 2012. By then,
however, the April 2011 Writ was already an expired writ. This point is not
controversial as there was no order extending the validity of the April 2011
Writ. The Memorandum of Service filed by Global Law showed that the April 2011
Writ was served on NKC by way of posting a copy of the same on NKC’s front
door and on the notice board of the Subordinate Courts on 2 April 2012 and 3
April 2012 respectively.

10 Global Law then wrote to NTUC Income on 25 May 2012 and in that
communication, Global Law made reference to the April 2011 Writ. Instead of
enclosing the April 2011 Writ, Global Law sent the August 2010 Writ.
Notwithstanding this oversight, the fact of the matter is that the April 2011
Writ had also expired by then. Not surprisingly, NTUC Income’s lawyers,
Lawrence Chua & Partners (“LCP”), responded on 30 May 2012 and requested a
copy of the order extending the validity of the August 2010 Writ. Global Law’s
letter of 5 July 2012 requested LCP to accept service of the April 2011 Writ.

11 On this occasion, LCP advised Global Law on 6 July 2012 that NKC had issued
two writs for uninsured loss and for personal injury, and that both claims had
been settled. As such, LCP took the position that NKC’s claim for cost of
repairs was res judicata. LCP promptly required Global Law to confirm that
NTUC Income would not be pursuing the cost of repairs claim. On 7 July 2012,
Global Law asked for documents pertaining to the settlements. On 3 August
2012, LCP advised that its stated position was based on the case of Henderson
v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100 (“the Henderson rule”).

12 On 23 May 2013, Global Law filed the Repairs Writ, the subject matter of
this appeal in RAS 166/2013. As stated, the Repairs Writ is a subrogation
action brought through NKC to recover the cost of repairs. TWG entered
appearance on 11 June 2013.

Summons No 9210 of 2013 to strike out the Repairs Writ

13 On 1 July 2013, TWG filed Summons No 9210 of 2013 to strike out MC Suit
11423/2013 (ie, the Repairs Writ) pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(b) and (d) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC 2006”). The supporting
affidavit covered two points: (a) that TWG was again being vexed for the same
cause of action by the Repairs Writ; and (b) that the Repairs Writ was in
breach of s 35.

14 At this juncture, I should refer to two arguments raised by counsel for
NTUC Income, Mr Roger Yek Nai Hui (“Mr Yek”). The first contention concerns
NTUC Income’s objection to the lateness of the Repairs Writ in that it
surfaced after NTUC Income had settled with NKC both of his claims. In
relation to those claims, NTUC was able to obtain contributions from the
insurers of SFF 5753A and JGQ 954 (ie, AXA and Pacific Insurance).
Effectively, NTUC Income’s share of liability was 15% as AXA and Pacific
Insurance had agreed to bear, respectively, 35% and 50% of the liability on
behalf of their respective insured. In this regard, NTUC Income’s point in
this appeal is that, as the last settlement had taken place a number of years
ago, it is not clear whether AXA and/or Pacific Insurance would now be
prepared to settle the cost of repairs on the same terms. In the absence of
any contributions from AXA and Pacific Insurance, NTUC Income would have to
bear the cost of repairs in full, and it is said that this would be grossly
unfair to NTUC Income and TWG.

15 Second is Mr Yek’s point on res judicata. The claims for uninsured loss and
personal injury were settled without proceeding to trial on the merits. As the
relevant MC Suits were settled without judgment being entered, there is no
room for the operation of what the High Court in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck
and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (at [17]) referred to as the umbrella doctrine
of res judicata and its three conceptually distinct though interrelated
principles (ie, cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel and abuse of
process). In this regard, it suffices to say for now that this appeal concerns
the statutory prohibition against claim-splitting that debars subsequent
actions, and that this statutory prohibition is quite different from the
doctrine of res judicata.

16 Before moving on, it is worth noting that while s 35 is found in the part
of the SCA that deals with the civil jurisdiction of District Courts, the same
provision would equally apply to Magistrates’ Courts by virtue of s 52(2) of
the SCA. It was accepted below that the legislative provision in s 35 applies
to actions filed in Magistrates’ Courts even though the District Judge did not
refer to s 52(2) in her written decision in Ng Kong Choon v Tang Wee Goh
[2013] SGMC 9. The SCA is now called the State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev
Ed), and the same provisions are found in ss 35 and 52(2) therein.

Decision of the District Judge

17 In the instant case, the District Judge took the position that two separate
causes of action had arisen out of the tort committed on NKC: one for personal
injury and another for property damage. With that understanding in mind, and
given the objective of s 35 (which the District Judge held was to prohibit
multiplicity of proceedings), the District Judge reasoned that in relation to
the cause of action for property damage: (a) the claim for uninsured loss and
the present claim for cost of repairs were facets of the same property damage
claim; and (b) the parties could not contract out of the operation of s 35 via
the endorsements on the 2011 Discharge Voucher (this point being common ground
before the District Judge). NKC had therefore breached s 35 by instituting MC
Suit 11423/2013 after he had already pursued in court (albeit settled) the
claim for uninsured loss in MC Suit 7643/2010. The ruling of the District
Judge is clear: that s 35 applies to the Repairs Writ even though there was a
without prejudice settlement and no judgment was entered in the action for
uninsured loss.

18 In striking out the Repairs Writ under O 18 r 19(1), the District Judge,
using the language of the Court of Appeal in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR
546, said that the Repairs Writ was “legally unsustainable”, as it violated s
35 which was a legal defence that would debar NKC’s claim for cost of repairs.

19 In coming to her conclusion, the District Judge relied on s 18 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). Sub-paragraph
(2) of this section states that the High Court shall have the powers set out
in the First Schedule. In turn, paragraph 9 of the First Schedule reads:

Stay of proceedings

9\. Power to dismiss or stay proceedings where the matter in question is res
judicata between the parties, or where by reason of multiplicity of
proceedings in any court or courts or by reason of a court in Singapore not
being the appropriate forum the proceedings ought not to be continued.

20 The District Judge considered paragraph 9 as an equivalent provision to s
35. With respect, this analysis is doubtful. The High Court is a court of
unlimited jurisdiction and there is no provision in the SCJA that prevents a
plaintiff from dividing his cause of action. In this regard and generally, I
wish to refer to Kaye J’s observations in Pioneer Concrete (Vic.) Pty. Ltd. v
L. Grollo & Co. Pty. Ltd.; Consolidated Quarries Ltd. v L. Grollo & Co. Pty.
Ltd. [1973] VR 473 (“Pioneer Concrete”) quoted at [50] below. Despite the
absence of any statutory rule, the High Court has the inherent power to
prevent repeated litigation of the same cause or matter in different actions
by staying proceedings or by joinder of actions generally or even by making an
appropriate costs order.

Issues in RAS 166/2013

21 As I had earlier alluded to in brief, there are two issues that arose for
consideration in RAS 166/2013. They are: (a) the compromise argument; and (b)
whether, independent of the compromise agreement, NKC’s present claim is
nevertheless prohibited by s 35 (“the s 35 issue”).

22 The compromise argument focusses on the interpretation of the 2012
Discharge Voucher. On this matter, the court would be looking at a settlement
that operates to settle all claims including the cost of repairs.

The compromise argument

The 2011 Discharge Voucher

23 As mentioned, NKC signed two discharge vouchers: the 2011 Discharge Voucher
and the 2012 Discharge Voucher. The scope and effect of the 2011 Discharge
Voucher is clear and, for this reason, it is the 2012 Discharge Voucher that
is the focus of the compromise argument. Be that as it may, a consideration of
the 2011 Discharge Voucher is desirable as it provides some context to the
2012 Discharge Voucher.

24 The 2011 Discharge Voucher was signed by NKC and witnessed by one Song Kok
Him. Its main text reads as follows: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lam Yee Fook’s Affidavit, Exhibit LYF-15.

CLAIM NO: MT/TP/MX/7448562

I/We NG KONG CHOON hereby acknowledge and agree that payment to me/us by the
NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED of the sum S$420.32 shall be full
satisfaction, liquidation and discharge of all claims whatsoever competent to
me/us upon TANG WEE GOH and/or NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED in
respect of all loss, injury or damage sustained by me/us whether now or
hereafter to become manifest arising directly or indirectly from an accident
which occurred on 28/5/2009 involving vehicles nos. SJC693R / SFA 8123A /
SFF5753A / JGQ 954.

I/We further acknowledge and agree that the aforesaid payment shall be made
without any admission of liability on the part of upon TANG WEE GOH and/or
NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED.

In addition to the main text, two endorsements were stamped on the face of the
2011 Discharge Voucher. The first endorsement simply reads: “WITHOUT PREJUDICE
TO INJURY CLAIM”, whereas the second states as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Saw Seng Kok’s Affidavit, para 10.

Our acceptance of your offer of settlement would not negate or prejudice our
insurer s right of recover under subrogation for “Own Damage claim paid to us
by them.

25 The 2011 Discharge Voucher settled the uninsured loss and, read with the
two endorsements, expressly reserved NKC’s rights vis-à-vis the personal
injury claim and the cost of repairs claim. Besides, NTUC Income’s affidavit
confirmed that MC Suit 7643/2010 was for the uninsured loss and what was
settled was only the uninsured loss.

26 There is nothing unusual about partial releases. John Birds, Ben Lynch &
Simon Milnes, MacGillivray on Insurance Law (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2015),
observed (at para 24-054) that “[i]t is possible to conceive of a release
being held to be, in its context, an incomplete release, so that there could
still be a claim, made on behalf of the insurers, in respect of that portion
of the loss which was covered by insurance”.

27 Similarly, in Foskett on Compromise (David Foskett gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2015) (“Foskett”), it is said (at para 22-04) that:

It does happen, from time to time, that a settlement is concluded by either
the insurer or the insured which seems to suggest that it represents a
complete settlement of both [insured and uninsured] losses. However, where it
is plain from the course of the negotiations that only one set of losses was
intended to be embraced by the settlement, there will be no bar to the other
claims being pursued.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

28 The comment in Foskett which I have emphasised above is a general
observation made without having in mind the rule against splitting of a single
cause of action into parts. I will be dealing with the District Judge’s
treatment of the 2011 Discharge Voucher in the context of s 35 below. Leaving
s 35 aside for the moment, a settlement, generally speaking, could well be
limited to specified claims, and a plaintiff is thus not precluded from
subsequently bringing other claims which fall outside the ambit of the
settlement. It is plain from the 2011 Discharge Voucher that two particular
heads of claims (ie, the personal injury claim and the cost of repairs claim)
were expressly excluded from the discharge and release.

The 2012 Discharge Voucher

29 I now turn to the 2012 Discharge Voucher. The 2012 Discharge Voucher was
executed by NKC and witnessed by one Ong Hwee Ling, Pauline. The main text of
it reads as follows: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Lam Yee Fook’s Affidavit, Exhibit LYF-22.

CLAIM NO: MT/TP/SS/7448562

I/We NG KONG CHOON hereby acknowledge and agree that payment to me/us by the
NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED of the sum S$883.71 shall be full
satisfaction, liquidation and discharge of all claims whatsoever competent to
me/us upon TANG WEE GOH and/or NTUC INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED in
respect of all loss, injury or damage sustained by me/us whether now or
hereafter to become manifest arising directly or indirectly from an accident
which occurred on 28/5/2009 involving vehicles nos. SJC 693R / SFA 8123A / SFF
5753A / JGQ 954.

I/We further acknowledge and agree that the aforesaid payment shall be made
without any admission of liability on the part of TANG WEE GOH and/or NTUC
INCOME INSURANCE CO-OPERATIVE LIMITED.

30 Unlike the 2011 Discharge Voucher, there are no endorsements stamped on the
2012 Discharge Voucher. Nonetheless, Mr Yek’s starting point was that the 2012
Discharge Voucher was worded in broad terms that effectively discharged and
released TWG from the present claim for cost of repairs. At first blush, there
was some merit to this argument. In the 2012 Discharge Voucher, NKC plainly
acknowledged and agreed that the payment of $883.71 was “full satisfaction,
liquidation and discharge of all claims whatsoever… in respect of all loss,
injury or damage sustained” [emphasis added]. On this basis, the Repairs Writ
could plausibly be struck out as frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of the
process of the court.

31 I begin with some general comments. First, there can be an abuse of process
in litigating issues which have already been determined in prior litigation or
concluded by way of settlement (see Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a firm) [2002] 2
AC 1). In the case of a settlement, the court will have to consider the nature
and scope of the settlement having regard to all the circumstances of the
case. Thereafter, it will apply a broad-based approach to see if, despite the
settlement, the later action is, in all the circumstances, an abuse of
process.

32 My second comment pertains to the nature of a general release. Foskett
explains a general release in the following terms (at para 5-23):

The release by one party of another from liability arising from whatever state
of affairs brought them into dispute is, of course, the very essence of
compromise. Usually, parties will wish to see a resolution that wipes the
slate clean and indeed that prevents further matters of disputation being
added to the slate. Many formulae have been devised to secure this objective,
some fairly short, some more extensive. Any such formula may be characterised
as a “general release”.

33 My third comment then relates to the interpretation of a general release.
The House of Lords in Bank of Credit and Commercial International SA v Ali and
others [2002] 1 AC 251 (“BCCI”) had the opportunity to consider what rule of
interpretation, if any, applies to a general release. The facts of that case
are different from the case at hand: at the time of the release, the facts
giving rise to the claim sought were not known to the plaintiff and the claim
was, in any event, not permitted in law. Notwithstanding, the various speeches
in the House of Lords are instructive in setting out the approach taken in
interpreting a general release. In this regard, Lord Bingham of Cornhill
stated as follows (at [8]):

I consider first the proper construction of this release. In construing this
provision, as any other contractual provision, the object of the court is to
give effect to what the contracting parties intended. To ascertain the
intention of the parties the court reads the terms of the contract as a whole,
giving the words used their natural and ordinary meaning in the context of the
agreement, the parties’ relationship and all the relevant facts surrounding
the transaction so far as known to the parties. To ascertain the parties’
intentions the court does not of course inquire into the parties’ subjective
states of mind but makes an objective judgment based on the materials already
identified.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In a similar vein, Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead stated (at [26], [28] and [29])
that:

Further, there is no room today for the application of any special “rules” of
interpretation in the case of general releases. There is no room for any
special rules because there is now no occasion for them. A general release is
a term in a contract. The meaning to be given to the words used in a contract
is the meaning which ought reasonably to be ascribed to those words having due
regard to the purpose of the contract and the circumstances in which the
contract was made. This general principle is as much applicable to a general
release as to any other contractual term. Why ever should it not be?

…

… However widely drawn the language, the circumstances in which the release
was given may suggest, and frequently they do suggest, that the parties
intended, or, more precisely, the parties are reasonably to be taken to have
intended, that the release should apply only to claims, known or unknown,
relating to a particular subject matter. The court has to consider, therefore,
what was the type of claims at which the release was directed. For instance,
depending on the circumstances, a mutual general release on a settlement of
final partnership accounts might properly be interpreted as confined to claims
arising in connection with the partnership business. It could not reasonably
be taken to preclude a claim if it later came to light that encroaching tree
roots from one partner's property had undermined the foundations of his
neighbouring partner's house. Echoing judicial language used in the past, that
would be regarded as outside the "contemplation" of the parties at the time
the release was entered into, not because it was an unknown claim, but because
it related to a subject matter which was not "under consideration".

This approach, which is an orthodox application of the ordinary principles of
interpretation, is now well established. Over the years different judges have
used different language when referring to what is now commonly described as
the context, or the matrix of facts, in which a contract was made. But,
although expressed in different words, the constant theme is that the scope of
general words of a release depends upon the context furnished by the
surrounding circumstances in which the release was given. The generality of
the wording has no greater reach than this context indicates.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

34 What comes across strongly in the above passages is that in determining the
scope of a release, the court must give effect to the intention of the parties
as ascertained from the context in which the release was given. The same
approach to construction resonates in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029.

35 Put simply, the generality of the wording in a release has no greater reach
than what is indicated by the context in which the release was given. What,
then, was the context in which the release was given, and what was the
intention of the parties as ascertained from this context? It is to these
questions that I now turn.

36 First, I note that, sequentially, the only writ that was outstanding and
that had been served on TWG on 22 August 2012 (ie, the date the 2012 Discharge
Voucher was executed) was the Personal Injury Writ, which was endorsed with a
Statement of Claim that was clearly dealing with a claim for personal injury.
In this regard, the Uninsured Loss Writ was no longer outstanding as the claim
had already been settled and a partial release was given by virtue of the 2011
Discharge Voucher. Likewise, the August 2010 Writ and the April 2011 Writ in
respect of the cost of repairs had expired for want of service. In this
context, the intention of the parties apropos the 2012 Discharge Voucher must
clearly have been to settle only the personal injury claim.

37 Second, NTUC Income had itself taken the position that the 2012 Discharge
Voucher was only intended to cover the claim for personal injury. NTUC
Income’s affidavit stated as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Saw Seng Kok’s affidavit, para 14.

LCP advised that [NTUC Income] settle liability for the injury claim on the
same terms as the settlement in the claim for uninsured loss. Instruction was
given to LCP to proceed as advised. LCP then wrote to [AXA] and Pacific
Insurance again regarding the Plaintiff’s injury claim and settlement was
eventually reached on the Plaintiff’s injury claim sometime in May 2012.

[emphasis added]

38 Even though Mr Yek argued that the wording of the 2012 Discharge Voucher
was wide, he did not press the point seeing that, on the facts and
circumstances, the 2012 Discharge Voucher was for the personal injury claim.
In my view, it cannot be said that the settlement of the personal injury claim
operated to settle the claim for cost of repairs. Even before the execution of
the 2012 Discharge Voucher on 22 August 2012, NTUC Income was aware that
Global Law was instructed to pursue the subrogation claim for cost of repairs.
TWG and NTUC Income received notification of the claim for cost of repairs on
26 July 2010. Subsequently, a copy of the April 2011 Writ was posted on TWG’s
front door on 2 April 2012. Thereafter, between 25 May 2012 and 3 August 2012,
Global Law wrote to NTUC Income and then communicated with LCP about the claim
for cost of repairs. Foreshadowing any positive advance, LCP warned Global Law
that any fresh action would contravene the Henderson rule (see [11] above).

39 To conclude, the discharge and release contained in the 2012 Discharge
Voucher was to settle the personal injury claim only and the cost of repairs
claim was outside the scope of the 2012 Discharge Voucher. In short, the
settlement of the personal injury claim did not operate to settle the cost of
repairs claim.

40 I now turn to the s 35 issue.

The s 35 issue

The arguments

41 Both Mr Yek and counsel for Allianz, Mr Liew Teck Huat (“Mr Liew”),
informed the court that there are no local cases on s 35. Mr Liew’s position
taken before the District Judge and in RAS 166/2013 was the same. First, a
wrongful act committed by a defendant and resulting in damage to person and
damage to property gives rise to one cause of action. Second, there was no
pending action at the time the Repairs Writ was filed. As such, s 35 does not
apply to the Repairs Writ. In his view, there must be two pending actions in
existence at one time for s 35 to apply. In contrast, Mr Yek argues that NKC
had impermissibly divided his cause of action in contravention of s 35 and
that the present action was rightly struck out even though the earlier suits
had been settled.

Object and ambit of s 35

42 Section 35 of the SCA reads as follows:

Division of causes of action

35. A cause of action shall not be divided for the purpose of bringing 2 or more actions.

43 The statutory language of s 35 contemplates one action for one cause of
action. The whole case which the plaintiff is entitled to make in respect of a
cause of action must be brought in one action in a court of limited
jurisdiction. The expression “[a] cause of action” in s 35 is referable to a
single indivisible cause of action. It is unlawful for a plaintiff in any
court of limited jurisdiction to divide his cause of action and sue one part
in the District Court and the other part or parts in the same court or another
court of limited jurisdiction, such as a Magistrate’s Court.

44 What is a single cause of action for this purpose is a question of fact. I
will elaborate on this later. Suffice to state for now that s 35 does not
apply if there are two or more causes of action. A case that aptly illustrates
the application of this statutory prohibition is Davidson v North Down
Quarries Limited [1988] NI 214 (“Davidson”), a decision of the High Court of
Northern Ireland. In that case, there was no breach of the provision that is
equivalent to s 35 because there were two causes of action. Nicholson J
followed the decision of the English Court of Appeal in Brunsden v Humphrey
(1884) 14 QBD 141 (“Brunsden”) and accepted the proposition that a wrongful
act resulting in personal injury and property damage gave rise to two causes
of action. I will return to the decision in Brunsden later in the course of
this judgment when analysing the elements of s 35.

45 Davidson is also notable because of its striking similarities to the
present case. The plaintiff in that case was driving his motor car when he
sustained a “whiplash” injury in an accident which did not involve any other
motor vehicle. His motor car was also damaged and he alleged that the
defendants were to blame for the accident. The plaintiff personally brought
civil bill proceedings against the defendants founded on the tort of
negligence in respect of his personal injuries only and these proceedings were
settled without a hearing on the merits. The plaintiff settled his claim for
the damage to his motor car with his insurer, which was then subrogated to his
rights against the defendants. The plaintiff’s insurer later brought civil
bill proceedings in the plaintiff’s name against the defendants based on the
tort of negligence in respect of the damage to his motor car after settlement
of his claim in respect of personal injury. A preliminary objection was taken
on behalf of the defendants on the basis of article 36 of the County Courts
Order (Northern Ireland) 1980 (S.I. No 397, N.1. 36), which read as follows
and which is substantially similar to s 35:

It shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide any cause of action for the
purpose of bringing two or more actions in any one or more than one county
court.

46 For now, I highlight two relevant aspects of the decision. The first is
that the defendants in that case had objected that the second proceedings were
res judicata and an abuse of process of the court. These arguments were
rejected as there was no adjudication on the merits and the plaintiff’s
personal injury claim was settled instead. That there can be no res judicata
without a determination of the merits harks back to the point made at [15]
above. The second matter to be highlighted is the plaintiff’s contention in
Davidson that the settlement in the first action was only in respect of the
personal injury claim. Nicholson J agreed with this submission and found that
the terms of the settlement of the first action contained an implied term that
the claim for insured loss was excluded from the settlement. However, there
was no bar to the plaintiff’s action based on article 36 of the County Courts
Order (Northern Ireland) 1980 as the plaintiff’s personal injury claim and
property damage claim, whilst arising from the same set of facts, gave rise to
two causes of action.

47 In this instant case, even though the District Judge held that the accident
gave rise to two causes of action, one for personal injury and one for
property damage, s 35 was found to apply to the subrogation action to recover
the cost of repairs because that claim was the same as NKC’s claim for
uninsured loss in that they both alleged the same kind of wrong. Furthermore,
s 35 was found to apply even though no judgment on the merits was entered into
in the first action to recover NKC’s uninsured loss. As stated, the District
Judge held that the prohibition in s 35 cannot be excluded by the agreement
contained in or evidenced by the 2011 Discharge Voucher.

48 I will examine two questions in this judgment:

(a) whether Brunsden should be followed in Singapore; and

(b) whether the statutory prohibition in s 35 would bar the institution of
subsequent and later proceedings when the earlier proceedings were settled
amicably without entering judgment on the merits.

49 Like the District Judge, I find that parliamentary debates are of limited
assistance in so far as s 35 is concerned. However, several foreign cases
provide a useful guide. I have already referred to Davidson where the court
looked at a similar statutory provision in Northern Ireland and the approach
taken by the High Court of Northern Ireland to claim-splitting.

50 A perusal of foreign cases dealing with statutory provisions that are
equivalent or similar to s 35 shows that the provisions are intended to
operate in courts of limited jurisdiction. In defining the limits of the
jurisdiction of such courts, a plaintiff who sues in a court of limited
jurisdiction is not permitted to indulge in claim-splitting of his single
cause of action in order to bring two or more actions. It is instructive, at
this juncture, to refer to Kaye J’s observations in Pioneer Concrete, a case
before a court of unlimited jurisdiction. Kaye J said (at 481) that:

It is significant that as long ago as 1846 the legislature saw fit to preclude
by statute a plaintiff from splitting or dividing his cause of action and
suing on one part in a County Court and on the other part or parts in the same
court or another County Court... The legislation of course did not affect and
has not affected the right of a plaintiff to do so in a superior court.
Moreover, similar provisions, under either statute or rules of court, still
operate in courts of limited jurisdiction. On the other hand, there is not and
has not been any similar provision, imposed by statute or rules, restricting a
plaintiff in courts of unlimited jurisdiction from so dividing his cause of
action.

In the event of a plaintiff initiating simultaneously two or more actions
derived from a common cause of action, and proceeding to have both or all
heard together, a defendant would not thereby suffer prejudice. Any additional
or unnecessary expense incurred by the defendant as a result of multiplicity
of proceedings derived from splitting could no doubt be properly provided and
compensated for by appropriate orders as to costs. On the other hand, should a
plaintiff having divided his cause of action choose to litigate his actions
separately, the defendant might then plead issue estoppel or res judicata or
both to the subsequent actions on the conclusion of the first action…

[emphasis added]

51 It is not without significance that the statutory prohibition against
dividing a single indivisible cause action is confined to courts of limited
jurisdiction. Provisions expressed in similar terms as s 35 appear in foreign
legislations governing courts of limited jurisdiction. It is immediately
evident that the provisions bear much similarity to the scheme of the SCA on
three main fronts: (a) jurisdiction of the inferior courts; (b) abandoning the
excess part of the claim to give jurisdiction; and (c) division of a single
cause of action.

52 To illustrate, I begin with the case of In re Aykroyd, in a Plaint of
Grimbly v Aykroyd (1847) 1 Ex. 479 (“Aykroyd”). In that case, the relevant
provision was the 63rd section of the Small Debts Act, 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95,
which read as follows:

that is shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide any cause of action
for the purpose of bringing two or more suits in any of the said courts; but
any plaintiff having cause of action for more than £20, for which a plaint
might be entered under this act if not for more than £20, may abandon the
excess, and thereupon the plaintiff shall, on proving his case, recover to an
amount not exceeding £20; and the judgment of the Court upon such plaint shall
be in full discharge of all demands in respect of such cause of action, and
entry of judgment shall be made accordingly.

53 Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 24 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2010) at para 767
refers to the latest County Courts Act 1984 (c 28) (UK). Section 35 of the Act
reads:

Division of causes of action.

It shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide any cause of action for the
purpose of bringing two or more actions in one or more of the county courts.

The other relevant provisions are the definition of “the county court limit”
in s 147(1) and the provision providing for the abandonment of the excess part
of the claim to give jurisdiction in s 17(1).

54 In Victor Romans v Bradley Barrett (1979) 28 WIR 99 (“Victor Romans”), the
Court of Appeal of Jamaica considered a similar provision in s 73 of the
Judicature (Resident Magistrates) Act which read as follows:

It shall not be lawful for any plaintiff to divide any cause of action for the
purpose of bringing two or more suits in any of the said courts; but any
plaintiff having a cause of action for more than six hundred dollars, for
which a plaint might be lodged under this Act, if such cause of action had
been for not more than six hundred dollars, may abandon the excess, and
thereupon the plaintiff shall, on proving his case, recover to an amount not
exceeding six hundred dollars, and the judgment of the court upon such plaint
shall be in full discharge of all demands in respect of such cause of action,
and entry of the judgment shall be made accordingly; and the plaintiff shall
in all cases be held to have abandoned any remaining portion of any debt,
demand, or penalty beyond the sum actually sued for in the plaint.

55 In Lun Tai Insurance Co. Ltd. and Lee Ying-Lin alias Lee Kwok-Kee [1965]
HKCU 85, the relevant provision was s 16 of the District Court (Civil
Jurisdiction and Procedure) Ordinance (Cap 336), which read as follows:

No cause of action shall be split or divided so as to be made the ground of
two or more different actions for the purpose of bringing two or more actions
in the Court.

56 In his judgment, Huggins J considered the decision in Aykroyd and noted
that:

The suggestion seems to be that in a superior court such multiplicity could be
punished by an appropriate order as to costs (and possibly in other ways) but
that in the County Court there was the further sanction that the claims could
be dismissed under the statute.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

57 Returning to Aykroyd, Pollock CB, in construing the subject provision,
considered (at 488─489) the “old rule of the common law as to the jurisdiction
of the county court”, and noted as follows:

At common law the county court held no plea of debt or damages to the value of
forty shillings or above… and if an entire contract or debt of 40s. or upwards
was severed into sums below 40s., a prohibition was granted… The reason given
is a very satisfactory one, for it would be extremely vexatious if a plaintiff
from whom goods had been purchased in small quantities at small prices at
different times, by distinct contracts, either payable immediately, or on
credit which had expired, instead of uniting all in one action, which he could
do after the debts were all due, should divide them into several and sue for
each in a separate action in the county court, which could give no adequate
relief by consolidating them, in the exercise of their equitable jurisdiction
(if they had any), as a superior court would, for they could not unite them so
as in the aggregate to exceed or be equal to 40s.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

58 While Pollock CB made it clear (at 488 and 490) that his task was to apply
the relevant provision and not the “old rule of the common law as to the
jurisdiction of the county court”, I am of the view that the above passage
nevertheless remains instructive in my determination of the purpose of s 35.

59 The Jamaican Court of Appeal in Victor Romans relied heavily on English
cases. Carberry JA, in prefacing his review of the authorities, noted (at
104), inter alia, the following:

Of greater importance is that a study of these cases show that the principle
at stake is far more fundamental and far more basic than the statutory
provisions in the County Court Acts or the Resident Magistrate's Court Acts:
the Acts merely recognise and give effect to the principle in a particular
context, that of a local court of limited jurisdiction. Simply and non
technically put, the plaintiff must bring forward all of his case at one time.
This principle flows from the basic nature of the common law, that cases are
conducted on a contest theory of litigation. The principle involved finds
expression in a multiplicity of fields in the common law, for example, in the
field of damages, the field of evidence, the field of estoppel per res
judicata, and the field of limitation of actions.

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

60 To Carberry JA, therefore, the purpose of the provision is to recognise, in
the context of a court of limited jurisdiction, the principle that a plaintiff
must bring forward all of his case at one time. This principle is taken
together with the principle of res judicata.

61 As stated, the scheme evident in the foreign provisions – jurisdiction of
the inferior courts, abandoning the excess part of the claim to give
jurisdiction, and division of a single cause of action – is similarly found in
the SCA albeit in separate sections of the legislation. There are sections
that set up and establish the jurisdictional limit of the District Courts and
the Magistrates’ Courts, and there are provisions allowing a plaintiff to
abandon any excess amount over the limit of the jurisdiction. Allied to the
provisions that give effect to the limited jurisdiction of the District Courts
and the Magistrates’ Courts is the requirement that a plaintiff with a single
cause of action must bring forward all of his case in one action. He is not
permitted to divide or split his cause of action by suing separately for
different heads of damage. This explains the statutory language of s 35 that
prohibits the division of a single cause of action for the purpose of bringing
two or more action in the Subordinate Courts (now the State Courts). For
convenience, the various sections referred to in this paragraph are set out in
Annex A to this judgment.

62 I should add that the prohibition against claim-splitting in s 35 is not
fettered by language (whether express or implied) that requires a final
judgment in the first action. Whilst a final judgment is required for an
application of the doctrine of res judicata, it is not a requirement imposed
by the rule against claim-splitting which does not fall within a conventional
res judicata analysis. Section 35 is a statutory prohibition that is allied to
the limited jurisdiction of the Subordinate Courts (now the State Courts) and
the management of cases within its jurisdiction. The test of claim-splitting
is not determined by whether there is a prior judgment but whether the
requirements of s 35 are satisfied (see [65] below).

63 To illustrate, the prohibition in s 35 applies to actions brought in the
District Courts or the Magistrates’ Courts. The civil jurisdiction of a
Magistrate’s Court is generally capped at $60,000 (see s 52(1A)(b) read with s
2 of the SCA). A plaintiff who has a claim for $100,000 based on a single
cause of action should therefore properly sue in a District Court. The rule
against claim-splitting that finds expression in s 35 requires this plaintiff
to assert the whole of his case based on a single cause of action in one
action in a District Court. Spreading claim amounts around in multiple actions
(for example, one action with a claim amount of $65,000 in a District Court
and a second action with a claim amount of $35,000 in a Magistrate’s Court) is
prohibited by s 35. The same prohibition applies where two actions with a
claim amount of $50,000 each are brought in the Magistrates’ Courts before
different judges.

64 What happens in a situation where the total claim amount is within the
jurisdictional limit of the Magistrates’ Courts and claim-splitting is
practised? This was the question expressly left open by Pollock CB in Aykroyd
(at 493). In my view, the answer to this question must be that s 35 likewise
applies to a division of a single cause of action. It is not possible for the
statutory prohibition to be circumvented in this manner for the reason that
the total claim amount is within the jurisdictional limit. Claim-splitting
contravenes the statutory rule that requires the whole case which the
plaintiff is entitled to make in respect of the same cause of action to be
brought in one action. There is public interest in protecting litigants from
being vexed more than once by what is really the same claim. To borrow the
words of Griffiths LJ in Buckland v Palmer [1984] 1 WLR 1109 (“Buckland”) at
1116:

[T]he rule against multiplicity of proceedings in respect of a single cause of
action is soundly based on considerations of public policy designed to prevent
the harassment of litigants by exposing them to the anxiety and expense of
unnecessary legal proceedings…

Requirements of s 35

65 I now turn to the elements of s 35. The first relates to the existence of
“a cause of action”; the second involves the word “divided”; and the third
concerns the phrase “for the purpose of bringing 2 or more actions”.

Single cause of action

66 Section 35 applies to a single cause of action. As stated, what is a single
cause of action for this purpose is a question of fact. In this case, the
question is whether the negligence of TWG that resulted in injury to NKC and
his vehicle gave rise to one or two causes of action. The District Judge ruled
that a plaintiff in a road traffic accident may bring a separate action for
damage to his property as distinct from injury to his person because the two
are separate causes of action. Having accepted that damage to property is one
cause of action, the District Judge treated the claim for uninsured loss and
the claim for cost of repairs as facets of damage to property. As NKC had sued
once for the uninsured loss, the Repairs Writ was brought in contravention of
s 35.

67 In Brunsden, a traffic accident occurred and the plaintiff sued the
defendant in the County Court for damage to his cab, by which he recovered a
certain amount. Subsequently, the plaintiff sued the defendant in the High
Court for injury done to his person. The majority of the Court of Appeal
allowed the action for personal injuries holding that it was not barred by a
payment for damages in respect of property damage recovered by the plaintiff
arising out of the same accident. The decision of the majority was concerned
with two separate causes of action. Brett MR held (at 145─146) that:

The collision with the defendant’s van did not give rise to only one cause of
action: the plaintiff sustained bodily injuries, he was injured in a distinct
right, and he became entitled to sue for a cause of action distinct from the
cause of action in respect of the damage to his goods: therefore the plaintiff
is at liberty to maintain the present action… Two actions may be brought in
respect of the same facts, where those facts give rise to two distinct causes
of action.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Agreeing with Brett MR, Bowen LJ held (at 150─151) that:

Two separate kinds of injury were in fact inflicted, and two wrongs done. The
mere negligent driving in itself, if accompanied by no injury to the
plaintiff, was not actionable at all, for it was not a wrongful act at all
till a wrong arose out of the damage which it caused. One wrong was done as
soon as the plaintiff’s enjoyment of his property was substantially interfered
with. A further wrong arose as soon as the driving also caused injury to the
plaintiff’s person. Both causes of action, in one sense, may be said to be
founded upon one act of the defendant’s servant, but they are not on that
account identical causes of action. The wrong consists in the damage done
without lawful excuse, not the act of driving, which (if no damage had ensued)
would have been legally unimportant.

[emphasis in original]

68 The majority’s decision in Brunsden is not without critics. Lord Coleridge
who gave the dissenting judgement in Brunsden said (at 152─153) that:

It appears to me that whether the negligence of the servant, or the impact of
the vehicle which the servant drove, be the technical cause of action, equally
the cause is one and the same: that the injury done to the plaintiff is injury
done to him at one and the same moment by one and the same act in respect of
different rights, i.e. his person and his goods. I do not in the least deny;
but it seems to be a subtlety not warranted by law to hold that a man cannot
bring two actions, if he is injured in his arm and in his leg, but can bring
two, if besides his arm and leg being injured his trousers which contain his
leg, and his coat-sleeve which contains his arm, have been torn.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

69 In Buckland, Griffiths LJ posed the following question (at 1115):

If as a result of an accident the cost of repairing the car is, say, £1,000
and the policy holder has agreed to bear the first £100 of the damage, can the
policy holder recover £100 in one action and the insurers recover the £900
which they have paid to their policy holder in another action or must both
sums be claimed in one action?

Griffiths LJ then proceeded to state (at 1115) that “[i]n [his] opinion the
general rule should be that both sums must be claimed in the same action”.
Moreover, he also stated (at 1116) that:

… it would in [his] view be quite impossible to contend that there are
separate causes of action in respect of different parts of the damaged
property and still less to suggest that there is a separate cause of action in
respect of the first £100 of damage to the property.

70 Brunsden was not followed by the Supreme Court of Canada in Cahoon v Franks
(1967) 63 DLR (2d) 274. In that case, the plaintiff sued the defendant in the
District Court of the District of Northern Alberta, Judicial District of
Edmonton pursuant to a traffic collision. Damages in the sum of $305 were
claimed, being the value of his vehicle destroyed beyond repair in the
collision. After the expiration of the statutory limitation period of 12
months, the plaintiff obtained an order giving him leave to amend his
statement of claim to include a claim for personal injury and transferring the
action to the Supreme Court. A further order was later obtained permitting the
statement of claim to be amended to allege that as a result of the defendant’s
negligence the plaintiff sustained certain injuries which left him totally
disabled and unable to work. The defendant appealed against these orders on
the basis that they raised a new cause of action. Delivering the judgment of
the Court, Hall J held (at 278─279) that he agreed with Porter JA in the court
below that Brunsden was no longer good law in Canada and ought not to be
followed. Consequently, the amendments did not set up a new cause of action.
In this regard, the following paragraphs from Porter JA’s judgment, which were
referred to by Hall J (at 277─278), are instructive:

It is important to bear in mind that it was the “forms of action” that were
abolished by the Judicature Act. To apply the Brunsden v. Humphrey case to the
facts here would be to revive one of the very forms of action which the Act
abolished. The cause of action or, to use the expression of Diplock, L.J. [the
Letang case [infra]], “the factual situation” which entitles the plaintiff
here to recover damages from the defendant is the tort of negligence, a breach
by the defendant of the duty which he owed to the plaintiff at common law
which resulted in damage to the plaintiff. The injury to the person and the
injury to the goods, and perhaps the injury to the plaintiff’s real property
and the injury to such modern rights as the right to privacy flowing from
negligence serve only as yardsticks useful in measuring the damages which the
breach caused.

…

… “The factual situation” which gave the plaintiff a cause of action was the
negligence of the defendant which caused the plaintiff to suffer damage. This
single cause of action cannot be split to be made the subject of several
causes of action.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

71 On this analysis, TWG’s negligence that resulted in the three claims
–uninsured loss, personal injury and cost of repairs – should give rise to a
single cause of action. Mr Liew’s submissions adopted this single cause of
action analysis.

72 For the reasons set out hereunder, I agree that only one cause of action
arises out of a single tort committed on an individual even though that tort
results in damage to both his person and his property. The factual situation
that gives a plaintiff in a road traffic accident a cause of action is the
negligence of the other driver which caused the plaintiff to suffer damage. In
my view, Brunsden is not good law in Singapore.

73 Local jurisprudence points strongly in favour of this. In the recent
decision of the Court of Appeal in Multistar Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling &
Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 1, which was delivered just three days before
parties last appeared before me, the Court of Appeal was called upon to
decide, inter alia, what constitutes a new “cause of action” within the
meaning of O 20 r 5(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed).
While the provision in question is undoubtedly not the same, I see no reason
why the Court of Appeal’s decision on the issue should not be instructive. In
this connection, the Court of Appeal held (at [34]) that “cause of action”
simply means the essential factual material that supports a claim.
Specifically, the focus is on the underlying facts and not the relief or
remedy (at [47]). In the present case, the underlying facts of the claim for
uninsured loss, the claim for personal injury and the claim for cost of
repairs are the same, ie, TWG’s negligence that caused the accident.

74 This reading is, in turn, entirely consistent with the Court of Appeal’s
seminal decision on the law of negligence in Singapore in Spandeck Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency [2007] 4 SLR(R) 100
(“Spandeck”). In Spandeck, the Court of Appeal established (at [71]) “a single
test… in order to determine the imposition of a duty of care in all claims
arising out of negligence” [emphasis in original]. Crucially, this single test
is “irrespective of the type of the damages claimed” [emphasis in original]
(at [71]) and should be applied “regardless of the nature of the damage caused
(ie, pure economic loss or physical damage)” (at [115]). In the context of the
test for the existence of a duty of care, Spandeck therefore did away with the
distinction between pure economic loss and physical damage. This, coupled with
the establishment of a single test in respect of all claims arising out of
negligence, inexorably urges the conclusion that negligence is one cause of
action, albeit with multiple possible heads of claim.

75 As stated, a single cause of action for the purpose of s 35 is a question
of fact. In the present case, the claim for uninsured loss, the claim for
personal injury and the claim for cost of repairs are essentially the same in
that they allege the same kind of wrong which is the negligence of TWG. Thus,
the term “cause of action”, for the purpose of s 35, has nothing whatsoever to
do with the defence that may be set up by TWG, nor does it depend on the
character of the relief prayed for by NKC.

76 There are situations where a common set of facts could give rise to
multiple causes of action. The decision of the Court of Appeal in Yan Jun v
Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 752 (“Yan Jun”) illustrates this. Whilst I do
not propose to go into too much detail, I observe that the plaintiff in that
case had, arising from his arrest by the police, claimed damages against the
Attorney-General for wrongful arrest, false imprisonment, assault and battery,
excessive use of force, malicious prosecution, abuse of process and
defamation. For the purposes of section 24A(2) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed), the Court of Appeal had (at [86]) divided the plaintiff’s claims
into two categories: claims for damages in respect of personal injuries and
claims for damages which were not in respect of personal injuries. However,
Yan Jun is distinguishable from the present case and, indeed, Spandeck
because, in that case, the common set of facts gave rise to multiple causes of
action in the proper sense of the term. This is not the same as a situation,
such as the present, where a common set of facts gives rise to a single cause
of action involving multiple heads of claim.

77 In my view, in the present case, there is only one cause of action in
negligence arising from the road traffic accident between NKC and TWG.

“Divided”

78 Section 35 uses the word “divided” in the past tense. In the context of the
rest of the section, NKC had acted in a way that “divided” his cause of action
into parts as exemplified by the issuance of three writs, each for a different
head of loss.

“For the purpose of bringing 2 or more actions”

79 As for the phrase “for the purpose of bringing 2 or more actions”, Mr
Liew’s argument is that this third limb of 35 is not satisfied in that: (a)
the first two writs that were filed earlier were settled and, as such, there
were no “2 or more actions” within the meaning of s 35; and (b) there was no
other pending action at the time the Repairs Writ was filed. To Mr Liew, s 35
applies only when there are proceedings in existence claiming damages based
upon a particular cause of action, and a second action is begun based upon the
same cause of action. Mr Liew’s interpretation would involve reading the word
“bringing” in s 35 as meaning “bringing and maintaining”. As highlighted by Mr
Yek before the District Judge, the word “maintaining” is nowhere to be found
in the provision.

80 In my view, there is nothing in the statutory language (express or implied)
that supports Mr Liew’s interpretation of s 35. I agree with the District
Judge that there is no statutory exception suffixed to s 35 stating, for
example, that the provision does not apply when there was no other pending
action. Mr Liew’s interpretation ignores the fact that NKC had acted in a way
that involved him having sued TWG twice previously in the Magistrates’ Courts
for the same negligence in 2010 and 2012. All three writs, the Uninsured Loss
Writ (2010), the Personal Injury Writ (2012) and the Repairs Writ (2013) were
served.

81 I am of the view that the subjective intention of a plaintiff to divide his
single cause of action “for the purpose of bringing 2 or more actions” is
objectively demonstrated by his act of filing and serving multiple writs. The
same would also apply where the plaintiff only files the writs but the
defendant either: (a) by agreement (whether express or implied) does not enter
appearance to the writs pending settlement negotiations; or (b) enters
appearance gratis such that the writs are deemed to be served pursuant to O 10
r 1(3) of the ROC 2006. As stated, there is nothing in the statutory language
(express or implied) that requires a prior judgment before the statutory
prohibition applies to the later action.

82 For the sake of argument, if there are concurrent proceedings, s 35 could
still operate to preclude the second action save that in such a situation the
plaintiff would still have the chance to apply to the court to amend the first
action in order to bring in the claim(s) of the second action. Objections to
the second action on s 35 grounds could be raised at any time without having
to wait until judgment on the first action. As stated, s 35 is not governed by
or subject to the doctrine of res judicata.

Application of s 35

83 I find that all the elements of s 35 have been satisfied in the present
case. The result is that the Repairs Writ was brought in contravention of s
35. A related question is whether the court has the power in appropriate
circumstances to allow the action to proceed. The statutory language is clear.
There is no statutory exception suffixed to s 35 providing, expressly or by
implication, for the exercise of discretion. My task is to apply s 35 and not
the common law “once and for all rule” that requires all claims generated by
or from the same cause of action be instituted in one action (see generally
the comments at [31] above). The rationale underlying the common law rule is
the avoidance of multiplicity of actions with the possibility of contradictory
judgments and the consideration that a defendant should not be vexed by
repeated legal proceedings brought by the same party and based on the same
cause or matter.

84 For completeness, I should mention that there were opportunities to include
all the claims in one action but nothing was done. Despite Mr Liew’s view that
NKC had one cause of action, claim-splitting was practised in this case. NKC
appointed Oracle Law and Allianz instructed Global Law.

85 I start with Allianz’s contention that it did not know about the settlement
of the claim for uninsured loss and the claim for personal injury. It is
pertinent to note that what Allianz does not say is that it knew for a long
time that NKC had three types of claims against TWG. That state of affairs was
clearly borne out by the contemporaneous documents before this court.
Correspondingly, from a very early stage (ie, on or before 30 June 2009),
NKC’s insurer was already keenly aware of the same three claims.

86 The Uninsured Loss Writ was filed and served in March 2010. On 30 June
2009, Oracle Law (acting for NKC) wrote to Allianz stating the following: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Lam Yee Fook’s affidavit, Exhibit LYF-5.

We act for your insured, Mr Ng Kong Choon, the owner of vehicle registration
no. SJC 693R which was involved in the above-captioned accident.

We write to inform you that we have been instructed to make a claim to recover
our client’s uninsured losses and other damages suffered as a result of the
above-captioned accident.

We write to request that you resist any third party claim(s) brought against
our client for the above-captioned accident. We will be grateful if you can
keep us informed on the development of the third party claim(s) brought
against our client (if any). Should you wish to exercise your rights to settle
any third party claim brought against our client, kindly ensure that the
settlement(s) is reached without prejudicing our client’s rights in their
third party claim.

[emphasis added]

87 What is evident from this letter is that, on or before 30 June 2009,
Allianz was informed of NKC’s uninsured loss. Moreover, the reference to
“other damages” would be to the personal injury claim. By the same token, this
letter also demonstrates that NKC was alive to Allianz’s subrogated claim (ie,
the claim for cost of repairs) once he received payment.

88 Allianz paid for the repairs to NKC’s vehicle on 9 July 2009. On the same
day, Allianz wrote to NKC to notify him that they were settling the cost of
repairs of $4,610.03 direct with the repair workshop. (The total sum of
$4,888.23 that was eventually claimed also included $278.20 in survey fees.)
By this letter, NKC was once again given notice of Allianz’s subrogated claim
for cost of repairs.

89 NKC then proceeded to file and serve, in March 2010, the Uninsured Loss
Writ. Separately, Global Law gave pre-litigation notices to TWG and NTUC
Income on 26 July 2010. The August 2010 Writ and the April 2011 Writ were
issued before settlement of the Uninsured Loss Writ on 9 May 2011. Global Law
tried to serve the August 2010 Writ in October 2010, but failed in its
attempts to do so. As for the April 2011 Writ, Global Law obtained an order
for substituted service on 5 May 2011 but did not take steps to effect
substituted service until April 2012. There was no explanation as to why
Global Law did not write to NTUC Income about the August 2010 Writ and the
April 2011 Writ before 9 May 2011. A year had lapsed before Global Law wrote
to NTUC Income about the April 2011 Writ on 25 May 2012.

90 The Personal Injury Writ was issued in January 2012 and it was served on 2
February 2012. It was formally settled on 22 August 2012 via the 2012
Discharge Voucher. As stated, Global Law wrote to NTUC Income on 25 May 2012
and Global Law was informed by LCP on 6 July 2012 that NKC had issued writs
for his uninsured loss and personal injury claim and that NTUC Income had
already settled both claims. At that stage, LCP had intimated its objection to
any subrogation action, relying on the Henderson rule.

91 On the facts of this case, Allianz would be hard-pressed to complain of
prejudice as a result of not being able to incorporate the present claim in
NKC’s earlier writs, as the state of affairs was largely due to the “fortuity”
of failed service and overall inattentive case handling along the way.

Contractual exclusion of the operation of s 35

92 The two discharge vouchers did not settle the claim for cost of repairs. As
between the parties they operated as partial releases. Allianz would not be
able to rely on the cost of repairs claim being outside of the settlement to
stop TWG from raising s 35 as a ground to object to NKC instituting the third
set of proceedings (ie, MC Suit 11423/2013). As a statement of principle, I
agree with the District Judge that parties cannot contract out of a statutory
prohibition. Likewise, as P. St. J. Langan in Maxwell on the Interpretation of
Statutes (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 1969) put it (at p 137):

To carry out effectually the object of a statute, it must be so construed as
to defeat all attempts to do, or avoid doing, in an indirect or circuitous
manner that which it has prohibited or enjoined: quando aliquid prohibetur,
prohibetur et omne per quod devenitur ad illud.

Observations

93 An insured’s duty is not to prejudice the insurer’s right of subrogation
(see, for instance, Seagate Technology Pte Ltd and another v Goh Han Kim
[1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 at [51]). By the same token, the insurer in exercise of
subrogation rights must remember that both the uninsured and insured losses
are based on a single cause of action and that judgment or settlement of the
claim for insured loss could prejudice the insured’s own claim for uninsured
loss. As the District Judge rightly points out, co-ordination between the
insured and his insurer in litigation is important and key.

94 Where personal injury is involved, the insured should bring his claim for
personal injury at the same time as the subrogated claim. Should there be a
concern that his injury could subsequently worsen, the insured may make an
application for provisional damages under s 18(2) read with paragraph 16 of
the First Schedule of the SCJA (see, for instance, Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai
Ling (by her next friend, Chua Wee Bee) [2011] 3 SLR 610). This power is
presumably extended to the District Courts pursuant to section 31(1) of the
State Courts Act and to the Magistrates’ Courts pursuant to section 52(1B)(a)
of the same legislation.

95 Typically, road traffic accident claims are relatively small and they ought
to be settled without litigation. The Court of Appeal, albeit in a different
context, has alluded to the public policy of encouraging litigants to settle
their differences rather than to litigate them to the finish (Greenline-Onyx
Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems Singapore Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 40 at
[14]), and I am in full agreement with this.

96 In this case, Notices of Discontinuance were filed after settlement. One
approach that could have been adopted was not to discontinue the action but
for the settlement to provide for a stay of the action pending amendment of
the writ to bring in other claims based on the same cause of action between
the same parties.

Conclusion

97 For the reasons stated, RAS 166/2103 is dismissed with costs. MC Suit
11423/2013 stands as struck out.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Liew Teck Huat and Thaddeus Oh (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the
plaintiff/appellant;  
Roger Yek Nai Hui and Cindy Cham (Lawrence Chua Practice LLC) for the
defendant/respondent.

  
  

Annex A

| Subordinate Courts Act(Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)| State Courts Act(Cap 321, 2007
Rev Ed)  
---|---|---  
(as of 23 May 2013, the date of filing of the Repairs Writ)|  
No dividing of cause of action(District Court)| Section 35| Section 35  
No dividing of cause of action(Magistrate’s Court)| Section 35 read with
section 52(2)| Section 35 read with section 52(2)  
Jurisdictional limit(District Court)| Section 19(4) read with section 2|
Section 19(4) read with section 2  
Jurisdictional limit(Magistrate’s Court)| Section 52(1A) read with section 2|
Section 52(1A) read with section 2  
Abandoning excess(District Court)| Section 22| Section 22  
Abandoning excess(Magistrate’s Court)| Section 22 read with section 52(2)|
Section 22 read with section 52(2)  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

