Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 255

Tribunal Appeal No 6 of 2016

In the Matter of Section 115 and 117 of the Employment Act (Cap 91)

And

In the Matter of MOM Case No 2015014027E-001/A201514034G-001

Between

1\. Asnah @ Lee Li Zhen

2\. Chua Guan Soon

All trading in the style of Beauty Hair

… Applicants

And

Jin Ting

… Respondent

judgment

[Employment Law] — [Pay] — [Recovery]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Asnah and another

  
(trading as Beauty Hair)

  
v  

Jin Ting

[2016] SGHC 255

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 6 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
7 October 2016

17 November 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This judgment concerns the applicants’ appeal against the decision of the
Assistant Commissioner for Labour (‘the ACL’) awarding $5,212.59 of unpaid
salary to the respondent. The first and second applicants (“the applicants”)
are partners of a beauty salon located in Clementi known as ‘Beauty Hair’
(“the salon”). The respondent is a Chinese national who came to Singapore
under an S-Pass to work as a beautician in the salon. It is not disputed that
the respondent’s monthly salary was $2,600. The respondent worked for the
applicants between August 2015 and November 2015 before her services were
terminated because the first applicant found her to be an unsatisfactory
employee. There are disputes over the respondent’s start and end dates with
the salon.

2 On 14 November 2015, the applicants terminated the respondent’s S-Pass. On
16 December 2015, the respondent and her employment agency, CS International
Employment Service Pte Ltd, signed an agreement known as a Refund Agreement
(“the Refund Agreement”). On 30 December 2015, about a month after her
termination, the respondent complained to the Ministry of Manpower (‘MOM’)
that she had not been paid her salary from 19 August 2015 to 13 November 2015.

3 Pursuant to s 120 of the Employment Act (Cap 91, 2009 Rev Ed), the parties
appeared in person before the ACL. The hearing before the ACL lasted four days
but the first applicant was unable to attend the second, third and fourth day
of hearings due to her pregnancy. She indicated this at the end of the first
day of hearings before the ACL. With the first applicant’s consent, the second
applicant conducted the proceedings in her absence.

4 Before the ACL, the respondent claimed to have started work at the salon on
19 August 2015 and that her last day of work was 13 November 2015. The
respondent claimed to have only received $876.30 from the applicants in
October 2015 and sought to recover the rest of her unpaid salary for the
duration she worked for the salon.

5 In response, the applicants averred that the respondent’s claim was baseless
and unsupported by any evidence. The applicants disagreed that the respondent
started work from 19 August 2015. They claimed that the respondent only
started work at the salon from 29 August 2015 after undergoing a period of
training at the salon. Secondly, the applicants claimed that they had paid the
respondent’s salary up to October 2015 and that only salary for November 2015
was left outstanding. The applicants alleged that they paid the respondent her
salary in cash and that the respondent had signed a payment voucher each time
she was paid. These payment vouchers were produced at the hearing before the
ACL and it was not disputed that the respondent’s signatures on the payment
vouchers were authentic. In response, the respondent’s averred that she was
made to pre-sign the payment vouchers for salary that she had not received and
that she did not understand the contents of as the payment vouchers were in
English. The details contained within the payment vouchers are summarised in
the table below:

Date of voucher| Description on payment voucher| Amount  
---|---|---  
29 August 2015| “Salary for 3 day” (sic)| $259.00  
30 September 2015| “Salary for 1 moNth” (sic)| $2,600.00  
29 October 2015| “01-October to 29 – 2015  
1 month salary”(sic)| $2,600.00  
31 October 2015| “30 OCTOBER to 31-2015  
2 Day only” (sic)| $167.74  
  
6 Thirdly, the applicants claimed that the respondent had taken loans
amounting to $450 from the applicants over the period of her employment. Some
of these loans were recorded in the salon’s record book which also recorded
the salon’s daily happenings. The respondent only admitted to borrowing $100
from the applicants that she claimed had been repaid.

7 On 18 May 2016, the ACL allowed the respondent’s claim and made an order for
the applicants to pay the respondent the sum of $5,212.59 being her salary
outstanding less the loan owed by the respondent. The ACL found that the
commencement date of the respondent’s employment with the applicants was 29
August 2015. Although the ACL doubted some parts of the evidence, she found
that the respondent started work on 29 August 2015 on the basis of the Refund
Agreement between the respondent and her employment agent that stated:

I, JIN TING, … was officially employed by BEAUTY HAIR on 29/08/2015…

[emphasis added]

8 In relation to the end date of the respondent’s employment, the ACL found
that the respondent’s last day of employment at the salon was 13 November
2015, ie, the day the respondent showed up at work but was asked to leave the
work premises. Moreover, the ACL observed that despite the disagreements
between the first applicant and the respondent prior to 13 November 2015, the
respondent had still been recognised as an employee of the salon up until 12
November 2015 on the salon’s record book which recorded the respondent’s rest
day on 12 November 2015.

9 The ACL found that save for $876.30 the respondent’s salary was not paid.
The $876.30 was received by the respondent in October 2015. With regard to the
payment vouchers produced by the applicants, the ACL held in her Notes of
Evidence/Grounds of Decision (NE/GD) from pages 99 to 102 that:

I had a lot of difficulty making sense of the vouchers and regrettably the
[applicants] were of no help.

…

The [applicants] had relied on the vouchers to show that salary has been paid.
Yet, they were unable to provide explanations for the many questions that I
and the [respondent] raised about the vouchers…

…

Given the perplexities that surrounded the vouchers I am unable to rely on the
vouchers as proof of payment. Further even if I should do so, how could I
accept the arbitrary figures written on them…

Accordingly, the ACL found that the payment vouchers could not be relied upon
as proof of payment and found in favour of the respondent claim that her
salary had not been paid.

10 The ACL recognised that the respondent borrowed $400 from the applicants.
The ACL arrived at this amount based on entries found on the salon’s record
book:

Date| Entry in record book  
---|---  
14 September 2015| “ting borrow $100 by cash frm Nicole hand” (sic)  
28 September 2015| “ting borrow $300/= by cash urgent need to pay Rental”  
  
The ACL also found that the respondent had returned $100 to the applicants.

11 In calculating the salary due to the respondent, the ACL excluded the two
days in November 2015 where the respondent was absent from work without reason
as recorded on the salon’s record book. The ACL applied the formula prescribed
in s 20A of the Employment Act and took into consideration the $300 loan
outstanding to the applicants in accordance with s 27(1)(f) of the Employment
Act. The ACL applied the following calculations in reaching her eventual award
to the respondent at page 127 of the NE/GD:

Salary payable

\- for 29 – 31 August 2015 ($2600/27) * 3 days S$288.89

\- for 1 – 30 September 2015 S$2,600.00

\- for 1 – 31 October 2015 S$2,600.00

less: salary received (S$876.30) S$1,723.70

\- for 1 – 13 November 2015 ($2600/26) * 9 days S$900

TOTAL AMOUNT OF SALARY PAYABLE S$5,512.59

Less: Amount of loan not yet repaid (S$300.00)

AMOUNT PAYABLE TO CLAIMANT S$5,212.59

12 After the ACL rendered her decision, the applicants obtained a stay and
filed the present appeal. On appeal, Mr Kang Kim Yang (“Mr Kang”), counsel for
the applicants, submits that:

(a) First, the ACL in her conduct of proceedings breached the rules of natural
justice and denied the applicants of a fair hearing;

(b) Secondly, the ACL’s finding that salary had been unpaid was against the
weight of evidence; and

(c) Thirdly and in any event, the ACL had miscalculated the amount of salary
owed to the respondent.

13 In response, Mr Lim Yong (“Mr Lim”), counsel for the respondent argues
that:

(a) First, there had been no breach of natural justice as the ACL had afforded
the applicants the opportunity to present their case;

(b) Secondly, the ACL had not misdirected herself in regard to the evidence
before her; and

(c) Thirdly, the ACL had calculated correctly the amount of salary owed.

Whether the ACL conducted the proceedings in a manner that breached natural
justice

14 Mr Kang argues that the ACL’s failure to adjourn the hearing after the
first applicant indicated that she would not be able to attend the second,
third and fourth day of the hearings due to her pregnancy was a breach of
natural justice. Mr Kang argues that this is so because the first applicant
was the main partner managing the salon and the ACL’s failure to adjourn
denied her the opportunity to conduct her own case, give full evidence or
answer allegations that were within her knowledge, particularly in relation to
the payment vouchers which were prepared by her. The applicants further claim
that the ACL’s failure to recall the first applicant also contributed to the
breach of natural justice.

15 In response, Mr Lim submits that there was no breach of natural justice.
First, Mr Lim argues that the first applicant attended the first day of the
hearings and had the opportunity to explain her defence and the payment
vouchers that were prepared by her. Secondly, Mr Lim submits that the first
applicant had not at any point during the hearings requested for an
adjournment but instead informed the ACL that the second applicant, who was
also a partner of Beauty Hair, would be taking over the conduct of the case in
her absence. It was also recorded on the NE/GD that the second applicant at
the hearing of 24 March 2016 informed the ACL that he was in the position to
represent the applicants and was able to get instructions from the first
applicant if necessary. There is no record on the NE/GD of the second
applicant asking for an adjournment.

16 In response, Mr Kang argues that the ACL should have adjourned the hearings
until after the first applicant’s confinement to ensure a fair hearing. This
is because it was apparent that the second applicant was not in the position
to conduct the case on behalf of the first applicant since he was not involved
in the operations of the salon. The applicants also allege that the second
applicant had made an adjournment request to the ACL but that this was not
recorded on the NE/GD. In that respect, the applicants raise doubts over the
completeness of the contents of the NE/GD recording the first applicant’s
intention for the second applicant to take over the proceedings. Mr Kang’s
written submissions at paragraph 12 state that:

…As to the ACL’s recording in the Notes of Evidence that the 2nd Applicant
informed her he could take over the case henceforth, since no audio
transcription was available and the notes of evidence was taken by hand, the
best explanation was that the ACL had regarded the adjournment request as
administrative in nature and had only recorded the final understanding that
the 2nd Applicant had acquiesced to proceeding with the hearing himself.

17 The Employment Act grants a wide discretion to the ACL in the conduct of
proceedings commenced under Part XV of the Employment Act. Section 119(2) of
the Employment Act states:

(2) In hearing claims or conducting proceedings under this Part, the
Commissioner —

(a) shall not be bound to act in a formal manner or in accordance with the
Evidence Act (Cap. 97) but may inform himself on any matters in such manner as
he thinks just; and

(b) shall act according to equity, good conscience and the merits of the case
without regard to technicalities.

[emphasis added]

18 Notwithstanding this broad discretion, the ACL must conduct proceedings in
a manner “as he thinks just” and according to “equity, good consciences and
the merits of the case”, and this must include complying with the rules of
natural justice such as the fair hearing rule. In proceedings before the ACL
under the Employment Act, the ACL is not required to conduct proceedings under
the Employment Act in the manner of a trial before a court but must conduct
proceedings in a manner that affords the parties a fair hearing. This entails
ensuring that:

(a) The party is aware of the case that he/she has to meet and the allegations
against him/her;

(b) The party is given not only a fair opportunity to present his/her own
case, but also a fair opportunity to correct or contradict the case and the
allegations of the other party; and

(c) If a significant point is taken against him/her by the tribunal, he/she
should have an opportunity to respond.

19 In the present case, I am of the opinion that the ACL had given the parties
a fair hearing. The first applicant had notice of the respondent’s claim
against her. She also had the opportunity to give evidence and be cross
examined on the first day of the proceedings before the ACL. Secondly and more
importantly, the first applicant was represented by the second applicant at
the proceedings in her absence. After the first day of proceedings, the first
applicant informed the court that her baby was due by the next hearing date
and stated that the second applicant would take over the proceedings. This was
recorded by the ACL at page 27 of the NE/GD:

ACL: Calling for an adjournment here. [Applicants], at the next hearing,
please bring the record book that you had referred to. The [Respondent] can
continue to cross-examine the [Applicants] then too.

(ACL gives adjournment date, etc. [First applicant] informs that as her baby
may be due by the next hearing date. [Second applicant] will be taking over.
ACL noted.)

20 At the hearing on 24 March 2016, the second applicant informed the ACL that
the first applicant was on maternity leave and resting. It was noted by the
ACL that the second applicant said that he was in a position to represent the
applicants or would be able to get instructions if necessary. This was
recorded by the ACL on page 28 of the NE/GD:

…[second applicant] informs that [first applicant] is on maternity leave and
resting. He informs that he would be in the position to represent the
[applicants] or is able to get instructions, where necessary…

21 When the ACL asked sometime during the proceedings on 24 March 2016 whether
the respondent wished to wait for the first applicant to come back to explain
the payment vouchers, the second applicant allowed the proceedings to continue
without voicing any contrary views on the matter. Having elected to have the
second applicant to represent her at the proceedings, the first applicant is
not in a position now to complain of a breach of the fair hearing rule. This
is because her interests were represented throughout the proceedings before
the ACL and it was open for her to provide information and instructions to the
second applicant to present at the hearing. Neither the first applicant’s
failure to do so nor the second applicant’s failure to consult the first
applicant about matters that arose in the proceedings amount to a breach of
the fair hearing rule.

22 Thirdly, the first applicant had not requested the ACL for an adjournment.
There was no adjournment request recorded during the proceedings on the NE/GD.
The applicants are also unable to rely on the email of the first applicant to
the ACL dated 21 March 2016 as a request for adjournment. The email states:

To: Officer in-charge,

This is [the first applicant]… I am writing to inform the court that I am
unable to attend the court session of the case…on 24 March 2016 9.30am as I am
giving birth on that day. My initial due date was on 29 March 2016 but due to
my poor health condition, the date is pushed forward and scheduled on 24 March
2016 on caesarean section by the doctor.

Thank you and I am sorry for the inconvenience caused.

23 In my view, the 21 March 2016 email from the first applicant merely served
as one which informed the ACL of her inability to attend the hearing on 24
March 2016 because she was due to give birth. It cannot be construed as a
request to the ACL to adjourn the hearing. I also find that Mr Kang’s
submission that the first applicant was not legally trained and did not know
how to ask for an adjournment does not pass muster. Even though I accept that
the first applicant was not legally trained, there is evidence which shows
that she knew how to ask for an adjournment of proceedings. This is seen in an
email to the ACL on 13 January 2015 where the first applicant wrote in to the
MOM for a postponement of proceedings:

Dear officer in-charge,

This is [the first applicant], I am writing to request to postpone the Inquiry
regarding case ref: 2015014027E. I am sorry for the late request…

24 Finally, the applicants’ attempt to cast doubts over the completeness of
the ACL’s recording of the NE/GD for the purpose of showing that the second
applicant had made a request for an adjournment is without merits. The
applicants have not provided evidence other than their bare assertion that the
ACL had not recorded the request on the NE/GD because the NE/GD was taken down
by hand and that the ACL only recorded the final understanding between the
parties. The NE/GD recorded by the ACL was 128 pages in length. Having perused
the NE/GD in the course of writing this judgment, I find that it captures many
details of the exchanges between the parties during the proceedings in a
coherent manner. I am therefore of the opinion that if the second applicant
had indeed made a request for an adjournment, the ACL would have recorded it
on the NE/GD. At the start of proceedings on the second day of the
proceedings, the ACL recorded at page 28 of the NE/GD in detail the
circumstances of the second applicant’s appearance and representation of the
applicants:

Claimant: In person.

Respondents: Represented by Chua Guan Soon ([second applicant] informs that
[first applicant] is on maternity leave and resting. He informs that he would
be in a position to represent the [applicants] or is able to get instructions,
where necessary.)

25 In the circumstances, any request for an adjournment or to take further
instructions from the first applicant would have been recorded. An example of
this raised by Mr Lim was when the ACL herself asked if the respondent would
like to wait for the first applicant to return before proceeding given her
knowledge of the payment vouchers. The NE/GD at page 35 records:

ACL: (To [respondent]) His partner is about to give birth and will be on
maternity leave. Do you want to wait for her to come back from maternity to
resume your case?

[Respondent]: I need my salary and I want to ask the [second applicant] and I
demand an answer. Were you the one who wrote the payment vouchers?

[Second applicant]: No, not written by me. It was written by my partner.

26 If the second applicant had asked for an adjournment, or requested to take
instructions from the first applicant, or had stated that he wanted to wait
for the first applicant to return from maternity to answer the questions
relating to the payment vouchers, this would have been recorded by the ACL as
a part of his response. Instead, the response recorded by the ACL was simply
that the payment vouchers were not written by him but by the first applicant.
I therefore find that the applicants fail to prove that the ACL had omitted to
record the second applicant’s request for an adjournment. Accordingly, I am
unable find that the ACL breached the fair hearing rule in the conduct of the
proceedings in this case.

Whether the ACL erred in finding that payment was not made to the respondent

27 As an alternative ground of appeal, the applicants allege that the ACL’s
finding that payment was not made to the respondent is against the weight of
evidence and that the ACL had misdirected herself in regard to the evidence
adduced. To substantiate this, the applicants rely on the following:

(a) First, Mr Kang submits that the respondent’s claim that she had not been
paid her salary save for $876.30 was a bare allegation that was unsupported by
any evidence. He juxtaposes this with the applicants who had produced
documentary evidence of signed payment vouchers that bore the signature of the
respondent. Mr Kang submits that although some of the payment vouchers
contained discrepancies, the ACL erred when she favoured the respondent’s
evidence over the applicants’. Mr Kang argues that the ACL erred by entirely
disregarding the signed payment vouchers on the basis of the discrepancies. Mr
Kang submits that the ACL further erred in finding for the respondent on the
basis of her bare assertion that she had not been paid her salary beyond
$876.30, a figure which according to the applicants, had not been proved by
any evidence.

(b) Secondly, Mr Kang points out that the respondent had not complained to the
applicants, her other colleagues, or to her employment agent that the
applicants had not been paying her and that the respondent only raised the
issue about a month after her employment was terminated. On the testimony
given by the employment agent before the ACL, the only salary issue that was
raised to him by the respondent was in relation to her salary for November
2015 and not concerning the preceding months.

(c) Thirdly, Mr Kang points out that the Refund Agreement entered between the
respondent and her employment agent included a part that discharged the salon
of further liability.

(d) Fourthly, Mr Kang argues that the ACL failed to consider the
inconsistencies within the respondent’s testimony before the ACL in relation
to the payment vouchers. In particular, Mr Kang submits that the respondent
had changed her reasons for the signed payment a number of times.

28 In response, Mr Lim argues that the ACL had not misdirected herself with
regard to the evidence and her decision should be upheld. Mr Lim submits that
the ACL had considered the documentary evidence, ie, the payment vouchers,
adduced by the applicants and the oral evidence given by witnesses before
arriving to her decision.

(a) First, Mr Lim argues that the ACL’s finding on the payment vouchers was
correct. He asserts that the four payment vouchers produced by the applicants
raised more questions than showed that the applicants had paid the respondent.
Mr Lim also points out that it was not merely the arbitrary figures or the
miscalculations that led the ACL to arrive at the conclusion that she was
unable to rely on the payment vouchers as evidence of payment. The ACL chose
not to rely on the payment vouchers due to the perplexities that surrounded
the vouchers as mentioned in the NE/GD at pages 99 and 100.

(b) Secondly, Mr Lim submits that the ACL had the benefit of listening to the
respondent’s testimony during the hearing and found her evidence to be
believable and true.

(c) Thirdly, in relation to the Refund Agreement, Mr Lim submits that the
applicants were not privy to the Refund Agreement as it was an agreement
between the respondent and her employment agency. Furthermore, Mr Lim submits
that there is no probative value in the Refund Agreement as it was only
concerned with the agency fees and the respondent’s return flight ticket and
did not touch on the issue of whether salary was paid by the applicants to the
respondent or otherwise.

29 The present appeal is by way of rehearing and the High Court has broad
powers over the decision of the ACL. The right of appeal to the High Court is
provided by s 117 the Employment Act which states:

Right of appeal

117\. Where any person interested is dissatisfied with the decision or order
of the Commissioner, he may, within 14 days after the decision or order, file
a memorandum of appeal therefrom in the High Court; for the purpose of any
such appeal, the decision or order of the Commissioner shall be deemed to be a
decision of a District Court.

As Section 117 of the Employment Act deems the decision of the ACL to be a
decision of a District Court, Order 55D r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 2014 Rev Ed), provide that such an appeal “shall be by way of rehearing”.

30 Having considered the submissions of Mr Kang and Mr Lim and the evidence
adduced by the parties, I am of the view that the ACL erred in finding that
the respondent had not been paid by the applicants. First, the respondent’s
claim that she was not been paid by the applicants save for $876.30 is
unsupported by any evidence apart from the respondent’s assertion. The amount
of $876.30 does not correspond to any amount on the payment vouchers or the
salon’s contemporaneous records. Furthermore, the respondent’s reliance on the
testimony of her colleague, Ms Liu Xiangmei (“Mr Liu”), to establish that she
was only paid $876.30 by the applicants on one occasion is misplaced. The
material parts of Ms Liu’s testimony are recorded on the NE/GD at page 57:

[Second applicant]: Just now you said that you remember once that the
[respondent] took from [the first applicant] some cash. How do you know it is
a monthly salary?

[Ms Liu]: Because that time, I saw her sign the voucher – I recognised the
voucher because I also signed the same thing – and after signing it, she
immediately received the money. So I presumed that that was the salary.

[Second applicant]: Was she forced to sign the payslip?

[Ms Liu]: No, not on that occasion, I was also signing the voucher then.

…

[ACL]: So you only saw money given to her once?

[Ms Liu]: That was the only time that I saw.

In my view, Ms Liu’s testimony only goes so far as to prove that the
respondent had signed a payment voucher and had been paid by the applicants on
one occasion. It does not prove that this was the only time that the
respondent was paid by applicants nor does it prove that the amount she
received was $876.30 since Ms Liu did not testify to the exact amount received
by the respondent.

31 Secondly, the payment vouchers are important documents and should not be
disregarded. The payment vouchers are the only documentary evidence of payment
being made and it is undisputed that the respondent signed them. Furthermore,
the respondent’s explanations as to why she had signed the payment vouchers
are not proved. The respondent alleged that she was cheated into signing the
vouchers, that they were falsified and that they were given to her to sign in
a stack at once. She was unable to produce any witness to show that she was
compelled to sign multiple vouchers or that she was cheated or forced into
signing them. In fact, Ms Liu, a colleague of the respondent, testified to
having seen the respondent sign on a payment voucher and receiving payment on
at least one occasion where she had not been forced to do so (see [29] above).
Ms Liu’s evidence is more consistent with the applicants’ case rather than the
respondent’s as it shows that a payment voucher had indeed been signed by the
respondent and that she had received payment at the same time on at least one
occasion. Nevertheless, although I recognise that the discrepancies contained
within the payment vouchers would have diminished their probative value, I do
not agree that they should be disregarded completely. The more reasonable
finding would be that the payment vouchers along with the evidence of Ms Liu
at the very least corroborates the applicants’ case that the respondent was
paid at the same time she signed the payment vouchers on at least one
occasion.

32 Thirdly, the respondent’s failure to complain of the non-payment of her
salary to anyone up to the time she lodged her complaint to the MOM undermines
the respondent’s version of events. The respondent has not produced any
evidence that suggests that she had complained about the non-payment of her
salary during the months from August 2015 to October 2015. Mr Chen Liangzhen
(“Mr Chen”), the respondent’s employment agent, testified that respondent had
raised to him a salary issue when he was negotiating the Refund Agreement with
the respondent in December 2015. However, this was only in relation to her
salary for November 2015 and she did not complain about the preceding months
of August, September and October 2015. The material parts of Mr Chen’s
testimony found on pages 73 to 77 of the NE/GD are reproduced below:

[Second applicant]: During her working with us, did she complain about
anything to you?

…

[Mr Chen]: She complained that she did not received salary for November 2015…

…

[Second applicant]: Before 16 December 2015, were there no complaints of
salary?

[Mr Chen]: There were. It was also about the November 2015 salary. That time,
she and the employer quarrelled very badly. I also didn’t want to interfere.

Mr Chen’s testimony that the respondent had only complained to him about non-
payment of her November 2015 salary as well as the respondent’s delay in
bringing the present claim against the applicants is evidence that further
undermines the respondent’s case.

33 More importantly, the Refund Agreement states that the respondent will not
pursue the matter (being her dismissal from the salon) further with the
applicants and will also not hold the applicants liable for the matter. Even
though I accept Mr Lim’s point that the Refund Agreement only involved the
respondent and her employment agency and not the applicants, I agree with Mr
Kang that it would highly unlikely that the respondent would have agreed to
sign an agreement that she “will not hold” her employment agency and her
employer “accountable for the matter” if it was indeed true that she worked
for nearly three months without pay and had yet to receive the bulk of her
salary at the time of signing the Refund Agreement. Accordingly, I find that
the ACL erred in finding that the respondent had not been paid her salary.

34 Given my findings above, the third issue raised by the applicants
concerning the miscalculation of the ACL does not arise as it concerns whether
the $876.30 allegedly received by the respondent included a loan repayment of
$100 as claimed by the respondent. The only remaining issue is to determine
the respondent’s unpaid salary for her work in November 2015 which the
applicants continue to be liable for. The applicants do not dispute that they
owe the respondent salary for November 2015. In the judgment below, the ACL
applied the formula prescribed in s 20A of the Employment Act and also took
into consideration the $300 loan that the respondent owed the applicants in
accordance with s 27(1)(f) of the Employment Act. In his submissions, Mr Lim
does not raise any arguments to the contrary. I therefore accept the ACL’s
calculations that the respondent’s salary from 1 to 13 November 2015 is $900
given her two days of absence from work without a valid excuse. I also affirm
the ACL findings on the $300 loan that the respondent still owes to the
applicants.

35 For the above reasons, I allow the appeal in part and set aside the ACL’s
award in part. After setting off the $300 unpaid loan owed by the respondent,
the applicants remain obliged to pay the respondent $600 for the respondent’s
work in November 2015.

36 I will hear parties on costs if they are unable to agree costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Kang Kim Yang and Heng Min Zhi (Templars Law LLC) for the applicants;  
Lim Yong and Tracy Wang Yi Shi (Lim Hua Yong LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

