Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 32

Tribunal Appeal No 13 of 2015

In the Matter of Section 8 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332)

And

In the Matter of Order 87, Rule 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5)

Between

The Polo/Lauren Company, LP  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

United States Polo Association  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Grounds for refusal of registration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Polo/Lauren Co LP

  
v

  

United States Polo Association

  

[2016] SGHC 32

High Court — Tribunal Appeal No 13 of 2015  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
30 November 2015

8 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the adjudicator (“the
Adjudicator”) in The Polo/Lauren Company, L.P. v United States Polo
Association [2015] SGIPOS 10 (“the IPOS Decision”), in which the Adjudicator
dismissed the plaintiff’s opposition to the registration of the defendant’s
trade mark. As noted at [12] of the IPOS Decision, this is not the first time
the parties have crossed swords; in Polo/Lauren Co LP v United States Polo
Association and another action [2002] 1 SLR(R) 129 (“Polo/Lauren 2002”), the
plaintiff unsuccessfully applied to set aside the defendant’s registration of
its trademark.

Background

2 The plaintiff is the registered proprietor of a family of trade marks which
comprise a single polo player in action (“the Polo Player Device”) used either
on its own or in conjunction with other words. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

BOD at p 78, para 4.

These trade marks are registered in a number of countries around the world for
a variety of goods and services. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

BOD at p 79, para 5.

Of particular significance is Singapore Trade Mark No T9604857H (“the
Opposition Mark”) which the plaintiffs registered in Class 9 for
“[s]pectacles, spectacle frames, lenses, sunglasses and parts and fittings
therefor”: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

BOD at pp 31-32.

![C:\\Users\\PHWTC\\Desktop\\Chambers\\TA 13 of 2015 - Polo Ralph v
USPA\\Tribunal\\Polo Lauren.jpg](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)

3 The defendant is the governing body of the sport of polo in the United
States and has been so since the 1890s. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Bundle of Documents (“BOD”) at p 847, para 5.

It has nonetheless ventured outside its origins as a sports association into
the sale of consumer products such as eyewear, luggage and clothing. On 17
October 2012, the defendant applied to register Trade Mark Application No
T1215440A (“the Application Mark”) in Class 9 for “[e]yewear; ophthalmic
eyewear frames; reading glasses; sunglasses; eyeglass cases and covers;
sunvisors (eyewear)”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

BOD at p 29.

The Application Mark comprises a graphical representation of two overlapping
polo players on horseback in a linear perspective (“the Application Device”).
The polo players appear to be in motion, with the front player raising his
mallet. The Application Device lies next to the text “USPA” (“the Application
Text”):

![C:\\Users\\PHWTC\\Desktop\\Chambers\\TA 13 of 2015 - Polo Ralph v
USPA\\USPA.jpg](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

4 The defendant’s application to register the Application Mark was accepted
and published in the Trade Marks Journal on 30 November 2012. On 29 January
2013, the plaintiff filed its Notice of Opposition to the defendant’s
application. The plaintiff cited four grounds in the Notice of Opposition but
ultimately proceeded on two before the Adjudicator – (a) that the Application
Mark had been applied in bad faith under s 7(6) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap
332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the TMA”); and (b) that the Application Mark was similar
to the Opposition Mark and was to be registered for goods or services
identical with or similar to those for which the Opposition Mark is protected,
and there existed a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public under s
8(2)(b) of the TMA. The plaintiff did not appeal against the Adjudicator’s
decision in respect of the former. Therefore I shall deal only with the second
ground of objection. Section 8(2)(b) of the TMA reads:

(2) A trade mark shall not be registered if because —

…

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

5 There was no dispute that the Opposition Mark, which was applied for on 14
May 1996, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

BOD at p 31.

is an “earlier trade mark” under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA. The Adjudicator held
that there was “only an extremely low degree of visual similarity between the
two marks in this case” and no aural similarity between the Application Mark
and the Opposition Mark. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The IPOS Decision at [81] and [87].

Nevertheless, she found the marks to be conceptually identical and on the
whole, she was of the view the marks were similar, albeit to a very small
degree. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The IPOS Decision at [95] and [97].

She also found identity between all the goods of the parties. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

The IPOS Decision at [100].

Because of the low degree of similarity between the marks and the nature of
the goods, which in the Adjudicator’s view would involve a higher degree of
care being exercised in their purchase, she found that there was no likelihood
of confusion under s 8(2)(b) of the TMA and accordingly dismissed that ground
of the plaintiff’s opposition. This forms the sole basis for the plaintiff’s
appeal before me. As the defendant does not contest the identity of goods, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 11.

I need only consider the similarity of the marks and the likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public.

Threshold for appellate intervention

6 A preliminary issue that falls to be determined is the role of an appellate
court in proceedings of this nature. The defendant submits that the IPOS
Decision should not be disturbed unless there has been a “material error of
principle”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 4.01.

It relies on Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp [2007] 2 SLR(R) 845
(“Future Enterprises”) at [5], where the Court of Appeal cited the following
holding of Laddie J in SC Prodal 94 SRL v Spirits International NV [2003] EWHC
2756 (Ch) at [19]:

It is not the duty of this court to overturn a decision of the Trade Mark
Registry simply because it comes to the conclusion that it might have decided
the case differently had it, that is to say the High Court, been the court of
first instance. It has to be demonstrated that the decision at first instance
was wrong in a material way; that is to say there must be some significant
departure from a proper assessment of the law or the facts. [emphasis added]

7 The Court of Appeal in Future Enterprises therefore held at [7] that due to
the highly subjective nature of the assessment required in s 8(b) of the TMA,
“an appellate court should not disturb the findings of fact of a trade mark
tribunal unless there is a material error of principle”, an approach which the
plaintiff conceded in its oral submissions to apply in the present case.
Nevertheless, as I had observed in MediaCorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia
Networks plc [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 (“MediaCorp”) at [26] and [27], the Court of
Appeal in Future Enterprises did not appear to have considered the effect of O
87 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”):

26 … The Court of Appeal in Future Enterprises did not appear to have
considered the effect of this provision. Nevertheless, the fact that such
proceedings are “by way of rehearing” [as stated in O 87 r 4(2) of the ROC]
does not necessarily mean that the appeal court’s decision is unfettered. An
appeal from the High Court to the Court of Appeal is similarly by way of
rehearing under O 57 r 3(1) of the ROC. However, the Court of Appeal will be
slow to upset an exercise of discretion by the trial judge (Golden Shore
Transportation Pte Ltd v UCO Bank [2004] 1 SLR(R) 6 at [44]). Further, with
respect to finding of facts, the Court of Appeal is generally reluctant to
interfere because the trial judge is in a better position to assess the
veracity and credibility of the witnesses (Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian
Tractors Co Pte Ltd [2001] 1 SLR(R) 53 at [22]). On the other hand, a
distinction is drawn between perception of facts and evaluation of facts, the
latter of which an appellate court is in as good a position as the trial court
to make an evaluation from primary facts (Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered
Bank [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]). However the authorities are clear that the
law pertaining to trade mark infringement is unique in that the final analysis
is “more a matter of feel than science” (Future Enterprises at [7]).

8 Similar observations were made by Chan Seng Onn J in Valentino Globe BV v
Pacific Rim Industries Inc [2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 at [9]–[11]. While his decision
was upheld on appeal, neither Future Enterprises nor MediaCorp was discussed.
Regardless, as was the case in MediaCorp, it does not make a difference as to
whether the appeal is to be by way of rehearing given the findings I made
below.

Similarity of marks

9 It is trite that the assessment of the similarity between marks is directed
towards substantive similarity, and comprises of three aspects – visual, aural
and conceptual similarities: Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd v Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd
and another and another appeal [2013] 2 SLR 941 (“Hai Tong”) at [40(a)]. The
broad principles that guide the court in assessing the likelihood of confusion
arising out of the similarity between competing marks and the parties’
services were laid down by the Court of Appeal in Staywell Hospitality Group
Pty Ltd v Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc and another and another
appeal [2014] 1 SLR 911 (“Staywell”) at [15]–[20]:

15 … Under the step-by-step approach, the three requirements of similarity of
marks, similarity of goods or services, and likelihood of confusion arising
from the two similarities, are assessed systematically. The first two elements
are assessed individually before the final element which is assessed in the
round. …

…

17 … The court must ultimately conclude whether the marks, when observed in
their totality, are similar rather than dissimilar. The three aspects of
similarity are meant to guide the court’s inquiry but it is not helpful to
convert this into a checkbox exercise in which a tick, however faint it might
be, in any one box must compel the court to find that the marks are similar
when a sensible appraisal of the marks as a whole would show otherwise.

18 … Congruously, there is no prescribed requirement that all three aspects of
similarity must be made out before the marks can be found to be similar … In
short, the criteria of visual, aural and conceptual similarities do not invite
a formulaic consideration; rather, they are signposts towards answering the
question of whether the marks are similar. Trade-offs can occur between the
three aspects of similarity in the marks-similarity inquiry ….

19 … A productive and appropriate application of the step-by-step approach
necessitates that the court reach a meaningful conclusion at each stage of the
inquiry.

20 Finally, on this issue, we reiterate that the assessment of marks
similarity is mark-for-mark without consideration of any external matter …
This means that at the marks similarity stage this even extends to not
considering the relative weight and importance of each aspect of similarity
having regard to the goods. This does not mean that the court ignores the
reality that the relative importance of each aspect of similarity might vary
from case to case and will in fact depend on all the circumstances including
the nature of the goods and the types of marks … Rather, such considerations
are properly reserved for the confusion stage of the inquiry, because that is
when the court is called upon to assess the effect of objective similarity
between the marks, on the perception of consumers. ...

[emphasis in italics in original, emphasis in bold italics added]

10 Since the defendant accepts that the Application Mark and the Opposition
Mark are conceptually identical, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions at para 9.

that is also not a matter which requires my consideration.

Visual similarity

The dominant component of the Application Mark

11 The plaintiff first says that the Adjudicator had erred in finding that the
Application Mark had no dominant component (see the IPOS Decision at [79]). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 57.

The factors which the Adjudicator considered to be relevant in assessing the
dominance of a component are that as set out in the IPOS Decision at [60]: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 62.

(a) The technical distinctiveness of the component: see Staywell at [28].

(b) The “size” of the component: see Hai Tong at [62(d)(ii)] and [62(e)(i)].

(c) The position of the component within the composite mark: see Hai Tong at
[62(d)(ii)].

12 The plaintiff argues that the Adjudicator had merely gone through the
factors as a “checkbox exercise” in “mechanically” arriving at her finding. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 63.

To the extent that it suggests that the Adjudicator did not consider these
factors in their totality, I am of the view that there is no basis for this
suggestion. It surely cannot be that the Adjudicator’s exercise of running
through each factor is in itself evidence of a “checkbox exercise”; indeed,
she would have been remiss not to. The Adjudicator was also careful to note,
consistent with the debunking of the “words speak louder” principle in Hai
Tong at [62(d)], that none of the factors were in themselves conclusive of the
dominance of a component. There is no evidence, in my view, that she had
placed undue emphasis on any of the factors.

13 The plaintiff submits that the Application Text does not possess a high
degree of technical distinctiveness when compared to the Application Device.
16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 62(i).

In this regard, it sought to distinguish invented words, which the public can
be taught to pronounce, from acronyms such as the Application Text which
although pronounceable, would not resonate with the public. It also says that
the Adjudicator had given insufficient weight to the relative sizes of the
Application Device and the Application Text respectively, as the former is “at
least two times bigger”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 62(iii).

Further, it says that the Adjudicator had failed to consider distinctiveness
in the ordinary and non-technical sense. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 64.

14 I first deal with the last of these arguments. The plaintiff seems to
suggest in its written submissions that the Adjudicator had failed to consider
distinctiveness in the ordinary and non-technical sense in determining the
dominant component of the Application Mark. To the extent that this is the
case, I am unable to agree. As explained in Staywell at [23], distinctiveness
in the ordinary and non-technical sense simply refers to what is outstanding
and memorable about the mark. There is no error in the Adjudicator’s failure
to consider distinctiveness in the ordinary and non-technical sense at this
stage – that is the very aim of determining the dominant component of the
Application Mark: see Staywell at [29]. As stated at [11(a)] above, what the
court is concerned with at this stage is technical distinctiveness, ie, the
capacity of the mark to function as a badge of origin.

15 In this regard, I do not find the distinction which the plaintiff drew
between invented words and acronyms, for which no authority was cited in
support, to be persuasive. I cannot see why an invented word would have a
greater capacity to function as a badge of origin as opposed to an acronym,
particularly where both are pronounceable and have no inherent meaning.
Neither do I see any error in the Adjudicator’s finding that the Application
Device and the Application Text “compare[d] well” in size, certainly not to
any extent that would render her finding as to the lack of a dominant
component in the Application Mark to be erroneous. While the Application Text
may have been smaller than the Application Device, as the Adjudicator notes at
[71] of the IPOS Decision, it was in a highly prominent location, lying
adjacent to the Application Device, and was of a size sufficient to stand out
on its own. For these reasons, I am similarly of the view that there are no
dominant components in the Application Mark.

The degree of visual similarity

16 The plaintiff says that even if there were no dominant component in the
Application Mark, the Adjudicator was wrong to have found that there was only
an extremely low degree of visual similarity. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 34.

This is because it was premised on her finding that there was only a small
degree of similarity between the Application Device and the Opposition Mark,
which the plaintiff submits to be erroneous. The plaintiff’s argument is that
because the Application Device also comprises of a polo player on horseback
with his mallet raised, it has adopted the whole of the Opposition Mark. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 35.

17 But it is clear from cases such as Clinique Laboratories, LLC v Clinique
Suisse Pte Ltd and another [2010] 4 SLR 510 (“CLINIQUE” versus “CLINIQUE
SUISSE”) and Ozone Community Corp v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc [2010] 2
SLR 459 (“GLAMOUR” versus “HYSTERIC GLAMOUR”) that the test for visual
similarity is not one of substantial reproduction. Rather, visual similarity
is assessed by reference to the overall impressions created by the mark or
signs, bearing in mind their distinctive and dominant components: see Hai Tong
at [62(a)]. I would point out that even if I were to accept the plaintiff’s
submission that the Application Device is highly similar to the Opposition
Mark, applying the principle set out in Hai Tong at [62(d)(i)], the
Application Text would in any event diminish the overall resemblance between
them.

18 Given that I am also of the view that there are no dominant components in
the Application Mark, I agree with the Adjudicator that there was only an
extremely low degree of visual similarity between the Application Mark and the
Opposition Mark. Other than the fact that the Application Device and the
Opposition Mark are only slightly similar (the former comprises two polo
players on horseback, of which one appears to be in lighter-coloured attire
and is holding the mallet facing downwards), the prominence and inherent
distinctiveness of the Application Text do significantly reduce the visual
similarity between the marks.

Aural Similarity

19 The plaintiff had conceded at the hearing before the Adjudicator that there
was no aural similarity on the ground that the Opposition Mark had no textual
element. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 72.

Notwithstanding that, the Adjudicator proceeded to record her observations on
this issue (see IPOS Decision at [84]–[86]), and it is these observations that
the plaintiff objects to. It submits, as it did in its written submissions to
the Adjudicator, that there is aural similarity between the Application Mark
and the Opposition Mark. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 87.

This is because the Opposition Mark would be verbalised as “polo-player”, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 80.

while the Application mark would be verbalised as “polo-players”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 82.

20 I first note that it is unclear if the Adjudicator’s reasons did in fact
constitute findings given that she had stressed on more than one occasion that
the plaintiff had not pursued this issue before her. The significance of this
depends on the threshold for appellate intervention, which I have discussed
above at [6]–[8]: if the test is one of whether the Adjudicator had committed
a “material error of principle”, then the plaintiff might be precluded from
challenging the Adjudicator’s reasons if her finding as to the lack of aural
similarity was made simply on the basis that it was not disputed. However,
given my reservations as to whether that is in fact the test to be applied, I
nonetheless proceed to consider this issue.

21 In respect of how the Opposition Mark would be verbalised, the plaintiff
says that it could only be pronounced as “polo-player” given that it comprises
solely of a graphic device of a polo player. The Adjudicator’s view was that
the public would likely verbalise the Opposition Mark as “Polo Ralph Lauren
mark” given that it was often used in conjunction with the words “POLO RALPH
LAUREN”. In this regard, the plaintiff is right to point out that the mark
similarity inquiry does not take into account external factors: Staywell at
[20]. I therefore respectfully disagree with this aspect of the Adjudicator’s
view.

22 The plaintiff refers me to the cases of Dainichiseika Colour & Chemicals
Mfg Co Ltd v Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (Trade Marks and
Designs) (Case T-389/03) [2008] ECR II-58 (“Dainichiseika”) and S Tous, S L v
Ng Wee Ping [2010] SGIPOS 6 (“S Tous”) which are cited in the IPOS Decision at
[84]. In both cases, it was found that the graphic devices would be verbalised
in accordance with what they depicted – in Dainichiseika, a device depicting a
pelican was held to be likely to be verbalised as “pelican” while in S Tous, a
device comprising of a picture of a bear was found aurally similar to one
comprising an outline of a bear. Whether a mark that is found to have no aural
component may nonetheless be found to be aurally similar to another mark does
not appear to be settled law; for example, in Rovio Entertainment Ltd v
Kimanis Food Industries Sdn Bhd [2014] SGIPOS 10, the principal assistant
registrar found that there could be no aural similarity given that the mark
which the opponent sought to rely on had no aural component. This aspect of
the decision was undisputed and was therefore not disturbed in the appeal to
the High Court: Rovio Entertainment Ltd v Kimanis Food Industries Sdn Bhd
[2015] 5 SLR 618 at [85]. Personally, I have my reservations. To find aural
similarity where no aural component exists seems to allow for visual or
conceptual similarity to be accounted for within the assessment of aural
similarity.

23 But even if I were to accept that the Opposition Mark would be verbalised
as “polo-player”, I am not persuaded in respect of the Application Mark. The
plaintiff seeks to rely on La Societe Des Brasseries Et Glacieres
Internationales v Asia Pacific Breweries Ltd [2006] SGIPOS 5 (“APB”), which
involved an application to register a mark which had a graphical depiction of
a tiger and the words “BIERE LARUE” within the device. It was held at [35]
that the average consumer was more likely to refer to the applicant’s beer as
a “tiger” brand beer because the graphical depiction of the tiger was more
prominent, and the name of the applicant’s beer was in French and not English.
By analogy, the plaintiff says the average Singaporean is more likely to refer
to the Application Mark as “polo-players” as the Application Text would not
“resonate” with them. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 86.

24 Putting aside the fact that APB does not bind me, it is clear that this
holding in APB was premised on the graphical device being the dominant
component of the mark, the Registrar having found that the words “BIERE LARUE”
was “the secondary element in the [a]pplicants’ mark”: APB at [36]. As I have
already found above, I am of the view that neither the Application Device nor
the Application Text is the dominant component of the Application Mark. That
being the case, I did not see any particular reason why the reasonable
consumer would choose to pronounce the Application Mark as “polo-players”
rather than as “USPA”, which while invented, is not unpronounceable. As
counsel for the defendant highlighted in his oral submissions, no one has
sought to pronounce Nike’s “Swoosh” device even though it is only accompanied
by the text “NIKE”, which the public may not know to be a Greek goddess.

The distinctiveness of the Opposition Mark

25 In Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd v Ferrero SpA [2013] 1 SLR 531
(“Sarika”) at [36], the Court of Appeal stated:

In [Bently and Sherman, Intellectual Property Law (Oxford University Press,
3rd Ed, 2009)] at pp 866–867, the learned authors state that the question of
whether marks are similar will oftentimes depend on the inherent or acquired
distinctiveness of the mark for the goods for which it has been registered.
Therefore, if the trade mark is highly distinctive, it follows that a sign
which has been substantially modified may possibly still be regarded as
similar. For such trade marks, then, there is a high threshold to be met in
creating a sign or a mark sufficiently dissimilar to it. … [emphasis added]

26 The Court of Appeal was also at pains to point out in Sarika at [20] that
the distinctiveness of a registered trade mark is not another aspect of, or an
element in, the determination of similarity. Rather, it is “a factor to be
considered in the visual, aural and conceptual analysis to determine whether
the allegedly infringing sign and the trade mark are similar”. It is
presumably in reliance of this aspect of the decision in Sarika that the
plaintiff submits that the Opposition Mark has acquired technical
distinctiveness. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 53.

As I understand it, its argument is that the Opposition Mark has acquired a
greater level of technical distinctiveness that increases the threshold for
the Application Mark to be found dissimilar.

27 At first blush, the plaintiff’s approach seems perfectly consonant with
Staywell at [24]–[25], which suggests the acquired distinctiveness of a mark
plays an integral role in the assessment of similarity between marks:

24 Distinctiveness in the technical sense on the other hand, usually stands in
contradistinction to descriptiveness. Where the latter connotes words that
describe the goods or services in question, or of some quality or aspect
thereof, the former refers to the capacity of a mark to function as a badge of
origin. Distinctiveness can be inherent, usually where the words comprising
the mark are meaningless and can say nothing about the goods or services; or
acquired, where words that do have a meaning and might well say something
about the good or services, yet come to acquire the capacity to act as a badge
of origin through long-standing or widespread use …

25 Technical distinctiveness is an integral factor in the marks-similarity
inquiry … a mark which has greater technical distinctiveness enjoys a high
threshold before a competing sign will be considered dissimilar to it …

[emphasis added]

28 I note at the outset that the factoring of acquired distinctiveness at the
marks-similarity stage appears to be at odds with the Court of Appeal’s
finding in Staywell at [20] that “the assessment of marks similarity is mark-
for-mark without consideration of any external matter” [emphasis added].
Rather, the effect of acquired distinctiveness should be left for the
confusion stage of the inquiry, when the court assesses “the effect of
objective similarity between the marks, on the perception of consumers”
[original emphasis removed; emphasis added in italics]. It is clear that
Staywell contemplates the factoring of acquired distinctiveness for trade
marks which may not be inherently distinctive and have come to be so under s
7(2) of the TMA. It is also clear that Staywell contemplates that earlier
trade marks may have varying degrees of technical distinctiveness. It is less
clear whether Staywell contemplates that earlier trade marks which are already
inherently distinctive can become more distinctive through use and that this
enhanced distinctiveness can be taken into consideration at the marks-
similarity stage. In Canon Kabushiki Kaisha v Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc [1999]
RPC 117 (“Canon Kabushiki”), the following question was referred to the Court
of Justice of the European Union (“the ECJ”) (at [11]):

May account be taken, when assessing the similarity of the goods or services
covered by the two marks, of the distinctive character, in particular the
reputation, of the mark with earlier priority … so that, in particular, in
such a way that likelihood of confusion within the meaning of Article 4(1)(b)
of Directive 89/104 must be taken to exist even if the public attributes the
goods and/or services to different places of origin …

29 As observed in para 6.38 of Christopher Morcom, Ashley Roughton and Thomas
St Quintin, The Modern Law of Trade Marks (LexisNexis, 2012 Ed), “[t]he form
of the question was such as might suggest that the German court considered
that reputation could have some bearing on the issue of similarity of goods or
services, an idea which would seem surprising” [emphasis added]. The question
as understood in that manner was not addressed; the ECJ instead treated the
question as whether the distinctive character of the earlier trade mark, and
in particular its reputation, must be taken into account when determining
whether the similarity between the goods or services covered by the two trade
marks is sufficient to give rise to the likelihood of confusion: Canon
Kabushiki at [12]. Nevertheless, given that this approach was not challenged
by either of the parties, I am prepared to consider the plaintiff’s argument
that the distinctiveness of an earlier trade mark can be enhanced and assessed
on a sliding scale.

30 The plaintiff relies on sales invoices, the majority of which have a
composite mark comprising the Opposition Mark together with the words “POLO
RALPH LAUREN”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 43.

However the Adjudicator found that the plaintiff had not proven that the
Opposition Mark had acquired a higher degree of technical distinctiveness as
none of the invoices featured the Opposition Mark on its own: see the IPOS
Decision at [73]. The plaintiff says that the Adjudicator had erred by failing
to consider that distinctiveness may be acquired through use in conjunction
with another mark: Lonsdale Sports Ltd v Erol [2014] RPC 15 (“Lonsdale”) at
[21]–[23]. That is, the fact that the Opposition Mark had been used in
conjunction with the words “POLO RALPH LAUREN” did not prevent it from
acquiring distinctiveness.

31 Counsel for the defendant submitted at the hearing before me that I was
bound by the Court of Appeal’s holding in The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In
Department Store Pte Ltd [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 at [17], where the word “POLO”
was found not to have acquired distinctiveness through use as the appellant
there had never used the word mark “POLO” on its own. The parallels to the
present case are obvious. Not only does it suggest that acquired
distinctiveness may be taken into consideration at the marks-similarity stage
(consistent with Sarika and Staywell), but that distinctiveness may only be
acquired through use on its own.

32 Even if I were to accept the plaintiff’s submission that the proposition in
Lonsdale is good law in Singapore, I agree with the Adjudicator that the
evidence adduced by the plaintiff falls short. Counsel for the plaintiff
submitted at the hearing before me that the use through which distinctiveness
may be acquired must not only be of the mark on its own but must relate to the
goods in question, an approach that Sarika at [36] appears to endorse. In this
regard, counsel for the plaintiff could not direct me to any invoice for
eyewear in which the Opposition Mark was used, on its own or otherwise.

33 On the other hand, counsel for the defendant referred me to the following
trade marks comprising a polo player on horseback which were similarly
registered in Class 9:

Mark representation| Registration details (Trade Mark no, filing date,
status)| Specification (Class 9 only)  
---|---|---  
![M:\\TA 13 of 2015 - Polo Ralph v USPA\\Other
TMs\\T9400364Z.jpg](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)|
T9400364Z17 January 1994Registered| Opthalmic eyewear included in Class 9  
![M:\\TA 13 of 2015 - Polo Ralph v USPA\\Other
TMs\\T9709297Z.jpg](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)|
T9709297Z1 August 1997Registered| Contact lenses; containers for contact
lenses; correcting lenses [optics]; eyeglasses; eyeglass cases, chains, cords
and frames; eyepieces; eyeshades; optical goods; optical lenses for use with
spectacles and sunglasses; spectacles [optics]; spectacle cases and pouches;
spectacle frames; spectacle glasses; sunglasses being optical apparatus;
sunglasses being optically corrected; all included in Class 9.  
![M:\\TA 13 of 2015 - Polo Ralph v USPA\\Other
TMs\\T1114738Z.jpg](data:image/Jpeg;base64,
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)|
T1114738Z21 October 2011Registered| Class 9Spectacles, spectacle cases,
spectacle frames, spectacle glasses, sun glasses.  
  
34 The defendant refers me to Polo/Lauren 2002 at [10], in which the High
Court observed that “many common objects may represent diverse as well as
related or similar interests” – a point which was illustrated by the number of
other companies using a graphic device comprising of a polo player on
horseback as part of their trade mark. Relying on the authority of Polo/Lauren
2002, the defendant states: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at para 7.04.02.

The polo player in devices of trade marks is thus a common feature and is not
particularly distinctive. There is thus no reason that it should be granted an
additional layer of protection that is usually reserved for marks which are
inventive and which are technically distinctive.

35 As I understand it, the defendant’s argument is not that the Opposition
Mark completely lacks technical distinctiveness or that it “consist[s]
exclusively of signs or indications which have become customary in the current
language or in the bona fide and established practices of the trade” under s
7(1)(d) of the TMA; after all, there is no suggestion that the Opposition Mark
is invalid. What it appears to be arguing is that the whole of the Opposition
Mark intrinsically has a low level of distinctiveness, such that less obvious
differences may suffice to distinguish the Application Mark from it. In this
regard, Bently and Sherman, Intellectual Property Law (Oxford University
Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) at p 866 and 867 refers to the decision of the European
Court of First Instance (“the CFI”) in Castellani SpA v Office for
Harmonisation in the Internal Market (Trade Marks and Designs) (Case T-149/06)
[2007] ECR II-4755 (“Castellani”), where the CFI found the words CASTELLANI
(as part of the device mark sought to be registered in German) and CASTELLUCA
(which was an earlier trade mark) to be dissimilar. This finding was based on
the fact that both words begin with the letters C-A-S-T-E-L-L, which bear a
semantic resemblance to the German word “kastell” meaning “castle”.
Accordingly, it held that the use of the word ‘castle’ was very common for the
class of goods for which registration was sought (wine), and that consumers
would pay therefore pay less attention to that prefix.

36 I am not persuaded by the defendant’s argument. It is unclear to me as to
how Polo/Lauren 2002 supports the proposition that the Opposition Mark is less
distinctive – the point which the judge sought to make through his observation
was that the use of a polo player as a motif in that case in itself signified
nothing in trade mark law. There is, in my view, insufficient evidence to
demonstrate that the Opposition Mark has a lower level of distinctiveness. The
mere fact that there are other registered trade marks comprising a polo player
on horse-back is not necessarily indicative of the distinctiveness of the
Opposition Mark; those marks could either be dissimilar, or do not lead to a
likelihood of confusion. To the extent that the defendant is suggesting that
the registration of these trade marks is evidence, similar to Castellani, that
the use of polo players in graphical devices has become commonplace in respect
of eyewear, there is no such evidence before me.

My conclusion on the similarity of marks

37 I am therefore in agreement with the Adjudicator that while there may be
conceptual identity, there is no aural similarity and there is only a low
degree of visual similarity. But as the Court of Appeal was at pains to
emphasise in Staywell at [18], these are merely “signposts” to the ultimate
question of whether the marks are similar.

38 The plaintiff argues that the Adjudicator failed to apply the test laid
down by Sir Wilfred Greene MR in Saville Perfumery Ld v June Perfect Ld and W
Woolworth & Co Ld (1941) 58 RPC 147 (“June Perfect”) at p 162, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 24.

which was cited with approval in Hai Tong at [40(d)]:

… [T]he class of customer among the public which buys the goods does not
interest itself in such details [of the mark]. In such cases the mark comes to
be remembered by some feature in it which strikes the eye and fixes itself in
the recollection. Such a feature is referred to sometimes as the
distinguishing feature, sometimes as the essential feature, of the mark. …

Now the question of resemblance and the likelihood of deception are to be
considered by reference not only to the whole mark, but also to its
distinguishing or essential features, if any.

39 The plaintiff submits that the Adjudicator instead “approached the criteria
of visual, aural and conceptual similarities in a formulaic manner”. In my
view, there is nothing to substantiate this contention. It is apparent that
the Adjudicator was cognisant of the test in June Perfect; [97] of the IPOS
Decision explicitly states that “[u]ltimately, the question is whether the two
marks, when observed in their totality, are similar rather than dissimilar,
and answering this question is inevitably a matter of impression”. Adopting
the same approach, I find myself arriving at the same conclusion as the
Adjudicator – the marks are similar on the whole, but only to a low degree.

Likelihood of confusion

40 The relevant principles to be applied can be found in Staywell, and are
concisely summarised by the Adjudicator in the IPOS Decision at [101]:

(a) The confusion inquiry in Section 8(2)(b) must take into account the actual
and notional fair uses to which the registered proprietor of the earlier trade
mark has or might fairly put his registered trade mark and compare this
against any actual and notional fair use to which the trade mark applicant may
put his mark should registration be granted: Staywell at [60].

(b) The only relevant type of confusion, for the purposes of Section 8(2)(b),
is that which is brought about by the similarity between the competing marks
and the similarity between the goods and services in relation to which the
marks are used: Staywell at [15].

(c) Factors relating to the impact of marks-similarity on consumer perception
include the following:

(i) The degree of similarity between the marks. The greater the similarity
between the marks, the greater the likelihood of confusion, and vice versa:
Staywell at [96(a)]. Further, it is possible to give more weight to the degree
of similarity in a particular aspect (viz. visual, aural or conceptual) of the
mark. For example, if the goods are normally sold based on the consumer’s
direct perception, the visual aspect of the mark would be more important than
the aural or conceptual aspects of the mark: Staywell at [20].

(ii) The reputation of the marks. A strong reputation can but does not
necessarily equate to a higher likelihood of confusion: Staywell at [96(a)].

(d) Factors relating to the impact of goods-similarity on consumer perception
include the following:

(i) The normal price of goods. Where the goods are expensive items, the
average consumer is likely to pay greater attention and care when buying such
goods and this affects his ability to detect subtle differences: Staywell at
[96(b)].

(ii) The nature of the goods. For example, where the nature of the goods is
such that specialist knowledge is required in making the purchase, the average
consumer is also likely to pay greater attention and care when buying such
goods: Staywell at [96(b)].

(iii) The frequency and typical mode of purchase of the goods. For example,
the consumer is likely to pay greater attention when the purchase transaction
is infrequent (compared with routine purchases): Staywell at [94].

(e) It is not permissible to consider factors which are external to the marks
and to the goods in question, and which are susceptible to changes that can be
made by a trader from time to time, such as price differentials between the
parties’ goods: Staywell at [95].

41 It is the Adjudicator’s findings in respect of the factors set out in
[101(d)] of the IPOS Decision that the plaintiff takes issue with. In
particular, the Adjudicator held at [110] of the IPOS Decision that “eyewear
is a type of goods the purchase of which involves a fairly high degree of care
regardless of their price range”, and that pointed away from a likelihood of
confusion. She stated three reasons for this holding. First, eyewear, as a
type of goods, is not purchased on a regular basis. Second, it is usually
bought through salespersons as it is generally sold in optical shops. Third,
it is a type of goods that commands a “higher degree of fastidiousness” on the
part of the consumer.

42 The plaintiff argues that the Adjudicator had erred in respect of the
second and third reasons. It says that the Adjudicator has failed to take into
account the notional uses of the Application Mark and the Opposition Mark,
such as on sunglasses and reading glasses with fixed prescriptions. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 99.

Unlike prescription eyewear, they need not be sold through salespersons at
optical shops, but can be sold off the shelves at retail outlets. Even with
eyewear bought through optical shops, the plaintiff argues that the high
degree of care is exercised with regard to the lenses and the adjustment of
the nose pad, rather than frame bearing the trade mark. The defendant’s
submissions, on the other hand, largely restate the findings of the
Adjudicator. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions at paras 12.03.03.

With particular regard to the third reason given by the Adjudicator in respect
of the “higher fastidiousness” of the consumer, the defendants say that the
nature of the type of goods, being one that typically requires close visual
inspection, means that consumers are more likely to pay attention to the
differences that lie between the Application Mark and the Opposition Mark.

43 In this regard, while I accept that the Adjudicator should have considered
other forms of eyewear that can be purchased off the shelves, I am not
persuaded that a lower degree of care is exercised in respect of this type of
goods. As the Adjudicator noted, eyewear is not purchased on a regular basis.
This type of goods is highly personal and is not something that would be
purchased in a hurry but rather, would involve a high level of attention being
paid by the consumer. I do not think that the care exercised would be
restricted only to the lenses and the nose pad; given that the eyewear is
likely to be purchased on a myriad of factors including not just comfort but
also its appearance, any purchase would likely entail a detailed visual
inspection of the eyewear.

Conclusion

44 Taking into account the low degree of similarity between the trade marks,
particularly in respect of visual similarity, and the greater attention that
the average consumer is likely to pay when purchasing eyewear, I find that
there exists no likelihood of confusion on the part of the public under s
8(2)(b) of the TMA. I therefore dismiss the appeal with costs to the
defendant.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Sukumar s/o Karuppiah and Jaswin Kaur Khosa (Ravindran Associates) for the
plaintiff;  
Prithipal Singh and Chow Jian Hong (Mirandah Law LLP)  
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

