Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 5

Civil Appeal No 45 of 2015

Between

| SIC COLLEGE OF BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY PTE LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SIC
EDUCATION GROUP PTE LTD)  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| YEO POH SIAH  
---|---  
(2)| KOO KHEE CHONG  
(3)| CHUA PUAY CHOO ALVINNA  
(4)| LINCOLN COLLEGIATE OF BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Suit No 1045 of 2012

Between

| SIC COLLEGE OF BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY PTE LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS SIC
EDUCATION GROUP PTE LTD)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| YEO POH SIAH  
---|---  
(2)| KOO KHEE CHONG  
(3)| CHUA PUAY CHOO ALVINNA  
(4)| LINCOLN COLLEGIATE OF BUSINESS AND TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Evidence] — [Improperly rejected evidence]

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Security]

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Third party costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Yeo Poh Siah and others

[2016] SGCA 5

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 45 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang J  
6 November 2015

22 January 2016 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 It is axiomatic that in order to arrive at a fully considered decision based
on justice and fairness, the court concerned must have all the relevant
evidence before it. The present appeal turns on this one fundamental point.
Put simply, was all the relevant evidence before the judge in the court below?
If it was not, then there would have been no way for the judge to have arrived
at a considered decision simply because he would not have been in receipt of
the full picture. It would be akin to a viewer focusing on only one part of a
canvas instead of the entire painting. Another analogy would be the old adage
that one should not miss the wood for the trees. We hasten to add that this
does not imply in the least that the trees are unimportant. After all, without
the trees there would be no wood. When, however, one is lost in the midst of
the wood and takes only some of the trees as representing the entire wood, the
overall perspective may be skewed and distorted as a result.

2 With these important general observations in mind, we turn to consider the
present case. This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd v Yeo Poh Siah
and others [2015] SGHC 133 (“the GD”). The facts of the case are
straightforward. However, the issue referred to in the preceding paragraph
arises as a result of the manner in which the proceedings unfolded before the
Judge in the court below. In essence, the case involved a claim and a
counterclaim. The claim was dismissed as the plaintiff (“the Appellant”) had
failed to provide the requisite security for costs. There has been no appeal
against that particular decision. However, the defendants (“the Respondents”),
who included the former employees of the Appellant, succeeded in their
counterclaim and this is the subject of the present appeal. It is against this
backdrop that the complications arose. Whilst the Judge acknowledged (in the
GD at [3]; emphasis added) that “a flavour of the allegations brought by the
plaintiff [the Appellant, and in relation to the main claim] provides helpful
context”, he refused to consider certain key pieces of evidence with respect
to the main claim in the trial of the counterclaim, even though such evidence
might conceivably have been relevant to refute the Respondents’ evidence and
case in the counterclaim. The qualification in the aforementioned sentence is
of the first importance because whilst any evidence led with respect to the
main claim could not possibly have affected the determination of the main
claim simply because it had already been dismissed, this does not mean that
such evidence was necessarily irrelevant vis-à-vis the counterclaim. In point
of fact, however, because the Appellant was not permitted to lead key pieces
of evidence vis-à-vis its main claim, it is unclear (in the present
circumstances) whether any such evidence would in fact have refuted the
counterclaim – and herein lies the crux of the present appeal (as we shall
elaborate upon below). In this regard, it ought to be borne in mind that both
the main claim and the counterclaim were inextricably connected with each
other. Indeed, the Judge himself observed (significantly, in our view), as
follows (see the GD at [17]):

Admittedly, the plaintiff [the Appellant] was hamstrung to the extent that its
case was that the 18 transactions in the ledger was [sic] just part of a
larger scheme to defraud the plaintiff, but its inability to shed light on the
purported bigger picture was a corollary of the failure to provide security
for costs for the main claim. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

3 We proceed to analyse this case more specifically by turning, first, to the
facts of the case and decision below before rendering our decision.

The facts

Parties to the dispute

4 The Appellant is a company in the private education business. Kannappan s/o
Karuppan Chettiar (“KC”) was the chairman of the Appellant at the material
time. His wife (Cenobia Majella (“CM”)) and brother (Subramaniam s/o Karuppan
Chettiar) are directors of the Appellant. CM is the Appellant’s majority
shareholder while TSG Investments Pte Ltd (“TSG”) and KC are the other
shareholders. At all material times, TSG was controlled by KC and CM.

5 The first three Respondents were the Appellant’s employees at the material
time – the first Respondent (Ken Yeo) was a director of the Appellant, the
second Respondent (Koo Khee Chong (“Koo”)) was the chief financial officer of
the Appellant and the third Respondent (Chua Puay Choo Alvinna) was a senior
management consultant of the Appellant. They were also the directors of the
fourth Respondent, Lincoln Collegiate of Business and Technology Private
Limited (“Lincoln College”), a company which was incorporated on 8 January
2009 and which had been contracted to operate the Appellant’s business under
certain licensing agreements.

Background to the dispute

6 KC and Ken Yeo had known each other since about 1991 when Ken Yeo was KC’s
personal assistant in the Singapore Institute of Commerce (“SIC”), which was
the predecessor of the Appellant. KC lost touch with Ken Yeo sometime in 1992
or 1993 when KC left SIC, and Ken Yeo also later left SIC to set up Auston
Business School.

7 Sometime in 2005, Ken Yeo was made an employee of TSG by KC. KC was the
executive chairman of TSG, which had acquired SIC in 1999.

8 In 2007, there was a corporate reorganisation and Ken Yeo was appointed the
executive director of the Appellant.

9 Between 2009 and 2010 a number of agreements were signed as follows:

(a) The Harbridge Agreement dated 16 January 2009 was an agreement between the
Appellant and Lincoln College (which was then known as “Harbridge Holdings Pte
Ltd”) in which it was agreed that Lincoln College would be allowed to jointly
operate a subsidiary of the Appellant known as SIC Tampines. Lincoln College
agreed to be solely responsible for the operational expenses of SIC Tampines
and agreed to pay the Appellant a licence fee. It was Ken Yeo’s evidence that
it was implied that Lincoln College was entitled to the income of SIC
Tampines.

(b) The SICC Agreement dated 9 September 2009 was an agreement between TSG,
the Appellant and SIC College Pte Ltd (“SICC”) (incorporated by Ken Yeo and
with Ken Yeo and Koo as the shareholders) in which SICC was appointed to
manage the operations of the Appellant for an initial period of two years in
return for SICC paying TSG a monthly fee of $150,000 during the period. Ken
Yeo claimed it was obvious to all involved that SICC was entitled to the
income of the Appellant while bearing the expenses.

(c) The Mutual Release Agreement (“MRA”) dated 11 February 2010 was an
agreement between TSG, the Appellant and SICC in which the parties released
one another from liability and SICC warranted that the final payment of
$150,000 due on 31 December 2009 for licensing fees from Lincoln College to
the Appellant would be made.

(d) The Second Harbridge Agreement dated 11 February 2010 was an agreement
between TSG and Lincoln College wherein it was agreed that the latter was to
manage the business of the Appellant and pay TSG monthly licensing fees and
that it would be entitled to claim management fees from TSG, which was defined
as the surplus of the Appellant’s licensed operation subject to the Appellant
being able to accumulate an annual profit of $10,000 and being able to
maintain its balance sheet as at 1 January 2010 or a net tangible asset of
$600,000, whichever is higher.

10  It should be noted that the interpretation of the terms of the clauses in
the above agreements was disputed.

11 Cracks in the relationship between KC and Ken Yeo emerged in February 2010
when KC sought arrears of the licensing fee and Ken Yeo wanted to terminate
the SICC Agreement. These cracks were exacerbated when Ken Yeo shifted some
furniture between the Appellant’s premises at Upper Serangoon Road and SICC’s
premises. Eventually, a compromise was reached, resulting in the conclusion of
the MRA and Second Harbridge Agreement.

12 On 10 December 2012, the Appellant and TSG filed a Writ of Summons against
the first three Respondents. The Writ and Statement of Claim were subsequently
amended for TSG to be removed as a plaintiff and for Lincoln College to be
added as a defendant.

13 To summarise, the Appellant’s claim – ie, the main claim – concerned a
number of heads of claim, to the effect that the first three Respondents were
parties to a scheme to enrich Lincoln College (ie, the fourth Respondent) at
the Appellant’s expense, and this included (amongst others) claims for a
number of alleged unauthorised payments to Lincoln College between 30 October
2009 and 21 October 2010, the alleged misappropriation of funds from the
Appellant’s students, and the alleged making of fraudulent payments to the
Respondents which were fraudulently authorised as personal claims. These
alleged unlawful acts were accomplished (at least in part) by the entering of
fictitious entries into the Appellant’s books.

14 The Respondent’s defence against the aforementioned heads of claim were,
besides the denial of the averments, essentially, that under the relevant
licensing agreements, Lincoln College (or SICC) was entitled to the
Appellant’s proceeds less expenses.

15 At a hearing on 18 March 2013 (this was a few days after the original
Defence was filed on 12 March 2013), the then-counsel for the Respondents
indicated to a Senior Assistant Registrar that he had instructions to apply
for security for costs against the Appellant. The Senior Assistant Registrar
ordered that the application for security for costs should be made by 28 March
2013. However, no application was made by that date.

16 On 6 December 2013 (almost a year after the original writ was filed), the
Defence was amended to institute the counterclaim by Ken Yeo against the
Appellant. The counterclaim stated as follows:

71\. The Defendants aver that at all material times, [Ken Yeo] had been making
advances to the [Appellant] on a running account basis to supplement the
cashflow of the [Appellant].

72\. The balance owing from the [Appellant] to [Ken Yeo] is $244,844…

The running account, consisting of 18 transactions, is particularised in a
table which is set out at [9] of the GD.

17  The Appellant’s defence to the counterclaim stated as follows:

44\. Paragraphs 71 and 72 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) are
wholly denied and [Ken Yeo] is put to strict proof thereof. The [Appellant]
avers that there was no need and/or reason for the [Appellant] to receive any
cash advances from [Ken Yeo] as it had its own finances to support itself. The
[Appellant] avers that [Ken Yeo] had never made any advances to the
[Appellant] but instead, used the [Appellant’s] accounting books to create
fictitious entries.

18 On 10 July 2014, the Respondents filed Summons No 3367 of 2014 (“SUM 3367”)
to seek security for costs from the Appellant in the sum of $100,000. This was
after timelines had already been set for the filing of affidavits of evidence-
in-chief (“AEICs”). The AEICs were to be filed by 25 July 2014. At a hearing
on 15 July 2014, the Respondents’ counsel stated that the reason for taking
out security for costs at that stage was because the Respondents were recently
made aware of the fact that the Appellant’s former lawyer had yet to be paid.

19 On 12 August 2014, an Assistant Registrar ordered the Appellant to furnish
security for costs in the sum of $75,000 by 26 August 2014, and that the
proceedings, in so far as they concerned the Appellant’s claims, be stayed
pending the provision of such security.

20 On 18 August 2014, the parties appeared before the Judge for a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”). The Judge emphasised that security for costs must be paid
in by 26 August 2014.

21 On 26 August 2014, the Appellant’s former counsel, Mr Edmond Pereira (“Mr
Pereira”), wrote to inform the court that the Appellant had failed to provide
security for costs by the due date, and that his firm would be discharging
themselves from acting in the matter.

22 At a PTC on 2 September 2014, Mr Pereira informed an Assistant Registrar
that he would be discharging himself and his firm because his fees had not
been paid. KC personally informed the Assistant Registrar that he was looking
to be represented by a new law firm and that he needed more time to raise the
funds for security for costs. At the same time, the Respondents’ counsel gave
notice to KC that they would, inter alia, be seeking personal costs against
him and CM. In the circumstances, the Assistant Registrar declined to shift
the trial and he kept the first two trial dates (9 and 10 September 2014) and
vacated the remaining four days of the original six-day trial.

23 On 9 September 2014, the first day of trial, the Judge granted Mr Pereira’s
application to discharge himself. KC was allowed to conduct the trial as an
officer of the Appellant. KC also made an oral application for an extension of
time (until 30 September 2014) to furnish security for costs and to vacate the
trial, while the Respondents’ counsel made an oral application to dismiss the
main claim for being in default for the furnishing of security for costs.

24 On 10 September 2014, the Judge dismissed the Appellant’s application for
extension of time for the furnishing of security for costs and consequently
dismissed the main claim. He also formally granted leave to KC to represent
the Appellant as an officer of the Appellant under O 1 r 9(2) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Ed) (pursuant to the Appellant’s application in
Summons No 4478 of 2014).

The decision below

25 As mentioned at the outset of this judgment, the main claim was dismissed
owing to the Appellant’s failure to provide security for costs by the 26
August 2014 deadline. As already noted, the Judge rejected KC’s request for an
extension of time to 30 September 2014 for the furnishing of the requisite
security.

26 In so far as the counterclaim was concerned, the Judge referred to a ledger
which had been printed out from the Appellant’s system listing the alleged 18
transactions in the alleged running account showing a balance of $244,844
owing from the Appellant to Ken Yeo (“the Printout”). There were a number of
bank receipts that showed certain cash withdrawals from Ken Yeo’s and Lincoln
College’s account. The Judge also considered that the ledger provided by Ken
Yeo was substantiated by a document produced by Supramaniam s/o Nasaiah
(“Supramaniam”), who was the Appellant’s own witness. We shall hereinafter
refer to that document as “Supramaniam’s Document”.

27 While the Judge also referred to the Appellant’s asserted entitlement to
set off a series of unauthorised payments against Ken Yeo’s counterclaim as
well as the Appellant’s argument that the 18 transactions in the Printout were
just part of a larger scheme to defraud the Appellant, the Judge considered
that the Appellant was not entitled to prove the alleged instances of
misappropriation which necessarily pertained to the main claim.

28 The Judge also made a number of other findings as follows:

(a) The sums recorded as originating from Lincoln College were in fact
advances by Ken Yeo, which were made by Lincoln College on Ken Yeo’s behalf.

(b) The Appellant might have required advances to smoothen its cash flow, even
if it had sufficient finances to support itself.

(c) The Printout could be admitted under s 32(1)(b) of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) as a statement that was made in the course of trade,
business, profession or other occupation. Furthermore, s 34 of the Evidence
Act stated that entries in account books that are regularly kept in the course
of business are relevant whenever they refer to a matter into which the court
has to inquire. The Judge also found that the Printout was not entirely
unreliable.

(d) Ken Yeo had the authority to, and did, make the advances under the
auspices of the licensing arrangements pursuant to which Lincoln College and
SICC were required to manage the Appellant’s business.

(e) An adverse inference was to be drawn against the Appellant for not
disclosing bank statements on certain dates when the Appellant was able to do
so for others.

29 The Judge then allowed the counterclaim in the sum of $218,000 after
excluding four transactions in the Printout as they appeared to be entirely
uncorroborated.

30 Finally, the Judge also ordered personal costs against KC and CM, to be
borne by them jointly and severally together with the Appellant.

The issues

31 The Appellant appeals against the decision of the judge to allow the
counterclaim and order personal costs against KC and CM. There is no appeal
against the Judge’s decision to dismiss the main claim for the Appellant’s
default in providing security for costs. The issues that arise are the
following:

(a) With respect to the appeal in relation to the counterclaim, the first
issue is whether the Judge was correct in determining the scope of the
evidence to be considered; and if the Judge had erred in respect of the first
issue, there is a second issue of whether this caused a substantial wrong, and
if it did, what would be the appropriate remedy.

(b) In so far as the appeal against the order of costs is concerned, the issue
is what the appropriate costs order should be in the circumstances, in
particular, whether third party costs should have been ordered against KC and
CM.

The parties’ respective arguments

The Appellant’s arguments

32 In the Appellant’s submission, the Judge had erred in failing to consider
facts in issue and evidence which are relevant to the defence to the
counterclaim (“the Rejected Evidence”). The Appellant argues that there is a
clear link between the defence to the counterclaim and the material facts in
the main claim and that this is apparent when the pleadings are read in their
totality and in the proper context, such that there is no question of a
failure of pleading. It further submits that the Rejected Evidence would have
made a difference to the outcome of the trial.

33 The Appellant also contends that Ken Yeo had failed to prove the existence
of a “running account”, which is clearly different from an argument that each
individual advance was a debt in itself. The Judge had merely considered
whether each advance was made, and not why the advance was made (if indeed
they were). Even if there was a running account, it was still necessary for
the Judge to consider the transactions in their totality and not merely those
particular transactions which Ken Yeo had picked to reflect a balance that was
positive to him.

34 Finally, the Appellant argues that it was inappropriate for the Judge to
order costs to be borne jointly and severally by KC and CM with the Appellant.
KC and CM did not have the intention of ultimately deriving a benefit from the
suit and they did not cause the incurring of costs. It was, therefore, unjust
for the Judge to have so ordered.

The Respondents’ arguments

35 The Respondents argue that, as the proper enquiry is whether the advances
claimed were made or not, the Appellant has mischaracterised the true issue.
Furthermore, even if the Judge had erred in excluding the Rejected Evidence,
it would not justify setting aside the decision, as it has not resulted in any
substantial wrong.

36 The Respondents also submitted that the Appellant has misunderstood what
“running account” was meant by the Respondents – all they meant was an
“ongoing account”. The Respondents have not sought an account as a final
relief; they are just seeking the repayment of an advance. Even if the relief
sought is for an account, the evidence demonstrates that the liability is
between Lincoln College and the Appellant and not between Ken Yeo and the
Appellant. In any event, the evidence relied on by the Appellant to
demonstrate sums owing to them were inadmissible and/or unreliable. The Judge
was correct to allow the counterclaim as the evidence is sufficient to prove
that the sum allowed was transferred.

37 Finally, the Judge was correct to order personal costs against KC and CM as
KC and CM were the ones who funded the proceedings, were in control of the
litigation and would derive the ultimate benefit from the litigation.

Our decision

The counterclaim

The proper scope of the evidence

38 The Judge had summarised his understanding of the Appellant’s pleaded
defence to the counterclaim at [5] of the GD:

The [Appellant’s] pleaded defence to the counter-claim was that the
[Appellant] had no need and/or reason to receive any cash advances from [Ken
Yeo] as it had its own finances to support itself. It also asserted that [Ken
Yeo] had never made any advances to the [Appellant] but instead, used the
[Appellant’s] accounting books to create fictitious entries.

39 According to the Judge, the Appellant could and should have done more for
its pleaded case, for example, by producing bank documents which would
demonstrate whether any of the advances had entered the Appellant’s account
(see the GD at [22]). The Judge also noted that because the Appellant’s claim
had been dismissed, alleged instances of misappropriation by the Respondent
could not be proven as they pertained to the main claim (see the GD at [16]).

40 In our view, it is not, with respect, correct for the Judge to have denied
the Appellant the opportunity to prove relevant facts in respect of the
counterclaim simply because these facts would also prove the main claim, which
had been stayed and subsequently dismissed. This is so for several reasons.

41 First, facts which are relevant to the main claim may similarly be facts
which are relevant to the Appellant’s defence to the counterclaim. As pointed
out by the Appellant, s 3 of the Evidence Act defines a “fact in issue” as
including “any fact from which either by itself or in connection with other
facts the existence, non-existence, nature or extent of any right, liability
or disability asserted or denied … necessarily follows”. The starting point is
that “every litigant has a general right to bring all evidence relevant to his
or her case to the attention of the court”, and that, while a litigant should
not be allowed to abuse the processes of the court to further his ulterior or
collateral motives, “it is usually both prudent and just to err in favour of
admission rather than exclusion” (see the decision of this court in Basil
Anthony Herman v Premier Security Co-operative Ltd and others [2010] 3 SLR 110
(“Basil”) at [24]–[26] [emphasis in original]). The implication of the main
claim being dismissed for the failure to provide security for costs is that,
even if the plaintiff manages to establish for the purposes of his defence to
the counterclaim the same facts in issue that would allow him to succeed on
the main claim, he would still be unable to secure judgment on his claim: see
the English High Court decision of Dumrul v Standard Chartered Bank [2010] 2
CLC 661 (“Dumrul”) (at [18]). But there is no rule that facts which are
relevant in establishing a defence to the counterclaim cannot be proven simply
because these same facts would establish liability under the main claim as
well.

42 Secondly, in our view, the various allegations of misappropriation of funds
were sufficiently pleaded as part of the defence to the counterclaim. Much
reliance was placed by the Respondent on the fact that the substantive defence
to the counterclaim was encompassed within para 44 of the Reply and Defence to
the Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) under the heading “DEFENCE TO COUNTERCLAIM”,
which we had set out above at [17]. We shall simply refer to that paragraph
hereinafter as “Para 44”.

43 The Judge had concluded that the pleading was that the entries were
“fictitious” in the sense that monies never entered the Appellant’s account
and therefore the only issue in controversy was whether these monies had in
fact entered the Appellant’s account. In our view, even taken in isolation,
the reference to “fictitious entries” in Para 44 could reasonably be
interpreted to encompass the argument that the entries were inaccurately
characterised as “advances”, thereby rendering them a fiction. This could
legitimately mean both that monies had never entered the Appellant’s account
or that the monies were never intended as advances, thereby amounting to
spurious entries. This is a fortiori the case when the pleadings are viewed
holistically and Para 44 is understood in its proper context, rather than in a
vacuum. At the time the Reply and Defence to the Counterclaim (Amendment No 1)
was filed, there was no indication that the main claim would not be proceeded
with; there was no separate discovery exercise, there were no separate AEICs
filed, and the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim was one composite whole
embodied in a single document. In the paragraphs preceding Para 44, the
Appellant had raised facts to allege that the Respondent had misappropriated
funds from the Appellant. For example, at para 42, it was pleaded that: “the
[Appellant] avers that the [Respondents] have no legitimate and/or valid
defence whatsoever towards the unlawful withdrawal of $1.59mil”. Although
these facts did not fall under the heading “DEFENCE TO COUNTERCLAIM”, and were
pleaded for the purpose of establishing the main claim, they provide the
context to what the Appellant meant when it stated in its defence that the
entries were “fictitious”.

44 As argued by the Appellant, “the point is that the 18 transactions formed
part of a larger series of transactions”. The Appellant also sought to
establish this point during the first day of the trial, although this was met
with resistance by counsel for the Respondents:

Plaintiff: Your Honour, I---I’ll be making submissions on that point. And I
think I am entitled to it on---the minimum is equitable grounds, and I will
show to the Court the close connection. Because if one person has the power---
the full power to give himself to his companies, wife and everybody else, and
he’s done that, and now he’s claiming for amount all he has given, that’s only
part of a transaction. We need to consider, Your Honour, the full transaction,
the full load, what he’s actually done. We are not proceeding with the Court
stay order on the claim. We are not claiming. We are defending, Your Honour.
As defence, we are entitled to examine what was the intention, and we will.
Because he gave up---wrote out the cheques, that means he had full control
over the plaintiffs’ bank accounts. He wrote out in certain synchronised
fashion to deplete fully the plaintiffs’ bank account. Now he’s coming to
claim for monies that are part of the entire transaction. We need to be able
to examine the whole transaction and the reason why we are claiming it is
fictitious. We need to be able to demonstrate that these were fictitious part
of a major scheme. That’s our defence. And to examine that defence, we will
have to examine the agreement because he says, “We are entitled to it”. If he
says “Entitled to it” and takes off and he’s put it in part of the claim that
he’s taken off money, then we are entitled to examine, Your Honour, I believe.

[emphasis added]

45 In our view, the pleadings sufficiently encompass the averment that the
monies that were credited into the Appellant’s account (if any) were part of
the Respondents’ fraudulent scheme and under the guise of being “advances”.
The purpose of the transactions is being called into question, and it is not
simply whether the monies did or did not in fact enter the Appellant’s
account. When viewed through this lens, the Respondents’ misappropriation of
funds and facts relating to this purported fraudulent scheme did form part of
the Appellant’s pleaded defence to the counterclaim.

46 Thirdly, it must be emphasised that procedure is the handmaiden of justice,
not its master. In V Nithia (co-administratrix of the estate of Ponnusamy
Sivapakiam, deceased) v Buthmanaban s/o Vaithilingam and another [2015] 5 SLR
1422 (“Nithia”), this court embarked on a review of the law of pleadings and
observed (at [2]) that the process of pleadings is to ensure, inter alia, that
the plaintiff knows the nature and substance of the defence. A court should
not adopt “an overly formalistic and inflexibly rule-bound approach” which
might result in injustice (see Nithia at [39]). Ultimately, the underlying
consideration of the law of pleadings is to prevent surprises arising at trial
(see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of Lu Bang Song v
Teambuild Construction Pte Ltd and Another and Another Appeal [2009] SGHC 49
at [17]). In the present case, it can hardly be said that the Respondents had
been taken by surprise. From the pleadings as well as the AEICs, the
Respondents were clearly apprised of the line of argument which the Appellant
was seeking to advance but attempted to limit the pleaded defence on the
technical basis that there was no “pleading that incorporates the entire
claim”. However, it could not have escaped the Respondent’s attention that the
Appellant had never regarded the 18 transactions as legitimate “advances” and
that this formed a basis of its defence as articulated in Para 44.

47 We therefore find that the Judge had wrongly determined the scope of the
evidence and had erred in excluding the Rejected Evidence.

Whether the error led to substantial injustice

48 While we find that the Judge should have considered the Rejected Evidence
it does not necessarily follow that his decision must be reversed or a new
trial ordered, if it can be shown that the result was correct in any event.
Order 57 r 14 of the Rules of Court states as follows:

(1) On the hearing of any appeal the Court of Appeal may, if it thinks fit,
make any such order as could be made in pursuance of an application for a new
trial or to set aside any finding or judgment of the Court below.

(2) The Court of Appeal shall not be bound to order a new trial on the ground
of misdirection, or of the improper admission or rejection of evidence, unless
in the opinion of the Court of Appeal some substantial wrong has been thereby
occasioned.

[emphasis added]

49  In so far as the error relates to the improper rejection of evidence, s
169 of the Evidence Act states as follows:

No new trial for improper admission or rejection of evidence

169\. The improper admission or rejection of evidence shall not be ground of
itself for a new trial or reversal of any decision in any case if it appears
to the court before which such objection is raised that, independently of the
evidence objected to and admitted, there was sufficient evidence to justify
the decision, or that, if the rejected evidence had been received, it ought
not to have varied the decision.

[emphasis added]

50 Section 39(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) similarly provides as follows:

(2) A new trial shall not be granted on the ground of improper admission or
rejection of evidence unless in the opinion of the Court of Appeal some
substantial wrong or miscarriage of justice has been thereby occasioned.

51 The question therefore turns on whether any substantial wrong had been
caused by the exclusion of the Rejected Evidence. The Respondents say that,
even if the Rejected Evidence was considered, it would not have made any
difference to the Judge’s decision. However, before we proceed to answer this
question, we note that the Appellant had pitched its case at an even higher
level. It argues that, on the evidence actually adduced, the Respondents have
not proven the counterclaim and therefore the Judge’s decision must be
reversed. We first address this argument advanced by the Appellant.

52 The Appellant contends that the key piece of evidence relied upon by the
Judge was the Printout. The Printout had been extracted from the Appellant’s
system and provided by Koo, but Koo was not called to give evidence, and the
admissibility of this piece of evidence was challenged on the basis of
hearsay. While the Printout was prima facie admissible under s 32(1)(b) of the
Evidence Act as a statement made in the course of trade, business, profession
or other occupation, the court is nevertheless required to properly consider
the discretion to exclude such evidence under s 32(3). This involves a
balancing exercise involving weighing the significance of the evidence against
its unreliability or other harm which might compromise fair adjudication (with
the effect of being substantively unjust or procedurally oppressive): see the
decision of this court in Gimpex Ltd v Unity Holdings Business Ltd and others
and another appeal [2015] 2 SLR 686 at [105]–[109].

53 The Judge made two key findings with respect to the Printout. First, the
Judge considered that Supramaniam’s Document corroborated the Printout (at
[13] of the GD). However, considering that this document and the Printout were
all derived from the same source, ie, the Appellant’s accounting software, we
are unable to see why Supramaniam’s Document is corroborative of the facts
stated in the Printout, the same way a partial photocopy of a book does not
corroborate the truth of the contents of the book.

54 Secondly, the Judge found that even though Ken Yeo was not the person who
made the entries, he was the supplier of the information on the transactions,
which were (partly) substantiated by bank statements (see the GD at [20]).
However, the Printout was relied on to corroborate or prove Ken Yeo’s
assertions, which was that the moneys were transferred on a certain basis
(which we will come to). One of the reasons why Koo should have been called in
the first place is examine the veracity of facts found within the Printout. As
the Judge had previously held in the Singapore High Court decision of Wan Lai
Ting v Kea Kah Kim [2014] 4 SLR 795 at [19], it is highly prejudicial for a
party to rely on evidence that the maker of the statement can testify to but
chooses not to do so, as it may give rise to the possibility that the party
was trying to prevent the maker from being cross-examined because the evidence
might not withstand cross-examination.

55 While it was ultimately within the scope of the Judge’s discretion to admit
the evidence, the admission of the Printout was not in itself sufficient,
without other evidence, to prove a debt because s 34 of the Evidence Act
states that such statements “shall not alone be sufficient evidence to charge
any person with liability”. The obvious danger of relying on account book
entries is even greater if the claimant or one of his affiliates was the one
who was making the records. This danger remains even if accountants had given
an unqualified opinion on the previous consolidated accounts that formed the
basis for the first transaction on the ledger.

56 The Singapore High Court decision of Re Ice-Mack Pte Ltd (in liquidation)
[1989] 2 SLR(R) 283 is illustrative. The issue in that case was whether the
pages from the applicant’s own ledger books were sufficient proof of debt
against a company that was being wound up. The applicant and the company were
associated companies as one Mr Valibhoy managed both companies. The applicant
also adduced an audit confirmation of the sum owed. Yong Pung How CJ found
that, in an arms-length situation, an audit confirmation would be strong
evidence of the correctness of the credit or debit balance. However, because
that confirmation was signed on behalf of the company by Mr Valibhoy, it could
not be accepted as evidence of the debt unless it was corroborated by more
independent evidence (at [11]). Further, at [20]−[21], Yong CJ stated:

20 Presented in a series of bits and pieces, the applicant’s case depended
almost entirely on the acceptance of the evidence of its accountants and its
own audited accounts, which it allowed to surface at need. The audited
accounts of the applicant, as averred by Mr Valibhoy in his fourth affidavit
of 9 March 1989, were indeed prepared to “reflect the state of affairs of the
applicant for the use of its shareholders”, but auditors are dependent for
their information regarding the affairs of a company on what is provided to
them by the persons in control of the management of the company. In this
connection, the relationship between these companies and the manner in which
the persons who had exercised common control over them presented their claim
merely depreciated the value which would normally be given to audited
accounts.

21 It may well be that, in what might be called a straightforward case,
documents such as those produced by the applicant might be accepted as
sufficient evidence to prove a debt obligation. But, in this case, once the
validity of the claim was challenged, it was incumbent on the applicant to go
to the root of the matter and to produce proper evidence of the various “loans
and payments for and on behalf of the company” which added up to the figure of
$2,428,418.49 and which it claimed to have made. There should have been the
proofs indicated by r 81, specifying the credit and debit notes, the vouchers
and receipts, and other documentary evidence by which these loans and payments
for and on behalf of the company could be substantiated. This evidence had
been asked for repeatedly by the Official Receiver but had not been
forthcoming, and throughout the exchange of affidavits before this court, the
applicant appeared to have studiously avoided dealing with this real issue. In
the result, no proper evidence was given of the various “loans and payments
for and on behalf of the company”.

57 While we have accepted in the foregoing analysis that there is some merit
to the Appellant’s arguments, taking the evidence that was considered by the
Judge in isolation, we are unable to say that Ken Yeo has failed to discharge
his burden of proof on the counterclaim. We therefore cannot allow the appeal
simply on this basis alone.

58 We turn now to consider whether the exclusion of the Rejected Evidence
caused a substantial wrong such that either a retrial ought to be ordered or
this court should set aside the decision below based on its own evaluation of
the Rejected Evidence. In our view, the factual matrix in the present case
warrants a retrial.

59 In Basil (at [55]), this court noted that a new trial would ordinarily be
ordered only where (a) the improperly rejected evidence would, if admitted,
have a substantial and realistic prospect of making a meaningful difference to
the outcome of the case, and (b) the appellate court is in no position to
evaluate the improperly rejected evidence itself.

60 With respect to the first requirement, the Appellant contends that the
Rejected Evidence consists of, inter alia, the following evidence:

(a) Ken Yeo and Koo’s control over the Appellant and Ken Yeo and Koo’s ability
to implement and falsify transactions;

(b) Koo was part of Ken Yeo’s fraudulent scheme to defraud the Appellant as
Koo prepared the Printout, and nearly all of the vouchers and payments for the
unauthorised transactions made from the Appellant’s account were approved by
Ken Yeo and verified by Koo;

(c) Ken Yeo’s admission that he maintained the alleged “running account”
between the Appellant and Lincoln College without informing other directors of
the Appellant’s board;

(d) Ken Yeo’s admission that, when he transferred $190,000 on 10 March 2011 to
Lincoln College, he acted in contravention of the Board’s resolution dated 8
March 2010 that he could not approve transfers of monies to Lincoln College;

(e) evidence exhibited in KC’s AEIC of two cheques signed by Ken Yeo that were
issued to Lincoln College that were part of five transactions in Ken Yeo’s
counterclaim (ie, the supposed repayments by the Appellant in the running
account);

(f) 126 transactions between the Appellant, Ken Yeo and Lincoln College based
on the Appellant’s general ledger evidenced by a spreadsheet in Supramaniam’s
reply AEIC; and

(g) Ken Yeo’s admissions that he had withdrawn monies from Lincoln College’s
bank account that had originally been transferred to Lincoln College from the
Appellant.

61 In its written submissions, the Appellant raises more examples of evidence
that if accepted might have played a role in the decision (which we consider
to be part of the Rejected Evidence):

(a) the evidence that even if a running account existed, it was created by Ken
Yeo or Koo to hide their transactions to make secret profits;

(b) the suspicious circumstances surrounding the entries created in the
Appellants’ books between 30 October 2009 and 21 October 2010;

(c) the alleged fraudulent misappropriation of sums that were actually
received from several students by altering the records to reflect discounts
that were not in fact given; and

(d) five transactions in the counterclaim that were identical to five
transactions that were part of the Appellant’s main claim.

62 Having regard to the Rejected Evidence, the Appellant makes the argument
that the Rejected Evidence is relevant to the following questions of fact:

(a) whether there was in fact a “running account” and whether there were
fictitious entries created over the course of the alleged “running account”;

(b) whether the alleged transactions were fictitious or were part of the
alleged “running account”;

(c) whether the alleged transactions formed part of a scheme to enrich Lincoln
College at the Appellant’s account; and

(d) whether there was a balance from the alleged “running account” and who
that balance was in favour of.

63 The Respondents argue, on the other hand, that the exclusion of the
Rejected Evidence had caused no substantial wrong as the evidence would not
have made a difference to the result. Three points were emphasised by the
Respondents in the hearing before us. First, they argue that the Rejected
Evidence would at best go towards demonstrating a modus operandi and/or a
propensity to create fictitious entries. If the specific entries were truly
“fictitious”, the Appellant could simply have produced the bank statements to
prove that the alleged advances had not been made. The Appellant failed to do
so in the trial below. Secondly, the Respondents argue that the concept of a
“running account” had been misunderstood by the Appellant. The Respondent does
not seek an “account” as a form of final relief but specifically seeks the
precise sum of $244,844 owned. Such a “running account” is not amorphous
inasmuch as it is without start or end, and the appropriate delineation of the
running account is from the period of 1 April 2010 to 8 October 2010 (ie, the
time period in which the 18 transactions were made). Thirdly, the Respondents
contend that the counterclaim was brought by Ken Yeo against the Appellant and
that the Rejected Evidence related only to alleged liabilities owing from
Lincoln College to the Appellant. Therefore, it would not have been
appropriate to consider the alleged liabilities of Lincoln College in the
counterclaim.

64 In their first objection, the Respondents focus on the fact that the
Appellant was unable to refute that the “advances” had actually entered the
Appellant’s account. However, as noted above at [43], this is not the only way
in which the entries may be construed to be “fictitious”. The fiction could
conceivably lie in their characterisation as “advances”. Bank statements
produced by the Appellant would not aid it in advancing this point. Instead,
it is necessary for a court to look at the full context of the transactional
history between the parties in order to arrive at a fair decision as to
whether the sums were transferred, whether the transfers were in the nature of
an advance or something else, and whether in the overall scheme of things Ken
Yeo was the creditor and not the debtor. These issues could not be divorced
from the allegations raised in the main claim.

65 In so far as the Respondents’ second objection is concerned, it seems to us
that the parties have been overly fixated on the phrase “running account”,
when the question should, instead, be whether the Rejected Evidence, if
admitted, would go towards proving or disproving the basis for Ken Yeo’s
argument that he is entitled to be repaid. The fact that some monies were
transferred (if that is indeed the case) is only one small element of the
dispute. The legal nature and purpose of the transfer is, if anything, just as
important in determining liability. Thus, one must still ask what the transfer
was truly for. Were the “advances” in the nature of loans (for the purpose of
supplementing cash flows), gifts, consideration under a contract, repayment of
loans, transfers to replenish funds that were taken out (whether properly or
improperly), or transfers used to cover up a fraudulent scheme to
misappropriate funds? Even if they were loans, one might ask whether they were
just part of a larger set of interdependent transactions which were always
intended to be netted off. One could not come to a full and considered
decision by looking at a mere snapshot of one part of the transactional
history between the parties.

66 Finally, the Respondents’ third objection may appear superficially
attractive since liabilities owing from Lincoln College to the Appellant are
technically separate and distinct from liabilities which the Appellant may owe
to Ken Yeo, especially since the defence of set-off had not been pleaded by
the Appellant. However, if it were indeed the case that Lincoln College had
been siphoning off money from the Appellant without approval, and this was
perpetrated by Ken Yeo, it could, in our view, shed light on the true nature
of the transfer of monies from Ken Yeo to the Appellant. Again, the key
question to be addressed is the nature of the transactions which form the
basis of the counterclaim. Proof of a fraudulent scheme which was engendered
as amongst the Respondents would be relevant to such an inquiry.

67 We hasten to add, and this bears emphasis, that our rejection of the
Respondents’ objections above is not, in fairness to them, an indication that
the Rejected Evidence would definitely have made a difference to the outcome
of the case. It must be recalled that the threshold is that of “a substantial
and realistic prospect of making a meaningful difference to the outcome of the
case” and in our view, this threshold had been met. Indeed, the Judge’s own
recognition that “the [Appellant] was hamstrung to the extent that its case
was that the 18 transactions in the ledger [were] just part of a larger scheme
to defraud the plaintiff” (see the GD at [17], also reproduced above at [2])
buttresses our conclusion that the Rejected Evidence did have the requisite
prospect of making a meaningful difference to the outcome of the case. For
this reason, the decision below cannot be allowed to stand.

68 We must next consider whether this court is in a position to evaluate the
Rejected Evidence and determine the appeal on its substantive merits (ie, the
second requirement in Basil). The following observations of this court at [56]
of Basil are instructive:

In the present case, the evidence of the disallowed witnesses would certainly
have a substantial and realistic prospect of making a meaningful difference to
the outcome of the case. In fact, as we have said at various points, the
evidence of the disallowed witnesses might well be of decisive importance in
confirming or refuting the factual positions taken by Basil and the
respondents, as well as the credibility of each side’s witnesses. At the same
time, it is impossible to say precisely what the evidence of the disallowed
witnesses might be, whose evidence would be confirmed, and whose would be
refuted. This can only be done by subjecting both parties’ witnesses to the
crucible of cross-examination. [emphasis added]

69 Similarly, it is impossible, in relation to the present case, to say
precisely what would have transpired if the Appellant had not been wrongfully
denied the opportunity to present its full case, and what the crucible of
cross-examination might have elicited from the various witnesses. Attempting
to predict such an outcome would be an exercise in speculation and we are not
prepared to venture into such murky waters. The Federal Court decision of Chia
Bak Eng and another v Punggol Bus Service Co [1965–1967] SLR(R) 270 is
illustrative. In that case, the trial judge had erred in rejecting the
evidence of one Lim Ah Huat (“Lim”), who was a bystander to an accident. The
appellate court declined to simply reverse the conclusions of the learned
judge and accept the evidence of Lim as true, primarily on the basis that this
required a determination of Lim’s credibility, who was the only witness called
by the plaintiff, and it was difficult to estimate correctly the credibility
of the witness from the printed evidence (at [21]).

70 Whilst the parties seek a final decision of this court on the merits, in
preference to the trouble as well as concomitant costs of a retrial,
especially given the Appellant’s monetary woes, this court is in no position
to determine whose version of the facts should be believed based merely on the
AEICs filed and the transcript generated from the limited cross-examination on
the background facts relating to both the counterclaim and main claim that was
permitted below. We see no alternative but to order a retrial, notwithstanding
that this was a remedy that has not been sought by either party (see O 57 r 13
of the Rules of Court; see also the Hong Kong Court of Appeal decision of Ku
Chiu Chung Woody v Tang Tin Sung [2003] HKEC 727 at [22]−[28]).

71 However, as the Judge had only allowed the counterclaim in the sum of
$218,000, which is less than the District Court limit of $250,000, we consider
it appropriate that the trial of the counterclaim be held in the District
Court, as we take the view that the Respondents, even if entirely successful,
would not recover anything more than what the Judge had awarded. This was also
the situation in Basil (at [81]) where this court exercised its powers under
para 10 of the First Schedule to the SCJA and s 54C(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (now the State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev
Ed)), read with s 29A(3) of the SCJA, to send the case to the District Court
to be heard. We so order.

72 Before we depart from the present analysis, although the Appellant has not
appealed against the decisions to award security for costs or the subsequent
stay and dismissal of the main claim for failure to furnish security, it would
be appropriate for us to make a few observations as to the appropriateness of
ordering such security in circumstances such as the present, where in dealing
with the substance of the claim and the counterclaim, many of the same issues
would arise.

Security for costs

73 The order for security for costs in this case was made under s 388 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

Security for costs

388.—(1) Where a corporation is plaintiff in any action or other legal
proceeding the court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by
credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will
be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence,
require sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all
proceedings until the security is given.

74 There is no question that the court has jurisdiction to award security for
costs in the present case. Our concern is whether the discretion to do so
should have been exercised by the court, ie, whether in all the circumstances
it was just to order the Appellant to provide security for costs and the
extent of such security (see the decision of this court in Creative Elegance
(M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and another [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [13]).

75 The underlying rationale for ordering a plaintiff to give security for
costs is to “protect a defendant (or a claimant placed in a similar position
by a counterclaim) who is forced into litigation at the election of someone
else against adverse costs consequences of that litigation” (see the English
Court of Appeal decision of Autoweld Systems Ltd v Kito Enterprises LLC [2010]
EWCA Civ 1469 (“Autoweld”) at [59]). This is because “while it is up to a
plaintiff to decide on whether to run the risk of suing a party who may not be
good for costs, a defendant has no comparable choice” (Singapore Civil
Procedure Volume I (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2015) (“SCP”) at para
23/0/2). More specifically, the point of security for costs under s 388 of the
Companies Act is to protect the defendant from abusive suits by impecunious
corporate bodies and it should not itself be wielded as an instrument of
oppression: see SCP at para 23/3/19.

76 Like in most matters involving the exercise of discretion, the appropriate
decision often rests on a nuanced appreciation of the factual matrix in the
totality of the instant case. In the Singapore High Court decision of L & M
Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd [2001] 3 SLR(R)
208, Judith Prakash J accepted the following non-exhaustive circumstances as
being among those which the court might take into account in the following
terms (at [10]):

(a) whether the company’s claim is bona fide and not a sham;

(b) whether the company has a reasonably good prospect of success;

(c) whether there is an admission by the defendants on the pleadings or
elsewhere that money is due;

(d) whether the application for security was being used oppressively;

(e) whether the company’s want of means has been brought about by the
defendants, such as delay in payments;

(f) lateness in taking out the application.

77 In addition to the factors referred to in the preceding paragraph, there is
another factor which plays an important role in the exercise of the court’s
discretion, namely, the fact that it is often inappropriate to award security
for costs where the claim and counterclaim are co-extensive. This is a weighty
factor, as the following cases will illustrate.

78 We begin with the decision of this court in Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star
Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 427 (“Wishing Star”). In Wishing Star, the dispute
revolved around whether the contract between the parties was validly
terminated. The appellant terminated the contract alleging that the respondent
had made material misrepresentations in its tender submission for the
contract. The respondent commenced legal proceedings against the appellant for
wrongful termination. The appellant claimed that it had lawfully rescinded the
contract and counterclaimed for damages suffered. The appellant subsequently
applied for security for costs nearly four months after trial dates had been
set down. The Court of Appeal agreed with the assistant registrar and the High
Court judge that security should not be ordered in that case. The Court of
Appeal identified two factors in Wishing Star as weighing heavily in the
respondent’s favour (at [16]−[21]):

(a) The first was the delay in taking out the application. Numerous steps had
been taken in the proceedings by the time it was filed, and substantial work
had already been undertaken by the solicitors of both parties.

(b) The other factor was the fact that, given the substantial overlap between
the appellant’s defence to the claim and the counterclaim, no significant
additional costs would be incurred by the appellant whether or not the claim
of the respondent was stayed. It was a significant consideration that granting
security in such a situation could amount to indirectly aiding the appellant
to pursue its counterclaim.

79 Before dealing with the second factor highlighted in the preceding
paragraph, it would be useful to take a moment to discuss the effect of delay
on an application for security for costs. The weight to be given to this
factor may depend on the reasons for the delay, the length of the delay, and,
crucially, the prejudice caused by the delay. A good explanation may be
necessary in circumstances where the defendant was well aware from an early
stage of the proceedings that the plaintiff company is impecunious but only
applies for security for costs late in the day, after the financially
straitened plaintiff has already expended much of its limited resources
preparing for a trial which may now never come. As Newnes JA put it in the
Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Western Australia decision of Christou
v Stanton Partners Australasia Pty Ltd [2011] WASCA 176 (at [20]), a plaintiff
“is entitled to know at the earliest opportunity, before it has committed
substantial resources to pursuing the litigation, whether it will be required
to provide security” and, importantly, “[s]ecurity for costs is not a card
that a defendant can keep up its sleeve and play at its convenience” [emphasis
added].

80 The delay in the present case was substantial. As noted above at [15], the
Respondents had raised the issue of security for costs on 18 March 2013, and
then failed to make an application by the deadline of 28 March 2013. Security
was only sought on 10 July 2014, which was more than a year later. A plaintiff
in such circumstances may well have incurred costs and adopted certain
positions under the fair assumption that the defendant, who knows of the
plaintiff’s financial position, would not be seeking security.

81 Returning to the point on intersecting cross-claims, Prakash J, in the
Singapore High Court decision of Ong Jane Rebecca v Pricewaterhousecoopers and
others [2009] 2 SLR(R) 796 held (at [27]) that, even if there is some overlap
between the defences and counterclaims, it does not mean that no security can
be ordered, and the degree of overlap can be taken into account in considering
both whether security should be ordered and the quantum of security to be
ordered.

82 Whilst Wishing Star and Ong Jane referred to the overlap between the
defence and the counterclaim, it is nevertheless well established that, for
similar reasons, a close overlap between the claim and the counterclaim also
militates against the granting of the security for costs. In this particular
regard, the English Court of Appeal decision of B J Crabtree (Insulation) Ltd
v GPT Communication Systems Ltd (1990) 59 BLR 43 (“Crabtree”), which was
referred to in Wishing Star (at [20]), is instructive. As stated in an oft-
cited passage by Bingham LJ (as he then was) in Crabtree (at 52–53):

It is, however, necessary, as I think, to consider what the effect of an order
for security in this case would be if security were not given. It would have
the effect, as the defendants acknowledge, of preventing the plaintiffs
pursuing their claim. It would, however, leave the defendants free to pursue
their counterclaim. The plaintiffs could then defend themselves against the
counterclaim although their own claim was stayed. It seems quite clear and,
indeed, was not I think in controversy – that in the course of defending the
counterclaim all the same matters would be canvassed as would be canvassed if
the plaintiffs were to pursue their claim, but on that basis they would defend
the claim and advance their own in a somewhat hobbled manner, and would be
conducting the litigation (to change the metaphor) with one hand tied behind
their back. I have to say that that does not appeal to me on the facts of this
case as a just or attractive way to oblige a party to conduct its litigation.

Mr Phillips for the defendants submits there would really be no problem
because, if the defendants failed in their counterclaim and the plaintiffs’
case contrary to the counterclaim effectively succeeded, then the stay could
be lifted and the plaintiffs could be given judgment. But on that assumption
one is bound to ask what would be the point of making the order at all except
to give the defendants a tactical advantage in the litigation.

One comes back, I think, at the end of the day to the reflection that this is
a rule intended to give a measure of protection to a defendant who is put to
the cost of defending himself against a claim made by an impecunious corporate
plaintiff. It may in some cases be fair and just to make such an order even
though the defendant is himself counterclaiming, but I am persuaded that it
would be wrong to do so here because the costs that these defendants are
incurring to defend themselves may equally, and perhaps preferably, be
regarded as costs necessary to prosecute their counterclaim. Of course, as Mr
Phillips points out, they may decide later not to prosecute their
counterclaim, but that would be a different situation from that which now
presents itself before the court and upon the basis of which we have to rule.
The fact that the plaintiffs are plaintiffs and the defendants are
counterclaiming defendants instead of the other way round appears on the facts
here to be very largely a matter of chance. …

[emphasis added]

83 In other words, where the claim and counterclaim raise the same issues it
will not usually be just to make an order for security for costs in favour of
the defendant, although the court must always consider the particular
circumstances of the case: see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decision of Anglo Irish Asset Finance Plc v Flood and another [2011] EWCA Civ
799 (at [20]). This is an important, but not determinative, factor – for
example, the prejudice of the plaintiff being limited in the continuing
litigation may be offset by the possibility that there may be no continuing
litigation at all (see Autoweld at [58]–[60]).

84 While the dismissal of a claim for want of security would not ipso facto
prevent a plaintiff from raising overlapping evidence that is relevant to his
defence to the counterclaim (as we have emphasised earlier in this judgment),
an unfair result may still be occasioned if the plaintiff succeeds in his
defence by relying on the same issues he raised in his main claim, and after
having “incurred all the costs required to bring that claim to judgment in the
prosecution of his defence of the… counterclaim”, he would still be unable to
secure judgment on his claim: see Dumrul at [18] (cited above at [41]). The
effect would merely be “to prevent the claimant from obtaining compensation or
other remedies in excess of the remedies, if any, to which the counterclaimant
may be entitled”: see Civil Procedure Volume 1 (I R Scott and Steven D
Whitaker gen eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2014) at para 25.13.1.1. We would note
that, in Crabtree, Bingham LJ suggested (in the passage set out above at [82])
that if the claim was merely stayed, the stay could be lifted if the
plaintiffs’ case contrary to the counterclaim effectively succeeded, and
judgment could be entered in favour of the plaintiffs’ own claim. However, as
he noted, one might then ask what the point of the stay would therefore be.

85 One might also consider what would have happened if the shoe was on the
other foot, ie, that the Appellant had instead sought security for costs from
the Respondents for the counterclaim. Even though security for costs may
generally be ordered in respect of a counterclaim, a court will ordinarily not
order security for costs in respect of a counterclaim that arises in respect
of the same matter or transaction upon which the claim is founded if it is in
substance the nature of a defence. We refer to Bingham LJ’s pithy statement of
principle in the English Court of Appeal decision of Hutchison Telephone (UK)
Ltd v Ultimate Response Ltd [1993] BCLC 307 (“Hutchison”) as follows (at 317):

… The trend of authority makes it plain that, even though a counterclaiming
defendant may technically be ordered to give security for the costs of a
plaintiff against whom he counterclaims, such an order should not ordinarily
be made if all the defendant is doing, in substance, is to defend himself.
Such an approach is consistent with the general rule that security may not be
ordered against a defendant. So the question may arise, as a question of
substance, not formality or pleading: is the defendant simply defending
himself, or is he going beyond mere self-defence and launching a cross-claim
with an independent vitality of its own? [emphasis in italics in original;
emphasis added in bold italics]

86 In Pannone v Aadvark Digital [2013] 4 Costs LO 607, the English High Court
considered Crabtree and Hutchison and concluded as follows (at [26]):

However, in my judgment, as Bingham LJ stressed in both Crabtree and
Hutchison, there is no rule of thumb which is to be applied in this case. …
The justice of the case will be affected by the considerations referred to in
the various cases, such as the degree of overlap of issues between the claim
and the counterclaim, the amounts claimed and counterclaimed respectively and
an assessment of the substance of the matter by asking whether a counterclaim
is in substance a defence or in substance an independent claim. Because the
court is concerned to assess the substance of the matter, it is less concerned
with more technical matters as to whether a claim is, or can be, pleaded as a
set off or can only be asserted as a cross claim. Further, the court is not
influenced, or certainly not much influenced by, the fact as to who first sued
whom.

87 In our view, the existence of the counterclaim which would require the
raising of numerous issues that coincide with the claim is a factor which may
well have influenced the various procedural decisions below, if only the
argument had been clearly made. However, since there has been no appeal with
respect to the decision to order security for costs and the corresponding
decision to dismiss the main claim for failure to furnish such security, we
will say no more on this matter.

Costs

Whether third party costs should have been ordered in the circumstances

88 The Appellant also contests the Judge’s decision to order the Appellant, KC
and CM to pay the costs of the main claim and the counterclaim jointly and
severally. This issue turns on the appropriateness of the award of third-party
costs and we shall commence with the applicable general principles in that
respect.

89 The leading Singapore authority on when non-party costs should be ordered
is this court’s decision in DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd
and another appeal [2010] 3 SLR 542 (“DB Trustees”), in which the following
general principles were summarised as follows:

(a) A court is not precluded from awarding costs in favour of or against a
third party (at [23]).

(b) Such costs orders are exceptional in the sense that it is outside the
ordinary run of cases where parties pursue or defend claims for their own
benefit and at their own expense – the ultimate question is whether in all the
circumstances it is just to make the order (at [26]–[27], citing the Privy
Council decision of Dymocks Franchise Systems (NSW) Pty Ltd v Todd and others
(Associated Industrial Finance Pty Ltd, Third Party) [2004] 1 WLR 2807
(“Dymocks”) (at [25]).

(c) There are two factors, among the myriad of possibly relevant
considerations, that ought to almost always be present to make it just to
award costs against a non-party, even though they do not necessarily have to
be present (see generally at [29]−[36]):

(i) There must be a close connection between the non-party and the proceedings
– it is sufficient that the non-party either funds or controls legal
proceedings with the intention of ultimately deriving a benefit from them –
and whether there is a close connection depends on the facts of the case (at
[30] and [34]).

(ii) The non-party must have caused the incurring of the costs – it would not
be fair to order costs against the non-party if the litigant would have
incurred the costs regardless (at [35]).

90 Some clarification was provided by this court in Maryani Sadeli v Arjun
Permanand Samtani and another and other appeals [2015] 1 SLR 496 (at [66])
where it was stated that the two factors in DB Trustees are by no means
conclusive and the award of costs is ultimately a matter of discretion.

91 The principles in DB Trustees (as well as Dymocks) have also been
elaborated upon in two Singapore High Court decisions as follows:

(a) The fact that the non-parties are the only shareholders and directors of a
company and would therefore be the real and only beneficiaries of any
successful outcome in the litigation should not be the overriding factor in
consideration for otherwise “any court which rules against any closely-held
company would have to order costs against its shareholders and directors
personally” and “drive a coach and horses through the doctrine of the separate
liability of the company” (see Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter
and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties) [2011] 1 SLR 582
at [26]).

(b) Ordering costs against a non-party and shareholder of an impecunious
litigant company is to pierce the corporate veil and it is not a principle of
law that where a litigant company is unable to pay costs the successful party
can look to the person with a close connection to that company for costs; the
corporate veil is usually only lifted where there is fraud or highly
unconscionable conduct: see Nanyang Law LLC v Alphomega Research Group Ltd
[2012] 4 SLR 1153 (at [5]).

92 The decisions referred to in the preceding paragraph are consistent with
the holdings in the well-known English Court of Appeal decision in Metalloy
Supplies Ltd v MA (UK) Ltd [1997] 1 WLR 1613 (“Metalloy”) where it was stated
by Millett LJ (as he then was) at 1620:

… It is not, however, sufficient to render a director liable for costs that he
was a director of the company and caused it to bring or defend proceedings
which he funded and which ultimately failed. Where such proceedings are bought
[sic] bona fide and for the benefit of the company, the company is the real
plaintiff. If in such a case an order for costs could be made against a
director in the absence of some impropriety or bad faith on his part, the
doctrine of the separate liability of the company would be eroded and the
principle that such orders should be exceptional would be nullified.

93 Whilst impropriety or bad faith on the directors’ or shareholders’ part in
causing the company to bring proceedings is an important factor in deciding
whether they should be made personally liable for costs, we should emphasise
that there is no strict requirement that such elements should be made out
before an order can be made. Thus, where directors who were also guarantors of
the debt of the company and who had conduct of the appeal pursued an appeal
that the receiver of the company would not have taken to the bitter end and
which was “was not an appeal which on any realistic objective assessment could
be said to have good prospects of success”, it was appropriate to exercise the
power to make the non-parties pay costs (in this case, from the date they
funded the litigation): see the English Court of Appeal decision of Fulton
Motors Limited v Toyota (GB) Limited [2000] CP Rep 24. The lodestar is always
whether it is just to do so in all the circumstances of the case concerned.

94 We now turn to the appropriateness of the decision below as to the costs of
the main claim and the counterclaim. They raise slightly different issues and
so, for clarity, we will deal with them separately.

Third party costs for the main claim

95 To begin, we accept that the basic factors laid out in DB Trustees (see
above at [89(c)]) have been met. That, as we have explained, is not, however,
the end of the story. The court must still be satisfied that it is just for
costs to have been ordered against KC and CM for the main claim. We see no
evidence that the main claim was not bona fide, or that the Appellant was not
the proper plaintiff or that KC and CM had acted improperly, although the
Respondents’ counsel argues that KC had not handled himself well in the way he
asked for the defence to be amended and trial dates to be vacated during the
trial, and also alleges that the Appellant had deliberately supressed
evidence. We do not think that this amounts to bad faith, especially
considering that KC, whilst legally trained, is not a practising lawyer.
Moreover, the Judge himself had found that “it could not be said that the
plaintiff had conducted the litigation in an extravagant, disproportionate or
oppressive manner” (see the GD at [30]).

96 It should be reiterated that the Appellant failed on the main claim because
of the failure to provide security for costs, and not upon the merits of the
case as such. Whilst we see no reason in principle to prevent non-party costs
from being awarded in such a situation, it is a factor that this court should
take into account when looking at the justice of the case. Further, a
director/shareholder should not typically be discouraged from acting
responsibly in assisting the company in getting compensation from those who
may have wronged it and put it out of funds.

97 In Metalloy, the plaintiff company was in liquidation and it was unable to
put up security for costs. The claim was thus dismissed and the liquidator was
ordered to pay costs personally. This went to the English Court of Appeal
which allowed the liquidator’s appeal against the decision for him to pay
costs personally. As Waller LJ put it (at 1619):

… All that happened was that having successfully resisted an order for
security for costs, on appeal the plaintiff company was ordered to provide
security. That in fact forced the liquidator to discontinue. There was nothing
exceptional in his conduct; there was nothing improper in his conduct; and no
one in fact warned him that they were going to suggest otherwise. …

98 It was also held in Metalloy (at 1619) that there is nothing unreasonable
or irresponsible about continuing an action just because the company has not
the funds to fight a trial. As Millett LJ stated (at 1620), “[i]t is obviously
risky for a plaintiff to begin proceedings which he cannot afford to finish,
but it is not unreasonable, still less improper, for him to do so”.

99 In the present case, costs were awarded against non-party shareholders or
directors, even though they were funding a bona fide claim, which had been
belatedly dismissed for failure to provide security for costs, in
circumstances where the impecunious corporate plaintiff is clearly the proper
claimant and there has been no finding of any impropriety or bad faith from
the aforesaid shareholders. We fail to see anything extraordinary about the
facts on the present case that should have merited such an order.

100 Indeed, as mentioned earlier (above at [80]), the Respondents’ application
for security for costs came late in the day notwithstanding that they were
aware of the Appellant’s parlous financial position from an early stage. They
may have had their own reasons for adopting such an approach – in their
written submission for SUM 3367 it was explained that the Respondent’s present
solicitors only took over conduct of the matter on 4 June 2014 and there was
an outstanding “unless order” application against the Respondents at the time
– but the point is that the trial dates had already been fixed and, by the
time the order was made, the AEICs had been exchanged. Much of the costs of
getting up had already accrued. The result is that the Appellant, KC and CM
found themselves in a position where, after expending much time and money to
fund the litigation, they were deprived of the chance of having the main claim
heard at the eleventh hour. To also order that KC and CM pay for the
Respondents’ costs out of their own pockets when it was entirely within the
Respondents’ right and power to have taken out a security for costs
application at an early stage appears to us to be unfair, and militates
against an award of non-party costs.

101 The Respondents submit that it is nevertheless fair for KC and CM to pay
for the costs of the main claim since they had stated on affidavit that they
have been funding the litigation and “[would] undertake any orders if any”.
However, this undertaking was made in the context of resisting an order for
security for costs, which the Appellant was ultimately unsuccessful in. We
read the undertaking as a conditional one, premised on the main claim being
continued. This is not a scenario where the Respondents had withdrawn the
application for security for costs in reliance on that promise, and we have
not seen any evidence that the Respondents have been prejudiced by the
statement in the affidavit. What CM said in her affidavit had clearly not
influenced the Respondents in how they conducted the litigation, or the court
below in its various procedural decisions.

102 In the result, it was not in the interests of justice for costs to have
been ordered against KC and CM for the main claim.

Third party costs for the counterclaim below

103 To begin, and as counsel for the Respondents acknowledges, different
considerations may apply where a company is forced to defend a claim as
compared to a case where the company itself is the claimant (see, for example,
the English Court of Appeal decision of Goodwood Recoveries Ltd v Breen [2006]
1 WLR 2723 at [48]).

104 When a claim or a counterclaim is brought against a company that is short
of funds, the directors and shareholders (or the liquidator, if it is already
insolvent) will frequently be the ones who are both in control of the
proceedings and funding the company in the litigation, resulting in costs
being incurred. To the extent that the value of their shareholding or any
other interest that they may have in the company (if any) is enhanced by a
positive result, they also stand to benefit by a successful defence. The
factors in Dymocks and DB Trustees will therefore frequently be made out. But
does that mean that it is automatically just for non-party costs to be
awarded?

105 Guidance can be found in the following passage in the pre-Dymocks decision
of Taylor & Anor v Pace Developments Ltd [1991] BCC 406, a decision of the
English Court of Appeal (at 409):

The controlling director of a one-man company is inevitably the person who
causes the costs to be incurred, in one sense, by causing the company to
defend the proceedings. But it could not be right that in every such case he
should be made personally liable for the costs, even if he knows that the
company will not be able to meet the plaintiff's costs, should the company
prove unsuccessful. That would be far too great an inroad on the principle of
limited liability. I do not say that there may not be cases where a director
may not [sic] properly be liable for costs. Thus he might be made liable if
the company's defence is not bona fide, as, for example, where the company has
been advised that there is no defence, and the proceedings are defended out of
spite, or for the sole purpose of causing the plaintiffs to incur
irrecoverable costs. No doubt there will be other cases. But such cases must
necessarily be rare. In the great majority of cases the directors of an
insolvent company which defends proceedings brought against it should not be
at personal risk of costs.

106 Thus where the insolvent company’s defence is bona fide, a court should
lean against an award of such third party costs for the primary reason that it
would not be in the public interest or, indeed, the interests of the other
creditors, to deter the directors or shareholders from assisting it to pursue
a legitimate defence even if it turns out, in the end, that the defence was
not successful. But this is not a strict rule and the factual circumstances
may vary widely from case to case. In the present case, we do not think it can
be said that the defence to the counterclaim was not bona fide in that it was
unsustainable or was for the sole purpose of causing the defendant to incur
irrecoverable costs. We are satisfied that the Appellant was reasonable in
defending the counterclaim, that it was in the interests of the Appellant and
its creditors that this should be done, and the fact that it was seriously
impeded from properly pursuing it below should not be held against it, or KC
and CM.

The appropriate order of costs

107 We are satisfied that the decision to order non-party costs below was
inappropriate, and we therefore set it aside. The question remains as to what
the costs order ought to be, both here and below.

108 In so far as the order for costs for the main claim was concerned, there
is no appeal against the main claim or the order that the Appellant itself
should pay $20,000 as costs. We see no reason to disturb the Judge’s order in
this respect, save for the part that KC and CM are to bear the costs of main
claim jointly and severally with the Appellant.

109 We have allowed the appeal on the counterclaim and ordered a retrial in
the District Court (see above at [70]–[71]). In Basil (at [83]–[86]), this
court found itself in a similar position. In that case, it was found that the
retrial had to be ordered in that case largely because of the conduct of the
respondents via their “misguided procedural strategies”; however, the
appellant’s counsel did not assist the court in the way that someone of his
experience would be expected to. In our judgment, the position appears to be
similar here, but, in the interests of fairness, we will hear the parties on
the issue of the costs below and on appeal with respect to the counterclaim at
a date to be fixed.

Conclusion

110 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal and order a retrial for
the counterclaim in the District Court. The Judge’s decision to order non-
party costs is set aside. The usual consequential orders will apply. For the
avoidance of doubt, this does not affect the result in the main claim which
has already been dismissed (and for which no appeal was taken to this court),
except that the costs of the main claim (which was fixed at $20,000) shall be
borne by the Appellant alone. Finally, we will hear the parties on the issue
of the costs below and on appeal with respect to the counterclaim at a date to
be fixed.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Prakash Pillai, Koh Junxiang and Clement Ong Yuan Kun (Clasis LLC) for the
appellant;  
Jordan Tan and Keith Han (Cavenagh Law LLP) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

