Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCR 12

Suit No 1351 of 2014

HC/AD 43/2015

Between

(1)| Ng Hua Bak(NRIC No. S0514858H)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Eu Kok Thai(NRIC No. S0210801A)  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Damages][Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Hua Bak

  
v

  

Eu Kok Thai

[2016] SGHCR 12

High Court — Suit No 1351 of 2014 (Assessment of Damages No 43 of 2015)  
Jay Lee Yuxian AR  
12, 13, 14 January 2016, 24 March 2016, 5 May 2016, 8 June 2016  

2 November 2016 Judgment reserved.

Jay Lee Yuxian AR:

INTRODUCTION

1 The Plaintiff was 69 years old at the time of the accident on 1 April 2009.
He was then a full time taxi driver with Comfort Transportation Pte Ltd
(“Comfort Taxi”). At the time of the Assessment of Damages (“AD”) hearing, the
Plaintiff was turning 76 years of age.

2 The Defendant was a driver of a motor vehicle involved in the traffic
accident with the Plaintiff which occurred on 1 April 2009.

3 In the event, liability was not disputed and interlocutory judgment was
entered by Consent at 100% in the Plaintiff’s favour on 23 May 2012. The
present action concerns the assessment of damages.

4 Whilst the dispute rested on settled principles of law, there were
preliminary skirmishes over the state of the evidence at the commencement of
the hearing. The Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) was
deposed in November 2013 and there was no supplementary AEIC put in by the
Plaintiff for the AD hearing taking place in 2016. A significant corpus of
evidence was compiled into bundles and sought to be admitted on the basis of a
purported or assumed agreement between parties. The Defendant’s counsel
however pointed out that there was in fact no agreement between parties to
dispense with formal proof or admissibility of some of the documents. This
unwieldy state of affairs predictably led to some protracted and contentious
exchanges between counsel on the scope of the “agreed” bundles and on which
documents were to be admitted into evidence throughout the days of the
hearing. The issues pertaining to the utility of “agreed bundles” and the
guiding observations to resolve the tension between the underlying rationale
of the Evidence Act and efficiency and fairness of the trial process, was
comprehensively canvassed by the Court of Appeal in Jet Holdings Ltd & Ors v
Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd & Anor [2006] 3 S.L.R. (R) 769 and need not
be repeated here: see [40] to [56]. For my part and in the context of this AD
hearing, it suffices to observe that it would have been more efficient for
parties to address their minds to resolve any evidential disputes and
calibrate the scope of agreement under any proposed agreed bundles prior to
the hearing rather than wait to ventilate these issues only at the start of
the hearing. Issues such as whether a document is agreed to be admitted into
evidence, agreed as to authenticity and/or content can be addressed prior to
the hearing. This would then result in a smoother and more efficient hearing
process as well as a better organised corpus of evidence after the hearing.

Items of Claim

5 At the outset, I note that the heads of claim for (i) future medical
expenses in respect of bi-annual consultations and follow up at the Spine
Specialist Clinic at $212.00 and (ii) medical expenses (claimed as special
damages) at $18,814.91 was not in dispute.

6 The items claimed by the Plaintiff and which were in dispute are outlined
below. Each item, together with the relevant authorities will be discussed in
turn.

General Damages

(a) Pain and Suffering

(i) Neck and whiplash associated injury

(ii) Dysphagia and Odynophagia

(iii) Osteoarthritis in shoulder and knee joints

(b) Loss of Future Earnings or alternatively Loss of Earning Capacity

(c) Future Medical Expenses

(d) Future Transport Expenses

Special Damages

(e) Pre-trial loss of earning

(f) Transport Expenses

Disputed Items

Pain and Suffering

Neck and whiplash associated injury

7 Relying primarily on the evidence of Dr Hee Hwan Tak (“Dr Hee”), the
Plaintiff claimed to have suffered severe neck injury that manifested with
whiplash associated disorders. Following the accident, the Plaintiff underwent
an anterior cervical discectomy and fusion at the C5/6 level of his cervical
spine on 18 September 2009 (the “First surgery”). The Plaintiff’s case is that
following the first surgery, he had difficulty swallowing in early 2010 (a
condition known as dysphagia) and was referred by the ENT specialist (Dr
Jeevendra Kanagalingam) back to the hospital for further treatment. He
underwent a second fusion surgery (the “Second surgery”) at the C4/5 level of
his spine on 30 April 2010 to address this. Post-operatively, he claimed to
experience pain while swallowing (a condition known as odynophagia).
Presently, the Plaintiff claims he continues to experience neck pain, neck
stiffness and giddiness. He claimed that his neck injuries would fall within
the category of “Severe (a)(ii)” under the Guidelines for the Assessment of
Damages in Personal Injury Cases 2010 (the “Guidelines”).

8 The Defendant contended that the Plaintiff’s neck injury fell within the
category of “moderate” rather than the category of “severe” under the
Guidelines, and that the Plaintiff was exaggerating the extent of the residual
pain and disabilities from the neck injury. The Defendant relied primarily on
the expert evidence of Dr W C Chang (“Dr Chang”) and Dr Chang’s medical report
dated 11 November 2015.

9 The medical evidence showed that the Plaintiff suffered from a prolapse
injury to his cervical spine caused by the accident. The C5/6 disc prolapse
was noted by both Dr Hee and Dr Chang in their medical reports. This was
uncontroversial.

10 The medical evidence also showed that the Plaintiff initially suffered from
neck pain radiating to his left arm following the accident. This was reflected
in Dr Hee’s medical report dated 22 February 2010 which records that the
Plaintiff “was admitted to NUH…for neck pain after an accident…”, was
“initially treated conservatively” and “…did not improve and still complained
of neck pain radiating to his left arm” and was thereafter referred for the
First surgery. In the same report, Dr Hee noted that the Plaintiff “was
better” at the review on 23 December 2009, although no details of the
improvements were recorded. Dr Hee’s next report dated 16 December 2010 shed
more light on the Plaintiff’s condition. It recorded again that the Plaintiff
was admitted to NUH following the accident “for neck pain radiating to his
left arm” and that following the First surgery, the Plaintiff’s “left upper
limb symptoms improved somewhat after the surgery”. Dr Hee’s evidence on the
Plaintiff’s improvements following the surgery was further explained by Dr Hee
during cross-examination where he agreed that the First surgery was successful
in reducing the Plaintiff’s neurological or nerve symptoms to his left arm. Dr
Naresh Kumar’s report of 20 October 2014 ultimately accepts that the Plaintiff
“may have some neck pain” which can be addressed by “posture advice and
physiotherapy”, although Dr Kumar notes, following a review of the
radiological investigations, that he does not think the Plaintiff “should get
neck pain on a bumpy road or feeling of neck dropping off when he gets off
from the car” and that it is difficult to explain why the Plaintiff should be
getting neck pain when rotating his neck.

11 I also considered the video surveillance evidence produced by the
Defendant. In my observation, the quality of the video surveillance meant that
it was not able to accurately reflect whether the Plaintiff experienced
pain/discomfort or the degree of pain/discomfort experienced when executing
movements of the neck and it did not provide much assistance on this point.

12 In my view, the overall evidence shows that moderate, but not severe neck
pain is present.

13 The medical evidence also shows on balance that the Plaintiff suffered a
moderate but not severe restriction of motion to his neck. It was common
ground between the two key medical experts that given the 2 fusion procedures,
limitation of neck movement was expected. The dispute was over how severe the
restriction to neck motion was and on this issue I considered the following to
be relevant:

(a) Dr Hee’s report of 17 November 2014 recorded his observation that the
Plaintiff has “neck stiffness in all directions”, “there was global reduction
in range of motion of his cervical spine”, the “extension and lateral flexion
(left and right) were severely limited (about 5 degrees)” and “[f]lexion and
lateral rotation were about 10 to 15 degrees”. However, when questioned on the
restriction of motion of the Plaintiff’s neck, Dr Hee accepted that the
ordinary range of neck rotation (the motion of turning the head to face the
left or to face the right) was in the region of 60 degrees to each side and
that with 2 fusion procedures, the expected restriction to rotation was in the
region of 8 degrees to each side. Dr Hee also accepted that with 2 fusion
procedures, the expected restriction to flexion and extension was in the
region of 14 degrees. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

NE Day 1 – pg 68 line 5 to 24.

This suggested that Dr Hee’s observed limitation to the Plaintiff’s neck
movements was out of proportion to the generally expected restriction in
motion.

(b) The surveillance video of the Plaintiff was only helpful to the limited
extent that in my observation it showed that his neck movements appeared
somewhat restricted. Under examination, both Dr Hee and Dr Chang maintained
that the surveillance video footage aligned with their own respective
assessments. However, I must note that, it was simply not possible to tell
with precision from the video what the degree of restriction to the motion
was. I also accept Dr Hee’s explanation under examination that the
surveillance video footage did show that the Plaintiff’s spontaneous neck
movements were not done to the limits of a normal person and that the
Plaintiff would rely on his back to execute movements as this accorded with my
visual observations. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE Day 1 – pg 32, line 26 to pg 33, line 2.

Footage from the surveillance video also showed the Plaintiff was able to
execute Tai Chi exercises, jog and do sit ups, however I noted that it
appeared from the video footage at least that in performing these motions, the
Plaintiff’s neck movements did appear somewhat restricted.

(c) The report of Dr Naresh Kumar dated 20 October 2014 recorded that the
Plaintiff’s “range of movement of the neck is likely to be restricted”.
Although Dr Kumar did note separately that based on the radiological
investigations it was difficult to explain why the Plaintiff should be getting
neck pain when he rotated his neck, this statement spoke to the degree of neck
pain but did not significantly undermine the Plaintiff’s complaints of neck
stiffness.

(d) In his medical report of 11 November 2015, Dr Chang recorded his
observations that the Plaintiff’s neck “was extremely stiff. There was no
extension, left or right lateral flexion. Flexion was only about 5 degrees.”
It should be noted that Dr Chang opined “[t]he stiffness was felt to be due to
lack of volition and effort to move on his part”. Under examination, Dr Chang
gave more elaboration and eventually accepted that given the 2 fusion
procedures, the Plaintiff could experience up to 30% restriction in neck
movements.

14 There was also evidence that the Plaintiff cervical spine had recovered
fairly well after the first and second fusion procedures in the sense that
based on the reviewed x rays and MRIs there was good fusion at the C4/5 and
C5/6 level and no significant residual cord compression. This was consistently
noted in the reports of Dr Kumar dated 20 October 2014, Dr Hee dated 17
November 2014 as well as Dr Quek dated 17 April 2015.

15 The Plaintiff complained of other residual pain and disabilities associated
with the neck injury. Here I note the evidence is consistent that the
Plaintiff continues to suffer from some degree of reduction in power to his
left hand grip. This was observed both in Dr Naresh Kumar’s report dated 20
October 2014 and Dr Chang’s report of 11 November 2015. I also accept the
evidence of Dr Hee that it is common for cervical spine injuries to be
accompanied by the twin complaints of giddiness and headache. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE Day 1 – Pg 49, line 17 to 20.

The Plaintiff’s complaint of giddiness was also noted relatively early on in
Dr Hee’s report of 16 December 2010.

16 The totality of the evidence reviewed above supports a finding that the
Whiplash associated disorders suffered by the Plaintiff come within Grade 4 on
the Quebec classification which corresponds to a clinical presentation where
there are “neck complaints with fracture or dislocation or injury to the
spinal cord”. It is uncontroversial that the accident left the Plaintiff
requiring an initial fusion procedure at the C5/6 level of the spine. In my
view, the Plaintiff’s whiplash associated neck injuries fall within the
“moderate” (b)(i) category range under the Guidelines which is described as
follows:

“Severe whiplash injury classified as Grade 4 whiplash injury. There is
serious limitation of neck movement, neurological deficits with recurrent pain
radiating to the limbs and headaches. There is not only an increased
vulnerability to future trauma but there is a high risk of developing cervical
spondylosis with a possible need for cervical spine fusion surgery in the near
future.

And the category of “severe” (a)(iv) which is described as follows:

“Severe damage to soft tissues and/or ruptured tendons such that movement of
the neck is affected. The person continues to suffer disabilities in the long
run.”

17 In considering the appropriate quantum of award, I agreed with Plaintiff’s
counsel’s submission that the injuries in this case were more serious than
those in Clark Jonathan Michael v Lee Khee Chung [2009] SGHC 204, Tan Siew Bin
Ronnie v Chin Wee Keong [2008] 1 SLR 178 and Kuan Whye Mun v Yeoh Woei Chi
Nicholas (DC Suit No. 964 of 2033). Unlike the aforementioned three cases, the
Plaintiff here suffered injury to the spine and required an initial fusion
surgery at the C5/6 level. It was clear to me however that contrary to the
submissions of Plaintiff’s counsel, the Plaintiff’s injuries were not as
severe as in the case of Teddy, Thomas v Teacly (S) Pte Ltd [2014] SGHC 226.
(“Teddy Thomas”) where the claimant was awarded $60,000 in relation to his
spine injury. In Teddy Thomas, the Court found that the claimant there
suffered fractures at the C4 to C6 vertebral bodies which required an urgent
surgery, and disc injuries at the C3/4 to C7/T1 level resulting in indentation
of the spinal cord: see [34] and [36]. I did not find the case of Nirumalan V
Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 601 (“Nirumalan”) which was
relied upon by the Defendant’s counsel to be particularly useful as it was of
considerable vintage. It was significant that even in Nirumulan at [18], the
High Court expressly recognised that in applying precedents of awards for
injuries, allowance had to be made for the age of the award.

18 Based on the authorities and the range of awards canvassed before me and in
line with the appropriate range identified under the Guidelines, I award
$40,000 to the Plaintiff for pain and suffering in relation to the neck and
whiplash associated injury.

Dysphagia and Odynophagia

19 The Plaintiff claimed to have suffered dysphagia in early 2010 just several
months after the first fusion surgery. According to the Plaintiff, a review by
an ENT specialist identified that the dysphagia was due to osteophytes at the
C4/C5 level which had developed following the first fusion surgery. This
necessitated a second surgery at the C4/C5 level. The Plaintiff further
claimed that he continues to suffer from severe dysphagia and odynophagia.
Dysphagia refers to difficulty in swallowing whilst odynophagia refers to
painful swallowing. This was explained by Dr Hee in his evidence and as I
understand it, not disputed by the Defendant.

20 The Plaintiff relied primarily on the evidence of Dr Jeevendra Kanagalingam
in his doctor’s report dated 13 April 2010, referral letter dated 13 April
2010 and the report of Dr Hee dated 16 December 2010. Dr Hee stated in his
report that the Plaintiff developed dysphagia in early 2010 and the impression
was that the dysphagia could be due to the C4/5 osteophyte.

21 Having assessed the medical evidence that emerged in the course of the
hearing, the Defendant was prepared to concede that the Plaintiff suffered
dysphagia following the first surgery but disputed the severity of the
dysphagia. The Defendant’s counsel submitted that they were prepared to
concede to an award of $5,000 for the Plaintiff’s dysphagia. The Defendant
contended that there was no diagnosis of the Plaintiff suffering from severe
dysphagia by any ENT specialist, there was no evidence of the Plaintiff
suffering from odynophagia and that there was no evidence that the Plaintiff
continued to suffer from dysphagia.

22 I note that there was evidence of the Plaintiff suffering from dysphagia
following the first surgery in the form of Dr Jeevandra’s doctor’ report and
referral letter both dated 13 April 2010. This cohered with the report of Dr
Hee dated 16 December 2010 which noted that the Plaintiff developed dysphagia
in early 2010, that the dysphagia necessitated a second fusion surgery to
address it, and that the Plaintiff had some odynophagia as at December 2010.
The difficulty in swallowing and breathing was also noted in the report of Dr
Kumar dated 20 October 2014 and again in the report of Dr Amy Quek dated 17
April 2015. I found the reports of Dr Thomas Loh dated 26 May 2015 and a memo
from the ENT department of the National University Hospital dated 8 July 2015
relevant as they indicated that the Plaintiff’s dysphagia “improved after
[the] second spinal surgery and has since been the same with no progression or
worsening, and he is coping with it”. This same report made no mention of
“odynophagia”. The ENT doctor’s reports also indicated that by mid-2015, the
ENT doctors were only treating the Plaintiff “as for reflux” so it appears the
dysphagia may have moderated somewhat. The Defendant did not provide any
evidence from an ENT doctor to refute the Plaintiff’s dysphagia or odynophagia
claim.

23 The picture presented by the medical evidence was that the Plaintiff did
suffer from dysphagia, that the dysphagia necessitated the second fusion
surgery, that there was some improvement following the second surgery but the
Plaintiff continues to suffer from some dysphagia. As for the odynophagia,
this was noted in the report of Dr Hee dated 16 December 2010. In the absence
of medical evidence from the Defendant to refute the existence of odynophagia,
I was prepared to accept that there was some degree of odynophagia. Overall,
the evidence indicated that the dysphagia and odynophagia suffered by the
Plaintiff was not severe. The footage from the video surveillance did show the
Plaintiff eating food but here again I found it was of limited assistance. The
quality of the video surveillance meant that it was not able to accurately
reflect whether the Plaintiff experience discomfort/pain or the degree of
discomfort/pain experienced by the Plaintiff in swallowing or eating. Given
its limitations, it was not possible to conclude on the basis of the video
footage that the Plaintiff had no difficulty or pain in swallowing or eating
and I could not accept Dr Chang’s evidence to this effect.

24 As to the quantum of award, I did not find the precedent authorities relied
on by the Plaintiff’s counsel to be particularly helpful. Shaw Linda Gillian v
Chai Kang Wei Samuel [2009] SGHC 187 did not state the nature and extent of
the “tongue and throat muscle injuries” and the report of Chua Seng Lee v Ang
Teow & Anor Suit No. 2103 of 1996 High Court (unreported) similarly notes that
the nature of the throat injury was not stated but that it was likely due to a
crushing injury. The Defendant’s counsel on the other hand did not present any
authorities on this item of claim but nevertheless submitted that an award of
$5,000 would be appropriate. In my view, the nature of the injury in the case
of Shaw Linda Gillian bore more resemblance to the dysphagia and odynophagia
injury in the present case insofar as it was muscular in nature as opposed to
a crushing type of injury. I also gave due consideration to the fact that the
trauma and injuries sustained by the claimant in Shaw Linda Gillian was more
severe than the present case so the award in the present case should be
calibrated lower. In the premises, I award $7,000 for dysphagia and
odynophagia.

Osteoarthritis in Shoulder and Knee Joints

25 I deal with this item of claim briefly. This item of claim is based
primarily on a radiology report by Dr Krishna Mohan Gummalla dated 25 May
2012. In the course of the hearing, it was agreed upon by counsel that this
radiology report was not to be admitted into evidence. That being so, and as
rightly submitted by the Defendant’s counsel, there was no documentary
evidence to substantiate these claimed injuries. Even if the radiology report
were to be in evidence, I note that it was a report done in 2012, almost 3
years after the accident, and it only notes that mild and moderate
osteoarthritic changes were observed respectively in the shoulder and knee
joints but does not in any way link these osteoarthritic changes to the
accident. Significantly, there is no mention in Dr Hee’s first report on 22
February 2010 (i.e. the report most contemporaneous with the accident) of any
knee or shoulder injuries. Contrary to the Plaintiff counsel’s submissions,
none of the medical reports suggest that the accident predisposed the
Plaintiff to a greater incidence of such osteoarthritic changes. In the
premises, I make no award for this item of claim.

Future Medical expenses and Future Transport expenses

26 I deal now with the Plaintiff’s claim for future medical and transport
expenses. In terms of the future medical and transport expenses, the Plaintiff
claimed for the following items:

(a) Gabapentin/Neurobion treatment| $500 (based on $25 every 3 months for next
5 years)  
---|---  
(b) Aspen or Miami cervical collar| $200 ++ for the collar$50 ++ for each
annual change of padding components over 5 years  
(c) Spine Specialist Clinic Follow-up (NUH) , requiring radiographic imaging|
$212 (this item was agreed by the Defendant)  
(d) Reasonable transport expenses for the above consultations and to obtain
medication| $900 (based on $21 for the taxi ride to and from the Plaintiff’s
house, 20 trips for purchase of Gabapentin/Neurobion, and 2 trips for the
biannual check-up)  
  
27 As to the claim for Gabapentin / Neurobion treatment costs, the evidence of
Dr Amy Quek, the neuorologist who prescribed the gabapentin and neurobion was
clear. Dr Quek in her report dated 17 April 2015 had explained that the
medications had been prescribed to treat the Plaintiff’s “sensory symptoms”
which included complaints of “numbness of the peripheries”, “pins and needles”
and “burning sensation”. Dr Quek’s report noted that further investigations on
the Plaintiff were pending to ascertain if the Plaintiff had small fibre
neuropathy. Dr Quek further explained during the hearing that it was most
unlikely that trauma would be the cause of small fibre neuropathy. In the
course of the hearing, Dr Quek’s medical notes were admitted into evidence as
AQ 1 – 16, and it was noted at AQ 7 of the medical notes that the Plaintiff’s
sensory symptoms were due to small fibre neuropathy and crucially that this
“may be idiopathic, and is not related to previous spine surgery”. Dr Quek
also helpfully explained during the hearing that “idiopathic” means that “no
cause can be found”. Given the clear medical evidence that the Plaintiff’s
sensory symptoms were not linked to any injuries caused by the accident, I see
no basis to award this item of claim to the Plaintiff.

28 The claim for future medical expenses relating to the Aspen or Miami
cervical collar rested primarily on the Plaintiff’s own testimony that he
found it necessary to wear the cervical collar in crowded places to minimise
the risk of other persons bumping into him and causing him pain. Medically
however, the Plaintiff’s expert Dr Hee gave evidence that a cervical collar
would usually be recommended to be worn by a patient for only a short period
of time after undergoing surgery, certainly not for long periods of time. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE Day 1 Pg 33 lines 25 to 30 and Pg 34, lines 2 to 14.

The Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that based on the Plaintiff’s testimony, the
reason why the Plaintiff continued to wear the cervical collar on occasion was
“not because he wanted to exaggerate his condition, but due to his
misconceived perception that it may help him to avoid further deterioration of
his neck condition” 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE Day 2 Pg 44 lines 2 – 8 and lines 16 – 18.

. I agree with that to the extent that the Plaintiff’s occasional wearing of
the cervical collar was due to his own misconceived perception and that there
is insufficient evidence to show the Plaintiff wore the cervical collar in
order to exaggerate his condition. The Plaintiff’s misconceived perceptions
aside, the medical evidence was clear that generally the cervical collar would
only be worn for a short period of time after the relevant surgery and not for
a long period of time. I agree with the Defendant’s submissions that there is
no medical reason for the Plaintiff to be wearing a cervical collar anymore or
in the reasonable future and I make no award for this item.

29 The Plaintiff’s claim for future medical expenses in relation to follow up
consultations with the spine specialist on a bi-annual basis quantified at
$212 was agreed by the Defendant. I now consider the claim for future
transport expenses. Given my findings above that there is no basis for the
Defendant to bear the future expenses for the gabapentin / neurobion treatment
and the provision of the cervical collar, this meant that the Plaintiff’s
quantification of $900 for this item was excessive (insofar as this
quantification had factored in the trips to purchase the Gabapentin /
Neurobion and/or the cervical collar). The future transport expenses are
limited to the trips for the follow up consultations with the spine specialist
which is on a bi-annual basis and which the Defendant had not disputed. The
Defendant’s counsel took the position in submissions that the Defendant would
concede to a quantum of $200 for future transport expenses, I agree that this
is an appropriate amount. In the circumstances, I award $200 for future
transport expenses.

Pre-Trial Loss of Earnings (“PTLOE”), Loss of Future Earnings (“LFE”)
alternatively Loss of Earning Capacity (“LEC”)

30 These items formed the substantial portion of the amounts claimed by the
Plaintiff and were the most contentious between parties.

Pre-Trial Loss of Earnings (“PTLOE”)

31 I begin with the claim for Pre-trial Loss of Earnings (“PTLOE”). It is
apposite to note at this juncture that the Plaintiff was 75 years of age at
the time of this hearing and was going to turn 76 in June 2016. This is
significant because prior to the accident, the Plaintiff’s worked as a full-
time taxi driver and it was common ground between both parties that the
mandatory retirement age for a taxi driver was 75 years old. The period of
time after the accident and up to the time the Plaintiff turned 75 years old
in June 2015 was claimed as pre-trial loss of earnings by the Plaintiff 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at [70].

. I note that the item of claim for pre-trial loss of earnings should in
principle also take in the period after June 2015 up to the point of the
Assessment of Damages hearing in 2016.

32 The Plaintiff separated his PTLOE claim into two components for a period of
75 months from the accident in April 2009 until the mandatory retirement age
of 75 years old in June 2015. First he claimed for pre-trial loss of earnings
at $2,400 per month for a period of 75 months, with an appropriate deduction
for the Plaintiff’s earnings during the 2 short periods he returned to driving
his taxi after the accident (i.e. 19 May to 15 September 2009; and 6 February
to 23 March 2010). Secondly, he claimed for loss of progressive earnings at
$600 per month for 75 months. The Defendant disputed both the multiplicand of
$2,400 and the multiplier (75 months) sought to be employed by the Plaintiff.
The Defendant also argued that the claim for loss of progressive earnings was
speculative and unsupported by the evidence.

Multiplicand for PTLOE

33 The Plaintiff appeared to rely on evidence of his earnings over a narrow
period of 3 months just before the accident (January to March 2009) to derive
the multiplicand of $2,400. The Defendant’s counsel countered that the
multiplicand of $2,400 was an unrealistic representation of the Plaintiff’s
average monthly income as it only took into account this 3 month period of
earnings and argued that a more accurate method would be to derive the average
per month income of the Plaintiff over the period of 3 years prior to the
accident which computed to the figure of approximately $2,100. I found both
methods unsatisfactory for the reasons set out below.

34 Referring to his Notices of Assessment for 2007 to 2010, the Plaintiff
sought to demonstrate the he enjoyed year on year increments to his annual
income from 2007 to 2010 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [16] to [18]

up to the time of the accident where his income had reached $2,400 per month.
The Plaintiff then appeared to rely on the average of the last 3 months of
earnings prior to the accident to derive the multiplicand. This was too
simplistic an analytical approach to adopt in my view. Clearly, a taxi
driver’s earnings depended on many factors including perhaps most
significantly his average number of driving hours or mileage covered. There
was however no submissions on this. Other factors which may have seen changes
from 2007 to 2010 and up to the time of assessment include the type and amount
of surcharges, the calculation of the basic fare (e.g increases in the amount
charged per kilometre travelled), the driving patterns of the driver (i.e.
whether the driver drove mainly in the day time, night time, weekdays and/or
weekends). There was scanty evidence on these matters save for a single
sentence by the Plaintiff at [21] of his AEIC that prior to his second
surgery, he drove on weekends for a short period of time. In my view, in a
case like the present, a more accurate assessment of the multiplicand would
generally require consideration of and computations premised on at least the
following factors:

(a) The average number of hours driven by the driver;

(b) The mileage travelled by the driver;

(c) The changes in the calculation of the basic fare for the duration of the
period claimed;

(d) The changes in the type and amount of surcharges for the duration of the
period claimed;

(e) The driving patterns of the driver.

Unfortunately, little evidence on these factors was highlighted to the Court.

35 Instead, the best evidence that was available appeared to be the Notices of
Assessment from 2007 to 2010 and the computations on average monthly earnings
that may be derived therefrom. The Defendant’s counsel’s contention that it
would be more accurate to derive the Plaintiff’s average income based on his
earnings for the 3 years prior to the accident i.e. based on the Notices of
Assessment from 2007 to 2009 failed to take into account factors that would
have evolved from 2007 to 2009 such as the changes in the calculation of the
basic fare, and type and amount of surcharges. I consider that the Plaintiff’s
earnings in 2008 and 2009 based on the Notices of Assessment of 2009 and 2010
would at least have factored in the changes to the calculation of basic fare
and/or type and amount of surcharges, and changes to his established driving
patterns, closer to the time of the accident. From this perspective, I
consider that the Plaintiff’s level of earnings closer to the accident, based
on the Notices of Assessment of 2009 and 2010 provided a better starting point
for the calculation of the multiplicand.

36 The Plaintiff’s annual income based on the Notice of Assessment of 2009 was
$28,859.00. For the Notice of Assessment of 2010, the overall income was
$23,503.00 – Of this, the Plaintiff explained in his evidence that $7,200
represented his earnings from January to March 2009 prior to the accident.
$4,800 was in relation to “property” which the Plaintiff has explained was
derived from the renting out of one room in his property, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [19].

$2,000 was derived from an insurance pay-out under his group insurance scheme
for taxi drivers, and $8,800 reflected the Plaintiff’s earnings for the period
of time after the accident when he resumed driving the taxi from 19 May 2009
to 15 September 2009. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [18]

The Defendant’s counsel, in his submissions, sought to undermine the
reliability of the Plaintiff’s stated figure of $16,000 which was given as the
Plaintiff’s overall earnings from taxi driving in 2009 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at pg 39.

contending that it could not have been an exact round figure and it was only
an estimate. The Defendant’s contention did not go very far. The Plaintiff’s
figure of $16,000, taken together with the $2000 insurance pay-out under the
group insurance scheme for taxi drivers broadly aligns with the amount of
$18,702 which is reflected as the Plaintiff’s “trade” income in the Notice of
Assessment for 2010. Moreover, I note that Plaintiff’s evidence on this was
not seriously challenged by the Defendant’s counsel under cross examination
and in the absence of any concrete evidence to the contrary, I am prepared to
accept the figure as correct. I also found it significant that the evidence
suggests the Plaintiff’s earnings for January to March 2009 prior to the
accident averaged to around $2,400 per month which would be largely consistent
with the average monthly income earned for 2008 (based on the Notice of
Assessment of 2009). In relation to the Plaintiff’s earnings in 2009, I found
it unsuitable to take into account the Plaintiff’s earnings of $8,800 over a
110-day period when the Plaintiff attempted to return to driving from 19 May
2009 to 15 September 2009 as it was in the period following soon after the
accident and would not be a good reflection of the Plaintiff’s contemporaneous
pre-accident level of earnings.

37 Based on the Plaintiff’s earnings from taxi driving in 2008 ($28,859) and
for January to March 2009 ($7,200) prior to the accident, the Plaintiff’s
average monthly income amounted to $2,403.93. In the premises, I assess the
multiplicand to be $2,403.93.

Multiplier for PTLOE

38 The Plaintiff argued that following the accident, the Plaintiff’s injuries
and condition, in particular his neck pain and giddiness and loss of mobility
of the neck, rendered him unable to continue to work as a taxi-driver. The
Plaintiff relied primarily on the medical reports by Dr Hee. Dr Hee had noted
in his report dated 16 December 2010 that the Plaintiff was not able to
continue driving as a taxi driver given his conditions.

39 The Defendant’s counsel countered that applying a multiplier of 75 months
was excessive because (1) the Plaintiff had recovered sufficiently to return
to taxi driving at the latest by 9 months after the second surgery, (2) the
Plaintiff had failed to mitigate his losses by resuming work when he
recovered, (3) even if the accident had not occurred, the Plaintiff would have
been unable to drive a taxi if he failed the compulsory driving evaluation
test at 70 years of age and/or the further test at the age of 73, (4) even if
the accident had not occurred, the Plaintiff would also have been unable to
drive a taxi once he started taking medication for his unrelated neurological
condition (i.e. small fibre neuropathy) in 2014. These contentions are
addressed in turn.

Could the Plaintiff have returned to taxi driving after 9 months following the
second surgery?

40 In my view, the medical evidence supports the view that following the
accident, the Plaintiff suffered restriction of motion to his neck which
eventually rendered him unfit to continue work as a taxi-driver as at December
2010. I could not agree with the Defendant’s counsel’s contention that the
Plaintiff could have returned to taxi driving after 9 months following the
second surgery. The following points are salient:

(a) Dr Hee had noted in his medical report dated 16 December 2010 that the
Plaintiff was unable to continue working as taxi driver due to his
disabilities which included neck stiffness and giddiness. Dr Hee was the
Plaintiff’s attending surgeon at that time and had performed the two fusion
surgeries on the Plaintiff. This 16 December 2010 report was based on an
assessment close in time to the accident and by a doctor who was no doubt
familiar with his own patient’s condition at the material time. The
Defendant’s counsel sought to undermine the reliability of Dr Hee’s December
2010 report and contended that Dr Hee had not examined the Plaintiff’s
physical range of motion prior to concluding the Plaintiff would be unable to
drive. Whilst Dr Hee conceded that he had not recorded the range of motion of
the Plaintiff’s neck on the face of his December 2010 report, Dr Hee had
explained that he was then the Plaintiff’s attending doctor 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

See NE Day 1 pg 16 lines 10 to 16.

, had performed the fusion surgeries and had been seeing the Plaintiff
regularly over a period of time 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See NE Day 1 pg 62 lines 20 to 23; pg 77 lines 14 to 17.

. Dr Hee further explained that there were likely to have been contemporaneous
investigations and tests done prior to the December 2010 report. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

See NE Day 1 pg 64 line 28.

Additionally, he explained that generally for cases involving 2 fusion
surgeries, one could expect at least a 16 degree reduction in
extension/flexion and a 8 degree reduction in rotation 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

See NE Day 1 pg 77 lines 3 to 10.

. Dr Hee also explained that taxi driving would entail extended periods of
driving requiring the Plaintiff to move his neck across the different planes
(i.e. flexion/extension/rotation) in response to the surrounding traffic so
the Plaintiff’s restricted neck motion, neck pain and giddiness rendered him
unable to go back to being a full-time taxi driver. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

See NE Day 1 pg 22 lines 12 to 15, lines 21 to 28,

On the whole, I found Dr Hee’s explanations reasonable and credible. The
evidence was clear that the Plaintiff had visited the hospital regularly in
2009 and 2010. It must be appreciated that Dr Hee had also been the
Plaintiff’s attending doctor and operating surgeon with a contemporaneous
insight into the Plaintiff’s medical history and condition. Dr Hee’s December
2010 report should be seen in this context. Clearly it was quite different
from a one-off medical report by a doctor seeing a patient for the first time
with less direct knowledge of the patient’s medical history.

(b) The Defendant relied primarily on Dr Chang’s opinion in his report dated
11 November 2015 where Dr Chang stated that “he was likely able to drive a
taxi 6 to 9 months after his second surgery on 30.4.10”. However, I note that
Dr Chang had accepted under examination that generally, following two fusion
procedures, the Plaintiff could be expected to lose up to 30% of neck motion.
It may be noted from Dr Chang’s report that there was no clear explanation on
why he felt it possible or advisable for the Plaintiff to continue driving his
taxi vocationally if someone with 2 fusion surgeries like him could suffer up
to 30% restriction of neck motion. Dr Chang was also not the Plaintiff’s
operating surgeon or attending doctor during the material time following the
accident and the Plaintiff’s surgery. This is significant as it may be
generally appreciated that the views of the examining and treating doctor may
be preferred over the views of other physicians whose opinions are based more
on medical probability and not actual contemporaneous observations: see Teddy
Thomas at [28]. Although this was not emphasized by respective counsel in
their submissions, I reviewed the available evidence and noted that in and up
to 2011 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at pg 145.

, the Plaintiff still visited NUH for matters pertaining to his neck/spine
injury. I infer from this that the Plaintiff continued to require attention to
his neck/spine condition at some level and this undermines the Dr Chang’s view
that “[the Plaintiff] would be able to recover and drive his taxi 6 to 9
months after the second surgery”. All considered, I found the opinion of Dr
Hee that the Plaintiff continued to suffer restriction to his neck mobility
and this rendered him unable to return to full-time taxi driving after
December 2010 more persuasive.

(c) Although this was not highlighted by respective counsel in their
submissions, I also found guidance from the copy of the Singapore Medical
Association Guidelines on Fitness to Drive, 2nd Ed. 2011 (“SMA Guidelines”)
which was admitted into evidence in the course of the hearing. These SMA
guidelines astutely observe that “higher standards of fitness are recommended
for vocational drivers – those who drive professionally. This is because they
drive for longer hours and under more difficult conditions than drivers of
private vehicles. In the case of taxi and bus drivers, they are also
responsible for the safety of their passengers besides that of other road
users.” Dr Chang was questioned on his opinion on the Plaintiff’s fitness to
drive by reference to these SMA Guidelines and he accepted that the SMA
Guidelines were a useful reference point. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

See NE Day 3 pg 66 at lines 17 to 19.

It suffices for me to note that at page 28 of the SMA Guidelines, it observes
that in relation to vocational drivers, “persons with chronic low backache and
prolapsed lumbar disc should not drive” and “persons with spinal injuries
should obtain a doctor’s clearance before driving”. In this case, I note that
the Plaintiff did in fact suffer a C5/C6 disc prolapse from the accident
(noted in Dr Hee’s 22 February 2010 report) and following 2 fusion surgeries
was eventually certified by his then attending doctor to be unfit to return to
taxi driving in December 2010.

(d) The medical reports available to the Court consistently record the
restriction to the Plaintiff’s neck mobility. Beginning with Dr Hee’s report
in December 2010 to Dr Kumar’s report in October 2014 and Dr Hee’s further
report in November 2014. Even Dr Chang’s own report records the restricted
motion of the Plaintiff’s neck although I note Dr Chang proffered a view that
this was due to the Plaintiff’s attempt to exaggerate his condition.

(e) The surveillance video footage, as I had noted above, was useful to only a
limited extent. In my observation, it did show that the Plaintiff’s neck
mobility was restricted although the degree of such restriction could not be
precisely gauged. There was no stark surveillance evidence, and none was
pointed out by the Plaintiff’s counsel, that would completely debunk the
Plaintiff’s complaints of restricted neck motion. To illustrate, there was for
example no footage of the Plaintiff driving, or of the Plaintiff
turning/twisting his neck sharply/forcefully, or of the Plaintiff cradling his
mobile phone between his neck and shoulder.

Did the Plaintiff mitigate his losses?

41 Here I agree with the Defendant’s counsel that the Plaintiff had not done
enough to mitigate his loss. The case of Wee Sia Tian v Long Thik Boon [1996]
2 SLR(R) 420 is apposite (“Wee Sia Tian”).

42 The Plaintiff has given evidence in the course of the hearing that apart
from taxi driving, he had other job experiences and skills in baking, proof
reading and had run a business manufacturing plastic bags as well as a coffee
shop venture. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See NE Day 2 pgs 68 to 73.

The Plaintiff did state that his businesses were sustained for a period of
time before they failed. That however did not mean that he had no relevant
skills at all. In my view, the evidence showed that the Plaintiff did have a
range of job experiences and skills apart from taxi driving. The Plaintiff’s
counsel submitted that the Plaintiff had attempted to find alternative
employment but was unable to find a job 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions at [81].

, however I note there is no evidence that the Plaintiff took any reasonable
steps to find alternative employment relevant to his range of skills.
Plaintiff’s counsel was unable to point to any such evidence in his
submissions. No documentary evidence of the Plaintiff’s job search attempts
was provided in the Plaintiff’s AEIC. Tellingly, the Plaintiff also did not
refer to any attempts to seek alternative employment in his AEIC. This gap in
the evidence stood in contrast with the more detailed evidence provided by the
Plaintiff on how his wife was able to secure a part time job as a Service
Assistant with Taster Food Pte Ltd. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [26].

Although this as not emphasized in the parties’ submissions, for completeness,
I note that the closest the Plaintiff came to giving evidence on his attempts
to seek alternative employment was in the course of re-examination where he
commented“…I did think of finding a job, but I couldn’t find one that was
suitable for me”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

See NE Day 2 pg 66 lines 26 to 27.

But I find even this statement to be equivocal as it was devoid of particulars
and the Plaintiff did not clarify whether he actually made any concrete
attempts to seek employment or simply thought of finding a job but laboured
under his subjective view that he did not see any suitable job opportunities
on the horizon. No further evidence on this point was elicited from the
Plaintiff by his counsel during examination; no supplementary AEIC with such
evidence was put in by the Plaintiff.

43 The Plaintiff’s medical leave ended by 31 December 2010 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [12].

. On 16 December 2010, the Plaintiff then obtained Dr Hee’s medical report
stating that he was no longer able to return to taxi driving. However, it is
salient to note that Dr Hee never expressed the view that the Plaintiff was
not able to perform other forms of work or work at any level. Even in his
report dated 17 November 2014, Dr Hee similarly noted that the Plaintiff
remained unable to work as a taxi driver but did not express the view that the
Plaintiff was unable to work at any level. In short, the medical evidence does
not support the view that the Plaintiff was wholly unable to work. Rather, the
evidence indicates that the Plaintiff appeared to make no effort to seek
alternative employment or find out what work he could or could not do. This
was similar to the situation facing the Court in Wee Sia Tian at [20]. The
fact that the Plaintiff was not given further medical leave after December
2010 supports the inference that he was capable of working at some level at
least. It would be reasonable to allow the Plaintiff adequate time to recover
following his second surgery and even after the expiry of his medical leave in
December 2010, but he ought to have attempted to find alternative employment
thereafter. I make two further observations based on the evidence from the
Plaintiff’s transport and medical expenses from 2009 to 2013. First, there is
evidential support showing that up to November 2011, the Plaintiff had gone
for consultation and investigations on his spine 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

See 2 AB at pg 120 and also the Plaintiff’s AEIC at pg 145.

so it may be inferred that the Plaintiff continued to require attention for
his neck/spinal conditions. Secondly, the evidence shows that the Plaintiff’s
visits to the hospital had tapered off significantly in 2012 (1 visit) and
2013 (2 visits) 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

See 2 AB at pgs 5 – 155.

and this also supports the view that the Plaintiff’s condition by then allowed
him to seek alternative employment in some form and albeit in a reduced
capacity. In my view, it would be reasonable to expect the Plaintiff to seek
alternative employment by July 2012.

44 It is also necessary to consider what the Plaintiff’s reasonable earning
level would be had he returned to some form of alternative employment. In the
course of the hearing, the Plaintiff had given evidence that he had managed to
earn $1000 a month in his previous job in baking. This was his last job before
going into full-time taxi driving. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

See NE Day 2 pg 76 lines 3 to 8.

I take this as a useful starting point to calibrate the earnings the Plaintiff
could have enjoyed had he sought and obtained alternative employment of the
same nature. I am mindful that it is necessary to factor in the Plaintiff’s
advanced age at which he would have to re-enter the job market to seek
alternative employment and his reduced capacity to work due to his residual
conditions. A more reasonable view is that the Plaintiff could have earned up
to $500 a month in alternative employment. The impact of the Plaintiff’s
failure to mitigate his losses is analysed below at [53].

Would the Plaintiff have failed the taxi driving evaluation assessments
conducted at 70 years of age and at 73 years of age?

45 The Defendant’s counsel submitted that even if the accident had not
occurred, there was a chance that the Plaintiff would still not have been able
to continue as a taxi driver if he did not pass the mandatory driving
evaluation tests which would be conducted at the 70th year, 73rd year mark and
thereafter at annual or shorter intervals as recommended by a doctor or
occupational therapist. On this basis, the Defendant’s counsel contended that
the multiplier should be discounted to take into account the possible
vicissitudes of the Plaintiff not passing these driving assessments. The short
answer to that is that there was no evidence to indicate that the Plaintiff
would not have been able to pass the evaluation tests at the 70th and 73rd
year mark had the accident not occurred. In terms of the medical evidence, the
Plaintiff’s other condition of small fibre neuropathy emerged in November 2014
when the Defendant was already beyond 73 years of age. As analysed at [47] to
[49] below, the evidence also does not indicate that the Defendant would not
be able to drive his taxi following the onset of small fibre neuropathy. I
would also note that the Defendant counsel’s suggestion to calculate the
multiplier up to mid-point mark between 70 and 75 years to reflect this
particular vicissitude is arbitrary and unsuitable as it appears to bear
little nexus to the specific concern it purports to address.

46 The Defendant’s counsel argued that there was no evidence the Plaintiff
would be able to pass these driving assessments at the 70 and 73 years mark.
He sought to make much of a series of questions put to the Plaintiff during
the hearing to which the Plaintiff answered that he did not take any taxi
driving evaluation tests after the first surgery in 2009 and the second
surgery in 2010. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

See NE Day 2 pg 59 lines 9 to 24.

However, it must be noted that the Plaintiff underwent his second surgery on
30 April 2010, was on medical leave in 2010 save for the period of 1 February
2010 to 23 March 2010, and had then been certified unfit to return to taxi
driving by Dr Hee in December 2010. There was no good reason for the Plaintiff
then to go on and take the driving evaluation test at the 70 year mark and it
is unrealistic to count this against the Plaintiff.

Would the Plaintiff have been able to continue with taxi driving after the
onset of small fibre neuropathy in November 2014 which required him to take
medications?

47 The Defendant’s contention is that the Plaintiff’s medications for small
fibre neuropathy would have rendered him unable to drive a taxi as at November
2014. Here the medical evidence from Dr Amy Quek is clear. The Plaintiff saw
Dr Quek in November 2014 for symptoms of numbness in the peripheries, “pins
and needles” and burning sensations on the soles and sometimes fingers. He was
eventually diagnosed with small fibre neuropathy and given gabapentin as well
as neurobion and subsequently pregabalin to address his condition. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

See NE Day 4 pg 24 lines 12 to 32, pg 34 lines 10 to 12.

Dr Quek also helpfully explained that small fibre neuropathy was idiopathic –
meaning no cause can be found, and that it was “most unlikely” to be caused by
trauma. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

See NE Day 4 pg 25 lines 5 to 26.

This opinion was also recorded in Dr Quek’s medical notes dated 23 June 2015.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See AQ7, Medical Notes dated 23 June 2015.

The evidence demonstrates that the Plaintiff’s symptoms attributable to the
small fibre neuropathy were unrelated to the accident.

48 The next question to address was whether the Plaintiff, suffering from his
symptoms caused by small fibre neuropathy which necessitated the consumption
of gabapentin, neurobion and pregabalin, would have been able to continue with
his taxi driving. Based on the evidence of Dr Quek, the common side effects of
gabapentin and pregabalin would include drowsiness and confusion. This
corroborated with the views of Dr Chang. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

See NE day 3 pg 74, lines 29 to 31.

When asked whether the side effects of taking gabapentin would render the
Plaintiff unable to drive a taxi, both Dr Quek and Dr Chang gave a somewhat
qualified response that it would depend on the symptoms experienced by the
Plaintiff. If the Plaintiff were to suffer from side effects that would impair
his driving ability, such as drowsiness and/or confusion, the Plaintiff would
not be fit to drive. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

See NE Day 3 pg 81 lines 31 to pg 82 lines 1 to 17. See also NE Day 4 pg 35
lines 25 to 32

I accepted the medical evidence on the potential side effects of gabapentin
and pregabalin. That being so, I next consider whether the gabapentin or
pregabalin did in fact cause the Plaintiff drowsiness and/or confusion such
that Plaintiff would not be fit to drive. The medical notes of Dr Amy Quek
charted the Plaintiff’s consultations, investigations and eventual diagnosis
of the small fibre neuropathy. The medical notes also recorded that the
Plaintiff experienced feeling “heaty” after taking gabapentin 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See AQ7 – Medical notes dated 23 June 2015.

and that he experienced backache after starting on pregabalin. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

See AQ4 – Medical notes dated 18 August 2015.

There was no indication that the Plaintiff suffered at any point from side
effects of drowsiness and/or confusion from gabapentin or pregabalin.

49 On the evidence before me, I find there is insufficient basis to conclude
that the Plaintiff’s medications for small fibre neuropathy would have
rendered the Plaintiff unfit to drive a taxi as at November 2014. I therefore
do not consider this a basis to reduce the multiplier. For completeness, I
note that there was also no contention that the very onset of small fibre
neuropathy itself would have rendered the Plaintiff unfit to drive a taxi and
no evidence was elicited on this.

Computation of Multiplier

50 Based on the above analysis, I consider that the appropriate multiplier to
adopt for the pre-trial loss of earnings in relation to the Plaintiff’s taxi
driving is for the period from the date of the accident in April 2009 until
the Plaintiff reached the compulsory retirement age of 75 years old in June
2015. This is a total of 75 months.

Final Quantification of PTLOE

Date of accident to compulsory retirement age of 75 in June 2015

51 I earlier found at [37] that the appropriate multiplicand would be
$2,403.93. The quantification of the award for PTLOE from the date of the
accident up to the compulsory retirement age of 75 is thus $2,403.93 x 75
months = $180,294.75.

July 2015 to time of the hearing

52 In addition, there is a period from July 2015 to the time of the hearing in
2016 that needs to be factored in. The Plaintiff’s evidence was that he
expected to carry on taxi driving up to the retirement age of 75, and that he
would expect to work another 3 to 5 years until the age of 78 to 80 as he
still had another young son to support. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [28] to [29].

I found no reason to doubt the Plaintiff’s testimony in this respect. The fact
is that he did have a young son who was about 9 years old at the time of the
accident. He was also driving his taxi up to the time of accident with average
earnings in the region of $2,400 per month. The Plaintiff’s counsel argued in
submissions that equipped with a Class 3 driving licence, the Plaintiff could
well have taken on other driving related jobs even after his compulsory
retirement from taxi driving in June 2015. These driving related vocations
included doing deliveries, personal chauffer or school bus driving and even
private taxi driving under Uber and Grab. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

See Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions at pgs 4 to 7.

I do not doubt that these were possibilities. However, the real question is
whether the Plaintiff evinced any such intentions. On this issue, the evidence
of the Plaintiff is that after he turned 75 years of age, he could continue to
work as a baker or do a small baking related business. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [30].

The Plaintiff also did not give evidence in the course of the hearing that he
would have turned to these other driving related vocations post-retirement
from taxi driving at the age of 75. There is also medical evidence that the
Plaintiff suffered from small fibre neuropathy as from November 2014 and this
may well have weighed on the Plaintiff’s mind in considering whether to carry
on working in driving related vocations after the age of 75 although this
point may be somewhat speculative. On the whole, I find that there is
insufficient evidence to base the computation of the Plaintiff’s pre-trial
loss of earnings for the period from July 2015 up to the time of the hearing
in 2016 on the Plaintiff’s taxi driving or driving related income. A more
appropriate figure to take would be the amount of earnings per month for
alternative employment relevant to the Plaintiff’s baking skills or previous
business experiences. I consider that an appropriate figure is $750 per month.
I derive this using the Plaintiff’s previous earnings of $1,000 a month as a
salaried worker in a baking related job as a starting point and then factoring
in some deductions to take into account the Plaintiff’s advancing age and the
impact this would have had on his earning ability. I quantify the award for
PTLOE from July 2015 to October 2016 at $750 x 16 = $12,000.

Deductions

53 I also noted at [43] and [44] above that the Plaintiff had not done enough
to mitigate his loss and he would have been able to earn up to $500 a month in
alternative employment from July 2012 onwards up to October 2016 (52 months).
This amounted to $500 x 52 = $26,000 which has to be taken into account.

54 The Plaintiff has also acknowledged that he has to deduct the amount of
$11,356 which he had earned during the brief periods he attempted to return to
taxi driving in 2009 and 2010. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

See Plaintitf’s Submissions at [72] and Plaintiff’s AEIC at [35(b)]

The final quantum awarded to the Plaintiff for PTLOE from the date of the
accident to the time of the hearing is therefore $180,294.75 + $12,000 -
$26,000 - $11,356 = $154,938.75.

Pre Trial Loss of Earnings – Progressive Earnings

55 The Plaintiff also separately claimed for an amount representative of
progressive earnings or anticipated increments in the Plaintiff’s taxi driving
earnings from 2009 up to the retirement age of 75 years. The Plaintiff’s
counsel submitted that there was a trend of increments in the Plaintiff’s
earnings as a taxi driver from 2007 to 2009 prior to the accident and that the
Court should factor in an annual increment of 5%. Here I agreed with the
Defendant’s counsel that there was insufficient evidence to support such a
claim. There was no concrete evidence on the increments to the calculation of
the basic fare or the types/amounts of surcharges. The Plaintiff himself
conceded in the course of the hearing that for taxi drivers, their earnings
depended on luck as well as diligence, there was no real trend in terms of
their earnings and that sometimes it goes up and sometimes it comes down. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

See NE Day 2 pg 43 lines 22 to 32.

The Plaintiff’s reliance on the case of Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai Ling (by her
next friend, Chua Wee Bee) [2011] SGCA 23 was misplaced as the facts there
were different and the computations pertaining to the claimant’s loss of
future earnings in that case were premised on a civil service career model
which included reasonable assumptions as to projected salary increments. In
the present case, there was no evidence on any reliable career model from
which to derive the Plaintiff’s projected increments in earnings. The
Plaintiff’s counsel referenced the emergence of private operators like Uber
and Grab to argue that this reflected a shortage in taxi services which would
have led to a progressive increase in earnings for taxi drivers 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See Plaintiff’s Submissions at [76].

. This submission was speculative in my view. Equally, one may speculate that
it is just as plausible that the expansion of private operators like Uber and
Grab could have quite the opposite effect of increasing competition for taxi
drivers and reducing their earnings. In any event, there is no need to
speculate further. The evidence to support this item of claim is inadequate.
In the premises, I make no award for this item.

LFE or in the alternative LEC

56 I come now to the Plaintiff’s claim for an award of LFE or in the
alternative LEC.

57 The principles pertaining to claims for LFE and LEC are well settled. The
Court of Appeal in Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian [2010] 3 SLR 587
(“Shaw”) explained that LFE and LEC are two distinct heads of claim meant to
compensate for different losses: see [19] to [22]. LFE compensates for the
difference between the post – accident and pre- accident income or rate of
income, while LEC compensates for the risk or disadvantage, which the
Plaintiff would suffer in securing an equivalent job (as the one currently
held) in the open employment market: see [20]. The Court is entitled to make
an award for both LFE and LEC where the evidence supports this and there is no
inverse relationship between an award for LFE and an award for LEC: see [23]
to [25]. The overarching objective of awarding damages, it must be remembered,
is to restore the injured victim to the position that he or she would have
been (in a monetary sense) had the accident not happened: see [29], citing
Lord Blackburn in Livingstone v The Rawyards Coal Co (1880) 5 App Cas 25 at
[39].

58 Claims for LFE must be based on real assessable loss proved by evidence:
see Shaw at [19], Teo Sing Keng and another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] SGCA 20
(“Teo Sing Keng”) at [36]. Claims for LEC on the other hand would generally be
made where at the time of trial the Plaintiff was in employment and had
suffered no loss of earnings but there was a risk that he might lose that
employment and be disadvantaged in the job market by his injuries or where
there was no available evidence of the Plaintiff’s earnings to enable the
court to properly calculate future earnings: Teo Sing Keng at [36] and [40].
The CA in Shaw clarified that an award for LEC can be made if there is a
substantial or real risk that the plaintiff could lose his or her present job
at some time before the estimated end of the plaintiff’s working life and the
plaintiff will be disadvantaged in the job market by the plaintiff’s injuries.
This was a cumulative test: see Shaw at [36].

59 The Plaintiff’s claim for LFE was quantified on the following basis. The
Plaintiff asserts that he would have continued working beyond the mandatory
retirement age for taxi drivers (i.e. 75 years) as he had to support his
youngest child (presently 15 years old). He claims for 5 years of pay based on
half of his average monthly taxi driving earnings. I had earlier stated at
[52] that I found no reason to doubt the Plaintiff’s ability to work beyond
the retirement age of taxi driving. The Plaintiff himself asserts that he
intended to work up to 78 or 80 years of age to support his young son. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [29].

This aspect of his evidence was not seriously challenged during the hearing. I
did however note that there was insufficient evidence to show that the
Plaintiff would have continued in a driving related job after he retired as a
taxi driver. Instead, the Plaintiff’s evidence was that he would have fallen
back on his baking and business skills and experiences. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [30].

That being so, any claim for loss of future earnings must be based on
potential earnings from jobs of this nature. The Defendant’s counsel argued
that the Plaintiff was only able to work as a taxi driver and his other
attempts at business had been unsuccessful. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

See Defendant’s Submissions at [8].

Insofar as the Defendant’s counsel suggested that this demonstrated the
Plaintiff was no longer economically viable or able to earn any income at all
after the age of 75, I cannot agree. That the Plaintiff had been unsuccessful
in earlier business endeavours does not necessarily mean that he is wholly
unable to take on any form of alternative employment after he reached 75 years
of age.

60 The Plaintiff is presently unemployed but this does not mean there is no
evidence to support a claim for LFE. The Plaintiff had given evidence that
before turning to full time taxi driving, he had managed to earn around $1,000
a month in a salaried role relevant to his baking skills. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

See NE Day 2 pg 76 lines 3 to 8.

The Plaintiff has also given evidence that he intended to go back to
alternative employment relevant to his baking skills after retiring from taxi
driving at the age of 75. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [30].

I take the view that post-retirement from taxi driving, given the Plaintiff
would be at an advanced age, his earning ability in a baking related job would
be diminished and a realistic figure for his monthly earnings would be $750.
However, I earlier noted at [43] and [44] that the Plaintiff should be able to
continue working albeit in a reduced capacity and in non-driving related jobs
relevant to his prior work experiences. I found that an appropriate figure
reflective of the Plaintiff’s earnings in alternative employment in a reduced
capacity and taking into account his more advanced age and residual conditions
would be $500 per month and this also has to be factored in. I consider the
amount of $750 – $500 = $250 to be a suitable multiplicand to base the claim
for LFE upon. In terms of the multiplier, given that the Plaintiff was already
reaching 76 years old at the time of this hearing, the reality is that his
economic lifespan was reaching its end. The Plaintiff’s own evidence was that
he would work up to the age of 78 to 80 years. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [29].

I saw no reason to doubt his testimony but it is necessary to factor in the
Plaintiff’s advancing age, the onset of the Plaintiff’s small fibre neuropathy
and the attendant impact these factors would inevitably have on his earning
ability. I consider that a multiplier of 2 years is reasonable and aligns with
the lower end of the Plaintiff’s own evidence of his expected post-retirement
working lifespan. All considered, I award LFE at $250 x 24 = $6,000.

61 The Plaintiff mounted his claim for LEC as an alternative to his claim for
LFE. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

See Plaintiff’s Submission at [87].

Having made an award for LFE and this being the premise of the Plaintiff’s
claim, I need not make an award for LEC. Had I required to do so, I would have
found that in view of the Plaintiff’s very advanced age, his skills and
qualifications, the nature of his disabilities and the fact that the Plaintiff
did not actually seek to return to any alternative form of work post-
retirement, there was an inadequate basis to award LEC and any award for LEC
would be negligible.

Transport Expenses

62 The next item to consider is the Plaintiff’s claim for transport expenses
quantified at $3,617.20. The Defendant’s counsel took the position that
special damages being a matter of strict proof, there were no receipts to
support the claim and it should not be allowed. It is axiomatic that claims
for special damages have to be strictly proven, otherwise they are not
recoverable. The Plaintiff has not proved that these claimed transport
expenses were actually incurred. No serious attempt was made to explain the
lack of taxi receipts to support this claim. The lack of documentary proof of
the taxi receipts was compounded by the inconsistencies in the Plaintiff’s
testimony on the estimated transport/taxi fares he incurred per occasion of
travel to the various medical institutions. For example, in the Plaintiff’s
AEIC, he gives an estimation of $50 per round trip. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

See Plaintiff’s AEIC at [33].

However, in the Bundle of Documents Vol 2, the Plaintiff prepared a table
where he estimates his transport expenses at $42 per round trip. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 at pg 19.

The lack of documentary proof of the taxi receipts also stands in stark
contrast to the voluminous medical invoices and receipts provided by the
Plaintiff in evidence. In the circumstances, I am unable to make any award for
special damages in relation to the claimed transport expenses.

Conclusion

63 In summary, I make the following award of damages in favour of the
Plaintiff:

General Damages

Pain and Suffering|  
---|---  
Neck and whiplash associated injury| $40,000.00  
Dysphagia and Odynophagia| $7,000.00  
Osteoarthritis in shoulder and knee joints| nil  
| $47,000.00  
Loss of Future Earnings| $6,000.00  
Future Medical Expenses| $212.00  
Future Transport Expenses| $200.00  
  
Special Damages

Pre-trial loss of earning| $154,938.75  
---|---  
Medical Expenses| $18,814.91  
Transport Expenses| nil  
Total| $227,165.66  
  
64 The Plaintiff’s claim for interest to be awarded at 5.33% for both general
and special damages from the date of service of the writ to the date of the
judgment was misconceived and the Plaintiff did not elaborate on the basis for
this claim in submissions. The ordinary measure is to award interest on
general damages for pain and suffering at 5.33% from the date of service of
the writ to the date of judgment, and interest for special damages at half of
5.33% from the date of the accident to the date of the judgment: see Teo Sing
Keng at [50]. No interest is awarded for loss of future earnings because it
cannot be said that the Plaintiff was kept out of this money. The Defendant in
his submissions did not contend for a different measure of interest to be
awarded.

65 As to interest, I award 5.33% on general damages for pain and suffering
from the date of service of the writ to the date of judgment, and half of
5.33% on special damages from the date of the accident to the date of
judgment.

66 The usual consequential orders are to apply. Costs is to be taxed if not
agreed.

Jay Lee Yuxian  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Simon Yuen, Ms Felicia Chain, Mr Gerald Soo (Legal Clinic LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Mr Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

