Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 19

Civil Appeal No 109 of 2015

Between

HEWLETT-PACKARD SINGAPORE (SALES) PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

CORINNA CHIN SHU HWA  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 918 of 2012

Between

CORINNA CHIN SHU HWA  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

HEWLETT-PACKARD SINGAPORE (SALES) PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Chin Shu Hwa Corinna

[2016] SGCA 19

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 109 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
25 February 2016

28 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in Corinna Chin Shu Hwa v Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales) Pte Ltd [2015]
SGHC 204 (“the GD”). It raises important issues with regard to the nature of a
contractual ambiguity in general and the contra proferentem rule in
particular. Whilst the actual facts of the present appeal are deceptively
simple, they belie difficulties of application (see also, for example, the
decisions of this court in YES F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore
Pte Ltd (formerly known as Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187
especially at [2] and Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd v HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd
[2016] 1 SLR 1069, especially at [1]).

Facts

2 The respondent, Corinna Chin Shu Hwa (“the Respondent”), was employed as a
product sales specialist by the appellant, Hewlett-Packard Singapore (Sales)
Pte Ltd (“HP” or “the Appellant”), in its NonStop Enterprise Division (“NED”)
from 10 January 2005 to 22 June 2012. The NED sells NonStop servers, which are
fault-tolerant servers designed for businesses that require continuous and
undisrupted provision of their services. The Respondent was the plaintiff in
the proceedings below. She brought a claim against the Appellant for certain
sales incentive compensation she alleges is owed to her, particularly in
respect of a $5.38m contract she helped the Appellant clinch with Network for
Electronic Transfers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“NETS”) in March 2012. In order to
understand the gravamen of the Respondent’s claim, it is necessary to set out
the Respondent’s sales incentive compensation scheme in some detail.

The sales incentive compensation scheme

3 The Respondent’s salary package comprised a basic salary as well as a
variable salary in the form of incentive compensation. For sales employees
like her, incentive compensation typically forms the bulk of their total
salary package. The amount of incentive compensation that the Respondent would
earn depended on the extent of her meeting her sales target for the financial
year. The Respondent’s sales targets were determined by her then country sales
manager, Jacob Lieu Chiap Ling (“Jacob”), in consultation with the Respondent.
Her sales targets for the financial year were communicated to her in the form
of a sales letter. According to her sales letter for the financial year 2012
(commencing 1 November 2011) (“FY12”), the Respondent’s sales targets were as
follows:

Metric| Quota (USD $)| Weight %  
---|---|---  
NED Shipment Metric| 2,142,000| 50  
NED Shipment New Business Metric| 214,200| 25  
NED Technical Services Attach Orders Metric| 471,000| 25  
  
4 As may be observed from the table set out in the preceding paragraph, the
Respondent’s sales targets were divided into three metrics, each having a
specified quota of sales and weight. According to the FY12 HP Global Sales
Compensation Policy (“SC Policy 2012”), the Respondent’s incentive
compensation was calculated in the following way: if the Respondent were to
achieve 100% of her sales quota for the first metric, ie, US$2,142,000, she
would obtain 50% of her target incentive amount (“TIA”). The TIA is a fixed
amount that is paid if a sales employee manages to attain 100% of his or her
sales quota requirements. If the Respondent were to exceed 100% of her sales
quota for any given metric, she would receive a correspondingly higher
percentage of her TIA.

5 The second metric in the Respondent’s sales letter (above at [3]) was known
as the “New Business Metric” (“NBM”) and was introduced for the first time in
FY12. It was to be fixed as a percentage of the first metric, ie, the
percentage of business under the NED Shipment Metric that was expected to be
“new business” (the Respondent’s sales target for the NBM was 10% of her sales
target for the NED Shipment Metric). A guideline was also disseminated to the
staff on 6 October 2011 via email to, inter alia, define what qualified as
“new business” for the purposes of the NBM (“the Guidelines”). The Respondent
only received this email on 7 December 2011, though she had already heard
about the NBM and its impending introduction sometime in September 2011. The
Guidelines provided as follows:

Implementation Guideline

…

New Business definition

• New end-user customer

• New application and/or new area for the existing end-user customer

• New NonStop system sale as pre-requisite to new business entitlement

• To differentiate new biz from upsell

6 The Appellant’s regional NED director, Sandeep Kapoor (“Sandeep”), was one
of the developers of the NBM. According to Sandeep, the NBM was introduced to
incentivise sales employees to “sell to new customers and to seed new customer
accounts”. There was a need to do so because the sales records for the
previous financial year showed that a disproportionate percentage of the NED’s
total business came from existing customers through “technology refreshes”
and/or “up-sells”. “Technology refreshes” refer to the customer migrating from
old HP servers to new HP servers and “up-sells” refer to the customer
purchasing greater capacity loads or other upgrades on its existing HP
servers. As the Appellant’s servers had become more powerful, “technology
refreshes” and “up-sells” were occurring less frequently; hence, the need to
incentivise sales employees to source for “new business”. In an email dated 26
July 2011 by Sandeep in relation to the development of the incentive
compensation plan for FY12, Sandeep wrote:

It’s very critical to goal specialist on new business as our installed base
revenues will continue to erode due to systems getting powerful and customers
investing in platform refresh now have enough capacities to buy for next 4-5
years. Hence the need to incent [sic] the NED specs to hunt for new business
to drive growth in FY12 and beyond.

7 As alluded to at [2] above, the claim brought by the Respondent was for
outstanding incentive compensation in respect of a contract that she helped
secure with NETS (“the NETS Contract”). One of the key issues in the present
appeal is whether the NETS Contract qualified as “new business” pursuant to
the Guidelines. If it did, then the NETS Contract, valued at S$5.38m, would go
towards satisfying the Respondent’s sales quota under the NBM, thus entitling
her to additional incentive compensation to the tune of S$584,613.19, which
formed part of her claim against the Appellant. We now turn to the facts
surrounding the NETS Contract and the events that followed.

The NETS Contract

8 NETS operates an electronic payment system that allows ATM cards to be used
to make payments island wide. NETS had been using the Appellant’s servers
known as the Tandem system, which it had purchased sometime in 2001, to
support its e-payment services. These servers ran a software application known
as Base24 Classic, which was provided by a company called ACI Worldwide Inc.

9 Sometime in 2010, NETS decided to replace its existing Tandem system because
the Appellant had begun phasing out the Tandem system and would eventually
discontinue all maintenance support for those servers by 31 December 2011.
Besides the Appellant’s servers, NETS was also considering using servers from
International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) (known as the AIX system)
which ran a software application named 1st Switch from a company called FIS.
Faced with this competition, the Respondent and her team presented “a very
aggressive proposal” to NETS to purchase HP’s new NonStop system to replace
the old Tandem system. Despite their efforts, NETS decided, in late 2010, to
purchase the IBM servers and eventually entered into an agreement with IBM
which, according to Lau Soon Liang (“Soon Liang”), NETS’ then director of
technology and infrastructure, was worth S$5m to S$6m. In April 2011, NETS
took delivery of the IBM servers. It also contracted with FIS for the 1st
Switch software application.

10 The process of migration from the HP system to the IBM system was expected
to take place over 18 months – commencing in 2011 and stretching through 2012.
However, due to the critical nature of NETS’ e-payment service to the general
public, the existing HP system had to remain online until after the migration
was completed. Hence, during this period of migration, NETS continued to use
its old Tandem system to serve its critical business needs. Furthermore, the
Appellant continued to supply maintenance services to NETS under a maintenance
contract and NETS continued to pay software licence charges to the Appellant.

11 Notwithstanding NETS’ decision to purchase IBM servers in late 2010, the
Respondent and her team devised a strategy in January 2011 to place pressure
on NETS to discontinue its migration to the IBM servers and to purchase new
NonStop servers from HP instead. As mentioned at [9] above, HP’s maintenance
services for the Tandem system were slated to be discontinued by 31 December
2011, before the planned migration was expected to be completed. According to
Soon Liang, “the continual maintenance from the hardware vendor [was] very
critical”. Even after the new IBM system had gone live, NETS would still
require maintenance for the old Tandem system for at least three months as the
old system would be used by NETS as a fall back. Part of the Respondent’s
strategy was thus to refuse NETS’ request to extend the Appellant’s
maintenance services for the Tandem system unless NETS purchased new HP
NonStop servers, thereby placing pressure on NETS to abandon its migration to
IBM. In response, NETS engaged a third party, Marshall Resources, sometime in
August 2011 to maintain its old Tandem servers.

12 However, in addition to the pressure placed by the Appellant on NETS,
problems and delays began surfacing in NETS’ migration to the IBM servers. FIS
was unable to provide NETS with a satisfactory system as of December 2011.
Furthermore, key NETS personnel involved in the migration project had resigned
in April 2011. Having gotten wind of this information, the Respondent began
wooing NETS more aggressively. Active negotiations took place between October
2011 and March 2012 to explore the option of NETS using HP’s NonStop Blades
system instead. On 15 November 2011, the Respondent submitted a quote to NETS
for the purchase of HP’s NonStop Blades system. As an added incentive to NETS,
the Respondent also offered an extension of the Appellant’s maintenance
services for the old Tandem system up to 31 March 2012. Further, if NETS
issued their purchase order for the NonStop Blades system by March 2012, the
maintenance services would be extended to June 2013. On 23 February 2012, the
Respondent issued a finalised quotation and NETS issued a purchase order on 21
March 2012 worth about S$5.38m for the new HP servers.

The Respondent’s claim for the NETS Contract as “new business”

13 As mentioned above at [3], the Respondent learnt of the introduction of the
NBM sometime in September 2011, before the conclusion of the NETS Contract
(though, as already noted, she was only provided the Guidelines on 7 December
2011). At this juncture, the Respondent was deep in the process of chasing the
NETS Contract. On 27 September 2011, she sent an email to her then country
sales manager, Koh Lian Chong (“Lian Chong”), seeking clarification on certain
aspects of her FY12 sales compensation plan, including whether the NETS
Contract would be considered “new [business] since it has been lost to IBM”.
This email was forwarded by Lian Chong to one Rocky Wong, an employee in HP’s
Asia-Pacific & Japan Sales Operations department, who responded to Lian Chong
as follows:

… The high level guideline to define “New biz” is New applications on existing
customer Existing applications on new customer[.] For the real case, I will
leave it to the biz managers (Thomas & Sandeep) to make the final call. …

14 Rocky Wong’s email was only forwarded to the Respondent on 26 October 2011.
On the same day, the Respondent emailed Sandeep and Thomas Lee (the then
general manager of HP’s Enterprise Group department) to ask whether selling
new NonStop servers to NETS would be considered “new business”. The relevant
portions of the email read as follows:

Hi, Thomas and Sandeep,

Would selling new NonStop [hardware/software] to NETS be considered ‘New
Business’ since NETS has already purchased [IBM’s servers] … to run 1st Switch
to replace Base24 on NonStop beginning of this year? NETS is currently in the
process of migrating from one solution running on HP NonStop platform to
another solution running IBM AIX platform.

However, neither Sandeep nor Thomas Lee replied to the Respondent.

15 On 17 February 2012, the Respondent again attempted to find out if the NETS
Contract would qualify as “new business”. She emailed Julie Shaw, a Sales
Operations Manager in HP’s Enterprise Group, stating as follows:

… please seek clarification that winning back NETS as a NonStop account (lost
to IBM when NETS decided to migrate out of Base24 to 1st Switch) is considered
‘New Business’ and that the NonStop product revenue for this deal will go
towards fulfilling the quota for the [NBM].

Sandeep, who was copied in the above email, was the one who responded to the
Respondent. In an email dated 22 February 2012, he wrote:

Corinna,

As I had mentioned during the [Sales Kick-Off event] and also during our call
, the rules have been set for new business and I really want each every NED
spec to overachieve their goal by drive new business. Julie will look into the
definition of new business . We may have to take opinion from sales comp and
few other [Enterprise Servers, Storage and Network] management people.

In the meantime , could you reconfirm what is the quota for new business in
your sales plan, that has been agreed with you and Jacob …

16 Having failed to receive a definitive response from the Appellant’s
management, the Respondent, in a reply dated 27 February 2012 to an email by
Thomas Lee urging her to close the NETS deal, asked Thomas Lee for help in
resolving the “[NBM] issue asap so [she has] clarity to [her] comp plan and
our goal”. To this, Thomas Lee replied on 1 March 2012 as follows:

Corinna, I am a bit puzzled at reading your answer.

Let me clarify. You/we have a must win deal [in NETS] to close in Q2. Let’s
make sure we close it. As sales rep, it’s your job. It’s my job.

I am not aware of this sales comp issue. However, we will address it
separately with your Manager. …

17 On 13 March 2012, eight days before the NETS Contract was entered into,
Jacob told the Respondent (via an email) that he would be taking the NETS
Contract as “new business”. This was significant because the Guidelines
provided that all incentive compensation claims for “new business” were to be
made via a “new business” claim form, which had to be endorsed by the country
manager and approved by the regional NED manager. Jacob was the Respondent’s
country manager and Sandeep was the regional NED manager.

18 On 20 April 2012, the Respondent submitted her claim form for the NETS
Contract to be endorsed and approved as “new business”. The claim form
provided for two categories, viz, “New Customer” and “Existing Customer”,
respectively. In filling up the form, the Respondent highlighted the latter
category and added the words “Win Back account” in parentheses next to it. She
also stated that the NonStop system was replacing the IBM servers, and the
applications used were Base24 and Base24-EPS. Jacob endorsed the Respondent’s
claim almost immediately upon receiving it. The claim was then forwarded to
Sandeep on 7 May 2012 for approval.

19 Sandeep, however, did not approve the Respondent’s claim. In an email dated
8 May 2012 to Jacob and Thomas Lee, he wrote as follows:

Jacob,

NETS deal is not a clear cut fit to be qualified for new business definition ,
yet is very important win at the same time

…

Areas that need discussion

…

2\. New business definition is either for a new customer or new application
within customer . based on all known facts , NETS deal doesn’t fall into this
category ( at least not clearly explained in the claim )

I’d set up a meeting so that we can discuss this face to face to find an
acceptable solution.

20 The meeting mentioned in the email referred to in the preceding paragraph
took place a few days later. At the end of the meeting, Sandeep directed Jacob
to check whether the new NonStop system was replacing the IBM system or the
old HP Tandem system, and whether any new application ran on the new NonStop
system. On 7 June 2012, Jacob confirmed that NETS had “moved from HP old NED
system to HP new NED system” and that there was “[n]o new application running
in the new system”. Based on this information, Sandeep concluded that the NETS
Contract did not qualify as “new business” under the Guidelines. He was of the
view that this was corroborated by the low sales quota for “new business” set
for the Respondent, ie, 10% of her total NED Shipment Metric quota – the
minimum required. He thus rejected the Respondent’s claim.

21 Dissatisfied with the outcome, the Respondent lodged a complaint with the
Appellant’s corporate compliance department for alleged unethical and
discriminatory management practice on 8 June 2012. This led to an internal
probe titled “Project Merlion”. The Respondent also escalated the matter to
various levels of HP’s management, including the vice-president of HP NED
Worldwide, and continued doing so even after she was retrenched on 18 June
2012 as part of the Appellant’s Workforce Reduction Program. Despite the
Respondent’s efforts, HP’s management eventually stood by Sandeep’s decision.
On 3 October 2012, the Appellant sent a letter (“the 3 October 2012 letter”)
to the Respondent (signed by the Vice President of Sales Strategy, Operations
& TCE) informing her that after a comprehensive review, it was “satisfied that
the NETS Contract does not amount to ‘NED New Business’ (Metric 2) for the
purposes of [her] sales compensation plan”. The letter also set out the
reasons for the Appellant’s decision, which were as follows:

(a) NETS had at all material times used HP’s system and never migrated off
them;

(b) NETS had continued with support maintenance;

(c) NETS was therefore not a new account or end-user customer; the new NonStop
system was also being used for the same application/area as the previous
system; and

(d) Additionally, the sales engagement effort was to defend the installed base
(ie, installed base tech refresh), rather than hunting for new business. This
did not satisfy the “rationale” behind the NBM, which was for sales
specialists to “hunt for new business and to increase penetration of new
NonStop systems sales as the traditional installed base technology refresh
sales approach was becoming very limited”.

It is noteworthy that even though the NETS Contract was rejected as “new
business”, the Appellant had taken it as satisfying the other two metrics of
the Respondent’s sales plan, ie, metric one and three at [3] above, and the
Respondent was accordingly compensated with a sum of S$229,370.60 upon her
retrenchment.

22 The 3 October 2012 letter stated, further, that the amount of incentive
compensation the Respondent was entitled to was to be calculated on an
aggregate basis, ie, by measuring her sales performance against full-year
targets. However, the Respondent was of the view that the calculation should
have been based on pro-rated targets as her employment was terminated
involuntarily. In fact, the calculation for her incentive compensation was
initially done on a pro-rated basis, but for some reason, this was changed to
an aggregate basis as stated in the 3 October 2012 letter.

23 The Respondent thus brought an action against the Appellant claiming
S$584,613.19 worth of incentive compensation in respect of the NETS Contract
(“the NBM Claim”) and S$42,756.35 on the basis that her final incentive pay
should have been calculated based on pro-rated targets rather than full-year
targets (“the Pro-Rated Quota Claim”).

The decision in the court below

24 In so far as the NBM Claim was concerned, the Judge was of the view that
the Guidelines’ definition of “new business” and specifically, the definition
of “new end-user customer” was objectively ambiguous (see the GD at [41]). The
Judge found that it was unclear whether the parties had intended for “new end-
user customer” to include a former customer who had returned to the Appellant
to buy a NonStop product, ie, a “win-back” customer (see the GD at [57]). He
thus construed the term contra proferentem against the Appellant, which had
drafted the Guidelines, and found that the term “new end-user customer”
included a “win-back” customer. On the facts, he found that NETS was a “win-
back” customer and thus a “new end-user customer” when it signed the NETS
Contract in March 2012. The NETS Contract therefore fell within the definition
of “new business” under the Guidelines (see the GD at [59]). In the
circumstances, the Judge did not decide on the other arguments the Respondent
had proffered, viz, (i) that the NETS Contract was a “new application and/or
new area for the existing end-user customer” and (ii) that the Appellant was
estopped from claiming that the NETS Contract was not “new business”. He
accordingly made no finding on them (see the GD at [23] and [62],
respectively).

25 In so far as the Pro-Rated Quota Claim was concerned, the Judge relied on
the SC Policy 2012 and HP’s Global Sales Compensation Handbook for FY12 (“the
SC Handbook 2012”). Specifically, he relied on the following provisions of the
SC Policy 2012:

8.4 Terminations

• The Sales employee’s final incentive pay will be calculated with full
measurement plan period TIA, goals, and performance credit for the time spent
in the sales role.

…

• For involuntary terminations and where applicable, liability due for
performance level pay advances will be based on prorated goals (seasonality
and weighted performance average factored where applicable) and performance
credit for the time of active status in sales role.

• For voluntary terminations and where applicable liability due for
performance level pay advances will be based on full period quota and will not
be prorated.

The first bullet point above shall be referred to as “Section 8.4 bullet point
1”, whilst the following bullet points shall be referred to as “Section 8.4
bullet point 7” and “Section 8.4 bullet point 8”, respectively.

26 The Judge found that the Terminations section referred the reader to
additional information in the SC Handbook 2012, which contained the following
scenario to illustrate the effect of the Terminations section (see the GD at
[67]):

Scenario: Voluntary termination- Final incentive pay calculation example
including a 60% performance level pay advance threshold liability

Question:

Jack Black was on an annual Sales plan and decided to leave HP voluntarily at
the end Q1 of his measurement plan period, would his final incentive payment
be based on prorated measurement plan period quota and sales performance
attainment?

Jack’s Sales plan also included a 60% performance level pay advance. Would his
liability calculation be based on prorated quota and sales performance
attainment?

Answer:

Since Jack has left HP voluntarily policy states (Section 8.4) that the final
incentive payment will be based on full measurement plan period quota and
sales performance attainment. No proration will be used. Moreover, Jack’s
Sales plan included a 60% performance level pay advance threshold and the
liability calculation would not be based on prorated quota or sales
performance attainment either. In this case, Jack would be liable to pay back
the incentive payments made because the 60% performance level threshold limit
was not satisfied.

[emphasis added]

27 The Judge was of the view that the answer referred to in the preceding
paragraph indicated that the proration method would be used if a sales
employee left HP involuntarily (see the GD at [69]). Yet, Section 8.4 bullet
point 1 of the SC Policy 2012 when read alone stated that incentive pay would
be calculated with reference to full-year goals regardless of whether the
termination was voluntary or not (see the GD at [73]). The Judge concluded
that Section 8.4 bullet point 1, when considered together with the SC Handbook
2012 and Section 8.4 bullet points 7 and 8, was ambiguous as to whether it
applied to all terminations or only to voluntary terminations (see the GD at
[87]). He thus applied the contra proferentem rule against the Appellant and
held that it applied only to voluntary terminations (see the GD at [88]).

Issues

28 There are, in essence, two issues before this court.

29 The first issue is whether the NETS Contract satisfied the definition of
“new business” pursuant to the Guidelines such that the Respondent was
entitled to the compensation she had claimed (“Issue 1”).

30 The second issue is whether the Respondent’s final incentive pay should be
calculated with reference to full-year targets or to pro-rated targets instead
(“Issue 2”).

The parties’ respective arguments

Appellant’s arguments

31 In so far as Issue 1 was concerned, the Appellant submitted that there was
no ambiguity in the Guidelines’ definition of “new business”. In particular,
NETS was not a “new end-user customer” because NETS’ critical business load
remained on the Appellant’s servers at all material times and there were
extant maintenance and software licences between the Appellant and NETS in
relation to these servers as well. The NETS Contract also did not satisfy the
criterion relating to “new application and/or new area for the existing end-
user customer” because the application that ran on the new NonStop system was
the same as that which ran on the old Tandem system, ie, Base24, and the
“area” which NETS employed the new NonStop servers in was the same area that
the old Tandem system supported. Therefore, neither category of the
Guidelines’ definition of “new business” was satisfied.

32 In so far as Issue 2 was concerned, the Appellant submitted that Section
8.4 bullet point 1 of the SC Policy 2012 makes no distinction between
voluntary and involuntary terminations and clearly provides that incentive
compensation will be calculated on an aggregate basis for all terminations.
Further, the SC Handbook 2012 was not intended to introduce ambiguity to the
SC Policy 2012, and in any event, the SC Handbook 2012 contained a “supremacy
clause” which stipulated that the SC Policy 2012 was to prevail in the event
of any conflict between the two.

Respondent’s arguments

33 In so far as Issue 1 was concerned, the Respondent submitted that the term
“new end-user customer” was ambiguous and that the Judge was therefore correct
in construing the term against the Appellant by interpreting it as including a
“win-back” customer. NETS was a “win-back” customer because it had previously
been “lost” by the Appellant as a customer when it signed an agreement with
IBM to purchase their servers. The only reason why NETS’ critical business
load remained on the Appellant’s servers and NETS continued to have
maintenance and software licence contracts with the Appellant was because the
migration process took time to complete. The Respondent also made two
alternative arguments: (i) the NETS Contract would still qualify as “new
business” under the other criterion of “new application and/or new area for
the existing end-user customer”; and (ii) the Appellant was estopped from
denying that the NETS Contract constituted “new business”.

34 In so far as Issue 2 was concerned, the Respondent submitted that Section
8.4 bullet point 1 of the SC Policy 2012 was ambiguous, especially when viewed
in the light of Section 8.4 bullet points 7 and 8, as well as the SC Handbook
2012. The Judge was therefore correct in construing Section 8.4 bullet point 1
against the Appellant by limiting it to voluntary terminations only.
Alternatively, the Respondent submitted that the Appellant had a Human
Resource (“HR”) policy and practice to calculate incentive compensation on a
pro-rated basis for involuntary terminations which would prevail over the SC
Policy 2012.

Our decision

Issue 1

35 At the outset, it must be noted that the Guidelines define “new business”
with reference to the status of the purchaser of new NonStop servers, ie,
whether the purchaser was a “new end-user customer” or an “existing end-user
customer”. If it was the former, then the sale of new NonStop servers to it
would per se constitute “new business”. If it was the latter, the sale of new
NonStop servers would amount to “new business” only if the servers were for a
“new area” or if a “new application” ran on the servers. The focus of the
inquiry should thus begin with determining what kind of customer NETS was.

36 The Appellant relied on two arguments which were also canvassed in the
court below and which we have mentioned above at [31]. The first was that NETS
did not fall within the first bullet-point of the Guidelines, viz, NETS was
not a “new end-user customer” and, hence, there had been no “new business”
which entitled the Respondent to the compensation claimed.

37 The second was that NETS, although an “existing end-user customer”, also
did not fall within the second bullet-point of the Guidelines, viz, the NETS
Contract did not fall within the situation relating to a “new application
and/or new area for the existing end-user customer” and, hence, there had been
no “new business” which entitled the Respondent to the compensation claimed.

38 We now turn to consider each argument in turn. We will then consider the
Respondent’s argument with regard to estoppel.

Was NETS a “new end-user customer”?

39 As alluded to at the outset of this judgment, the precise facts and context
are of the first importance in arriving at a decision involving contractual
interpretation. In this regard, before considering the specific facts and
circumstances of this case, it is apposite to consider the more (and extremely
important) general question as to what the NBM was intended to achieve in the
first place. We have already mentioned above at [6] that the NBM was
instituted to incentivise sales representatives to “sell to new customers and
seed new customer accounts” and to “expand the footprint of the NonStop”. The
impetus for the NBM was two-fold: first, a disproportionate percentage of the
total NED business had emanated from existing customers through “technology
refreshes” and/or “up-sells”, rather than from new customers; and second,
“technology refreshes” and “up-sells” were slowing down due to the fact that
the Appellant’s servers were becoming more powerful. Hence, there was a need
to incentivise sales employees to seek out “new business” (see the GD at
[34]). With this general backdrop and context in mind, let us now turn to the
specific facts and circumstances of the present case.

40 As set out above at [10], it is clear that, although NETS had entered into
a separate contract with IBM with a view to leaving the Appellant, it
nevertheless continued in a contractual relationship with the Appellant. At
all material times, NETS continued to use the Appellant’s servers. It also
had, at all material times, extant maintenance and software licence contracts
with the Appellant in relation to those servers (despite, as noted above at
[11], NETS having engaged Marshall Resources as a fallback in the event the
Appellant terminated its maintenance services with NETS). Put simply, at no
time did NETS terminate its contractual relationship with the Appellant. The
fact that its motive was to ultimately migrate successfully to the IBM servers
is beside the point (as, in fact, later events demonstrated). Hence, when the
migration exercise that NETS had contemplated would take them exclusively to
IBM servers (at which time NETS would have terminated its contractual
relationship with the Appellant) failed to come to pass, at that particular
point in time, NETS was – and thenceforth continued to be – in a contractual
relationship with the Appellant. More importantly, this contractual
relationship continued to persist at the time the NETS Contract was entered
into. It is clear, in our view, that on these facts, NETS could not be said to
be a “new end-user customer” simply because it had always been in a
contractual relationship with the Appellant. However, could it be said that,
because NETS had already signed a separate contract with IBM, this last-
mentioned conclusion is excessively technical inasmuch as – as counsel for the
Respondent, Mr P E Ashokan (“Mr Ashokan”) argued – NETS had already been
“lost” as the Appellant’s customer as NETS had already decided to migrate to
IBM servers and had in fact entered into a separate contract with IBM and even
taken delivery of the IBM servers?

41 With respect, however, whilst Mr Ashokan’s argument appears persuasive at
first blush, his argument does not take into account the fact (as just noted)
that NETS was simultaneously in a contractual relationship with both the
Appellant and IBM, and, indeed, never terminated the relationship with the
Appellant. Indeed, NETS had sound commercial reasons for maintaining its
contractual relationship with the Appellant. As already noted, the nature of
its business was such that it could not brook any disruption to its servers
and services. Hence, a period of migration where NETS continued to use the
Appellant’s servers was necessary. However, that meant that any number of
future scenarios was possible which might entail NETS not ultimately
terminating its contractual relationship with the Appellant. These included
the unsuccessful attempt to migrate to IBM servers and/or (as it, in fact,
turned out to be the case) the Appellant managing to persuade NETS to continue
in its existing contractual relationship with the Appellant. It is clear, in
our view, that NETS was, in these facts and circumstances, an existing
customer who had, in the final analysis, been persuaded not to leave the
Appellant. In other words, NETS had never been “lost” as the Appellant’s
customer.

42 It is true that, in a colloquial sense, by virtue of its entry into a
separate contract with IBM, NETS had had one foot out of the door. However, it
should also be noted that NETS simultaneously had the other foot in the
Appellant’s door. What is of first importance for the purposes of the present
appeal is that NETS never had both feet completely out of the Appellant’s
door. It was only in this last-mentioned situation that NETS could be said to
have been “lost” as the Appellant’s customer – which was not the situation in
the present case. In this regard, it is significant, in our view, that NETS
had at all material times continued using the Appellant’s servers, and that
for all intents and purposes, the contractual relationship between NETS and
the Appellant had continued throughout as had always been the case.
Undoubtedly, the contractual relationship between NETS and the Appellant
related to maintenance of the former’s servers. However, in addition to such
maintenance contracts being not insubstantial in value, this was, in fact, the
only relationship that could exist between the parties once a purchase of the
Appellant’s servers was made and until such time NETS (as it subsequently did)
purchased new HP servers.

43 There is a further reason as to why NETS could not be considered to be a
“new end-user customer” within the NBM. This brings us back to the general
backdrop and context referred to above (at [39]). To recapitulate, the general
purpose of the NBM was to ensure revenue streams that emanated from completely
new or fresh sources – as opposed to mere “technology refreshes” and “up-
sells”. Properly understood, the purpose of the NBM was to encourage sales
employees to focus their efforts on selling HP NonStop servers to businesses
that were not using HP servers at all. Alternatively, the purpose of the NBM
was to encourage sales employees to persuade businesses that were already
using HP servers for some applications/areas of their operations to purchase
HP NonStop servers for the purpose of other applications/areas that were
hitherto utilising non-HP servers. Looked at in this light, the concept of a
“new end-user customer” referred to the former (ie, businesses that were not
using HP servers at all), whereas the concept of a “new application and/or new
area for the existing end-user customer” referred to the latter (ie,
businesses that were using HP servers that could be persuaded to purchase HP
servers for some applications/areas that were hitherto utilising non-HP
servers). Indeed, the latter concept will be dealt with in the next part of
this judgment and it will suffice for present purposes to note that this
(second) concept excludes “technology refreshes” and “up-sells” (which, ex
hypothesi, would not result in an expansion of the NED “footprint”). What,
however, is clear is that NETS, being an existing user of HP servers could
not, in any event, be considered a “new end-user customer” for the purposes of
the NBM.

44 Mr Ashokan argued that from a “sales perspective”, the fact that NETS
continued to utilise HP servers during the migration period did not mean that
NETS continued to be the Appellant’s customer. Such utilisation was only
temporary and was done only because the migration to IBM servers (due to its
complexity) happened to take a long time, and NETS could ill-afford to have
its services disrupted. We point out, however, that from a “sales
perspective”, the fact that NETS continued (and in fact, needed) to utilise HP
servers during this period of migration is critical. First, this meant that
during migration, NETS was dependent on the maintenance services provided by
the Appellant. From a sales representative’s perspective, the Appellant thus
continued to have influence and leverage over NETS. Secondly, according to
Sandeep, it was “common for unforeseen problems arising in the migration
process” (as the facts of the present case demonstrate). This is corroborated
by an email exchange in August 2011 between the Respondent and the Appellant’s
Technical Services Department regarding the extension of the Appellant’s
maintenance services to NETS. Lian Chong stated as follows:

… NETS signing on a 3rd party spells more opportunity for us in HP. There is
no point to U turn our decision. This means

1) NETS is concerned enough to sign a non HP endorse support party. Anything
happens, we are off the hook.

2) There are many risks in the migration from NonStop. Two incidents in the
IOMF [processors] failing and things will start to fail, I can guarantee you.

Lets [sic] wait. …

[emphasis added]

45 The fact that the migration period was long and that NETS continued to
utilise HP servers during this period therefore presented sales
representatives with a window of opportunity to persuade NETS to stay with the
Appellant. During this period, from a “sales perspective”, NETS would continue
being viewed as a customer of the Appellant that sales representatives could
potentially retain, notwithstanding that NETS had signed with IBM. Put simply,
before NETS signed with IBM in late 2010, NETS was a “customer” of the
Appellant, and it was expected of sales representatives like the Respondent to
retain such customers. Even after NETS signed with IBM, the fact remained that
the Respondent was expected to persuade NETS to stay with the Appellant as a
customer, at least until NETS had successfully migrated to the IBM servers and
terminated all contractual relationships with the Appellant. Indeed, this is
what the Respondent did in the present case. From as early as January 2011,
just mere weeks after NETS had decided to purchase IBM servers and before
there was any news of problems with NETS’ migration, the Respondent and her
team had begun planning a strategy to place “pressure on NETS to discontinue
the migration to the [IBM] servers and to purchase a new NonStop hardware
system from HP’s NED”.

46 In the light of the foregoing, it should also be noted that the phrase “new
end-user customer” is clear and, as applied to the facts as set out in the
preceding paragraphs, would (as just noted) exclude NETS as it was an existing
customer who had also hitherto been using HP servers. In fairness to the
Respondent, however, we note that the Judge had, in contrast, decided that the
phrase “new end-user customer” was ambiguous and therefore applied the contra
proferentem rule in the Respondent’s favour. With respect, however, we are of
the view that the contra proferentem rule was not applicable on the facts of
the present case (and for valuable expositions on this rule (to which we are
greatly indebted), see Gerard McMeel, The Construction of Contracts:
Interpretation, Implication, and Rectification (Oxford University Press, 2nd
Ed, 2011) at paras 8.04−8.15; Sir Kim Lewison, The Interpretation of Contracts
(Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2011) at para 7.08; and J W Carter, The Construction
of Commercial Contracts (Hart Publishing, 2013) at paras 4-44−4-47). Let us
elaborate.

47 It has been clearly established that, in order for the contra proferentem
rule to apply, the ambiguity must exist within the very term or terms of the
contract itself. The court is not permitted to locate (or, rather, “create”)
an ambiguity in the term or terms of the contract where none had existed
before. However, could it be argued that Sandeep’s delay in responding to the
Respondent was evidence of the fact that the phrase “new end-user customer”
was in fact ambiguous? Whilst we would not dismiss such an argument out of
hand, we are of the view that there are serious difficulties with it.

48 It is important to first characterise Sandeep’s delay in responding to the
Respondent’s queries over whether the NETS Contract qualified as “new
business”. To recapitulate, the question was first put to Sandeep in an email
dated 26 October 2011. He did not reply to this email. The question was then
put to him again in an email dated 17 February 2012. This time, he replied a
few days later stating that the issue would be looked into and that he had to
consult other sales operations personnel before he could give the Respondent a
definitive reply. On 7 May 2012, the Respondent’s claim for the NETS Contract
to be considered “new business” was placed before Sandeep for approval.
Sandeep, however, did not approve it. Instead, he wrote to Jacob stating that
the NETS Contract was not a “clear-cut fit” into either definition of “new
business” and arranged for a meeting to discuss the matter. At the conclusion
of the meeting, he directed Jacob to check whether NETS had migrated from IBM
servers or the old Tandem servers to the new NonStop servers, and whether any
new application ran on the new NonStop servers. Upon Jacob confirming that
NETS had migrated from the old Tandem servers and that no new application ran
on the new NonStop servers, Sandeep then rejected the Respondent’s claim.

49 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Gregory Vijayendran (“Mr Vijayendran”),
sought to argue that Sandeep’s delay in responding to the Respondent could be
explained on the basis that the NETS Contract, at the material time, had yet
to be “scoped out”. Whilst this may be a plausible explanation for Sandeep’s
lack of a reply to the Respondent’s email of 26 October 2011 (given that it
was approximately six months before the actual entry into the NETS Contract),
we do not accept it as an explanation for why Sandeep did not give the
Respondent a definitive reply to her email of 17 February 2012. At that time,
the negotiations between the parties for the NETS Contract were in the final
phase. A finalised quote was sent by the Respondent to NETS the very next day,
and the NETS Contract was entered into about a month later. It appears to us
unlikely that the NETS Contract had not been “scoped out” with sufficient
certainty to enable Sandeep, at that time, to at least make a preliminary
decision on whether it qualified as “new business”. In our view, the more
likely explanation for Sandeep’s conduct (or lack of a definitive response) is
that the situation of a customer signing with a competitor and yet staying on
thereafter was never in the contemplation of Sandeep’s mind when he had
developed and promulgated the NBM. Indeed, according to Sandeep, the concept
of a “win-back” customer was so hypothetical and remote in the business that
it had not been factored in when the rules were set for generating new
business. Mr Vijayendran also candidly accepted as much. Faced with a
situation that he had hitherto not considered when he developed the NBM and
the Guidelines, Sandeep thus needed time to first consult with others and then
make a decision. There were therefore sound reasons for Sandeep not responding
immediately (though we note that whether Sandeep’s conduct impacts the issue
of costs is (potentially at least) a somewhat different matter).

50 Understandably, one might conceivably argue that if the definition of “new
business” or “new end-user customer” was in fact unambiguous, then there was
no reason why Sandeep should have taken so long to come to a decision as to
whether the NETS Contract qualified or not. However, we emphasise that
difficulties of application cannot be equated (or conflated) with ambiguity of
the contractual term itself. This was also underscored by Lord Wilberforce in
the House of Lords decision of L Schuler AG v Wickman Machine Tool Sales Ltd
[1974] AC 235 (“Wickman”) where the learned Law Lord observed thus in relation
to latent ambiguities (at 261): “ambiguity … is not to be equated with
difficulty of construction, even difficulty to a point where judicial opinion
as to meaning has differed”. It must be noted that Sandeep, having considered
the matter, the purpose of the NBM and the information provided to him by
Jacob, ultimately did come to the conclusion that the criterion “new end-user
customer” excluded NETS.

51 At this juncture, it is apposite for us to reiterate that in order for the
contra proferentem rule to apply, it is a necessary condition that there be an
ambiguity in the contract which cannot be resolved (and not merely that it is
difficult to resolve) by interpreting the term in the context of the overall
contract. The rule cannot apply to create an ambiguity where one does not
exist (see the Singapore High Court decision of LTT Global Consultants v BMC
Academy Pte Ltd [2011] 3 SLR 903 at [56]). In the English Court of Appeal
decision of McGeown v Direct Travel Insurance [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 609, Auld
LJ warned against too ready a recourse to the contra proferentem rule (at
[13]):

… A court should be wary of starting its analysis by finding an ambiguity by
reference to the words in question looked at on their own. And it should not,
in any event, on such a finding, move straight to the contra proferentem rule
without first looking at the context and, where appropriate, permissible aids
to identifying the purpose of the commercial document of which the words form
part. Too early recourse to the contra proferentem rule runs the danger of
‘creating’ an ambiguity where there is none… [emphasis added]

52 The cautionary words of Auld LJ are even more germane given this court’s
endorsement of the contextual approach to contractual interpretation in the
decision of this court in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) (at [114]). The first task of the court is always to construe the
document based on the well-established principles of contractual
interpretation, including looking at the surrounding context as well as at the
purpose of the agreement. In the words of Kirby J in the Australian High Court
decision of McCann v Switzerland Insurance Australia Ltd and Others (2000) 176
ALR 711 at [74(4)]:

… Courts now generally regard the contra proferentem rule (as it is called) as
one of last resort because it is widely accepted that it is preferable that
judges should struggle with the words actually used as applied to the unique
circumstances of the case and reach their own conclusions by reference to the
logic of the matter, rather than by using mechanical formulae. … [emphasis
added]

53 We also add that simply because the situation in the present case was not
contemplated by the drafter (Sandeep) does not mean that the term “new end-
user customer” was ambiguous. Neither does it mean that the term therefore did
not apply to the present situation. This is also logical and commonsensical
otherwise every dispute in the courts with regard to the interpretation of the
term(s) of a contract could, ipso facto, be said to involve ambiguity and
hence attract the application of the contra proferentem rule – which would be
to turn the application of this rule on its head, so to speak. Indeed, it is
also clear that when a contract is drafted, the drafter would not be able to
foresee every possible factual permutation. Put simply, therefore, everything
depends on an objective interpretation of the term by the court itself. As
Chadwick LJ aptly put it in the English Court of Appeal decision of Bromarin
AB and another v IMD Investments Ltd [1999] STC 301 (at 310):

… it is commonplace that problems of construction, in relation to commercial
contracts, do arise where the circumstances which actually arise are not
circumstances which the parties foresaw at the time when they made the
agreement. If the parties have foreseen the circumstances which actually
arise, they will normally, if properly advised, have included some provision
which caters for them. What that provision may be will be a matter of
negotiation in the light of an appreciation of the circumstances for which
provision has to be made.

It is not, to my mind, an appropriate approach to construction to hold that,
where the parties contemplated event ‘A’, and they did not contemplate event
‘B’, their agreement must be taken as applying only in event ‘A’ and cannot
apply in event ‘B’. The task of the court is to decide, in the light of the
agreement that the parties made, what they must have been taken to have
intended in relation to the event, event 'B', which they did not contemplate.
That is, of course, an artificial exercise, because it requires there to be
attributed to the parties an intention which they did not have (as a matter of
fact) because they did not appreciate the problem which needed to be
addressed. But it is an exercise which the courts have been willing to
undertake for as long as commercial contracts have come before them for
construction. It is an exercise which requires the court to look at the whole
agreement which the parties made, the words which they used and the
circumstances in which they used them, and to ask what should reasonable
parties be taken to have intended by the use of those words in that agreement,
made in those circumstances, in relation to this event which they did not in
fact foresee.

[emphasis added]

The exercise of ascertaining what the parties intended is not done in the
abstract or in a vacuum but is, instead, to be anchored in the express
contractual language, the internal and external contexts of the contract and,
more broadly speaking, the contractual purpose (see, for example, Man Yip &
Yihan Goh, “Dealing with Unforeseen Circumstances: Contractual Construction
and Equitable Adjustment” [2014] 1 JBL 83 at 86). It may be the case that
after the court undertakes the objective inquiry as to the meaning of the term
in question, it nevertheless comes to the conclusion that the term is
ambiguous as to whether it provides for the unforeseen event. In such
circumstances, the application of the contra proferentem rule may then be
justified. However, as we have explained above, this is not such a case.

54 There is a further difficulty with relying on Sandeep’s delay in responding
to the Respondent – this evidence comprises post-contractual conduct. Such
conduct must be viewed with the utmost scrutiny as well as concern. Although
the Singapore courts have not ruled out such conduct as evidence that might
aid them in the ascertainment of the relevant context, there has been no
definitive view expressed by way of a positive endorsement (see Zurich
Insurance at [132(d)]). This is because consideration of such conduct would
tend to lead the court away from the objective exercise of interpretation and,
on the contrary, tend to introduce a great deal of subjectivity and
uncertainty instead.

55 Pursuant to the objective principle of interpretation, the court is
concerned with the expressed intentions of the parties, and not their
subjective intentions. The standpoint adopted is that of a reasonable person
having all the background knowledge which would reasonably have been available
to the parties in the situation in which they were at the time the contract
was formed. The extrinsic material sought to be admitted must always go
towards proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately
agreed upon. The conduct of the parties post-contract, in so far as they
reveal the subjective intention of the parties, will generally be irrelevant
in this exercise. It is for this reason, amongst others, that the courts have
precluded the reference to subsequent conduct of the parties in the
construction of contracts. In the House of Lords decision of James Miller &
Partners Ltd v Whitworth Street Estate (Manchester) Ltd [1970] AC 583, for
example, Lord Reid made the following remarks (at 603):

… I must say that I had thought that it is now well settled that it is not
legitimate to use as an aid in the construction of the contract anything which
the parties said or did after it was made. Otherwise one might have the result
that a contract meant one thing the day it was signed, but by reason of
subsequent events meant something different a month or a year later.

This was reinforced by the House of Lords in its subsequent decision of
Wickman where Lord Wilberforce confirmed (at 261):

… The general rule is that extrinsic evidence is not admissible for the
construction of a written contract; the parties’ intentions must be
ascertained, on legal principles of construction, from the words they have
used. It is one and the same principle which excludes evidence of statements,
or actions, during negotiations, at the time of the contract, or subsequent to
the contract, any of which to the lay mind might at first sight seem to be
proper to receive. … [emphasis added]

56 Indeed, this court has held in Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and
another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 that subsequent conduct that was in direct
contradiction of the terms of the concluded contract could not be admitted to
interpret the contract concerned (at [88]). In Lian Hwee Choo Phebe v Maxz
Universal Development Group Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 624, this court also
endorsed the principle that a contract must generally be interpreted as at the
date it was made and in light of the circumstances prevailing on the date (at
[11]). We emphasise, however, that by referring to these decisions, we are not
endorsing a blanket prohibition on the use of subsequent conduct. Like the
question of the admissibility of prior negotiations, the question of the
admissibility of subsequent conduct remains an open one that should be decided
on a more appropriate occasion (see the decision of this court in Xia Zhengyan
v Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 at [62]). We do, however, reiterate that any
such evidence must satisfy the tripartite requirements of relevancy,
reasonable availability and clear and obvious context mentioned in Zurich
Insurance before it may be admitted to interpret a contract. The requirements
of civil procedure established in the decision of this court in Sembcorp
Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 at [73]
must also be borne in mind. What can be discerned from the two statements of
the House of Lords cited above at [55] is that there is great subjectivity and
uncertainty involved in considering post-contractual conduct in the
interpretive process.

57 Indeed, the present case underscores some of the problems with relying on
subsequent conduct to interpret contracts. First, there is the issue of what
inferences the court should draw from Sandeep’s conduct. Did Sandeep take such
a long time to reply because he was of the view that the term “new end-user
customer” was difficult to apply, or was it for some other reason? Whilst the
courts are well-equipped at drawing the appropriate inferences from conduct,
this adds a layer of uncertainty to the exercise of contractual
interpretation. Secondly, assuming that we take the view that it was because
the term was difficult to apply, there is a strong temptation to come to the
conclusion that the term “new end-user customer” was objectively ambiguous
simply because the drafter (Sandeep) found it difficult to apply. However, as
already mentioned, there might have been very sound reasons for Sandeep not
responding immediately to the Respondent’s questions and this conclusion does
not necessarily follow. What would otherwise have been a clear interpretation
for the court to adopt having considered the text and context of the contract
would now become muddled if the court places undue emphasis on such subsequent
conduct.

58 For the reasons set out above, we are of the view that the term “new end-
user customer” is objectively unambiguous and excludes NETS in the context of
the NETS Contract. We now turn to the second argument raised by the Appellant,
viz, that the NETS Contract did not fall within the situation relating to a
“new application and/or new area for the existing end-user customer”.

Did the NETS Contract fall within the situation relating to a “new application
and/or new area for the existing end-user customer”?

59 To answer this issue, we must turn to the purpose of the NBM in general and
that relating to this definition of “new business” in particular. It will be
recalled that we had observed that this particular definition (ie, the
situation relating to a “new application and/or new area for the existing end-
user customer”) would be satisfied only if it served to result in an expansion
of the NED “footprint”. In particular, as we had also observed (above at
[43]), this particular situation envisaged one in which the existing end-user
customer (who, ex hypothesi, would hitherto have been using HP servers for
some existing applications/areas of its operations) would purchase HP NonStop
servers for the purpose of other applications/areas that were hitherto
utilising non-HP servers. This was clearly not the situation in the present
case.

60 In so far as the term “new application” is concerned, it is undisputed that
the application that eventually ran on the new NonStop servers was Base24
Classic, which was the same application that ran on the old Tandem servers
(see above at [8]). This is corroborated by Jacob’s confirmation to Sandeep
that there was “[n]o new application running in the new system” (see above at
[20]). The Respondent argued that there were four new applications that ran on
the new NonStop servers, ie, Secure MR-Win 6530; TOP; new XYGATE modules; and
GoldenGate software. However, as pointed out by the Appellant (and which we
accept), these applications were merely “accessory software”, ie, software
which improves the functionality of the existing system. Indeed, according to
Soon Liang, Secure MR-Win 6530 and TOP were applications that allowed NETS
staff to access the new NonStop servers to retrieve information for NETS’ day-
to-day operations and to answer consumers’ queries. Further, the GoldenGate
software was meant to merely replicate data from one server to another server.
Such software did not “drive” the need for a new NonStop server which would
then expand the NED “footprint”. To accept the Respondent’s argument would
mean that a “technology refresh” (ie, an existing customer upgrading its
existing servers to better servers) would transform into “new business” simply
because a new data sanitisation software ran on the new servers. This does not
sit well with the purpose of the NBM in general and that relating to this
definition of “new business” in particular.

61 In so far as the term “new area” is concerned, it is also undisputed that
the new NonStop servers were employed to support NETS’ e-payment system, ie,
the same “area” which the old Tandem servers were utilised for. The Respondent
contended that there were other business areas that NETS intended to use the
new NonStop servers for (as set out in the Indicative Roadmap provided in
NETS’ Summary of Requirements dated 21 October 2011). We are of the view,
however, that the predominant purpose of the NETS Contract was for NETS to
purchase new servers to support the e-payment system that was running on the
old Tandem servers, which NETS had to do because the old Tandem servers were
being phased out. This places the NETS Contract outside the definition of “new
area … for the existing end-user customer”.

62 In our view, the NETS Contract was, at best, a mere “technology refresh”.
The new NonStop servers were being employed in the same area as the old Tandem
servers. Further, the fact that NETS had also purchased new software did not
add anything as there was no expansion of the NED “footprint”. This argument
of the Respondent with regard to the criterion relating to a “new application
and/or new area for the existing end-user customer” therefore fails.

Was the Appellant estopped from denying that the NETS Contract constituted
“new business”?

63 It remains for us to deal with the final argument of the Respondent with
regard to Issue 1. The Respondent submitted that the Appellant’s management’s
words and conduct, taken together, constituted an implied promise to her that
the NETS Contract would be considered “new business”, and that she had relied
on this promise to her detriment as she had to “prioritize and put in extra
effort to bring in the revenue of the NETS Contract from Q3 to Q2 of FY2012”.

64 We note that, in this regard, the Respondent is attempting to utilise
promissory estoppel as a “sword”. The Judge did not decide on this issue as he
had found for the Respondent on the issue of interpretation (see the GD at
[62]). In our view, it is unnecessary to decide whether promissory estoppel
may be used as a “sword” given that no implied promise or detrimental reliance
can be readily found on the facts to begin with. The words and conduct of the
Appellant that the Respondent relied on are as follows (most of which have
already been mentioned above):

(a) The email dated 26 October 2011 from Corinna to Sandeep and another
manager asking if the NETS deal would be considered “new business” to which
neither of them replied (see above at [14]);

(b) The email dated 22 February 2012 from Sandeep in response to the
Respondent’s further query on whether the NETS deal would be considered “new
business” (see above at [15]);

(c) The email dated 1 March 2012 from Thomas Lee in response to the Respondent
asking for help in resolving the “[NBM] issue asap” (see above at [16]); and

(d) The email dated 13 March 2012 from Jacob stating that he would take the
NETS Contract as “new business” (see above at [17]).

65 It is trite that to found an estoppel a representation must be clear and
unequivocal (see, for example, Spencer Bower, The Law Relating to Estoppel by
Representation (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2004) at para XIV.2.2). It is clear from
the above-mentioned correspondence that there was no express promise by the
Appellant that the NETS Contract would be taken as “new business” (apart from
Jacob’s email which we will deal with shortly). The above words and conduct,
whether taken individually or together, also do not imply an unequivocal
promise that the NETS Contract would be considered “new business”. At best,
they indicate that Sandeep and Thomas Lee were of the view that the
Respondent’s main focus should be on closing the NETS deal. Whether the NETS
deal amounted to “new business” could be discussed later, since the NETS deal
was a “must win” in any event. Indeed, there was no evidence to suggest that
the Respondent understood Sandeep and Thomas Lee to be promising to take the
NETS Contract as “new business”.

66 In so far as Jacob’s email that he would take the NETS Contract as “new
business” is concerned, that came only a mere week before the NETS Contract
was signed. It cannot be said that the Respondent had relied on it to her
detriment. In fact, it was in the Respondent’s own interest to secure the NETS
deal even if the NETS Contract did not amount to “new business”. This is
because the NETS Contract would still count towards the first and third metric
of her sales plan, thereby affecting her incentive compensation significantly
(as it turned out, to the tune of $229,370.60).

67 We are therefore of the view that no estoppel arises in the present case.
In the light of the foregoing, we find in favour of the Appellant with respect
to Issue 1.

Issue 2

68 We turn now to consider Issue 2, viz, whether the Respondent’s final
incentive pay should be calculated with reference to full-year targets or to
pro-rated targets. To recapitulate, the Respondent contended that Section 8.4
bullet point 1 of the SC Policy 2012 was ambiguous and should therefore be
construed against the Appellant as applying only to voluntary terminations. In
the alternative, the Respondent argued that there was a HR policy and practice
to calculate incentive compensation on a pro-rated quota basis for involuntary
terminations which would prevail over Section 8.4 bullet point 1 of the SC
Policy 2012.

69 We turn to consider each argument in turn.

Does Section 8.4 bullet point 1 of the SC Policy 2012 apply only to voluntary
terminations or to all terminations?

70 For ease of reference, we set out the relevant provisions under the SC
Policy 2012 and the relevant scenario in the SC Handbook 2012:

8.4 Terminations

• The Sales employee’s final incentive pay will be calculated with full
measurement plan period TIA, goals, and performance credit for the time spent
in the sales role.

…

• For involuntary terminations and where applicable, liability due for
performance level pay advances will be based on prorated goals (seasonality
and weighted performance average factored where applicable) and performance
credit for the time of active status in sales role.

• For voluntary terminations and where applicable liability due for
performance level pay advances will be based on full period quota and will not
be prorated.

The relevant scenario in the SC Handbook 2012 was as follows:

Scenario: Voluntary termination- Final incentive pay calculation example
including a 60% performance level pay advance threshold liability

Question:

Jack Black was on an annual Sales plan and decided to leave HP voluntarily at
the end Q1 of his measurement plan period, would his final incentive payment
be based on prorated measurement plan period quota and sales performance
attainment?

Jack’s Sales plan also included a 60% performance level pay advance. Would his
liability calculation be based on prorated quota and sales performance
attainment?

Answer:

Since Jack has left HP voluntarily policy states (Section 8.4) that the final
incentive payment will be based on full measurement plan period quota and
sales performance attainment. No proration will be used. Moreover, Jack’s
Sales plan included a 60% performance level pay advance threshold and the
liability calculation would not be based on prorated quota or sales
performance attainment either. In this case, Jack would be liable to pay back
the incentive payments made because the 60% performance level threshold limit
was not satisfied.

[emphasis added]

71 The Judge was of the view that Section 8.4 bullet point 1 was ambiguous and
therefore construed it to apply only to voluntary terminations. With respect,
we disagree for the following reasons.

72 First, the text clearly states that an employee’s final incentive payment
will be calculated with reference to full-year goals and no mention is made
that a distinction ought to be drawn between voluntary and involuntary
terminations.

73 Secondly, the fact that such a distinction was drawn in respect of
liability due for performance level pay advances (Section 8.4 bullet points 7
and 8) but not in respect of incentive compensation suggests that no such
distinction was intended for the latter. Whilst Section 8.4 bullet points 7
and 8 did demonstrate that employees were to be treated differently depending
on how they were terminated (as noted by the Judge at [73] of the Judgment),
the provisions of the policy clearly limited that distinction to liability due
for performance level pay advances. Those provisions do not introduce any
ambiguity into Section 8.4 bullet point 1.

74 Thirdly, looking at the scenario in the SC Handbook 2012 holistically, the
phrase “[s]ince Jack has left HP voluntarily” was included because the SC
Policy 2012 drew a distinction between voluntary and involuntary terminations
for performance level pay advances liabilities. It was thus necessary to use
those words in the “Answer” since the “Scenario” dealt with performance level
pay advances liabilities as well. Indeed, according to Anthony James Alizzi
(“Anthony”), the Appellant’s Sales Compensation Operations Director for Asia
Pacific & Japan, Section 8.4 bullet points 7 and 8 of the SC Policy 2012
actually only applied to the Americas and not to the other regions of the
world that the Appellant operated in (including the Asia Pacific & Japan,
where the Respondent was situated), and if the Policy had been written for the
rest of the world excluding the Americas, the words “[s]ince Jack has left HP
voluntarily” would not have been there. Therefore, the SC Handbook 2012 should
not be taken to suggest, contrary to Section 8.4 bullet point 1, that final
incentive payment would be calculated on a pro-rated basis if the employee was
terminated involuntarily.

75 Finally, it cannot be the case that Section 8.4 bullet point 1 applied only
to voluntary terminations. If that were so, there would be no term in the SC
Policy 2012 that would have provided for how final incentive payment should be
calculated in respect of involuntary terminations. Further, this would mean
that the situation of involuntary terminations would be governed by the
alleged implication of the SC Handbook 2012 that final incentive payment would
be calculated on a pro-rated basis if the employee was terminated
involuntarily (see the GD at [73]). In essence, the SC Handbook 2012 would be
introducing an entire provision on involuntary terminations to the SC Policy
2012. Notwithstanding that this “provision” was only an implication, the SC
Handbook 2012 provided that it was meant merely to provide “execution
information regarding [SC Policy 2012] topics”. It would be inappropriate to
rely on the SC Handbook 2012 to find an ambiguity in an otherwise clear
provision, and to introduce a provision to the SC Policy 2012 that governed
involuntary terminations. In this regard, we emphasise, once again, that the
contra proferentem rule does not enable the court to adopt a strained meaning
of the contract. In the Supreme Court of New South Wales decision of North v
Marina [2003] NSWSC 64, for example, Campbell J observed thus (at [75]):

The role of the [contra proferentem] maxim is to enable the court to choose
between alternative meanings of the document or clause in question, being
meanings which are fairly open. It is not a legitimate use of the maxim to say
that two meanings of a particular contractual provision are possible, and that
the meaning unfavourable to the proferens should be chosen, if one of those
alternative meanings is an unrealistic or unlikely construction of the
contract. …

76 In our view, when contrasted with how the SC Policy 2012 provided for both
situations (voluntary and involuntary terminations) with respect to
performance level pay advances liability (via Section 8.4 bullet points 7 and
8), it is clear that HP must have intended for Section 8.4 bullet point 1 to
apply to all terminations.

Was there a HR policy that prevails over the SC Policy 2012?

77 The Respondent argued that the alleged HR policy was reflected in two
specific emails to herself and Adeline Soh, another of the Appellant’s sales
employees whose employment was terminated. In these emails, the relevant HR
employees had informed both of them that their respective incentive
compensations would be calculated with reference to pro-rated targets. In
addition, the Judge found that there was another employee, K Sudershan, whose
incentive compensation on termination had been calculated on a pro-rated
basis. Whilst the Respondent’s final incentive compensation was eventually
calculated by reference to full-year targets, Adeline Soh and K Sudershan’s
calculations were left unchanged, resulting in the two being allegedly over-
paid $2,000 and $6,000, respectively. The Appellant had not sought to recover
these sums from Adeline Soh and K Sudershan.

78 Despite what was described in the preceding paragraph, the Judge concluded
that there was insufficient evidence to make a finding that the Appellant’s
policy and practice was to calculate retrenched employees’ final incentive pay
on a pro-rated basis (see the GD at [79]). We agree with the Judge. Apart from
the emails referred to in the previous paragraph, the Respondent adduced no
other evidence to prove this policy existed. In contrast, Anthony stated in
his AEIC that it had always been the Appellant’s practice to adopt an
aggregate basis for both voluntary and involuntary terminations. He testified
that, in fact, of the 12 employees who were retrenched along with the
Respondent, the incentive compensations for ten of them were calculated by
reference to full-year targets. The exceptions were Adeline Soh and K
Sudershan, which Anthony testified were “erroneous”. In so far as the
Respondent was concerned, her incentive compensation calculation was initially
based on pro-rated targets, but that was subsequently rectified by the
Appellant. In our view, this particular contention of the Respondent therefore
fails.

79 We therefore find in favour of the Appellant with respect to Issue 2.

Conclusion

80 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal. We will hear the
parties on costs both here and below (having regard, in particular, to the
observation made above at [49]).

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Gregory Vijayendran, Lester Chua and Pradeep Nair (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the appellant;  
P E Ashokan and Soon Meiyi Geraldine (KhattarWong LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 16 Dec 2021 (20:13 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

