Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 112

Suit No 605 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 3 of 2016)

Between

(1)| Mann Holdings Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chew Ghim Bok  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Ung Yoke Hong

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Forum non conveniens]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mann Holdings Pte Ltd and another

  
v

  

Ung Yoke Hong

[2016] SGHC 112

High Court — Suit No 605 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 3 of 2016)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
1 February 2016

8 June 2016

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Ung Yoke Hong (“the defendant”) applied in Summons No. 4599 of 2015 (“the
application”) for a stay of proceedings on the ground of forum non conveniens
of the claim made against him by Mann Holdings Pte Ltd (“the first plaintiff”)
and Chew Ghim Bok (“the second plaintiff”) in Suit 605 of 2015 (“this Suit”).

2 The application was dismissed with costs by Assistant Registrar Paul Chan
(“the AR”) in December 2015. The defendant appealed against the decision of
the AR in Registrar’s Appeal No. 3 of 2016 (“the Appeal”) which Appeal came on
for hearing before this court. I too dismissed the Appeal with costs. As the
defendant has filed a notice of appeal against my decision (in Civil Appeal No
42 of 2016), I shall now set out the reasons therefor.

The background

3 The first plaintiff is a Singapore investment company. One of the first
plaintiff’s investments is a Singapore company called Enviro Investments Pte
Ltd (“Enviro”). The second plaintiff is a Singaporean and is also an investor
in Enviro. Enviro is a wholly-owned subsidiary of a Singapore listed company
called Enviro-Hub Holdings Ltd (“Enviro-Hub”).

4 The defendant is a Malaysian citizen who holds 50% of the issued shares in a
Malaysian company called Metahub Industries Sdn Bhd (“Metahub”) and is also
its managing-director. Metahub is in the business of recycling, waste
management, tin refining and manufacturing.

5 In or about November 2014, Enviro’s shareholders (including the plaintiffs)
commenced negotiations to buy all the shares in Metahub from its shareholders.
The key persons from Enviro who negotiated with the defendant on its intended
purchase were Raymond Ng Ah Hua (“Raymond”) and Ung Yoke Hooi (known as
“William”) who is the defendant’s brother and a close friend of Raymond.
Besides being a shareholder of Enviro, Raymond is also a substantial
shareholder in Enviro-Hub.

6 Negotiations on behalf of Metahub were conducted by the defendant and one
Kevin Chee (“Chee”), who is another shareholder of the company. The
negotiations between the parties took place between November 2014 and March
2015.

7 It was contemplated that should Enviro acquire Metahub, the first and second
plaintiffs would each own 20% of Metahub’s shares while William would hold 9%
of the shares.

8 The plaintiffs contended that from the outset, they had made it clear to the
defendant and Chee that neither Enviro nor Enviro-Hub was in a position to pay
any deposit or make an advance payment for the proposed acquisition unless
certain conditions precedent were fulfilled by Metahub, including completion
of the due diligence process by the purchasers.

9 The defendant however was adamant from the start of negotiations that either
Enviro or Enviro-Hub must pay a deposit before a due diligence exercise could
be carried out. Consequently, negotiations came to a deadlock and this
continued until December 2014 when the defendant contacted Raymond. The
defendant apparently told Raymond he was facing cash-flow problems and he
needed some short term loans to tide him over. He added that if his problem
could be resolved he would allow Enviro or Enviro-Hub to carry out the due
diligence process on Metahub.

10 In December 2014, Raymond arranged a meeting in Johor between the defendant
and Tan Poh Hua (“Sam Tan”), a director of the first plaintiff and the second
plaintiff, who is a close friend of Raymond. In that meeting and at subsequent
discussions, the defendant confirmed his cash flow problems and the fact that
he needed a loan of RM 5m, which he represented that he would be able to repay
in full after a few months.

11 The two plaintiffs eventually agreed to extend a loan of RM4m (“the loan”)
to the defendant while William would separately extend a loan of RM1m to the
defendant. Raymond instructed solicitors to draft a loan agreement for the
plaintiffs. Sam Tan signed the loan agreement on behalf of the first
plaintiff.

12 The loan agreement was executed on or about 6 January 2015 (“the loan
agreement”) by the plaintiffs and the defendant. Amongst the salient
provisions in the loan agreement are the following: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See exhibit TPH-1 of Sam Tan’s affidavit dated 9 October 2015

(a) Clause 1.2 – the loan was to be repaid in full after two months or upon
completion of the acquisition of shares in Metahub whichever was the earlier;

(b) Clause 1.3 – in the event the acquisition of shares was terminated, the
loan would be repaid in full immediately; and

(c) Clause 2 – the defendant would charge 20% of the shares he held in Metahub
to the plaintiffs as security for the loan.

13 On the same day, the second plaintiff on behalf of himself and the first
plaintiff remitted the loan to the defendant via telegraphic transfer to the
defendant’s Malaysian bank account. The defendant executed transfer forms in
blank to charge 20% of his shares in Metahub to the plaintiffs. The transfer
documents are currently in the custody of the Chief Financial Officer of
Enviro-Hub Ms Tan Lay Mai (“Ms Tan”). Sam Tan subsequently forwarded a copy of
the loan agreement to the defendant by email on 23 January 2015 at the
defendant’s request.

14 According to the plaintiffs (but denied by William) on or about 22 January
2015, William separately remitted RM1m to the defendant.

15 The proposed acquisition of Metahub’s shares was subsequently aborted on or
around 26 March 2015 apparently due to Enviro’s inability to procure the
requisite financing from either Malaysian or Singapore banks. By email dated
27 March 2015, Sam Tan demanded repayment of the loan from the defendant. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

See exhibit UYH-14 of the defendant’s first affidavit

16 The defendant refused to repay, contending that the loan (together with the
RM1m from William) was a non-refundable deposit for the intended acquisition
of shares in Metahub and not a loan. He further ignored the letters of demand
sent to him by the plaintiffs’ and William’s solicitors in April and May 2015
respectively. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See exhibit UYH-15 of the defendant’s first affidavit

Instead, the defendant deposed in his second affidavit that the plaintiffs’
solicitors had no authority from William to send him the second letter of
demand dated 6 May 2015 (for RM1m) and his solicitors had written to the
plaintiffs’ solicitors on or about 16 September 2015 to demand an explanation.
The defendant claimed he had checked with William and was told that William
had not authorised the plaintiffs’ solicitors to act for William.

The application

17 Consequently, the plaintiffs filed the writ of summons and statement of
claim in this Suit on 19 June 2015 claiming repayment of the loan pursuant to
cl 1.3 of the loan agreement (infra [12]) which they alleged the defendant had
breached.

18 On 18 September 2015, the defendant filed the application along with his
supporting affidavit (“the defendant’s first affidavit”). The plaintiffs filed
two affidavits on 9 October 2015 to contest the application, one by Sam Tan
and the other by Ms Tan. In response to the plaintiffs’ affidavits, the
defendant filed a second affidavit on 23 October 2015 (“the defendant’s second
affidavit).

The affidavits filed for the application

19 In the defendant’s first affidavit, he asserted that the loan and William’s
RM1m was a deposit towards the agreed purchase price of RM50m for all the
shares in Metahub (“the share transaction”). In support of his contention, the
defendant proffered a draft sale and purchase agreement (“the draft
agreement”) for the share transaction. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

See exhibit UYH-2 of the defendant’s first affidavit

The defendant relied on cl 3.02(i) therein which stated a deposit of RM4m
followed by a further deposit of RM1m were payable upon the execution and
within 14 days of signing of the document respectively. I note that he
produced another three versions of this draft agreement in his first
affidavit. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

See exhibits UYH-3, UYH-4 and UYH-5 of the defendant’s first affidavit

20 The defendant further claimed in his first affidavit that the loan
agreement was only meant to acknowledge that payment of RM4m had been made to
him and nothing more. The defendant alleged that Raymond had repeatedly
assured him that the loan agreement was not meant to be binding but it was
necessary as the board of Enviro-Hub said that Enviro as the proposed
purchaser could not formally sign any sale agreement until due diligence was
completed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

The defendant’s first affidavit, paras 20-21

Raymond had further assured the defendant that the intended acquisition of
Metahub by Enviro was on track. The defendant alleged he relied on Raymond’s
assurances and was thereby induced to sign the loan agreement.

21 The defendant further contended that he had agreed with the plaintiffs in
principle that the share transaction would be speeded up because of his health
problems (for which he provided no details whatsoever). He deposed that
several meetings took place in Johor between the parties either at Metahub’s
premises or at the office of Maybank Johor (whom Enviro had hoped could fund
the share transaction), with a view to signing the proposed sale agreement by
18 December 2014. He claimed that in a telephone discussion he had with
Raymond on or about 30 December 2014, he had informed the latter that he
required a non-refundable deposit first before he and the other shareholders
of Metahub would agree to conducting a due diligence exercise. He claimed that
Raymond eventually agreed to arrange to pay a deposit of RM5m to the defendant
prior to the due diligence exercise being conducted on Metahub and before the
formal signing of the sale agreement.

22 More than three quarters of the sixty-seven paragraphs in the defendant’s
first affidavit were devoted to dealing with the draft sales agreement, which
was not strictly relevant to the application. In comparison, a mere six
paragraphs in the defendant’s first affidavit was devoted to the grounds for
the application. He deposed that Malaysia is a more appropriate forum than
Singapore for the plaintiffs’ claim for the following reasons:

(a) The plaintiffs and their representatives always travelled to Malaysia to
meet him as he lives and resides in Johor;

(b) He has not visited Singapore for the last ten years or so;

(c) All the documentation relating to the share transaction was intended to be
signed in Malaysia;

(d) The proposed acquisition was of a Malaysian entity and the consideration
was in Malaysian Ringgit;

(e) The RM5m was paid into the defendant’s bank account in Malaysia;

(f) The key witnesses, the staff of Metahub who were interviewed by Sam Tan
after the loan had been extended, are all in Malaysia. These witnesses would
prove that Sam Tan had met them in Malaysia, had informed them that Enviro had
taken over Metahub and that he had sought their confirmation whether they
intended to remain with the company after the change of management.

23 The defendant added that the only factor pointing to Singapore as the forum
was the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the loan agreement in favour of
Singapore courts, which he argued was only one of the factors that a court
takes into consideration in determining whether Singapore or Malaysia is the
more appropriate forum. He added that costs consideration also favoured
Malaysia over Singapore and no prejudice would be suffered by the plaintiffs
if this Suit was stayed in favour of Malaysia where he has all his assets.

24 Not surprisingly, the plaintiffs opposed the application. The affidavits of
Sam Tan and Ms Tan addressed the defendant’s allegations on the nature of the
RM4m that was remitted to the defendant – they asserted it was not a non-
refundable deposit for the share transaction but a loan as documented in the
loan agreement.

25 Sam Tan denied that he had informed the staff of Metahub that Enviro had
already taken over the company; he had only informed the staff that there was
a prospect of Enviro taking over Metahub and in that event, there would be a
change in the higher management.

26 On the merits of the application, Sam Tan deposed that Singapore was a more
appropriate forum than Malaysia for the following reasons:

(a) Clause 10 of the loan agreement provided for the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts;

(b) Clause 10.1 of the loan agreement provided for Singapore law to be the
governing law;

(c) The first plaintiff is a Singapore company while the second plaintiff is a
Singapore citizen;

(d) Raymond, who will be a key witness, is also a Singapore citizen and
resident;

(e) The fact that due diligence was conducted in Malaysia by personnel from
KPMG Transaction & Restructuring Sdn Bhd (“KPMG”) and lawyers from M/s Zain
Megat & Murad (“Zain Megat”) did not mean that those persons needed to
testify. The fact that the due diligence exercise was carried out on behalf of
Enviro was not disputed and the findings were not relevant to the dispute in
this Suit;

(f) The employees of Metahub resident in Malaysia had no involvement in or
knowledge of the loan or the loan agreement. In any event, even if they had to
be called as witnesses by the defendant, he would have no difficulty procuring
their attendance as the defendant is the managing director and major
shareholder of their employer Metahub.

27 As for Ms Tan, the purpose of her affidavit was to correct “the inaccurate
account of the background and facts relating to the dispute and the loan
agreement between the [p]laintiffs and the [d]efendant for the [p]laintiffs to
lend the defendant RM 4 million” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ms Tan’s affidavit, para 4

as given in the defendant’s first affidavit. She deposed that from the outset
and throughout the negotiations, Enviro had consistently conveyed to the
defendant and Chee that neither Enviro nor Enviro-Hub was in a position to
make any advance or deposit payment in respect of the proposed acquisition
until and unless several conditions precedent were met, including completion
of the due diligence process. This was an issue of proper corporate governance
given that Enviro-Hub is a public listed company. The defendant however had
insisted on a deposit payment.

28 Ms Tan repeated the facts in [9] to [13] above. She explained that William
did not see the need to require his brother, the defendant, to execute a
formal loan agreement. Hence, William’s loan of RM1m (“William’s loan”) was
not documented.

29 Ms Tan highlighted that under cl 2.3 of the loan agreement, the defendant
was obliged to and did provide to her two executed but undated share transfer
forms; each form was to transfer 100,000 shares in Metahub to the first and
second plaintiff respectively. The defendant further provided to Ms Tan a
signed waiver of pre-emption rights by two shareholders in Metahub namely, Yee
Kwong Yik and Tan Hwa Yeong. According to the various draft agreements that
were produced in court, these persons each held either one share or 10,000
shares in Metahub.

30 Ms Tan deposed that after the plaintiffs’ remittance of RM4m to the
defendant, they managed to conduct due diligence on Metahub, through the
services of KPMG and Zain Megat. KPMG also participated in Metahub’s stock-
taking exercise in January 2015. Ms Tan also deposed that she together with
Raymond and other representatives of Enviro, made several trips to Johor to
oversee the due diligence exercise, sometimes accompanied by Sam Tan.

31 Unfortunately, Enviro was unable to secure the necessary financing for the
share transaction. Accordingly. Ms Tan informed Chee by email on 6 March 2015
that Enviro needed to review alternative funding structures. In his email
reply of 9 March 2015, Chee seemed to suggest that the loan and William’s loan
constituted a deposit toward the purchase price under the share transaction.
Ms Tan replied on the same day as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The defendant’s first affidavit, page 165

First of all we would like to clarify that the RM5m is currently in form of
loan to Mr Vincent [the defendant] not a deposit payment for the acquisition
(you may refer relevant agreement).

She repeated the above position in her email to the defendant on 26 March 2015
when the share transaction was aborted. Ms Tan added that Raymond had also
informed her that contrary to the defendant’s claim made in [20] above,
Raymond had never told the defendant that the loan agreement was just for
appearance’s sake. She pointed out that the loan agreement had been executed
by the time the loan was made, whereas the draft agreement was not finalised
and was never executed.

32 Ms Tan repeated Sam Tan’s reasons set out earlier in [26] for opposing the
application.

33 Finally, I turn to the defendant’s second affidavit. He denied the version
of events set out in the affidavits of Sam Tan and Ms Tan, repeating his
version and accusing the two of lying and/or of fabricating facts. The
defendant claimed he never intended to and never did, take any loan from the
plaintiffs nor did he require a loan. He produced a statutory declaration from
William 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See the defendant’s second affidavit, exhibit UYH-18

dated 21 October 2015 in which William declared,inter alia, that:

(a) there was no loan from him to the defendant;

(b) he paid Raymond S$200,000 as his contribution towards the deposit for the
acquisition of the defendant’s shares in Metahub;

(c) the loan was part of the non-refundable deposit of RM5m for Enviro’s
acquisition of the defendant’s shares in Metahub;

(d) the loan agreement was merely for acknowledgement according to Raymond’s
assurance to the defendant when the document was signed on 6 January 2015 in
William’s presence;

(e) he did not instruct the plaintiffs’ solicitors to send a letter of demand
to the defendant, let alone to act for him.

In essence, William corroborated the defendant’s version of events and the
circumstances whereby the defendant came to sign the loan agreement, a
document that they both asserted was never meant to be enforceable.

34 In the court below, the AR in dismissing the application had held, inter
alia, that the presence of witnesses in Malaysia for the defendant and in
Singapore for the plaintiffs was an inconclusive factor in considering the
issue of forum non conveniens. Further, as one side’s version of facts was
vastly different from that of the other, it undermined the factors which the
defendant presupposed supported his case that Malaysia was the appropriate
forum. The converse was also true of the plaintiffs’ case that Singapore was
the more appropriate forum.

35 The AR therefore decided the application based on the one undisputed fact,
viz., that the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the loan agreement
provided for Singapore courts to determine any disputes. Hence he dismissed
the application and ordered the defendant to file his defence within 14 days
from the date of the dismissal.

The submissions for the Appeal

36 The defendant’s submissions were essentially a rehash of the contents of
his first affidavit.

37 On the law, his counsel relied on the seminal case of Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1987] 1 AC 460 (“The Spiliada”) as well as on
local decisions that applied the two stage test propounded by the House of
Lords in The Spiliada to determine forum non conveniens. In particular,
counsel for the defendant relied on CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 543, Orchard Capital v Ravindra Kumar Jhunjhunwala [2012] 2
SLR 519 (“Orchard Capital”), JIO Minerals FZC v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011]
1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”) and Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung [2010] 1
SLR 1192.

38 On his part, counsel for the plaintiffs relied not only on The Spiliada and
the other cases cited by his opponent but also on UBS AG v Telesto Investments
Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 503 and Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicholai Baron von Uexkull
[2007] 1 SLR (R) 377 (“Rickshaw Investments Ltd”).

The decision

39 The two stage test in The Spiliada which has been consistently applied by
our courts (see CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd (infra [37]) can be
summarised as follows:

(a) The defendant bears the initial burden to show that there is some other
available and more appropriate forum (in this case, Malaysia) than Singapore.
It is not sufficient for the defendant to show there is another available
forum. He has to prove that the alternative available forum is clearly or
distinctly more appropriate than Singapore;

(b) Once the defendant has discharged the burden to prove there is another and
more appropriate forum than Singapore, the burden shifts to the plaintiffs to
show exceptional circumstances why a stay of proceedings in Singapore should
nonetheless be refused.

40 It would be appropriate at this juncture to look at cl 10 in the loan
agreement which the plaintiff relied on as favouring Singapore as the forum.
It states: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Sam Tan’s affidavit, page 11

Governing law and jurisdiction

10.1 – This loan agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of Singapore

10.2 – The courts in Singapore shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any
dispute arising from this loan agreement.

41 The defendant had instead relied on cl 10.03 in the draft agreement of
which four versions were produced by him in his affidavits (see [19] above):

This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the States of Malaya and the parties hereto (i) irrevocably submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdictions of the Courts of the States of Malaya (ii) waive
any objection on the ground of venue or forum non conveniens or any similar
grounds and (iii) consent to service of process by mail or in any other manner
permitted by the relevant law.

42 His counsel pointed to Orchard Capital as one case where our appellate
court refused to enforce a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause (in favour of
Hong Kong) and urged the court to do the same here.

43 The defendant’s submissions ignored the fact that he was requesting the
court to give effect to an exclusive jurisdiction clause in a draft agreement
of which various versions were produced without evidence of which one was
meant to be the final or engrossed version, and to ignore a jurisdiction
clause in an executed loan agreement that provided for Singapore law to apply.
When the court inquired of his counsel whether the defendant could sue for
specific performance of the unsigned draft agreement, his surprising answer
was in the affirmative.

44 The defendant’s case also required the court to believe that a Singapore
listed company viz Enviro-Hub and/or its wholly owned subsidiary Enviro would
pay a non-refundable deposit of RM4m to carry out a due diligence exercise on
a company (Metahub) which they may or may not acquire and for which no
purchase and sale agreement had been executed. This would mean that the two
companies had disregarded the interests of their shareholders as well as all
rules of good corporate governance. The defendant’s version of events also
ignored the fact that that the plaintiffs here are neither Enviro nor Enviro-
Hub.

45 It would be appropriate at this juncture to turn to consider some of the
cases cited by the parties other than The Spiliada. I start with Orchid
Capital referred to at [37] where the Singapore courts did not uphold the
jurisdiction clause. There, the Court of Appeal reversed the decision of the
High Court in granting a stay of proceedings, based on a non-exclusive
jurisdiction clause that pointed to Hong Kong as the forum in a settlement
agreement made between the parties. The respondent/defendant was a resident of
Singapore. In allowing the appellant/plaintiff’s appeal and lifting the stay
of its Singapore proceedings against the defendant, the Court of Appeal held
(at [35]) that the respondent/defendant had failed to discharge the burden
under stage one of The Spiliada to prove that Hong Kong was clearly or
distinctly the more appropriate forum for the hearing of the dispute between
himself and the appellant/plaintiff, notwithstanding that he resided in
Singapore.

46 In fact, the decision in Orchard Capital supports this court’s decision
that a stay should not be granted merely because the defendant resides in
Malaysia. After all, the first and second plaintiffs are a Singapore company
and a Singapore resident respectively. The defendant’s position in [22] is
therefore counterbalanced by the plaintiffs’ submission in [26(c) and (d)].

47 I turn next to the issue of witnesses. If the court accepts the plaintiff’s
position that the claim had nothing to do with the sale transaction, then the
employees of Metahub were not necessary witnesses in any event. If indeed they
were required to testify in a Singapore court, case-law states that the issue
of compellability does not arise in relation to employees. Assuming arguendo
that the defendant’s position is correct, then a very material witness for him
would be his brother William.

48 In this regard it is noteworthy that William had furnished a statutory
declaration to the defendant (see [33]) corroborating the defendant’s version
of events. Equally noteworthy is the fact that William did not require any
receipt and/or documentary evidence of his loan of RM1m to the defendant
(according to the plaintiffs) or of his payment of $200,000 to Raymond as his
contribution to purchase the defendant’s shares in Metahub (according to
William). Further, why did William not file an affidavit on the defendant’s
behalf instead of making a statutory declaration? It is also strange that
William denied making a loan to the defendant when the defendant admitted to
receiving RM5m in total as a non-refundable deposit while the plaintiffs’
claim is only for RM4m. Where did the extra RM1m remitted to the defendant
come from?

49 The non-compellability of William as a witness in Singapore if the case is
not stayed cannot be viewed independently without regard to his relationship
to the defendant (as his counsel sought to persuade the court to do). It was
absurd to treat William as an independent non-party witness and I declined to
do so. As he did not file any affidavit, there was nothing on record to
indicate William’s unwillingness to testify in a Singapore court on the
defendant’s behalf as the defendant claimed.

50 The plaintiffs had relied on Exxon Mobil Asia Pacific Pte ltd v Bombay
Dyeing & Manufacturing Co Ltd [2007] SGHC 137 for their argument that it was
not enough for the defendant to merely depose on affidavit, without more, that
William and his proposed witnesses would not cooperate if the trial was held
in Singapore; there must be some proof.

51 The defendant on the other hand relied on JIO Minerals to argue that the
court should consider the legal compellability of William as a witness in
Singapore and not his personal relationship with the defendant. It would be
instructive to look at that case at this juncture.

52 In JIO Minerals, the plaintiff was an Indian company that sued the
defendants/appellants in Singapore on an investment agreement relating to iron
ore mining concessions in Indonesia. The plaintiff had paid the purchase price
for shares in the first defendant into the Singapore bank accounts of the
second and third defendants. The first defendant was incorporated in the
United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) while the second and third defendants, who were
the first defendant’s licensees, were resident in Indonesia. The investment
agreement did not have an express governing law clause although a related
exclusive mining agreement was governed by the laws of the UAE. The High Court
had reversed an Assistant Registrar’s order granting a stay on the ground of
forum non conveniens against which decision the defendants appealed.

53 The Court of Appeal allowed the defendants’ appeal holding, inter alia,
that Indonesia was the place where all the parties had some connection that
was relevant to the dispute and was therefore a distinctly more appropriate
forum than Singapore. On the issue of witnesses, the appellate court held:

(a) In determining the availability of non-party witnesses, two factors should
be analysed separately: (i) the convenience in having the case decided in the
forum where the witnesses were ordinarily resident (the Witness Convenience
Factor); and (ii) the compellability of those witnesses (the Witness
Compellability Factor);

(b) In analysing the Witness Convenience Factor, the court should not
predetermine the witnesses that the parties should call. It was sufficient for
a defendant to show that evidence from foreign witnesses was at least arguably
relevant;

(c) In relation to the Witness Compellability Factor, it would have been
preferable to have had evidence on whether the Indonesian witnesses were
compellable to testify in an Indonesian court.

54 The appellate court went on to add (at [70]):

As for the second consideration (ie Witness Compellability Factor) we note
that this court in Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung [2010] 1 SLR 1192 held
(at [35]) that the availability of witnesses should not be a significant
factor if the witnesses are from Malaysia because of the proximity of
Singapore to Malaysia. This consideration applies with equal force to
Indonesia which (as the Respondent has argued) is also relatively near to
Singapore.

55 The appellate court took the view that the fact that the Investment Funds
were paid into Singapore bank accounts was not relevant in stage one of the
Spiliada test because those connections were not relevant to the claims the
plaintiffs had framed. Similarly, the fact that the RM 4m for the loan was
paid into the defendant’s Malaysian bank account is not a relevant
consideration.

56 The issue of witness compellability was also considered by the Court of
Appeal in an earlier case on forum non conveniens namely Rickshaw Investments
Ltd.  There the issue was whether the Singapore suit commenced by the
plaintiffs should be stayed in favour of concurrent proceedings in Germany
commenced by the defendant. The court had this to say at [25]:

With respect, we disagree with the judge [who had held that the location of
witnesses was not an important factor], as we find that the location of the
key witnesses is an important factor to be considered, and the fact that key
witnesses are located in Singapore is a factor that points towards Singapore
being the most natural forum to hear the substantive disputes. The assessment
of the respective witnesses’ credibility is also crucial – especially in so
far as the claim for fraudulent misrepresentation or deceit is concerned.
Indeed, in so far as the claims for breach of fiduciary duty and breach of
confidence are concerned, the principal witnesses (as we have already noted in
[23] above) are located in Singapore. It is significant, in our view that they
are clearly compellable to testify in the Singapore proceedings, whereas this
is not the case in so far as the German proceedings are concerned.

Here, both plaintiffs are based in Singapore and so too are their witnesses
Sam Tan, Raymond and Ms Tan. I find that they are important witnesses. As
observed earlier, the defendant’s witnesses who are based in Malaysia are not
essential or crucial witnesses to the case. Taken together with this court’s
earlier observations (at [43]) on the non- enforceability of an exclusive
jurisdiction clause in the unsigned sale agreement as opposed to the
enforceability of a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in the signed loan
agreement which was the subject matter of the plaintiffs’ claim, the issue of
compellability of witnesses weighed in favour of Singapore as a more
appropriate forum than Malaysia.

Conclusion

57 Consequently, I shared the view of the AR that the defendant had failed to
discharge the burden of proof under the first stage of The Spiliada test.
Hence, I dismissed the Appeal.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Joseph Tay Weiwen and Tan Aik Thong (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Mulani Prakash, Yang Yaxin Kimberly and Tanya Thomas Vadaketh

(M & A Law Corporation) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

