Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 262

Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 51 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 325 of 2016)

In the matter of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20)

And

In the matter of Statutory Demand dated 22 June 2016 and issued under Section
62 of the Bankruptcy Act  

Between

Ong Swee Huat

… Appellant

And

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited

… Respondent

Judgment

[Insolvency law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Swee Huat

  
v

  

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd

[2016] SGHC 262

High Court —Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 51 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 325 of 2016)  
  
Choo Han Teck J  
3 October, 7 November 2016

30 November 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the appellant Ong Swee Huat (“the Appellant”) against
the order of Assistant Registrar Karen Tan (“the AR”) on 30 August 2016
dismissing the appellant’s application to set aside the statutory demand
served on him by the respondent bank, the Australia and New Zealand Banking
Group Limited (“ANZ”). The statutory demand was for payment of a debt of
$28,678.74 that the appellant incurred using ANZ’s credit facilities.

2 It is undisputed that the Appellant applied for a credit line facility with
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (“ABN AMRO”) in 2001. ABN AMRO was subsequently acquired by
the Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. (“RBS”) and the Appellant’s account in ABN
AMRO was transferred to RBS accordingly. On 15 May 2010, the Appellant’s
account was transferred to ANZ due to a Scheme of Arrangement.

3 According to ANZ, the Appellant defaulted in his payments and a letter of
demand was issued and sent to the Appellant’s address on 16 December 2015. As
the Appellant did not respond or make payment, ANZ then issued a statutory
demand against the Appellant on 22 June 2016. The statutory demand was
personally served on the Appellant at his address on the same day. The
Appellant then filed and served the present action to which this Registrar’s
Appeal arises from on 4 July 2016 to set aside the statutory demand. Before
the AR, the Appellant argued that there was no contract between himself and
ANZ and asked to inspect the original contract between himself and ABN AMRO.
In response, Ms Thng Hwei-Lin (“Ms Thng”), counsel for ANZ, referred the court
to a copy of the application form signed by the Appellant with ABN AMRO as
well as certain monthly statements that had been sent to the Appellant to show
that the credit line had been granted to him and that he had used the credit
line. The AR dismissed the Appellant’s application on the basis that she “was
satisfied that there is evidence that the [credit line] was extended” and
fixed costs at $1,000 (all in) in favour of ANZ. Dissatisfied with the
decision of the AR, the Appellant filed the present appeal no 13 September
2016.

4 On appeal, the Appellant maintains his position that there is no contract
between himself and ANZ or RBS. In response, Ms Thng submits that the evidence
shows that the Appellant continued to use the credit facility even after his
account was transferred to RBS and as such, cannot deny that there is a
contract between him and ANZ. To establish this, Ms Thng refers to monthly
statements from RBS and ANZ that had been sent to the Appellant.

5 Having perused the various affidavits and the exhibits, I find that the
Appellant’s case is without merit. The bank statements clearly show that the
Appellant had continued to draw on the credit facility after his account was
transferred to RBS in 2010. The Appellant had also made payments to RBS and
ANZ on various occasions. The details of the bank statements are as follows:

(a) On 14 April 2010, the Appellant withdrew $2,000 using the RBS credit
facility;

(b) On 21 April 2010, the Appellant withdrew $1,000 twice using the RBS credit
facility;

(c) On 4 May 2010, the Appellant withdrew $500 using the RBS credit facility;

(d) On 4 May 2010, the Appellant made payment of $1,000 through GIRO-DBS
Internet Banking to RBS;

(e) On 21 May 2010, the Appellant wrote a cheque of $2,650 using the RBS
credit facility;

(f) On 2 June 2010, the Appellant made payment of $1,000 through GIRO-DBS
Internet Banking to RBS;

(g) On 11 June 2010, the Appellant wrote a cheque of $1,206 using the credit
facility;

(h) On 29 June 2010, the Appellant withdrew $1,000 using the RBS credit
facility;

(i) On 2 June 2010, the Appellant made payment of $1,000 through GIRO-DBS
Internet Banking to RBS; and

(j) Even after his account was transferred to ANZ, the bank statements show
that the Appellant had made a deposit of $860 for the payment of fees and
charges on 12 May 2016.

6 The Appellant’s response to the bank statements is two-fold. First, he
claims that the bank statements are “not certified nor verified”. Secondly, he
claims that the payment made to ANZ Bank on 12 May 2016 as well as other
payments (not exhibited in the affidavits) were made “by mistake”. In my view,
these are bare assertions that are unsupported by the evidence.

7 Accordingly, I find the appeal to be utterly without merits and dismiss it
with costs to be taxed on an indemnity basis.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Appellant in-person;  
Thng Hwei-Lin and Daphne Lai (Yeo-Leong & Peh LLC) for respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

