Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 84

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9136 of 2015

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Wong Wee Keong  
---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9137 of 2015

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Kong Hoo Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Endangered Species Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Trials]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Wong Wee Keong and another appeal

[2016] SGHC 84

High Court — Magistrates’ Appeals Nos 9136 and 9137 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
12, 19 February 2016

5 May 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 Timber of the botanical genus Dalbergia – specifically, that from certain
species found in Madagascar and commonly known as Madagascan rosewood or, in
French, Bois de rose – has a rare and alluring beauty. Its heartwood possesses
a deep and rich claret hue, making it highly prized by furniture makers the
world over. It is also, for that reason, a prime candidate for illegal
logging. For its protection, Madagascan rosewood is listed in Appendix II of
the Schedule to the Endangered Species (Import and Export) Act (Cap 92A, 2008
Rev Ed) (“ESA”) and Appendix II to the Convention on International Trade in
Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Flora (3 March 1973) 993 UNTS 243
(entered into force 1 July 1975) (“CITES”).

2 On 28 February 2014, a consignment of 29,434 Madagascan rosewood logs,
weighing approximately 3,235 metric tonnes and with an estimated market value
in excess of US$50m, entered Singapore waters on board the MV Oriental Pride.
I will refer to the MV Oriental Pride as “the vessel” and to its cargo of logs
(either the whole consignment or a part of it) as “the rosewood logs” or
simply “the Rosewood”. The cargo manifest stated that the cargo consisted of
“Bois” – French for wood. In the bills of lading, it was stated that the port
of discharge was Singapore and that the consignee was “Kong Hoo Private
Limited” (“Kong Hoo”). On 11 March 2014, the vessel berthed at the Free Trade
Zone of Jurong Port (the “Jurong FTZ”). Between 12 and 14 March 2014, 6,164
logs were offloaded and moved to a different area of the Jurong FTZ. On 14
March 2014, officers from the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore
(“AVA”) boarded the vessel and seized the rosewood logs in the hold as well as
those which had been offloaded. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts (“ASOF”) at paras 12–13 (Record of Proceedings
(“ROP”), p 333); AVA Inspection Report (ROP, pp 356–364); Bills of lading
(ROP, pp 356–366).

3 Subsequently, Kong Hoo was charged with importing a scheduled species
without the requisite permit, an offence under s 4(1) of the ESA. Its
director, Wong Wee Keong (“Wong”), was charged under s 4(1) of the ESA read
with s 20(1)(a) of the same on the basis that Kong Hoo’s offence had been
committed with his consent and connivance. Wong and Kong Hoo were jointly
tried before the District Judge and were subsequently the respondents in
Magistrate’s Appeals No 9136 and 9137 of 2015 respectively (I shall refer to
them jointly as “the respondents”). At the close of the prosecution’s case,
the respondents invited the court to dismiss the matter on the ground that
there was no case to answer. The District Judge agreed with the respondents
and acquitted the respondents of the charges. The prosecution appealed to this
court. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 11–15.

4 As this matter concerned novel issues of statutory interpretation,
particularly the manner in which the ESA was to be interpreted in the light of
Singapore’s obligations under CITES, Mr Kelvin Koh Li Qun was appointed as
amicus curiae to assist this court. From the outset, I should record my
appreciation to Mr Koh, Mr Kwek Mean Luck, who appeared on behalf of the
prosecution, and Mr Muralidharan Pillai, who appeared on behalf of the
respondents, for the assistance and guidance they provided through their
detailed and helpful submissions. They put forward a wide conspectus of
material and while not all of it has been cited in this judgment, I examined
it carefully in the course of reaching my decision.

5 After considering the submissions of the parties, I concluded that the
District Judge had erred in finding that there was no case to answer. I
therefore allowed the appeal, set aside the order of acquittal, and ordered
that the matter be remitted to the trial court for the defence to be called. I
now set out the grounds for my decision.

Background

6 CITES is a multilateral treaty which aims to regulate the international
trade in wildlife to ensure that the trade does not threaten their survival in
the wild. Species are listed in the appendices to CITES according to the
extent of protection they require. Species listed in Appendix II of CITES are
classified as those which may be threatened with extinction unless trade in
specimens of such species is subject to regulation to avoid utilisation which
is incompatible with their survival (see Art II(1) of CITES). CITES provides a
broad framework for the regulation of the trade through a system of permits
and certificates, but it leaves the implementation of this to each member
state. Each country must designate an agency – known as the “Management
Authority” – to administer the grant of CITES permits (Art I(g) of CITES).
Madagascar and Singapore are both member states to CITES. The Management
Authority in Madagascar is the Ministry of Environment and Forests
(“Madagascan Forestry Ministry”) while the Management Authority in Singapore
is the AVA. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP, p 66, lines 9–12 (cross-examination of Ms Lye Fong Keng); Factsheet on
CITES and its Implementation in Singapore prepared by Ms Lye Fong
Keng,(“Factsheet on CITES”) at para 5 (ROP, p 310).

7 Singapore passed the ESA in 1989 to give effect to its obligations under
CITES. The species listed in the Schedule to the ESA are known as “scheduled
species” and they mirror those which are listed in the appendices to CITES.
Under s 4(1) of the ESA, it is an offence to import or export any scheduled
species without a permit from the Director-General, Agri-Food and Veterinary
Services (“Director-General”). It is a separate offence to bring a scheduled
species into Singapore for the purposes of transit without the requisite
written permission having first been obtained by the country of export and,
where necessary, from the country of import or final destination (s 5(1)). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Factsheet on CITES at paras 1, 5 and 6 (ROP, pp 309 and 310).

The original charges which were preferred against the respondents were framed
under s 5(1) ESA, but they had been amended to s 4(1) charges involving import
of the Rosewood by the time of the trial. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 6(d).

8 Madagascan rosewood was first listed in Appendix II to CITES in March 2013.
On 4 September 2013, the Secretariat to CITES issued a notification to all
member states to inform them that the Government of Madagascar had imposed a
zero export quota on Madagascan rosewood from 13 August 2013 to 13 February
2014. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP, p 563 at paras 2 and 4.

On 26 February 2014, another notification was sent to the member states to
inform them that the Government of Madagascar had extended the zero export
quota until 14 April 2014. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP, p 564 at para 4.

I pause here to note that one of the disputes which arose at the trial was
whether there was any “break” in the zero export quota between 13 February
2014 (the expiry period stated in the 4 September 2013 notification) and 26
February 2014 (when the second notification was sent out). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 100; respondents’ submissions at paras 97–99.

I will return to this subject later but it suffices to note for the present
that it is undisputed that Madagascan rosewood has been listed in the appendix
to CITES since 2013 and that it remained so at the time of the trial.

The prosecution’s case

9 The trial was heard over two days and the prosecution called a total of ten
witnesses. Much of the evidence was led through the use of conditioned
statements, which attests to the undisputed nature of most of what was
presented. The disputes which did exist centred on the appropriate
interpretation of the evidence. I will only summarise that which is germane to
my decision.

The circumstances that led to the seizure

10 The first witness to take the stand was Deputy Superintendent Roy Tan of
Singapore Customs (“DSP Roy”). He testified that on 19 February 2014,
Singapore Customs received information from the Regional Intelligence Liaison
Office Asia Pacific (“RILO AP”) of the World Customs Organisation that there
was a “strong suspicion” that the vessel, which was bound for Singapore, might
be carrying an illegal shipment of Madagascan rosewood. On 27 February 2014,
Singapore Customs relayed this information to the AVA which requested further
details. Pursuant to this, Singapore Customs wrote to RILO AP on the same day
to request information on the container numbers in which the wood was stored
or the identity of any Singaporean company involved. RILO AP wrote back the
same day to state that they did not have the requested information. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DSP Roy’s conditioned statement at paras 2–5 (ROP, p 301); P9 (ROP, p 377).

11 Meanwhile, Singapore Customs continued to monitor the location of the
vessel and it noted that, on 11 March 2014, the vessel berthed at the Jurong
FTZ. Singapore Customs proceeded to obtain information on the vessel’s
schedule and its cargo manifests from an online portal maintained by Jurong
Port. In the cargo manifests, it was stated that the consignee was one “Jaguar
Express Logistics Pte Ltd” (“Jaguar Express”) and that the port of discharge
was Singapore. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P6, P7 (ROP, pp 368 and 369).

This information was shared with the AVA on the same day. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP, p 27, line 24 to ROP, p 28, line 5 (examination-in-chief of DSP Roy).

On the morning of 14 March 2014, the AVA wrote twice to Singapore Customs
asking, first, for clarification whether “the wood would be imported into
Singapore or [whether it was] … meant to be a transhipment”; and, second, for
the assistance of Singapore Customs to “target and detain (whether import or
transhipment) for our investigations.” DSP Roy replied to state that his
colleagues from the Risk Assessment Branch of Singapore Customs would follow
up with the AVA regarding its request. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

P9 (ROP, p 370).

12 During cross-examination, DSP Roy explained that what he meant was that his
colleagues from the Risk Assessment Branch would assist the AVA with the
detention of the shipment. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP, p 51, lines 13–21.

However, he testified that he did not follow up on the AVA’s request for
clarification concerning the purpose for which the wood was brought to
Singapore. He explained that as far as he was aware, this was a matter that
fell to be determined by reference to the bills of lading. He explained that
if the name of a local consignee were listed in the bill of lading, then the
matter would be “taken as an import and not a trans-shipment case.” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP, p 56, lines 2–16.

13 When cross-examined, he confirmed that Singapore Customs had enforcement
powers over goods stored in a free trade zone. When his attention was drawn to
s 3(2) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Customs Act”), which
states that “[f]or the purposes of [the Customs Act], goods shall be deemed to
be under customs control while they are deposited or held in any free trade
zone”, he accepted that goods in a free trade zone were under the control of
Singapore Customs. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP, p 38, lines 17–24; ROP, p 40, line 17 to p 41, line 2.

Seizure and investigations

14 The next witness to take the stand was Ms Lye Fong Keng (“Ms Lye”), a
deputy director in the Import & Export Regulation Department of the AVA. Her
testimony was consistent with the account given by DSP Roy – ie, that the AVA
was only informed that there might be an illegal shipment of Madagascan
rosewood on 27 February 2014 when Singapore Customs forwarded the information
provided by RILO AP and that the AVA decided to board the vessel on 14 March
2014. She further testified that when officers from the AVA boarded the vessel
on 14 March 2014, they shared with her their observations from a cursory
visual examination of the exposed heartwood of the exposed logs and also sent
her images of the logs. From her colleagues’ descriptions and the images she
had been given, she formed the view that the logs were Madagascan rosewood. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP, p 61, lines 4–12; Ms Lye’s conditioned statement at paras 4, 6 (ROP, p
307).

Ms Lye further explained that she also accessed the AVA’s online licensing
system to ascertain if any CITES import permits issued by the AVA in respect
of Madagascan rosewood and found that there were none. She then directed her
colleagues to seize the shipment for further investigations on suspicion that
scheduled species had been imported without a permit in contravention of s
4(1) of the ESA. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP, p 60, line 21 to p 61, line 3; Ms Lye’s conditioned statement at paras 5
and 6 (ROP, p 307).

15 During cross-examination, Ms Lye explained there were four factors which
led her to suspect that an offence under s 4(1) of the ESA had been committed:
(a) first, the tip-off had originated from a credible source, RILO AP; (b)
second, the shipment appeared to be unusually large; (c) third, it was evident
that there was no valid CITES export permit for the shipment as Madagascar had
imposed a zero export quota on Madagascan rosewood since August 2013; 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

See also Ms Lye’s conditioned statement at para 9 (ROP, p 308).

and (d) fourth, there was no application on record for a CITES import permit
from the AVA. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP, p 129, line 24 to p 130, line 9; ROP, p 134, line 15 to p 135, line 4.

This gave rise to a series of questions which culminated in a suggestion by Mr
Pillai that the offence contemplated by Ms Lye must have been one under s 5(1)
of the ESA – a transit offence – instead of one under s 4(1) – an importation
offence. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP, p 131 at line 3 to p 132 at line 15.

Mr Pillai went on to pursue the issue at greater length. Given the prominent
role of this line of questioning, and the significance of the answers which
emerged therefrom, I will summarise the exchange in some detail.

The regulatory regime

16 The thrust of Mr Pillai’s questioning was that the absence of a CITES
export permit could only be indicative of an offence under s 5(1) of the ESA,
as that provision made specific reference to the necessity that a CITES export
permit be obtained even if the goods were in transit. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP, p 135, lines 6–18; ROP, p 128, lines 8–13.

By contrast, s 4(1) of the ESA makes no reference to the need for a valid
CITES export permit, since liability would accrue so long as goods were
imported into Singapore without a valid CITES import permit issued by the
Director-General. Ms Lye disagreed and explained that the absence of a CITES
export permit was probative of the commission of both offences. She did so by
explaining that irrespective of whether one was dealing with an import
scenario or a transit scenario, a CITES export permit would still be involved.

17 Where the intention was to import a scheduled species, the usual
requirement would be that the foreign CITES export permit would have to be
surrendered to the AVA in exchange for a CITES import permit. She described
this as a “back-to-back” process. She also explained that where the consignee
listed was a local company, the matter would be treated as an import case. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP, p 167, line 24 to p 168, line 23; ROP, p 171, lines 5–12; ROP, p 169,
lines 19–21.

By contrast, where the intention was merely to bring the goods into Singapore
for the purpose of transit, no permit need be applied for from the AVA.
However, the company handling the transhipment would have to submit a
“TradeNet” declaration in respect of the goods (an online customs declaration
website) and attach a copy of the CITES export permit (which would indicate
the ultimate destination of the goods) for verification. Ms Lye also testified
that in situations where goods were to spend some time in transit in a third
country, the consignee listed in the CITES export permit would be the company
in the destination country, rather than the company handling the transfer in
the country of transit. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP, p 169, lines 13–24; ROP, p 170, lines 20–23.

18 This was consistent with the testimony of Ms Ong Ai Khim, a Senior
Executive Manager with the AVA who deposed to the following two matters in her
conditioned statement. First, she explained that a CITES import permit would
be required for the shipment since the shipment had been consigned by a local
company. Second, she explained that in order to obtain a CITES import permit
from the AVA, an applicant would first have had to submit a CITES export
permit from the country of origin. She explained that this application would
have to be made before entry into Singapore waters. She also deposed to the
fact that AVA had not received any application for a CITES import permit in
respect of this shipment. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ms Ong Ai Khim’s conditioned statement at paras 4–6 (ROP, p 314).

Investigation into authenticity of export documents

19 Another substantial area of cross-examination concerned a set of nine
documents which were marked collectively as D5. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP, pp 566–581.

These comprised the two bills of lading and documentation issued by various
public authorities in Madagascar relating to the export of forest products
from Madagascar. Two of these documents were certificates of origin in respect
of 30,157 pieces of wood in which one “Zakaria Solihi” was listed as the
exporter and Kong Hoo was listed as the consignee. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP, pp 574 and 580.

The two certificates were dated 17 February 2014 and 18 February 2014
respectively. These were significant dates for they fell within the “break” in
Madagascar’s zero export quota in respect of Madagascan rosewood which, on the
respondents’ case, extended between 13 February 2014 and 26 February 2014 (see
[8] above). Ms Lye explained that the documents comprising D5 were given to
the AVA by Wong between 14 March 2014 and 19 March 2014 during the course of
investigations. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP, p 160, lines 2–10.

She explained that when she received these documents she had doubts as to
their authenticity for two reasons. First, in the light of the zero export
quota, it was unlikely that export permission would have been granted by the
Madagascan authorities. Second, she noted that the documents did not conform
to the requirements set out in CITES. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP, p 164, lines 20–25.

Thus, the AVA took steps to verify their authenticity.

20 On 17 March 2014, Wong also provided Mr Raghbir Singh, an investigator with
the AVA, with the email address of the Madagascan Forestry Ministry in order
that the latter might verify the authenticity of the documents. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D6 (ROP, p 582).

On or about 19 March 2014, Ms Lye wrote to the Madagascan Forestry Ministry to
seek clarification on the authenticity of the documents. She received a reply
from one Mr Jean Claude, who bore the title of Director-General in the
Ministry, that the documents in D5 were not authentic. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP, p 91, line 25 to p 93, line 13.

21 Separately, Wong wrote to one Ms Sabine Dorothee on 24 March 2014 to
explain the situation and to seek clarification that the export documents
contained in D5 were authentic. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

D10 (ROP, pp 586 and 587).

On 28 March 2014, Ms Lye received an unsigned email in which it was stated
that “Mr. ZAKARIA Solihi has been exceptionally allowed to export these
marchandises [sic] under the bill of lading” and that the “export of such good
has been officially authorised by the component [sic] of Madagascar”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

D11 (ROP, p 588).

Faced with conflicting information, Ms Lye then wrote to the Ms Pia Jonsson of
the CITES Secretariat in Geneva on the same day to seek her assistance. Ms
Jonsson replied on 4 November 2014 to say that investigations were still going
on. During cross-examination, Ms Lye explained that the Madagascan authorities
had informed the CITES Secretariat that their email account had been hacked
into and so the “investigations” referred to in Ms Jonsson’s letter related to
investigations into both the authenticity of D5 as well as the alleged hacking
incident. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP, p 100, line 19 to p 101, line 23.

22 Between 3 and 4 December 2014, a delegation from Madagascar visited
Singapore. On 9 January 2015, Mr Ramaparany Ramanana of the Madagascan
Forestry Ministry wrote to Ms Lye, referencing the visit by the Madagascan
delegation and stating, in the penultimate line, “I confirm that the documents
were established in due form by the signatories authorities during the period
of transition. I therefore confirm the authenticity of these documents.” Ms
Lye accepted that the “documents” referred to were D5 and that the
“transition” referred to was the period of transition between governments in
Madagascar. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP, p 111, line 18 to p 113, line 12.

On 20 January 2015, the same information was relayed to Mr Foo Cheow Ming, the
previous solicitors for the respondents, and a copy of the letter sent by Mr
Ramanana was enclosed. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

D14 (ROP, p 593).

Shipping arrangements

23 The next two witnesses whose evidence was critical to this case testified
to the circumstances under which the Rosewood came to be brought to Singapore
and what was done to it after it had arrived. Mr Alan Tan (“Mr Tan”) was the
management director of Jaguar Express, which was in the business of providing
transportation, haulier, and warehousing services. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP, p 184 lines 1–3; 20–25 (examination-in-chief of Mr Tan).

He explained that Jaguar Express had been engaged by Wong to unload the
shipment of wood from the vessel, repack them into containers and truck them
to another port, which was managed by the Port of Singapore Authority. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP, p 185, lines 7–14; p 186, line 23 to p 187, line 1.

He testified that Wong had informed them that the wood was to be shipped to
Hong Kong. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROP, p 191, lines 16–19.

To that end, he had provided Kong Hoo with two quotations, both of which were
entered into evidence. D17 was a quotation for ocean freight charges for
Singapore to Hong Kong. D18 was a quotation for the cost of transhipment
services and it listed the prices of, inter alia, stuffing and handling
charges that would be incurred. Both of these quotations were signed by Wong
on behalf of Kong Hoo and marked “Confirmed & Accepted”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

D17 (ROP, pp 647 and 648); D18 (ROP, pp 649 and 650).

Mr Tan elaborated that he had assisted Kong Hoo by making a “tentative
booking” on a container vessel bound for Hong Kong on 13 March 2014. This
booking, he explained, was to be the first of several for it was contemplated
that the wood would be shipped in several batches on different vessels. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP, p 192, line 17 to p 193, line 23.

24 Mr Ernest Wee (“Mr Wee”) was the managing director of AMMShips Pte Ltd,
which provided ship operation and management services. He explained that
AMMShips had been engaged by Kong Hoo to convey the cargo from Madagascar to
Singapore and that its role would end after the logs had been discharged. He
testified that the vessel had sailed to Toamasina in Madagascar where the wood
was loaded on board the vessel and that it left on 12 February 2014 for
Singapore, arriving on 28 February 2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Mr Wee’s conditioned statement at paras 2–5 (ROP, p 325); ROP, p 250, lines
5–13 (examination-in-chief of Mr Wee).

He explained that he learnt from his interactions with Jaguar Express that the
cargo was to be containerised and shipped out of Singapore but he clarified
that this was second-hand reportage because he was not involved in the process
at all. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROP, p 254, lines 2–18.

The District Judge’s decision

25 After receiving detailed submissions from the parties and reserving the
matter to consider it more carefully, the District Judge eventually granted a
discharge amounting to an acquittal, holding that the prosecution had failed
to make out a case against the respondents. The grounds of her decision are
reported at Public Prosecutor v Wong Wee Keong and another [2015] SGDC 300.
The District Judge noted that the crux of the dispute was whether there had
been an “import” of the rosewood logs within the meaning of s 4(1) of the ESA.
She noted that under the ESA any scheduled species which are deemed to be in
transit cannot be considered as having been imported and vice versa (at [44]).
With that in mind, she turned to s 2(2) of the ESA, which defines the
scenarios in which goods may be deemed to be in transit.

26 Section 2(2) of the ESA provides that a scheduled species would only be
considered to be in transit in three scenarios. However, she only focused on
the third, which was provided for in s 2(2)(c) of the ESA (at [55]). In order
for a scheduled species to be in transit within the meaning of s 2(2)(c) of
the ESA, two things have to be shown: (a) first, that the scheduled species
was “brought into Singapore solely for the purpose of taking it out of
Singapore” and (b) second, that the scheduled species was, for the entire
period of time it was removed from the conveyance in which it was originally
brought, “kept under the control of the Director-General or an authorised
officer for a period not exceeding 14 days … pending despatch to a place
outside Singapore.” Against that background, she held that the Prosecution had
to lead some evidence on both these points in order to make out a case against
the Respondents (at [46]):

(a) First, that “the rosewood logs were not brought into Singapore solely for
the purposes of taking [them] out of Singapore”; and

(b) second, “the rosewood logs did not remain under the control of an
authorised officer for a period not exceeding 14 days pending despatch to a
place outside Singapore.”

The Rosewood was in transit

27 Turning, first, to the question whether the Rosewood was brought into
Singapore solely for the purposes of taking it out of Singapore, she held that
“there was only one conclusion” which could be drawn: the Rosewood had been
brought into Singapore “solely for the purposes of containerisation to ship to
Hong Kong” [emphasis in original] (at [53]). She relied chiefly on the
evidence of Mr Tan, which she said revealed that the “whole project” for which
Jaguar Express was engaged was the containerisation of the Rosewood for
transhipment. There would have been no need to do so, she held, if the
intention were to import the logs. This was consistent with the evidence of
Wong, who had consistently informed the AVA during the course of
investigations that the Rosewood was to be exported to Hong Kong. Furthermore,
she noted that both quotations (D17 and D18) had been accepted by Wong on
behalf of Kong Hoo and therefore “[had given] rise to binding contractual
obligations” which Mr Tan had honoured by offloading the logs pursuant to the
contracts until he was stopped by the AVA (at [51]).

28 On the second issue, she held that the nub of the issue centred on whether
the Rosewood was kept within the control of an “authorised officer” at all
material times. On this issue, she relied heavily on the evidence of DSP Roy.
She noted that since the Rosewood remained within the Jurong FTZ at all times,
it was always under “customs control” within the meaning of s 3(2) of the
Customs Act (see [12] above). Given that customs officers were “authorised
officer[s]” under s 2(1) of the ESA, she concluded that it must follow that
the rosewood logs were within the control of an authorised officer or officers
(specifically, the officers of customs, who had jurisdiction in the Jurong
FTZ) at all material times. Further, she also agreed with the respondents’
submission that “the fact of Customs control at the material time is quite
clear as even the AVA has to seek the cooperation of Customs to detain the
Cargo.”

29 Putting together the above considerations, she concluded that even on the
prosecution’s evidence, it was clear that the Rosewood was “in transit” within
the meaning of s 2(2)(c) of the ESA (at [61]). She therefore held that the
prosecution had failed to make out a case that the rosewood logs had been
imported.

The amendment of the charge

30 The District Judge also rejected the prosecution’s alternative submission
that the court should exercise its power to amend the charge to one under s
5(1) of the ESA. She noted that the charge originally drawn up on 3 October
2014 was one under s 5(1) of the ESA. However, following the confirmation by
the Madagascan Forestry Ministry that the documents in D5 were authentic, the
charge was amended to one under s 4(1) of the ESA on 1 July 2015. In the
circumstances she held that it was “indeed odd that after abandoning the
original charge, the prosecution made an alternative submission to revert to
the original charge” (at [68]). She held that this was not a “clear case” that
warranted the exercise of her powers to amend the charge. She held that the
question whether D5 sufficed as a valid “CITES export permit, licence,
certificate or written permission” within the meaning of s 5(1) of the ESA
involved a “wholly different” inquiry and necessitated “the evidence of an
official from the Madagascar management authority”, which was unavailable (at
[69]).

31 The District Judge also expressed complete agreement with a section of the
respondents’ submission (which she referenced but did not reproduce) entitled
“The Prosecution’s Volte Face”. Broadly summarised, it was argued that the
prosecution had only sought to amend the charge because it was clear that
their case on the s 4(1) charge was untenable (in particular, because of the
evidence of the Madagascan authorities: see [22] above) and that to permit
this to be done would be to visit great prejudice on the respondents. In
particular, they noted that the legal and factual bases of a s 4(1) and s 5(1)
charge were so different that to permit an amendment would almost certainly
require a “relitigation as all the key witnesses would have to be recalled”.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence’s submissions on no case to answer at paras 48, 52–54 (ROP, p 691, 693
and 694).

The law

32 Having set out the evidence, I now turn to the law. Section 230(1)(j) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) provides that the
court must call on the accused to give his defence if it is of the view that
“there is some evidence which is not inherently incredible and which satisfies
each and every element of the charge as framed by the prosecutor or as altered
or framed by the court”. In the absence of such evidence, the court is
enjoined to order a discharge amounting to an acquittal (see s 230(1)(k) of
the CPC).

33 As explained by Chan Sek Keong CJ in Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2012] 3
SLR 440 (“Re Nalpon”) at [26], this is a statutory codification of the test
which was set out in the seminal decision of the Privy Council in Haw Tua Tau
v PP [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 (“Haw Tua Tau”). The question, Chan CJ explained,
was not whether the evidence as it presently stood had already established the
guilt of the accused beyond a reasonable doubt but whether the evidence – if
it were all accepted as accurate – would do so (at [26]). At a minimum, the
evidence put forward has to cover every constituent element of the offence in
question; if it did not, then it would plainly be impossible for a conviction
to be lawfully sustained. In deciding whether to call on the accused to enter
his defence, regard should be had to the following guiding propositions:

(a) All evidence of primary fact should be accepted as being true, unless it
is so inherently incredible that no reasonable person would be able to accept
it as being true or if it has been discredited or shown to be wholly
unreliable. This may happen, for example, during the course of cross-
examination (see Haw Tua Tau at [15]; Re Nalpon at [25]).

(b) Inferences may be drawn, but only if they are reasonable – it is not
enough that the inference may be credible or not inherently incredible. In
this regard, there is a different standard which applies to primary facts and
inferences insofar as the former should be accepted as true unless it is
inherently incredible whereas inferences can only be accepted if they can
reasonably be drawn (see Re Nalpon at [25]). It is not necessary that the
inference be irresistible or that it must be only possible inference that may
be drawn from the facts.

(c) The totality of the evidence has to be considered when determining whether
evidence is so inherently incredible that it can be accepted or if the
inferences sought to be drawn are reasonable enough to pass muster. The court
cannot only look to those parts of the evidence which are favourable to the
prosecution’s case and ignore those which are detrimental: ie, it cannot pick
out only the plums and leave the duff behind (see Public Prosecutor v IC
Automation (S) Pte Ltd [1996] 2 SLR(R) 799 at [17]).

34 As the Privy Council explained in Haw Tua Tau at [16] and [17], calling for
the defence only brought proceedings to the next stage. The evaluation of the
evidence was a task that still fell to be performed at the close of the trial.
Until then, a Judge must keep an “open mind” as to the accuracy of the
evidence of any of the witnesses until both sides have had a chance to present
their case and to advance such submissions as they might wish. It was entirely
possible, Chan CJ later explained in Re Nalpon at [25] that a trial court
which had earlier found that there was a case to answer could – even if no
evidence had been called for the defendant – eventually decide that the charge
had not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt and that the accused should be
acquitted.

The elements of the charge

35 With that in mind, I turn to consider the elements of the present charge.
Proper consideration of its elements requires consideration of three separate
provisions of the ESA. The first is the offence-creating provision in s 4(1)
of the ESA, which provides that any person who “imports, exports, re-exports
or introduces from the sea any scheduled species without a permit” was guilty
of an offence. I was concerned, for present purposes, only with the definition
of “import”, for that was the limb that the prosecution had relied on.
Accordingly, there were three cumulative elements to the offence of importing
a scheduled species without a licence which were relevant to this case:

(a) The respondents imported the Rosewood;

(b) The Rosewood belonged to a scheduled species;

(c) There was no import permit issued by the Director-General, Agri-Food and
Veterinary Services.

36 I pause here to note that Wong was charged not on the basis that he was
personally responsible for the act in question, but because s 20 of the ESA
imputes liability to the officer of a body corporate for offences committed by
the corporation (in this case, Kong Hoo) where it can be shown that the
offence was committed with his “consent or connivance”. For that reason, the
charge against him would contain the additional element that the primary
offence committed by Kong Hoo must have been performed with his consent and
connivance. As it is not an issue which arose in these appeals, this requires
no further comment or consideration.

37 It was common ground that the second and third elements had been made out.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 5.

The dispute lay with the first. The respondents contended that the Rosewood
was at all times in “transit” and therefore could not have been imported
within the meaning of the ESA and so they could not be liable under s 4(1) of
the ESA. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 5.

In contrast, the prosecution submitted that the respondents had failed with
bring themselves within the “transit exception” set out in s 2(2) of the ESA.
46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 51.

In order to understand the scope of the disagreement, I will first set out the
relevant parts of ss 2(1) and 2(2) of the ESA, which define “import” and
“transit” respectively:

2(1) “import” means to bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land,
sea or air any scheduled species other than any scheduled species in transit
in Singapore; …

…

2(2) For the purposes of this Act, a scheduled species shall be considered to
be in transit if, and only if, it is brought into Singapore solely for the
purpose of taking it out of Singapore and —

(a) it remains at all times in or on the conveyance in or on which it is
brought into Singapore;

(b) it is removed from the conveyance in or on which it was brought into
Singapore and either returned to the same conveyance or transferred directly
to another conveyance before being despatched to a place outside Singapore,
and is kept under the control of the Director-General or an authorised officer
while being so removed, returned or transferred; or

(c) it is removed from the conveyance in or on which it was brought into
Singapore and kept under the control of the Director-General or an authorised
officer for a period not exceeding 14 days, or such longer period as the
Director-General may approve, pending despatch to a place outside Singapore.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

38 As the District Judge recognised, under the schema of the ESA, a scheduled
species can either have been imported or it may be in transit, but it cannot
be both. So long as the scheduled species was brought or caused to be brought
into Singapore by land, sea, or air then it will be considered to have been
imported unless it is deemed to only have been in transit. There is no tertium
quid. It was common ground that the respondents had caused the Rosewood to be
brought into Singapore: this was the entirety of the unchallenged evidence of
Mr Wee, who described how he had been engaged by Kong Hoo to sail the vessel
to Madagascar to load the Rosewood and then to convey it to Singapore (see
[24] above). Thus, it would be considered to have been imported unless it was
shown that it was merely in transit.

39 Referring to s 2(2) of the ESA, it was plain to me that in order for a
scheduled species to be considered to be in transit, two cumulative conditions
had to be satisfied:

(a) The first, which is found in the chapeau of the subsection, is that the
scheduled species must have been brought into Singapore “solely for the
purpose of taking it out of Singapore.” This is a statement of the potential
accused person’s motive for bringing the scheduled species to Singapore.

(b) The second condition is that the case must fall within one of the three
mutually exclusive scenarios set out in paras (a) to (c) of s 2(2) of the ESA.
These three scenarios deal with what actually happens to the scheduled species
after it finds its way to Singapore. Scenario (a) only applies to situations
where the scheduled species never leave the conveyance on which they were
brought into Singapore. Scenarios (b) and (c) apply where the scheduled
species leave the conveyance.

40 Scenarios (a) and (b) both provide relatively unambiguous indicia in
support of the potential accused person’s motive for bringing in the scheduled
species to Singapore. There either is no movement of the scheduled species at
all upon arrival or merely a temporary movement followed by a return to the
same conveyance or another conveyance. In scenario (b), the “control” element
would seem to operate to undermine a possible suggestion that the scheduled
species had been imported on account of it having been removed from its
conveyance. The existence of control would seem to be more consistent with an
intention that the goods remain in transit. Neither scenario (a) nor (b) was
applicable here because it was common ground that 6,164 logs of Rosewood had
been offloaded from the vessel and they had yet to be returned to the vessel.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 47 and 48; respondents’ submissions at paras
13 and 65.

41 That left only scenario (c), which applies to situations where the
scheduled species leaves the conveyance on which it was carried in and does
not return. So what, then, did the prosecution have to do in order to make out
a case against the respondents? Owing to the structure of the provisions, it
would appear that the prosecution essentially had to put forward evidence to
prove two negatives. They had to lead evidence to show that the two cumulative
conditions set out in s 2(2)(c) of the ESA had not been satisfied and
therefore, the Rosewood was imported rather than merely in transit. To use the
language of the statutory scheme, in order for the defence to be called the
court must be satisfied that there was some evidence, not inherently
incredible, to show either that:

(a) the Rosewood was not brought into Singapore “solely for the purpose of
taking it out of Singapore”; or

(b) the Rosewood was not under the “control of the Director-General or an
authorised officer” for the duration of its absence from the vessel.

42 I shall refer to these as the “sole purpose” and the “control” conditions
respectively. The District Judge held that the prosecution had to lead
evidence in respect of both in order for the defence to be called (see [26]
above). I will sound a note of caution about this. To my understanding, the
District Judge did not purport to lay this down as a general rule but had
merely specified this approach based on the facts in the present case. As a
matter of substantive law, the prosecution need only show either that the sole
purpose or that the control condition had not been satisfied to make out a
case that the Rosewood was not in transit. They need not do both, since proof
of either would mean that the Rosewood cannot be considered to have been in
transit within the meaning of s 2(2)(c) of the ESA and must therefore have
been imported.

43 In my view, a useful rule of thumb for the court is this. If it is clear
that the accused persons had caused the scheduled species to be brought into
Singapore and if it is also clear that they did not have the requisite permit,
then the defence should be called, unless the manner in which the accused
persons had brought the scheduled species into Singapore was such that it was
incontrovertibly plain and obvious that both the sole purpose and the control
conditions had been satisfied and so it could not possibly have been imported.

Burden of proof

44 In their submissions, the prosecution contended that the carve-out for
scheduled species in transit was in the nature of an exception to an offence
and so the burden of proving that this so-called “transit exception” had been
satisfied fell on the respondents. This point was not addressed by the
respondents but it had no bearing on the outcome of the appeal in any event.
The significance of this submission, for present purposes, would seem to be
this. Given that it was common ground that the respondents had caused the
Rosewood to be brought to Singapore, there was a prima facie case of
importation and the defence ought to have been called to make out their case
that this was an instance of transit. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 48–51.

In support of this submission, the prosecution cited s 107 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”), which states:

When a person is accused of any offence, the burden of proving the existence
of circumstances bringing the case within any of the general exceptions in the
Penal Code (Cap. 224), or within any special exception or proviso contained in
any other part of the Penal Code, or in any law defining the offence, is upon
him, and the court shall presume the absence of such circumstances.

45 It did not seem to me that s 107 applied here. The provision makes specific
reference to “general exceptions” or “special exception[s]” or “proviso[s]” to
criminal liability. As the illustrations to s 107 of the Evidence Act go on to
show, what is contemplated are bona fide defences such as those found in
Chapter IV of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) which either go towards
justifying or excusing conduct which would otherwise attract criminal
sanction. Section 2(2) of the ESA does not operate in this way. Instead, it is
a provision which defines a state of affairs (viz, when a scheduled species
that has been caused to be brought or brought into Singapore will be
considered to be “in transit”).

46 Perhaps a more plausible line of argument is to say that whether or not the
scheduled species was brought into Singapore “solely for the purpose of taking
it out of Singapore” is a fact which is especially within the knowledge of the
respondents and so the respondents bear the burden of proving that fact in
accordance with s 108 of the Evidence Act. This would seem to be consistent
with the obiter remarks of the Court of Appeal in Attorney-General v Transmax
Pte Ltd [1996] 3 SLR(R) 90 (“Transmax”), which the prosecution cited in their
submissions. There, the provision in question was s 3(1) of the Customs Act
(Cap 70, 1995 Rev Ed), the relevant provisions of which state:

‘import’, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into the customs territory by any means from any
place including a free trade zone:

Provided that goods bona fide in transit, including goods which have been
taken into any free trade zone from outside the customs territory or
transhipped, shall not, for the purpose of the levy of customs duties, be
deemed to be imported unless they are or become uncustomed goods;

‘in transit’ means taken out or sent from any country and brought into
Singapore by land, sea or air (whether or not landed or transhipped in
Singapore) for the sole purpose of being carried to another country either by
the same or another conveyance.

[emphasis added in original judgment]

47 Commenting on this, the Court of Appeal in Transmax remarked at [20] that
“the proviso to the definition of “import” in s 3(1) of the Customs Act (Cap
70, 1995 Ed) would seem to place the burden of proof on the respondent to
prove that the goods were bona fide in transit”. Like s 2(2) of the ESA, a
constitutive element of the definition of “in transit” in s 3(1) of the
Customs Act is the purpose for which the goods were brought – this is a
subjective fact which is especially within the respondent’s knowledge.
However, unlike s 2(2) of the ESA, the definition of “in transit” in s 3(1) of
the Customs Act does not contain any additional element that the goods in
question remain under the control of a specified person at all times.

48 Hence, it seemed to me that even if Transmax were accepted at authority for
the proposition that the burden of proving that a scheduled species was
brought into Singapore solely for the purpose of taking it out of Singapore
(ie, the sole purpose condition) shifts to the respondents, the same cannot be
said for the control condition. Whether or not the Rosewood was within the
control of an authorised officer at all times is a mixed question of fact and
law which falls to be decided based on objective facts which are largely
independent of the respondents’ knowledge or motive. The burden of proving
that the control condition had not been satisfied, it seemed to me, remains
with the prosecution at all times. I will say more of this later.

The application to admit further evidence

49 The hearing of this appeal took place over two days, with the first session
on 12 February 2016 and the second on 19 February 2016. At the commencement of
the second hearing day, the prosecution tendered a letter from the Prime
Minister of the Government of Madagascar dated 10 February 2016 in which it
was stated that the position which had previously been taken on the
authenticity of D5 on 20 January 2015 (see [22] above) “should be considered
as repudiated and rejected”. Mr Kwek explained that the prosecution had not
tendered the letter, which arrived unsolicited, at the first hearing because
they needed some time to confirm its authenticity.

50 Mr Pillai, quite understandably, objected to the admission of the letter
into evidence. He contended that the requirements for the admission of new
evidence on appeal set out in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 had not been
satisfied. He argued, in particular, that the letter would only be relevant if
the charge were framed under s 5(1) of the ESA (which would require proof of a
valid CITES export permit) but that it was irrelevant to the charges as
presently framed. In response, Mr Kwek accepted that the letter was not
strictly germane to the present appeal. However, he informed me that he had
placed this before the court for two reasons: first, because the Government of
Madagascar had asked for their position to be made known; and second, because
they wanted to give notice to the defendant that they might seek to admit this
piece of evidence should the appeal be allowed and an order made for the
defence to be called.

51 It was clear to me that the purpose of the letter was to show that the
documents in D5 were not authentic. I agreed that the letter would only be
relevant if it were held that (a) the charge under s 4(1) was not made out and
(b) the prosecution’s application for the charge to be amended to one under s
5(1) of the ESA was granted. In the premises, it seemed to me that it would be
premature for the letter to be admitted at this juncture. I therefore declined
to make an order on the admissibility of the letter and held that I would not
be making reference to its contents in the course of arriving at my decision.

My decision on the appeal

52 When I reviewed the evidence and the arguments presented by the parties, I
came to the following two conclusions. First, the evidence did not point
irresistibly to the one conclusion found by the District Judge – ie, that the
Rosewood had been brought into Singapore solely for the purposes of
containerisation to ship to Hong Kong. Second, I was not persuaded that it was
incontrovertible that the Rosewood was within the control of an authorised
officer at all material times. I will discuss each in turn.

The sole purpose condition

53 While there was no direct evidence that the respondents intended the
Rosewood to be retained in Singapore for sale or local distribution, it seemed
to me that there was a substantial body of circumstantial evidence which the
prosecution marshalled in support of their case which did not feature in the
District Judge’s grounds. Instead, the District Judge focused almost
exclusively on the evidence of Mr Tan, which pertained to the nature and
purpose of his engagement, and did not say much more about the evidence put
forward by the other prosecution witnesses. In so doing, it seemed to me, with
respect, that the District Judge had thereby not adequately considered the
full body of evidence which had been placed before her.

The District Judge’s assessment of the prosecution’s case

54 The District Judge had characterised the prosecution’s case as being
“anchored solely on the fact that the consignee named in the two bills of
lading was a local company.” She reached this conclusion after citing the
following exchange from the re-examination of Ms Lye (at [47]):

Q: Ms Lye, one final point. Assuming this shipment of cargo was bound for Hong
Kong as Mr Wong claimed, would there be any AVA permits required before it
leaves Singapore?

A: Definitely yes.

Q: Can you explain?

A: Because the company is a local consignee, so as I explained earlier, the
foreign CITES permit has to be surrendered to AVA in exchange for the CITES
import permit. Subsequently, when Mr Wong re-export to Hong Kong, he has to
apply for a CITES re-export permit from us, indicating Kong Hoo as the
Singapore exporter and Hong Kong, the importer in Hong Kong as the final --
the consignee. So it's back-to-back.

[emphasis added in italics]

55 There was no mention of the bills of lading at all, which is already a
strong indication that the District Judge had misapprehended the nature of Ms
Lye’s evidence on this point. To be fair to the District Judge, the evidence
on this issue is somewhat confusing, but careful reading of the transcript
will reveal that Ms Lye made reference to two different sets of documents in
her evidence. The first set was what she referred to as the “shipping
documents” (ie, chiefly, the bills of lading, the cargo manifests and other
documents relating to the shipment) 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP, p 61, lines 13–25; Ms Lye’s conditioned statement at para 5 (ROP, p 307).

; the second set was the CITES export permits, which would be obtained from
the country of export (in this case, Madagascar). Her evidence was that the
listing of a local company as the consignee in either would form an
independent basis for concluding that the Rosewood was not meant to be brought
into Singapore solely for the purposes of taking it out again.

56 In respect of the shipping documents, she explained that as a general
matter, if the consignee listed on the shipping documents was a local company,
then the AVA would treat the shipment as one meant for import. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ROP, p 116, lines 7–14; Ms Lye’s conditioned statement at para 5 (ROP, p 307).

This is consistent with the evidence of DSP Roy, who testified that if then
name of a local consignee were listed in the bill of lading, then Singapore
Customs would treat the matter as an import case rather than one involving
transhipment. In relation to this, I was prepared to accept, as the District
Judge held at [48] of the GD, that the mere fact that the consignee is a local
company is not necessarily probative of the purpose of the shipment. As Mr Wee
testified, a bill of lading merely serves (for present purposes) as a document
of title: it allows the shipper to identify the person to whom the goods
should be handed up to. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROP, p 252, line 14 to p 253, line 9.

Alone, the bills of lading did not shed much light about whether it was
intended that the Rosewood would only pass through Singapore or whether it was
intended that at least a portion of the shipment remain here.

57 In respect of the CITES export permit, however, I thought the matter to be
quite different. In the course of her oral evidence, Ms Lye explained that the
consignee listed in a CITES export permit is always the recipient of the
shipment in the destination country, and never the name of the third party
handling the goods in transit. She explained that this was due to the
structure of the CITES permit regime, under which permits were always issued
on a point to point basis – from the country of export to the country of
import, even if it were intended that the scheduled species would spend some
time in transit. She explained it in these terms: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP, p 169, lines 7–24.

Then for the transit or trans-shipment, he has to submit the TradeNet
declaration declaring the consignment and also attach a copy of the CITES
export permit from the country of export. And we will also verify the foreign
CITES permit first before we approve the TradeNet declaration.

Whenever if there are doubts, we also check with the CITES authority in the
exporting country who has issued the -- whether they have issued the CITES
permit for the transit or trans-shipment. And the permit, the difference is
the consignee will not be the local consignee, it has to be the company in the
final destination, the ultimate destination. If the consignee is the local
consignee, we consider that as an import, import yes. Because CITES permits
are issued back-to-back, so from A to B, B to C, and transit it will be like
direct from A to C. So we are just the intermediate country.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

58 The purport of Ms Lye’s evidence, therefore, is that if the Rosewood was
meant to be exported from Madagascar to Hong Kong (with Singapore only as a
transit destination) then the name of the consignee on the CITES export
documents would be the name of the intended recipient in Hong Kong, and not
the local company handling the shipment in Singapore. While Ms Lye was cross-
examined extensively, it was never suggested that she was mistaken on this. In
fact, the respondents, through their counsel, Mr Pillai, recognised that she
was a “subject matter expert” in the area of the CITES regulations. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROP, p 135, line 24.

59 It is notable that all the documents in D5 – which the respondents
contended were valid national export documents and which were issued by the
Madagascan Forestry Ministry, the Management Authority responsible for the
implementation of CITES in Madagascar 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 112.

– list Kong Hoo as the consignee of the shipment of Rosewood. I put aside, for
present purposes, the dispute over the authenticity of these documents and
whether the zero export quota had ever been lifted (see [8] and [19]–[22]
above). What is undisputed is that almost all of these documents were issued
either on 17 February 2014 or 18 February 2014, after Madagascan rosewood had
been listed as a scheduled species in Appendix II of CITES. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROP, p 75, lines 16–22 (cross-examination of Ms Lye).

If it were inferred, as I think is reasonable, that D5 had been issued in
accordance with usual CITES procedure, then it would follow that the fact that
a Singaporean company (Kong Hoo) was listed as the consignee in D5 suggests
that Singapore was the destination country for the shipment.

Absence of particulars of Hong Kong buyer

60 Another aspect of the evidence which I found relevant was the absence of
any information of a foreign buyer. Ms Lye testified that when Wong was
interviewed, he was asked to disclose the identity of the buyer in Hong Kong
who was to receive the shipment of Rosewood but he “refused” to do so. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROP, p 126, line 19 to p 127, line 3.

When he took the stand, Mr Tan also testified that while his understanding was
that the Rosewood was meant for on-shipment to Hong Kong, he was not given the
particulars of the consignee in Hong Kong who was to receive the cargo nor was
he given the name of the buyer in Hong Kong who had purchased the shipment.
The prosecution submitted that these points suggested that the Rosewood might
not have been brought into Singapore solely for the purpose of being brought
out again. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s case at para 54(e).

61 This was also an argument which was advanced before the District Judge.
However, she noted that Madagascan rosewood had yet to be listed as a
scheduled species in Hong Kong at the time. For that reason, she held that the
“fact that [Wong] did not wish to disclose the buyer was irrelevant as there
was no requirement to obtain an import permit in Hong Kong” (at [52]). With
respect, I cannot agree. It appears that what the District Judge had in mind
was s 5(1) of the ESA, which states that every species in transit must be
accompanied by (a) valid export documentation issued by the country of export
and (b) valid import documentation “where [it is] required by the country of
import”. (I have used the expression “documentation” as a compendious term to
refer to a “permit, licence, certificate or written permission issued by the
competent authority” of the country in question).

62 If the argument being advanced was that the respondents could not have
intended to ship the goods to Hong Kong because they did not obtain the
requisite Hong Kong import permits, then I would agree with the District Judge
that the fact that Hong Kong did not require an import permit at the time is a
complete answer to this contention. If no import permit was required, then one
cannot infer, from the absence of such a permit, that the respondents did not
intend to ship the Rosewood to Hong Kong.

63 However, I think that the point being made here is a broader one. It might
reasonably be inferred, from the respondents’ refusal to disclose the name of
their Hong Kong buyer and from the absence of any documentation of sale or any
confirmed bookings for the on-shipment of the Rosewood, that the respondents
did not have any confirmed buyer in Hong Kong. If they did, there would have
been no reason for them to withhold this information from the AVA or from the
court, particularly since it would go a long way towards absolving them of
legal liability. Following from this, the proper interpretation of the
evidence would seem to be that the respondents had brought the Rosewood into
Singapore in the hope that it might be shipped to Hong Kong if a suitable Hong
Kong buyer could be found but with the intention that until and unless this
came to pass, the Rosewood was to remain within Singapore.

64 These two aspects – the fact that Kong Hoo was listed as the consignee in
D5 and the absence of any information of a buyer in Hong Kong – militated
against the District Judge’s assessment that the Rosewood “was brought into
Singapore solely for the purposes of containerisation to ship to Hong Kong”
(see the GD at [53]). The respondents might well be able to satisfactorily
explain these matters away but they were matters which called out for an
explanation. I was of the view that they provided at least some evidence,
albeit circumstantial, that was not inherently incredible and which went
towards showing that the Rosewood had not been sent to Singapore solely for
the purpose of being taken out again.

65 I accepted that there was evidence (chiefly, the testimony of Mr Alan Tan)
which supported the respondents’ case that the sole purpose for which the
Rosewood was brought to Singapore was for it to be containerised before being
shipped to another port. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 75.

However, the question was whether this evidence was of such a convincing and
conclusive character that it meant that when the totality of the evidence was
considered, a court would have to say that it so discredited the prosecution’s
evidence or showed it to be so manifestly unreliable that it would not be
possible to convict on it.

66 In my judgment, the available evidence did not go that far. While it was
common ground that part of the Rosewood had been offloaded, there was no
clarity from the evidence thus far that the ultimate destination for the
Rosewood was always meant to be Hong Kong or, for that matter, any other place
outside Singapore. For the above reasons, I concluded that there was
sufficient evidence to show that the Rosewood had not been brought into
Singapore solely for the purpose of being taken out again and that, therefore,
this might not be a transit case but a case involving the import of the
Rosewood. I therefore concluded that there was sufficient evidence to satisfy
each and every single element of the offence under s 4(1) of the ESA and so
the defence ought therefore to have been called.

The COP Resolutions

67 Reference was also made by the prosecution and Mr Koh (the amicus) to the
Resolutions passed at the Conference of the Parties of the CITES (“the COP
Resolutions”). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 42 and 43; amicus curiae’s submissions at
para 29.

By way of background, the member states to CITES are collectively referred to
as the Conference of the Parties and they meet every two to three years under
the provisions of Art XI of CITES. At these meetings, the parties review the
implementation of the treaty and make such provisions as may be necessary to
advance its goals. These include amendments to the appendices (Art XI(3)(b))
and, crucially for present purposes, the making of recommendations for
improving the effectiveness of CITES (Art XI(4)(e)). These recommendations
often come in the form of COP Resolutions, which are non-binding but
nevertheless useful sources which shed light on the continuing development of
CITES in the face of global challenges in curbing the international trade in
endangered species.

68 In particular, they drew my attention to Resolution Conf 9.7 (“Conf 9.7”),
which was adopted at the ninth meeting of the Conference of Parties in 1994.
The subject matter of Conf 9.7 was the control of scheduled species in transit
and a brief perusal of its recitals reveals that the concern lay in the fact
that Art VII of CITES, which allows the transit of specimens without the need
to obtain CITES permits, could be abused. One specific worry was that
middlemen could take advantage of the exception carved out by Art VII by
keeping specimens in the transit country (where it remained, in a manner of
speaking, in a form of regulatory limbo) while seeking a buyer in another
state. In order to tackle this problem, two key recommendations were made:

(a) First, the definition of transit was narrowed. It was recommended that
specimens in transit refer only to specimens which “are in the process of
shipment to a named consignee when any interruption in the movement arises
only from the arrangements necessitated by this form of traffic” (Conf 9.7 at
para (a)).

(b) Second, it was proposed that all export documentation “clearly show the
ultimate destination of the shipment” (Conf 9.7 at para (c)).

69 As explained in Cyrille de Klemm, Guidelines for Legislation to Implement
CITES (IUCN, 1993) (“Guidelines for CITES”) at p 18, these two recommendations
were intended to weed out cases in which export documents were obtained for
shipments to no named consignee or cases where the shipments were made to a
consignee in the country of transit. It was thought that both these situations
presented themselves as potential sources of abuse, for they were most likely
to be situations in which middlemen intended to keep goods in limbo in a
transit country while they shopped for buyers, which was the concern which
animated the Conference of the Parties.

70 Pointing to this, the prosecution submitted that if the export documents
accompanying the shipment do not contain details of (a) the ultimate
destination of the shipment; and (b) a named consignee in that destination
country (both of which are lacking in this case), then the shipment must be
considered to have been imported and therefore subject to the regulation under
s 4(1) of the ESA. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 44 and 55.

With respect, I could not accept this submission. In essence, this would
amount to re-writing the terms of the statute. While I recognised the force of
the policy arguments they advanced, I was constrained by the wording of the
ESA, which clearly states that a scheduled species will be considered to be in
transit if the sole purpose and control conditions are satisfied (see [39]
above). This court cannot set out a test for “transit” which is contra legem
the express words of the ESA.

71 However, I accepted – in agreement with Mr Koh – that while the
recommendations made in the COP Resolutions are not legally binding and are
certainly not dispositive, they present relevant considerations to take into
account in determining whether the sole purpose condition has been satisfied.
61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Amicus curiae’s submissions at para 45.

On that basis, I accepted the submission that the absence of a named Hong Kong
consignee and the absence of any indication that Hong Kong was the final
destination for the shipment provided some evidence to show that the
respondents might not have brought the Rosewood solely for the purpose of
bringing it out again. This further fortified the conclusions I had reached
earlier purely on a consideration of the evidence, without reference to the
COP Resolutions.

The control condition

72 I now turn to the control condition. The dispute here, unlike that in the
previous section, turns on a pure question of law: viz, what is the meaning of
“control” in s 2(2)(c) of the ESA? The specific question to be answered is
whether goods which are deemed to be under “customs control” within the
meaning of the Customs Act must ipso facto be deemed to be under the “control”
of an “authorised officer” (this authorised officer being an officer of
customs) within the meaning of s 2(2)(c) of the ESA. This was the position
adopted by the District Judge, who reasoned as follows (see the GD at [59] and
[60]):

(a) The Rosewood was at all times within the Jurong FTZ.

(b) Section 2(1) of the ESA defines an “authorised officer” includes “any
officer of customs within the meaning of the Customs Act (Cap. 70)”.

(c) Section 3(2) of the Customs Act provides that goods which are within a
free trade zone are “deemed to be under customs control”.

(d) In conclusion, the Rosewood was within the control of an authorised
officer (this being an officer of customs) since it was in an FTZ and
therefore “under customs control”.

73 The prosecution did not dispute that the Rosewood was within “customs
control” within the meaning of s 3(2) of the Customs Act. However, it was
submitted that the District Judge had erred in conflating the notion of
“customs control” within the meaning of the Customs Act with the more specific
notion of “control” which is used in s 2(2)(c) of the ESA. They contended that
each expression must be understood within the context and in the light of the
purposes of the statutory scheme in which it is found. In the case of the
Customs Act, the notion of “customs control” refers to a scheme of “passive
control” over goods which are stored in a particular geographical locality for
the purpose of facilitating the collection of customs and excise duties. In
the case of the ESA, however, the notion of “control” bears its “plain and
ordinary meaning” and refers either to “actual physical control” or to a form
of “active legal control” that allows the Director-General or any authorised
officer to take such measures as are necessary to prevent the illicit trade in
wildlife. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 62–64; 72 (quotes from paras 64 and 72).

74 In contrast, the respondents, defending the position taken by the District
Judge, submitted that Parliament could not have intended the ESA and the
Customs Act to operate in “splendid isolation”. They contended that in
defining an “authorised officer” to include an officer of customs, Parliament
must also have intended that the expression “control”, which appears in in
both pieces of legislation be read harmoniously such that “the phrase ‘kept
under the control of the Director-General or an authorised person’ may, in
these circumstances, be interpreted as ‘kept under the control of officers of
customs’” [emphasis in original removed]. Elaborating, they point out that Ms
Lye enlisted the assistance of Singapore Customs in seizing the Rosewood. This
would not have been possible, they submitted, if Singapore Customs did not
have control over the cargo. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 87–90; 92(b) (quote from para 88).

75 After considering the arguments presented, I agreed with the prosecution
that the notion of “control” under the ESA could not be equated with the
concept of “customs control” within the meaning of the Customs Act. Second, I
also agreed that, as a matter of statutory interpretation, the notion of
control contemplated by the ESA is that of an “active” form of control and
that it cannot merely be the passive control such as that contemplated by the
Customs Act. Finally, I accepted, on the evidence as presented, that there was
sufficient basis to conclude that the control condition had not been
satisfied. I propose to explain each of these conclusions in turn.

The textual argument

76 Section 3(2) of the Customs Act reads:

For the purposes of this Act, goods shall be deemed to be under customs
control while they are deposited or held in any free trade zone, Government
warehouse, licensed warehouse, or bottling warehouse or post office or in any
vessel, train, vehicle or aircraft or any place from which they may not be
removed except with the permission of the proper officer of customs. [emphasis
added]

77 The inclusion of the proviso “[f]or the purposes of this Act” provides the
first, and to my mind the clearest, indication of the persuasiveness of the
prosecution’s arguments. It is plain that Parliament had intended that the
scope of the deeming provision be limited only to matters which fall within
the Customs Act and not to other Acts, such as the ESA. For that reason alone,
s 3(2) of the Customs Act was not relevant to the question whether the
Rosewood was under the control of an authorised officer within the meaning of
s 2(2)(c) of the ESA.

78 I had no difficulty in rejecting the respondents’ submission that if the
Customs Act is relevant for defining who an “officer of customs” is, then it
must likewise be relevant for determining the meaning of “control” in s
2(2)(c) of the ESA. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 87 and 88.

In my judgment, this submission was plainly misconceived. Section 2(1) of the
ESA provides what is called a “referential definition” (see Oliver Jones,
Bennion on Statutory Interpretation (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2013) at p 526). In
other words, it defines a term (“officer of customs”) by giving it a meaning
which is set out in another statute (in this case, s 3(1) of the Customs Act).
It is plain that if Parliament had intended that the expression “control” was
to bear the meaning ascribed to it under s 3(2) of the Customs Act then a
similarly worded referential definition would have been included, but this was
not done.

79 Second, I disagreed with the District Judge’s interpretation of the
composite expression “customs control”. It is evident from [59] of her GD that
the District Judge approached the issue by dividing the expression “customs
control” into two parts. The first part of the phrase, the word “customs”, she
read to refer to the subject who was exercising control: viz, “an officer of
Customs”. The second, the word “control”, she read to refer to the activity
which was being performed: ie, the exercise of control over goods. And it is
only by approaching the matter in this manner that she was able to conclude
that goods which are “deemed to be under customs control” by virtue of s 3(2)
of the Customs Act are under the control of a customs officer. With respect,
this discloses a clear error of principle.

80 As a general matter, when a compound phrase such as “customs control” is
used in a statute, it must be construed as a whole and it would be incorrect
to assume that the meaning of the phrase is merely the sum of the meanings of
the individual words which constitute the phrase (see Mersey Docks and Harbour
Board v Henderson Bros (1888) 13 App Cas 595 at 599). As the prosecution
pointed out, even in the context of the Customs Act, it is clear that
Parliament had consistently used the expression “customs control” as a term of
art (see, eg, ss 15(2), 27, and 59) in contradistinction to the expression
“control” which appears at, inter alia, ss 56 and 57. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 73–75.

81 In the Customs Act, the expression “customs control” is always used in
relation to the placement of goods in designated places (eg, a free trade
zone, warehouses, vehicles, etc: see s 3(2) of the Customs Act) from which
they may not be removed without permission. Such permission is usually only
granted upon the payment of the necessary duties (see, eg, s 27(1)(a) of the
Customs Act). What is contemplated by this is control in a jurisdictional
sense: the Customs Act sets up a system of zonal legal control over the
movement of goods within particular geographical limits to facilitate the
collection of customs and excise duties (see Transmax at [55] and [61]).

82 In contrast, where the expression “control” is used in the Customs Act, it
is always used in relation to the custody of goods by particular persons. For
example, s 56 of the Customs Act, which relates to the exemption of the
Government from tortious liability in certain defined circumstances, reads:

The Government shall not be liable to make good any loss sustained in respect
of any goods by fire, theft, damage or other cause, while the goods are in any
Government warehouse or customs office or customs station or in any other
place approved by the Director- General in writing or in the lawful custody or
control of any officer of customs, unless the loss has been caused by the
wilful neglect or default of an officer of customs or of a person employed by
the Government in connection with the customs. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

83 There is a clear juxtaposition between goods which are merely placed in
certain places (Government warehouses, customs offices, etc) and goods which
are in the “lawful custody or control” of a particular officer of customs.
When the expression “control” is used, therefore, it goes beyond mere
jurisdictional control (such as that contemplated in the notion of “customs
control”) to a form of active control, such that it is possible for the loss
of the goods to have been caused by the “wilful neglect or default” of an
officer of customs in whose control the goods have been reposed. The upshot of
all this is that if the expressions “customs control” and “control” are not
even intended to bear the same meaning in the same Act of Parliament then, a
fortiori, the notion of “control” within the context of the ESA cannot be
equated with the concept of “customs control” under the Customs Act.

84 Together, these two points alone would have been sufficient to undermine
the District Judge’s finding that the offloaded Rosewood was within the
control of an authorised officer at all material times. I now turn to consider
what the expression “control” means within the scheme of the ESA.

The purposive argument

85 The word “control” is a protean expression whose meaning must be derived
from the context in which it is used. When used in relation to goods, it can
mean anything ranging from physical possessory control to abstract legal
control in the sense of a legal authority or entitlement to direct the manner
in which the goods are to be dealt with. In deciding what meaning should be
ascribed to the expression “control” in s 2(2)(c) of the ESA, I was mindful
that s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) mandates that an
interpretation favouring the underlying legislative purpose of the enactment
be favoured over one which does not (see Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [41]). The case of Transmax is instructive in this
regard.

86 There, the respondent discharged a large quantity of cigarettes into
Singapore and applied for permission for them to be stored in their warehouse
pending transhipment. Singapore Customs granted the requisite permission,
subject to strict conditions set out in the cargo clearance permit, one of
which was that the container in which the cigarettes were stored was to be
sealed with a customs seal and locked with a customs padlock both of which
could only be removed under the supervision of an officer of customs. The seal
and lock were affixed at the customs checkpoint and the container was driven
away. Subsequently, the seal was removed and the lock was cut and the
cigarettes were stolen. The question the Court of Appeal had to answer was
whether the cigarettes, despite having been stolen, could still be considered
to be under “customs control” within the meaning of s 16(1) of the Customs Act
(Cap 70, 1995 Rev Ed) (“s 16(1)”) such that the owner of the goods may be
granted an abatement of the customs duties payable on account of them having
been lost through theft.

87 The Court of Appeal answered the question in the affirmative. The
possibility of abatement was provided for under s 16(1), it held, because
while goods are under “customs control”, Singapore Customs has the right to
direct how the owners are to deal with the property. Thus, if goods were lost
despite full compliance with the directions given, then it was only fair that
the owners should be permitted an abatement of the customs duties payable (at
[63]). On the facts, the court held that while the cigarettes were removed
from the physical control of Singapore Customs after it was driven away from
the customs checkpoint, it nevertheless still remained within the legal
control of Singapore Customs because it still exercised jurisdiction over all
dealings with the goods. This was sufficient to constitute “customs control”
such that an abatement of duties may be granted (at [66]).

88 The expression “control” is not defined in the ESA. However, when s 2(2) of
the ESA is examined, what stands out is that the requirement of “control” is
only found within ss 2(2)(b) and 2(2)(c), both of which concern situations in
which the scheduled species is removed from the conveyance on which it was
brought, but not s 2(2)(a), which concerns the situation when the scheduled
species never leaves the conveyance. It is evident that the requirement of
control is directed towards a particular mischief which occurs when the
scheduled species enters the territory of the transit state. But what exactly
is the mischief that is being targeted?

89 A tension which lies at the heart of CITES, to which the ESA was enacted to
give effect (as stated in the long title to the ESA), is the need to balance
the need for the sustainable and legitimate use of natural resources against
the imperative of conservation. This much is clear from the preamble to CITES,
which recognises both the “ever-growing value of wild fauna and flora” and the
need to protect them “against over-exploitation through international trade.”
Thus, a cornerstone of CITES is the proviso that it “shall not apply to the
transit or transhipment of specimens through or in the territory of a Party
while the specimens remain in Customs control” (see Art VII(1) of CITES). As
explained in David S Favre, International Trade in Endangered Species: A Guide
to CITES (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 1989) (“A Guide to CITES”) at p 168,
the drafters of CITES were of the view that the administrative burden of
issuing import and export certificates would be excessive if the requirements
were to apply even to specimens which were only passing through the territory
of a third state. This is the source of the import/transit distinction which
exists in our law today.

90 However, the drafters of CITES were also conscious that this could be the
subject of abuse which may undermine the core goal of CITES, which is the
conservation of endangered species. This was underscored by Dr Lee Boon Yang,
the then-Senior Minister of State for National Development at the Second
Reading of the Endangered Species (Import and Export) Bill (Bill 4 of 1989)
who emphasised that “the aim of CITES is the long-term protection of wild
fauna and flora” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (26
January 1989) vol 52 at col 561) (“ESA Debates”). The potential for abuse was
recognised from the outset, and it was repeatedly emphasised by the member
states to CITES, which have passed various resolutions to draw attention to
the potential for abuse (see [67]–[71] above). I highlight two.

91 First, some traders might seek to keep scheduled species in the territory
of a transit country while searching for a buyer in another country. This was
a problem which was identified by the Conference of the Parties in Conf 9.7
(see [68] above). Second, it was thought that it could give rise to the danger
that would-be smugglers might seek to circumvent CITES protections by
disposing of their scheduled species en route. The following example was given
in A Guide to CITES at p 170:

A second example of illegal actions by our nefarious trader would be the
exchange of specimens while in transit. Presume the trader with his skins
arrives in Vancouver, Canada. He declares that he is proceeding by train or
bus across Canada to Quebec where he is going to fly to Italy. Once in route,
he meets with another and exchanges illegal skins for the ones on the permit.
This exchange could even happen at an airport waiting lounge once the trader
is out of sight at [sic] the custom officials. Since the specimens are in
transit, and no re-export certificate is required, the specimens might not be
compared with the issued permits. Additionally, once out of sight of the
customs official, the specimens might be sold and disappear entirely.

92 Therefore, it was specifically stated that the carve-out for specimens in
transit would only apply so long as they remain “under customs control”: Art
VII(1) of CITES. (I hasten to add that the notion of “customs control” under
CITES is distinct from the same expression used in our Customs Act.) The
addition of this proviso reflects a basic premise of CITES, which is that
international co-operation is essential to the conservation effort and to that
end all countries would assert control, through their national customs
authorities, over all items entering and exiting their jurisdiction and
therefore prevent smugglers from circumventing the system of permit controls
set out in CITES by fraudulently claiming that their goods are only meant to
be in transit when in fact they were meant to be imported (see A Guide to
CITES at p 171).

93 Against this background, I agreed with the prosecution that the expression
“control” must be interpreted in a way that is capable of addressing the
problems identified above. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 84.

This would give full effect to the purpose and object of the ESA, which is
that Singapore, “an important port of call and a major trading centre”, would
be able to play its “role in helping to control international trade in
endangered species” (see ESA Debates at col 561).

94 I accepted the prosecution’s submission that the “control” envisaged by s
2(2)(c) of the ESA must be a form of active control in the sense that the
person in question both knows of the existence of the goods and is in a
position to determine how these goods should be used or moved. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Appellant’s submissions at para 61.

This control must be operative. It cannot merely be the sort of passive
superintendence or jurisdictional control contemplated in the notion of
“customs control” (see [81] above). For instance, it would not suffice if the
goods were merely placed in a location where it is subject to the enforcement
authority or power of the Director-General or the authorised officer if no
actual steps were taken for some form of conscious oversight to be exercised
over the scheduled species. This would also comport with the way that s 2(2)
of the ESA is drafted, which seems to contemplate that scheduled species which
leave the conveyance they arrived in should nevertheless remain at least as
secured as they would be if they had remained on board (see [88] above).

95 That said, I agreed with Mr Koh where he submitted that the notion of
“control” need not necessarily imply a form of possessory control. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Amicus curiae’s submissions at paras 56–58.

The requisite control may be present where, as in Transmax, the goods are
sealed and placed under lock and key with specific directions given as to
where the scheduled species are to be stored and the specific circumstances
under which they are to be moved. If the scheduled species were not in the
physical custody of the authorised officers, then it must usually be shown
that they had taken precautions to secure the integrity of the shipment in
order for the requisite control to be found. Ultimately, whether the requisite
control exists is a question of fact the answer to which would depend on the
circumstances of each case.

96 As a corollary of this, a scheduled species would cease to be within the
control of an authorised officer if, as in Transmax, they were stolen by a
third party and therefore taken out of the control of an authorised officer.
In such a situation, the scheduled species would now be considered to have
been “imported”, possibly exposing the person who brought it in to liability
under s 4(1) of the ESA. However, such a contingency would be adequately
covered by s 6(1) of the ESA, which provides that a person charged with an
offence under ss 4 or 5 of the ESA has a defence if he can show (a) that the
commission of the offence was “due to the act or default of another person or
to some other cause beyond his control” and (b) he “took all reasonable
precautions and exercised all due diligence”.

The evidence of control

97 I now turn to the facts. Given the definition of control I set out above,
it was clear that there was evidence to support the prosecution’s claim that
the requisite form of control required under s 2(2)(c) of the ESA was not
present. There was no evidence from Mr Tan that anyone – be it an officer of
customs or an authorised officer appointed by the Director-General or
otherwise – was aware of the fact that the Rosewood was being unloaded, let
alone that they exercised any control over the process. Mr Leong Yew Chung of
the AVA, who was one of the officers involved in the seizure of the Rosewood,
deposed that they only discovered that a portion of the shipment had been
offloaded after they boarded the vessel. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Mr Leong Yew Chung’s conditioned statement at paras 3–5 (ROP, pp 315 and 316).

98 While the respondents pointed to DSP Roy’s testimony that goods within an
FTZ are “under [the] control of the Customs Department” 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 79; ROP, p 40, line 17 to p 41, line 2.

, it was clear to me that DSP Roy’s evidence was merely that this meant that
Singapore Customs had the power to take “enforcement action over the goods
that are stored in the [FTZ]”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ROP, p 38, lines 21–24.

The mere fact that the scheduled species were placed in a locality over which
the Director-General or an authorised officer exercised passive dominion or
jurisdiction cannot, without more, constitute the necessary control. Likewise,
the District Judge’s point that the “fact of Customs control at the material
time is quite clear as even the AVA has to seek the cooperation of [Singapore]
Customs to detain the Cargo” (see the GD at [60]) was neither here nor there.
At best, it showed that Singapore Customs had the power and the ability to
exercise enforcement action in the FTZ area of Jurong Port at the time of
seizure (which was not disputed), but it did not go towards determining that
control was exercised over the Rosewood. In fact, the evidence was that from
the time they were offloaded until they were seized, the 6,164 logs of
rosewood lay in an open yard at berth J16 of Jurong Port without any visible
measures being taken to prevent them from being removed (as can be seen in the
photographs marked P24–28). 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mr Wee’s conditioned statement at para 7 (ROP, p 326); ROP, pp 413–416.

99 In summary, I was satisfied that there was evidence to show that both the
sole purpose and control conditions had not been satisfied and therefore that
the Rosewood had been imported into Singapore instead of having merely been
“in transit”. I therefore concluded that there was a case to answer on the
terms of the s 4(1) charge that had been framed.

100 Having held that there was a case to answer on the s 4(1) charge, I did
not find it necessary to address the prosecution’s alternative submission,
which was that the District Judge had erred in not exercising her power to
amend the charge to one under s 5(1) of the ESA.

Conclusion

101 The central question on appeal was whether there was some evidence, not
inherently incredible, to show that the Rosewood had been imported as opposed
to being merely “in transit” in Singapore. In my judgment, there was. I
therefore allowed the appeal, set aside the order of acquittal, and remitted
the case to the District Judge for the defence to be called.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Kwek Mean Luck, Tan Wen Hsien, Sarah Shi, and Zhuo Wenzhao (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the appellant;  
K Muralidharan Pillai, Paul Tan, and Jonathan Lai (Rajah & Tann LLP)
(Instructed), Choo Zheng Xi (Peter Low LLC) for the respondents;  
Kelvin Koh Li Qun (TSMP Law Corporation) as amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

