Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 37

Civil Appeal No 73 of 2016

Between

KHO JABING  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX-TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Res judicata] — [Abuse of process]

[Constitutional Law] — [Equality before the law]

[Constitutional Law] — [Fundamental liberties] — [Protection against
retrospective criminal laws] — [Right to life and personal liberty]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Kho Jabing

  
v

  

Attorney-General

[2016] SGCA 37

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 73 of 2016  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Woo Bih Li J, Lee Seiu Kin J and
Chan Seng Onn J  
20 May 2016

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 We last saw the appellant yesterday. He had attended before us for the
urgent hearing of his second application to set aside the sentence of death
imposed on him. That application proceeded by way of a criminal motion to
reopen a concluded criminal appeal and it had been filed on Wednesday evening.
We heard his application and we dismissed it. After we delivered judgment in
that matter, we learnt that yesterday morning – even before we had urgently
convened to hear his second application – he had filed two separate
originating summonses in the High Court seeking a series of declarations that
various provisions in the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) and the Penal Code
(Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 32 of 2012) (“Amendment Act”) are unconstitutional.
One originating summons was eventually withdrawn. We will come to the details
shortly, but it suffices to say for now that he seeks these declarations in
order that he might obtain a stay of execution of the sentence of death that
is to be carried out today. Once again, an urgent hearing was convened and a
Judicial Commissioner heard arguments late into the evening and at about
9.00pm last night, the Judicial Commissioner dismissed the application. An
urgent appeal was filed at 10.19pm the same night. This is the appeal now
before us.

2 This case has been about many things. But today, it is about the abuse of
the process of the court. In a 19th century decision of the House of Lords
called The Rev. Oswald Joseph Reichel, Clerk (Pauper) v The Rev John Richard
Magrath, Provost of Queen’s College, Oxford University (1889) 14 App Cas 665
at 688, Lord Halsbury LC said that

… it would be a scandal to the administration of justice if, the same question
having been disposed of by one case, the litigant were to be permitted by
changing the form of the proceedings to set up the same case again.

This is precisely what has happened here. The applicant has tried twice to
obtain relief by engaging the criminal jurisdiction of this court. After his
applications were dismissed, he has gone away and sought relief by means of a
civil action. This cannot be allowed. Yesterday, we said that no court in the
world would allow an applicant to prolong matters ad infinitum through the
filing of multiple applications. This principle applies here. And it applies
with greater force because what the appellant seeks to do is to use the civil
jurisdiction of the court to mount a collateral attack on a decision made by
the court in the exercise of its criminal jurisdiction. Indeed, what the
appellant has tried to do is even worse, for he has come to this court
presenting arguments which are largely the same as, if not identical with, the
arguments he presented in his criminal motions. What the appellant has done
today, if allowed, would throw the whole system of justice into disrepute.

3 We will return to these points in a moment. But first, we propose to deal
with a preliminary matter. When Mr Dodwell appeared before us, he sought to
impress upon us that this appeal concerns only the decision of the Judicial
Commissioner not to grant an interim stay. He therefore submits that there is
no basis for us to consider the substantive merits of the application. We
disagree. In the course of oral arguments, Mr Dodwell referred to the decision
of the Privy Council in Thomas Reckley v Minister of Public Safety and
Immigration and others [1995] 2 AC 491. There, the Privy Council was asked to
grant a stay of a scheduled execution pending the determination of an eleventh
hour constitutional challenge. The Privy Council said, and here we quote (at
496H-497A):

Their Lordships accept that, if the constitutional motion raises a real issue
for determination, it must be right for the courts to grant a stay prohibiting
the carrying out of a sentence of death pending the determination of the
constitutional motion. But it does not follow that there is an automatic right
to a stay in all cases. If it is demonstrated that the constitutional motion
is plainly and obviously bound to fail, those proceedings will be vexatious
and could be struck out. If it can be demonstrated to the court from whom a
stay of execution is sought that the constitutional motion is vexatious as
being plainly and obviously ill-founded, then in their Lordships' view it is
right for the court to refuse a stay even in death penalty cases.

4 We therefore hold that the merits of the present originating summons are
clearly relevant to this appeal. We turn to summarise the appellant’s
arguments. He has raised a number of arguments in support of his appeal but,
so far as we understand it, he has put forward three principal contentions.
These are:

(a) One, the test set out by this court for determining when a sentence of
death should be imposed is too vague and lacks that quality of certainty
required for it to be considered “law” within the meaning of Art 9(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”).

(b) Two, the re-sentencing regime is unconstitutional because it has: (i)
denied the appellant the right to a fair trial in violation of Art 9(1) of the
Constitution; (ii) subjected him to retrospective punishment contrary to Art
11 of the Constitution; and (iii) treated him unequally in violation of Art
12(1) the Constitution.

(c) Three, he says that this court had acted without jurisdiction in hearing
the Prosecution’s appeal against his sentence in 2015 because the Prosecution
has no right of appeal against a sentence of life imprisonment and caning
imposed by the High Court (in lieu of a sentence of death) in an application
for re-sentencing.

5 We begin with the argument on vagueness. There are three reasons why this
argument must fail. First, this is the exact argument he brought before us
previously, in his first criminal motion he filed last year (CM 24/2015”) and
we rejected this submission at [87]–[90] of our judgment delivered this April
(Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGCA 21 (“Kho Jabing”). To this, Mr
Dodwell could only say that we did not look at the matter through
“constitutional goggles” and that this makes a difference. This was a constant
refrain we heard throughout the hearing but we reject this submission as being
wholly without merit. An estoppel arises when a court of competent
jurisdiction has determined some question of fact or law in previous
litigation between the same parties. The question raised by the appellant last
year, and the question which he raises now, is whether the test was too vague.
We said it was not. This is a matter which is res judicata.

6 Second, it is plainly wrong to say that the test is not sufficiently precise
and hence is unconstitutional. In our decision in April this year, we
explained that the inquiry is whether the offender has displayed so “blatant
[a] disregard for human life” and whether his actions are so “grievous an
affront to humanity and so abhorrent” that the death penalty should be
imposed. To put it simply, the “outrage test” calls on the court to do what it
always does in any sentencing exercise, which is to determine whether the
punishment fits the crime. This test, like any test set out in the realm of
sentencing, provides useful signposts and guidance to future courts. They are
there to improve, rather than detract from, the principle of consistency in
sentencing.

7 Third, the vagueness of which the appellant complains is no more than the
indeterminacy that is inherent in the sentencing exercise. In our judgment in
April this year, we said that sentencing is an “intensely difficult exercise,
and… reasonable persons can, and often do, disagree as to what the appropriate
sentence ought to be” (see Kho Jabing at [102]). That should not be
surprising, because sentencing is not a mathematical exercise. In fact, the
appellant himself urged us to adopt an even vaguer test last year. He said we
should hold that the death penalty should only be reserved for cases which are
the “rarest of the rare” (see Kho Jabing at [87]). This formulation, in our
judgment, is far worse than the outrage test we have advanced. It does not
offer any guidance to lower courts or to accused persons.

8 We now turn to the second main argument, which is the argument that the re-
sentencing process has violated his constitutional rights. He says this is so
for a number of reasons, and we propose to deal with them in sequence. First,
he says it violates his right to a fair trial under Art 9 of the Constitution,
for he was denied a right to lead evidence which might be relevant to the
question of his sentence. This is plainly not true for one simple reason. As
we explained at [95]–[97] of the judgment we delivered in April, the appellant
had expressly declined to lead further evidence when he appeared before the
High Court Judge who heard his re-sentencing application. When he appeared
before us in the appeal in 2015, he could have made a fresh application to
lead further evidence, but he did not. Having not done so, he cannot now say
that he had been denied a right to a fair trial.

9 Second, he says that his right under Art 11(1) of the Constitution has been
infringed. However, we cannot see how Art 11 is at all relevant here. Article
11 embodies a central principle in the law, which is that no person may be
punished for an act which was not a crime at the time he committed it nor may
a person be subject to greater punishment for an offence than was prescribed
by law at the time the offence was committed. What it does not prohibit is the
retrospective lowering of a sentence. This was precisely what Parliament did
when it passed the Amendment Act – it gave the appellant and other offenders
in a similar situation a new lease on life. There is absolutely no basis for
saying that Art 11 has been violated.

10 Third, he says that his right to equal treatment under Art 12(1) has been
violated. This argument, as far as we understand it, proceeds as follows. He
says that he has been treated unfairly as compared to persons who were
sentenced to death at first instance. Such persons, he contends, have the
benefit of a review of a death sentence by the Court of Appeal, whether by way
of an ordinary appeal or through a petition of confirmation under ss 394A and
394B of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed). The fact that he
did not have such an opportunity, he submits, amounts to unfair treatment. In
our judgment, this argument is wholly misconceived.

11 The Criminal Procedure Code says that all sentences of death cannot be
carried out on a convicted person until two tiers of courts have reviewed the
matter of the person’s sentence. This is exactly what the appellant has
received in this case. The appellant has been treated no differently from any
accused person before or after the passage of the Amendment Act. He is
eligible to one hearing in the High Court, in which the matter of his sentence
will be considered, subject to an appeal to the Court of Appeal. The fact that
he has been sentenced to death by the Court of Appeal rather than the High
Court is not relevant. Indeed, there have been cases where the Court of Appeal
has overturned an acquittal by the High Court and convicted the accused on
appeal and imposed the death sentence. One such case is Public Prosecutor v
Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA 33.

12 Finally, we turn to the third principal contention, which is that we lacked
jurisdiction to hear the Prosecution’s appeal against his sentence in 2015. We
note that this issue was not raised in oral argument. This is the exact
argument which was raised in CM 24/2015 and which we rejected. This may be
seen at [82]–[83] of the judgment we delivered in April.

13 In conclusion, the arguments raised by the appellant before us are the same
arguments raised in CM 24/2015, sometimes presented in new wineskins,
sometimes not, but the substance of the arguments is entirely the same. This
is merely, in the words of our judgment in CM 24/2015 (see Kho Jabing [78]),
“an attempt to re-litigate a matter which had already been fully argued and
thoroughly considered.” We consider that no real issues of any merit have been
raised under the originating summons filed. For the reasons we have stated,
the originating summons is plainly misconceived and obviously bound to fail.
Accordingly, we dismiss the appeal.

14 Before we rise, we note that Mr Dodwell has brought our attention to a
series of correspondence between the appellant’s solicitors and the
President’s office. From the documents shown to us, it is clear that the
President has taken the stand that the clemency process has been completed. We
cannot see how further correspondence from the solicitors changes the
position.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Woo Bih Li  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

  
Seiu Kin Chan Seng Onn  
Judge Judge

Alfred Dodwell (Dodwell & Co LLC) (instructed), Chong Yean Yoong Jeannette-
Florina (Archilex Law Corporation)  
for the applicant;  
Francis Ng, Mohamed Faizal, and Zhuo Wenzhao  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

