Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 79

Registrar’s Appeal No 310 of 2015

Between

lee han min garry

… Appellant

And

Piong Michelle Lucia

… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 68 of 2015

In the matter of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20)

And

In the matter of Rules 96 and 97 of the Bankruptcy  
Rules (Cap. 20, Rule 1)

And

In the matter of a Statutory Demand dated  
10 November 2014

Between

lee han min garry

… Plaintiff

And

Piong Michelle Lucia

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory Demand]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publ ication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Han Min Garry

v

Piong Michelle Lucia

[2016] SGHC 79

High Court — Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 68 of 2015 (Registrar’s
Appeal No 310 of 2015)

Lai Siu Chiu SJ

9, 16 Nov 2015

21 April 2016

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Lee Han Min Garry (“the appellant”) applied in Originating Summons
(Bankruptcy) No 68 of 2015 (“the OSB”) to set aside the statutory demand dated
10 November 2014 for the sum of $90,000 (“the demand”) that had been served on
him by Piong Michelle Lucia (“the respondent”). The appellant’s application
was dismissed by the Assistant Registrar (“the AR”) against whose decision he
filed this Registrar’s Appeal No 310 of 2015 (“the Appeal”).

2 The Appeal came on for hearing before this court. At the conclusion of the
hearing, this court dismissed the Appeal with costs. As the appellant has
filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No 222 of 2015) against my decision,
I now set out my reasons.

The facts

3 The appellant married the respondent on 15 August 2010, but the parties are
in the midst of divorce proceedings instituted by the respondent in Divorce No
4672 of 2014.

4 At the material time, the appellant’s residential address was at 88A
Shrewsbury Road, Singapore 307845 (“the premises”) which is a temple. On 10
and 30 November 2014, the respondent’s solicitors’ process server (“the
process server”) attempted to serve the demand on him but did not succeed.

5 On 4 December 2014, by way of substituted service, the process server served
the demand on the appellant by posting on the front door of the premises. The
process server followed up by filing his affidavit of service on 2 April 2015.

6 Based on the demand, the respondent filed a creditor’s bankruptcy petition
against the appellant in Bankruptcy No 581 of 2015. The process server
attempted to serve the appellant with the bankruptcy petition and the
respondent’s supporting affidavit (collectively, “the bankruptcy documents”)
on 12, 13 and 14 April 2015 without success.

7 The respondent applied for substituted service of the bankruptcy documents
vide Summons No 1806 of 2015 which application was granted on 20 April 2015.
Thereafter, on 21 April 2015, substituted service of the bankruptcy documents
was effected on the appellant by way of posting on the front gate of the
premises.

8 According to the appellant’s affidavit filed 25 August 2015 (“the
appellant’s first affidavit”) in support of the OSB, service of the demand on
him was improper and therefore ineffectual/invalid. He claimed that he did not
receive or have notice of the demand until after the bankruptcy documents were
served on him by being wired to the gate of the premises. He pointed out a
discrepancy—the process server’s affidavit of service deposed that substituted
service was effected by posting the demand on the front door of the premises
whereas in the process server’s note exhibited to the process server’s
affidavit, he had stated that on 4 December 2015 he had posted the demand on
the letter box of the premises. In her reply affidavit filed on 15 September
2015, the respondent repeated what the process server said in his note:
namely, that service was effected on the appellant by posting on the letter
box of the premises, which the respondent deposed was a conspicuous part of
the premises.

9 In the appellant’s first affidavit, he claimed (at [4]) that he did not
receive the demand nor did he see a copy of the demand on the front door of
the premises. He exhibited a photograph of the temple showing its front door
inside the premises and the letter box on the compound’s wall. He added (at
[8]):

I am of the view that the [demand] was not posted on the front door of the
premises and neither was it posted on the letter box of the said premises.

10 Apart from the bare statement, no explanation was given by the appellant as
to why he did not receive notice of the demand. If, according to the appellant
himself, he was and is the only occupant of the temple, why did he not check
the letter box daily or regularly?

11 Reply affidavits were filed by the appellant and one Tay Thiam Chye in
response to the respondent’s reply affidavit. It is not necessary for purposes
of the appellant’s current appeal to address those affidavits as they touched
on the merits of the debt which formed the basis of the demand and the
bankruptcy petition of the respondent.

The decision

12 At this juncture, it would be appropriate to look at rr 96 and 97 of the
Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). r 96 pertaining to
service states:

(1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory demand
to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

(4) Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

…

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of an originating summons in the circumstances.

[emphasis added]

13 Rule 97 relates to applications to set aside statuary demands and the
relevant provisions read as follows:

(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the debtor who has been served with a statutory
demand may —

(a) within 14 days; or

(b) where the demand was served outside jurisdiction, within 21 days,

from the date on which the demand is served or deemed in accordance with these
Rules to be served on him, apply to court by way of originating summons for an
order setting aside the statutory demand.

…

(5) The application shall be supported by an affidavit —

(a) specifying the date on which the statutory demand came into the debtor’s
hands;

(b) stating the grounds on which the statutory demand should be set aside; and

(c) exhibiting a copy of the statutory demand.

14 As stated earlier at [9]–[10], the appellant gave no explanation why the
demand did not and/or would not have come to his notice. He failed to comply
with r 97(5)(b) of the Rules. The court was also sceptical of his contention
that he had no notice of the demand when the bankruptcy documents had in fact
come to his notice.

15 In this regard, the case of Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo (alias Chang Whe
Ming), ex parte The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 483
is instructive. There, the petitioner bank who was the judgment creditor made
several attempts to effect personal service of the requisite statutory demand
on the three judgment debtor plaintiffs. Service was made by three modes,
namely (i) by the process server leaving a copy of the demand at the address
of the debtors’ nominated forwarding agent in Singapore; (ii) by way of
advertisement in the Straits Times newspaper; and (iii) by leaving copies of
the demands at the debtors’ last known residential addresses. However, the
bankruptcy petitions were only served on the debtors’ nominated forwarding
agent. The debtors appealed to a judge against the decision of an Assistant
Registrar in granting the bankruptcy petitions and dismissing the debtors’
objections that the statutory demands had not been effectively served. In
dismissing the debtors’ appeals, the judge held inter alia (at [21]):

The essence of the service requirements under the [Bankruptcy Rules] is to
ensure that the statutory demand, bankruptcy petition and other relevant
processes are brought to the personal attention of the debtor prior to the
hearing of the petition. A bankruptcy order results in the transformation of
the legal status of the debtor and ought not to be made unless the court is
satisfied that the debtor had actual or deemed notice of the proceedings.

16 Even if the appellant did not have actual notice, he had deemed notice of
the demand as he should have but failed to check the letter box of the
premises.

17 Not surprisingly therefore, when the OSB came on for hearing in the court
below, the AR felt that there was little merit in the appellant’s application
and dismissed it with costs, noting that the letter box of the premises would
come within the meaning of a “conspicuous part” of the premises under r
96(4)(a) of the Rules set out above.

18 It was not necessary for the appellant to depose in his affidavits (and for
the respondent to respond thereto) to the circumstances of the respondent’s
loan. In this regard, s 62 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) is relevant. The material portion states:

Presumption of inability to pay debts

62\. For the purposes of a creditor’s bankruptcy application, a debtor shall,
until he proves to the contrary, be presumed to be unable to pay any debt
within the meaning of section 61(1)(c) if the debt is immediately payable and
—

(a) (i) the applicant creditor to whom the debt is owed has served on him in
the prescribed manner, a statutory demand;

(ii) at least 21 days have elapsed since the statutory demand was served; and

(iii) the debtor has neither complied with it nor applied to the court to set
it aside;

19 The appellant must discharge the burden to prove there was invalid or
defective service of the demand on him. If he had succeeded earlier in the
OSB, the merits of the respondent’s demand would become academic as the
respondent would not be able to pursue the matter by filing her creditor’s
petition against him. It is only if the appellant fails to set aside the
demand that he would have to contest the respondent’s claim on the merits –
either because the “debt” underlying the demand is disputed under s 62 of the
Act, or he is not unable to pay the “debt” under s 61(1)(c) thereof. The
respondent’s claim for $90,000 against the appellant was based on his written
acknowledgment of the debt dated 23 May 2013 witnessed by a solicitor, which
he agreed to but failed to repay within six months. The appellant should not
conflate the two issues (as he had done) by challenging the merits of the
“debt” against him in the same affidavits in which he deposed to the
reasons/circumstances why the demand should be set aside.

20 At the two Appeal hearings, counsel for the appellant repeated her client’s
error. No submissions were made on why the service of the demand was said to
be defective and/or invalid and counsel focused solely on the merits of the
underlying “debt” upon which the demand was based.

21 As I shared the AR’s views that the appellant’s application was without
merit, I similarly dismissed the Appeal with costs fixed at $2,000/- to the
respondent.

Lai Siu Chiu

Senior Judge

Remya Aravamuthan (Remya A Law Practice) for the

appellant;

Lee Chia Wen (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

