Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 29

Criminal Motion No 1 of 2015

Between

ROSLAN BIN BAKAR  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Court of Appeal] — [Power to reopen concluded
criminal appeals]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Adducing fresh evidence post-appeal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Roslan bin Bakar

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGCA 29

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 1 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang J  
30 November 2015

9 May 2016

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The applicant, Roslan bin Bakar (“the Applicant”), and his co-accused, Pausi
bin Jefridin (“Pausi”), were convicted and sentenced to death on 22 April 2010
for trafficking in drugs. They appealed to this court, and, after careful
consideration, the court dismissed their appeal on 17 March 2011. The legal
proceedings were therefore concluded. Almost four years later, on 30 January
2015, the Applicant filed Criminal Motion No 1 of 2015 (“the Present Motion”)
seeking leave to adduce new evidence and an order for a retrial to be held
based on the new evidence sought to be admitted. We heard and dismissed this
application on 30 November 2015.

2 After the delivery of our judgment in this matter, and after a draft of our
grounds of decision had already been prepared, a five-judge panel of this
court handed down its judgment in Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] SGCA
21 (“Kho Jabing”) on 5 April 2016. That was a seminal decision as it carefully
considered the issue of when the Court of Appeal may exercise its power of
review to reopen a concluded criminal appeal. In the course of arriving at its
conclusion, the court undertook a detailed examination of all the relevant
cases in this area, including the previous decision of this court in Yong Vui
Kong v Public Prosecutor [2010] 2 SLR 192 (“Yong Vui Kong”), on which we
relied in coming to our decision in the present case. Kho Jabing affirmed the
test which was set out in Yong Vui Kong and elaborated on its requirements in
detail.

3 In future, all applications for a review of a concluded criminal appeal will
undoubtedly have to be decided in line with the principles laid down in Kho
Jabing. However, we still propose to set out the detailed reasons that led us
to dismiss the Present Motion last year because it concerns a discrete and
important point in this area of the law – viz, the treatment of recantation
evidence in applications for review – which we thought would benefit from
appellate discussion. In a separate coda to these grounds, we will explain why
our decision in the present case and the principles which we applied in
reaching it are wholly consistent with the principles which were subsequently
articulated in Kho Jabing.

Background

4 In 2010, the Applicant and Pausi were jointly tried on two charges of
trafficking in controlled drugs under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). At that time, because of the quantity of
drugs involved, these offences carried the mandatory death penalty. A number
of witnesses were called in the course of the Prosecution’s case, including
Nuradaha Putra bin Nordin (“Nuradaha”), Norzainy bin Zainal (“Norzainy”), and
Mohamed Zamri bin Mohamed Sopri (“Zamri”), all of whom were found to have been
involved in the drug transaction which formed the subject matter of the
charges. The trial judge (“the Judge”) convicted the Applicant and Pausi of
both charges and sentenced them to suffer death. His judgment is reported as
Public Prosecutor v Pausi bin Jefridin and another [2010] SGHC 121 (“Roslan
(trial)”).

The decisions of the High Court and the Court of Appeal

5 The Judge found that on 14 June 2008, the day of the offence, the Applicant,
Nuradaha, Zamri, and Norzainy met at a coffee shop at Lengkok Bahru before
proceeding, on the Applicant’s instructions, in two separate vehicles
(Nuradaha with Zamri in one; the Applicant with Norzainy in the other) to
Marsiling MRT Station. There, they were joined by Pausi, who was waiting in a
third car. Together, the five men proceeded to a car park in Choa Chu Kang
where the drug transaction was to take place. At the car park, Nuradaha
alighted from his vehicle and retrieved a bag containing the drugs from the
rear passenger seat of Pausi’s car, before walking back to the car he
(Nuradaha) was travelling in and placing the bag on the front passenger seat.
Following that, Zamri and Nuradaha drove off. The Applicant was present
throughout this process, even though he did not physically handle the drugs in
question. Officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) arrested everyone
(save for the Applicant, who went into hiding) on the same day. The Applicant
was only arrested more than a month later on 18 July 2008.

6 During the trial, the Applicant’s sole defence was that of alibi (see Roslan
(trial) at [6]). He claimed that at all material times, he was neither at the
coffee shop at Lengkok Bahru nor at the car park in Choa Chu Kang. In support
of his defence of alibi, the Applicant claimed that there was a conspiracy on
the part of the others to falsely implicate him in the drug transaction, and
that “he was named only because the others wanted to frame him” (likewise at
[6]). The Applicant’s mother, Medah bte Dollah, and stepbrother, Shamsubari
bin Jaafar, were called to give evidence on his behalf.

7 The Judge rejected the defence of alibi as he assessed the evidence of the
Applicant’s mother and stepbrother to be unreliable. He also rejected the
notion that there was any conspiracy to falsely implicate the Applicant,
finding that there was no credible evidence of any motive for the other
arrested persons to so conspire. Critically, the Judge noted that Pausi – who
testified that he had been at the car park in Choa Chu Kang at the material
time to collect a sum of money from the Applicant – must have been telling the
truth on this. Pausi’s defence at the trial was that he had been at that car
park only to collect a debt from the Applicant on the instructions of one
Bobby, and not to deal in drugs. While the Judge ultimately rejected Pausi’s
defence that he had no knowledge of the drug transaction in question, he found
that Pausi must have been telling the truth when he testified that the
Applicant had been at the scene of the offence. The Judge noted that, quite
apart from the fact that this was consistent with the evidence which had been
presented, it would have been “wildly imaginative and self-defeating for Pausi
to say that he was at the scene of the crime with someone who was not there”
(see Roslan (trial) at [6]).

8 Both the Applicant and Pausi appealed against the decision of the Judge. On
appeal, the Applicant maintained his defence of alibi, which remained his only
defence. On 17 March 2011, the Court of Appeal heard and dismissed their
appeal without issuing written grounds of decision.

The Present Motion

9 In 2012, Parliament passed the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 30
of 2012) (“the Amendment Act”), which permitted convicted drug traffickers
facing capital sentences to be reconsidered for a term of life imprisonment
and caning in lieu of a sentence of death. Pursuant to s 27(6) of the
Amendment Act read with s 33B of the MDA, two cumulative conditions had to be
satisfied in order for the Applicant to qualify for a reduced sentence. First,
the Applicant had to prove on a balance of probabilities that he was only a
“courier” (ie, that his involvement in the offence of drug trafficking was
restricted only to the transportation, sending, or delivery of drugs). Second,
the court had to be satisfied either that: (a) the Public Prosecutor had
certified that the Applicant had “substantively assisted” the CNB in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore; or that
(b) the Applicant was suffering from “such abnormality of mind … as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility” for the commission of the
offence.

10 On 19 March 2014, the Applicant and Pausi were informed during a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”) that they would not be issued with certificates of
substantive assistance, and that the Public Prosecutor, the respondent in the
Present Motion (“the Respondent”), would be contesting any submission that
they were suffering from an abnormality of mind at the time of the offence. On
30 April 2014, the Applicant’s counsel, Mr Kertar Singh (“Mr Singh”), informed
the court during a further PTC that new evidence had emerged to the effect
that while the Applicant was indeed present at the scene of the offence on the
day in question (contrary to his position at the trial and on appeal), he had
taken no part in the drug transaction and had merely been there to accompany
Norzainy, who had promised to give him some drugs for consumption.

11 On 30 January 2015, the Applicant filed the Present Motion seeking “leave
to adduce fresh/new evidence to the effect that there was a conspiracy by the
other arrested accused persons to falsely push the blame to him”, and an order
for a retrial of the case following the grant of leave to adduce the
“fresh/new evidence”. The evidence that the Applicant wanted to adduce was a
handwritten statement signed by Pausi dated 16 May 2013 (“the handwritten
statement”) which read as follows:

I, Pausi Bin Jefridin would like to say the following:–

1) At the time of the transaction [Nuradaha] came to my car and took the drugs
from my car directly.

2) Whilst we were in the lock-up after the arrest, one Yusof Kassim @ Kimo
told us ([Nuradaha], Norzainy @ Jack, Zamri, Yusof @ Kimo and myself) to push
the blame to [the Applicant] since he was not arrested[.]

3) [The Applicant] was in fact not involved in the transaction[.]

4) I make this statement voluntarily in the presence of my solicitor Mr Chung
Ting Fai.

12 The handwritten statement was expressed to have been recorded at Changi
Prison with the assistance of the Applicant’s counsel, Mr Singh, who served as
the interpreter and who also signed the document and dated it 16 May 2013. The
handwritten statement was subsequently exhibited in an affidavit which the
Applicant affirmed on 26 January 2015 in support of the Present Motion (the
Applicant’s “first affidavit”). In that affidavit, the Applicant explained
that Pausi had approached him sometime in May 2013 while they were in the yard
of Changi Prison, and had told him that he “had decided to come clean” and
would inform the CNB that the Applicant had not been involved in the act of
drug trafficking for which they had both been convicted. The Applicant also
said that Pausi had told him that the other persons who had been arrested –
ie, Pausi himself, Nuradaha, Norzainy, Zamri, and one Mohamad Yusof bin Kasim
(“Kimo”) – had conspired to falsely implicate him in the offence.

The subsequent affidavits

13 Subsequently, a series of letters were exchanged between the Applicant’s
solicitors, M/s Kertar & Co, and the Respondent, in which the latter sought to
clarify the precise circumstances which led to the recording of the
handwritten statement. The Applicant then affirmed a second affidavit on 21
August 2015 (the Applicant’s “second affidavit”) in which he clarified that
Pausi had told him of his intention to tell the truth on two occasions. The
first was “sometime in December 2012 or January 2013”, when Pausi said that he
would be “unfolding the truth to the CNB”. The second was “sometime in
February or March 2013”, when Pausi told him that “all [the] others arrested,
including Yusof Kassim @ Kimo … had conspired to falsely push the entire
criminal liability to [him] since [he] was the only one not arrested together
with them, and it was convenient to do so”.

14 In response, ASP Chee Tuck Seng (“ASP Chee”), the investigating officer who
had the conduct of the Applicant’s case at the time of the trial, and ASP
Lawrence Seow Kian Peng (“ASP Seow”), the investigating officer who had the
conduct of the Applicant’s case at the time the Present Motion was brought,
both filed affidavits to respond to some of the matters raised by the
Applicant. ASP Seow averred that the CNB became aware of the existence of the
handwritten statement only on 3 February 2015, when it was informed that the
Applicant had filed the Present Motion. In his affidavit, ASP Seow exhibited
three pieces of correspondence which had been received by the Respondent and
the CNB in the months of May and June 2014:

(a) The first was a letter dated 27 May 2014 from M/s Kertar & Co to the
Respondent. The salient portions of the letter read:

We are instructed that there is fresh evidence in the case, in the form of a
statement from the co-accused, [Pausi] exculpating our client.

We understand that the CNB is aware of the same as [Pausi] has given them the
exculpatory statement as well.

As such we have instructions to apply for criminal revision inter alia for
admission of fresh evidence and a re-trial.

We are in the process of taking further instructions.

The aforesaid is for your information and record.

ASP Seow stated in his affidavit that, “[t]o the best of [his] knowledge”: (i)
the CNB was in fact not aware of the existence of the aforesaid “fresh
evidence” as at 27 May 2014; (ii) Pausi did not at any point in time provide
the CNB with any statement exculpating the Applicant; and (iii) similarly, the
Applicant never informed the CNB about the existence of any “fresh evidence”
or “exculpatory statement” by Pausi.

(b) The second piece of correspondence was a short letter written by Pausi
from Changi Prison dated 13 June 2014 and addressed to ASP Seow. It read,
simply, “I recall something important I wish to share with your [sic]. Can
your [sic] please come down here.”

(c) The third piece of correspondence was a letter from ASP Seow to Mr Chung
Ting Fai (“Mr Chung”), Pausi’s counsel, dated 23 June 2014 seeking
clarification on the purpose of the intended meeting mentioned in Pausi’s
letter of 13 June 2014. ASP Seow testified that he had not written to Pausi
directly as Pausi was represented. It appeared that no response was received,
and so no further action was taken on the matter until the filing of the
Present Motion. ASP Seow averred that neither the CNB nor the Respondent was
aware of the existence of the handwritten statement until the Present Motion
was filed.

15 On 8 October 2015, the Applicant affirmed a third affidavit (the
Applicant’s “third affidavit”) in which he continued to maintain that Pausi
had told him that he had “revealed the truth” to a CNB officer sometime in
March 2013. On his part, the Applicant averred that he had continued to
maintain his innocence, and had also informed one IO Chan Joo Jin (“IO Chan”),
when the latter interviewed him, that the other arrested persons had “played
[him] out” and that he was in fact innocent.

16 On the same day (viz, 8 October 2015), Pausi affirmed an affidavit in
support of the Present Motion as well. He began by confirming the veracity of
the contents of the handwritten statement before proceeding to explain that he
had already told ASP Seow on 1 March 2013, when the latter interviewed him to
ascertain whether he could assist the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking
activities, that the Applicant had been framed. He said that he felt
“relieved” after he had done so, and had stopped by the Applicant’s cell on
his way back to his own to inform the Applicant of this. Pausi explained that
his letter of 13 June 2014 to the CNB “had nothing to do with the conspiracy
involving [the Applicant]”, which he had already made a clean breast of. In
addition, Pausi also gave details of when, where, and how the alleged
conspiracy to falsely implicate the Applicant came to be formed.

The new narrative of events in the Applicant’s and Pausi’s affidavits

17 As can be seen, the Applicant gave differing accounts of how he came to
know about Pausi’s plan to “come clean”. His reasons for doing so will become
apparent as the facts are unpacked. For present purposes, however, we shall
focus on the new narrative of events as they were presented in the Applicant’s
and Pausi’s affidavits. In essence, both the Applicant and Pausi claimed that
they had lied at the trial and on appeal. The “truth”, they asserted, was that
even though the Applicant had been present at the scene of the offence at the
material time, he had not played any role in the drug transaction which formed
the basis of their convictions.

The Applicant’s account

18 In his first affidavit, the Applicant admitted that his defence of alibi –
his sole defence both at the trial and on appeal – was entirely false. His
evidence, in essence, was that he was “just a drug consumer and not a
trafficker” who had been caught in the wrong place at the wrong time.
According to the Applicant, he usually obtained his weekly dose of
methamphetamine from Kimo’s runners, Norzainy and Nuradaha. On the day of the
offence, he met Norzainy and was told to accompany him in his car, where he
(the Applicant) would receive the methamphetamine which he had ordered. The
Applicant said that he agreed only because he was not in a rush and was hoping
to get a lift. That was how he came to be present at the car park in Choa Chu
Kang. However, he clarified, he had no part to play in the drug transaction in
question. He further averred that after leaving the car park, Norzainy drove
him to a betting centre in Bukit Merah and sold him his weekly dose of
methamphetamine there.

19 The Applicant also explained that he felt compelled to lie because he did
not think the investigating officer would have believed his account, viz, that
he had been present at the scene of the offence, but had not been involved in
the drug transaction. Elaborating, he said that when he was interviewed after
his arrest in 2008, the investigating officer had placed photographs of
Nuradaha, Zamri, Norzainy, Pausi, and Kimo before him, and had told him that
all of them had given statements identifying him as the head of the drug
syndicate. As a result, the Applicant claimed, he “felt trapped by the
statements” and, while in a state of “fear and shock”, decided to lie. He
added that once he had taken that position during the investigations, he was
unable to go back on it for fear that if he told the truth, he would not be
believed and his statements would instead be used against him.

20 In his third affidavit, the Applicant added to this account by explaining
that a female interpreter who had been present when he was shown the
photographs of the other arrested persons had told him (in the Malay language)
“kau megakan sudah lah”, which he understood to mean “you just confess”. In
response, he had protested (also in the Malay language) “ini nyawa aku”,
which, he explained, meant “this is my life”. He also deposed that ASP Chee
had specifically informed him that the other arrested persons had all given
statements to the effect that the drugs in question belonged to him and that
he was the head of the drug syndicate. As mentioned earlier at [15] above, the
Applicant further averred that he subsequently informed IO Chan of how the
other arrested persons had “played [him] out” when IO Chan interviewed him
(the date of this interview with IO Chan was not given in the affidavit, but
according to IO Chan it took place in January 2013: at [22] below). According
to the Applicant, IO Chan had initially been reluctant to write that down as
he said that the interview was “only for the purpose of seeking cooperation
from [him]”. However, IO Chan eventually relented and wrote down what he said
in a one-page statement, which he then signed.

21 In reply, ASP Chee, who was in charge of recording all the investigation
statements from the Applicant, deposed that he had shown the Applicant the
photographs of the other arrested persons in order to apprise him of the
allegations made against him and to give him a chance to respond to them. He
explained that this was standard investigative practice as allegations had to
be put to a suspect in order that he might respond to them if he wished. ASP
Chee clarified that he had always “kept an open mind” about the Applicant’s
involvement in the offence, and denied having conducted himself in any way
that might have suggested that he would have disbelieved the Applicant if the
latter had said that he had been present at the scene of the offence but had
not been involved in the drug transaction in question. ASP Chee also stated
that the Applicant never made any protest during the statement recording
process, and that there was certainly nothing along the lines of what,
according to the Applicant, had happened before the female interpreter (see
[20] above). In addition, ASP Chee clarified that he never told the Applicant
that the other arrested persons had singled him out as the head of the drug
syndicate as he would not have had any basis for making such a statement at
the time.

22 IO Chan likewise filed an affidavit to refute the allegations made in the
Applicant’s third affidavit. He explained that he had interviewed the
Applicant on 18 January 2013 to determine whether the Applicant would be able
to provide the CNB with information which would be useful in disrupting drug
trafficking activities either in Singapore or overseas, and whether the
Applicant wished to go for a psychiatric assessment. He categorically denied
having refused to record anything that the Applicant had said at that
interview.

Pausi’s account

23 Like the Applicant, Pausi, in his affidavit of 8 October 2015, admitted to
having lied at the trial and on appeal. He claimed that the sum of money found
on him at the time of his arrest, which he had previously testified to be
money collected from the Applicant, actually belonged to him. The “truth”,
according to Pausi, was that he was helping Bobby, a drug supplier in
Malaysia, to deliver drugs to Nuradaha, who was to collect them on Kimo’s
behalf. Pausi claimed that he did not know and had never met the Applicant
before he was arrested. This was markedly different from his evidence at the
trial, where he had testified that he had been instructed by Bobby to collect
a sum of money from the Applicant (see [5] of Roslan (trial) and also [7]
above). Pausi explained in his affidavit that he had lied because he “wanted
to create a defence which could exculpate [himself]”.

24 The “conspiracy” to falsely implicate the Applicant, according to Pausi,
was masterminded by Kimo, who told Nuradaha, Zamri, Norzainy, and Pausi to
push the blame to the Applicant as he had not been arrested together with the
rest of them. Kimo first told them to do so on the day of their arrest (viz,
14 June 2008) while they were in the lock-up at the Police Cantonment Complex.
Pausi claimed that Kimo did not give specific instructions on how they should
tailor their evidence to frame the Applicant, save to say that the blame
should be pushed to the Applicant. The next day, the five of them were brought
to the Subordinate Courts (now known as the State Courts). While waiting to be
brought up to court, they were placed in the same cell. On that occasion, Kimo
reiterated that they were to identify the Applicant as the person responsible
for the drug transaction in question, but once again did not go into any
specific detail as to how they were to shape their evidence to that effect.
Pausi explained in the penultimate paragraph of his affidavit that he went
along with this plan because his primary concern then was to “save [himself]
by pushing the blame to [the Applicant]”.

25 Pausi explained that after his appeal was dismissed, he wanted to tell the
truth, but “did not know how to do so”. An opportunity arose when ASP Seow of
the CNB interviewed him on 1 March 2013 to determine whether he would be able
to substantively assist the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities.
Pausi claimed that during that interview, he informed ASP Seow that the
Applicant was innocent; he could not, however, recall whether ASP Seow wrote
down all that he said. Pausi explained in the last two paragraphs of his
affidavit that “having been sentenced to death, [he was] no longer afraid of
the consequences of telling the truth as opposed to when the trial was
ongoing”, and that his “only motive” was to “clear [his] conscience as [he
was] unable to live with the guilt of having falsely implicated [the
Applicant]”.

26 In response, ASP Seow filed a second affidavit dated 9 November 2015
wherein he categorically denied that Pausi had told him of the existence of a
conspiracy to frame the Applicant. He deposed that if Pausi had told him
anything of that sort, he would have recorded it in the statement taken from
Pausi on that occasion. He ended his affidavit with an averment that, to the
best of his knowledge, neither Pausi nor the Applicant had ever told the CNB,
prior to the filing of the Present Motion, of any of the information that was
eventually set out in the handwritten statement.

Our decision

27 Simply put, what the Applicant sought in the Present Motion was for this
court to set aside his conviction and sentence, and to remit his case to the
High Court for a retrial on the ground that there was “fresh/new evidence” in
the light of which his conviction should be considered afresh. Critically, he
contended that the material referred to in the handwritten statement and in
the affidavits filed after the commencement of the Present Motion had changed
the evidential landscape by addressing the Judge’s central concern with the
conspiracy theory, which was that there was no credible motive for the other
arrested persons to conspire to falsely implicate him.

28 Thus framed, the critical issue before us was whether this court could
reconsider the merits of a concluded criminal appeal, and, for that purpose,
take cognisance of further material presented post-appeal. Before we turn to
explain our decision on the merits of the Present Motion, there is one
preliminary point which we wish to make. Strictly speaking, the only piece of
“fresh/new evidence” which the Applicant sought to admit via this motion was
the handwritten statement. However, it was clear to us that all the
information contained in the affidavits filed after the Present Motion was
brought (particularly that contained in Pausi’s affidavit of 8 October 2015)
was vital to this application. For that reason, we proceeded on the basis that
all this new information formed the subject matter of the Present Motion as
well. We shall hereafter refer to this new information and the handwritten
statement collectively as “the new narrative”.

The admission of new evidence after the disposal of an appeal

29 The Applicant proceeded on the basis that the tripartite conditions set out
in the English Court of Appeal decision of Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 748
(“Ladd”) governed his application for leave to admit the new narrative.
However, as we intimated at the hearing, Ladd concerned the admission of fresh
evidence on appeal. In the present case, the Applicant’s appeal against his
conviction had already been heard and dismissed. Therefore, the reference to
Ladd was not perfectly apposite. Instead, we agreed with the Prosecution that
the Present Motion would fall to be decided based on the principles
articulated in a series of cases commencing with the decision of this court in
Abdullah bin A Rahman v Public Prosecutor [1994] 2 SLR(R) 1017 (“Abdullah”).

30 In Abdullah, the applicant (“Abdullah”) and one Awang were charged with and
jointly tried for abetting one Rashid in drug trafficking. Abdullah and Rashid
were convicted and sentenced to death, while Awang was acquitted. Abdullah’s
and Rashid’s respective appeals against their convictions were dismissed.
Three days before his scheduled execution, Rashid purportedly told Abdullah
that the statements which he had made to the investigating officer as well as
the testimony which he had given in court were a “total fabrication” (see
Abdullah at [2]). Abdullah then applied for leave to adduce Rashid’s
retraction as fresh evidence. The application was rejected by the Court of
Appeal as it held that it had no jurisdiction to reopen a concluded appeal in
order to receive fresh evidence. The court observed that once it had heard and
disposed of an appeal, it was functus officio. Therefore, in the absence of a
specific statutory provision affording the court the jurisdiction to admit
fresh evidence after hearing and disposing of an appeal, the court could not
reopen the appeal. For this reason, the court dismissed Abdullah’s application
in limine and did not turn to consider its merits.

31 In the subsequent decision of this court in Yong Vui Kong, Chan Sek Keong
CJ, delivering the grounds of decision of the court, drew a distinction
between, on the one hand, “a true case of new evidence having come to light
after judgment” and, on the other hand, “a case where the principal convicted
offender apparently changed his mind in a last-minute attempt to help his
accomplice” (at [12]). Chan CJ placed Abdullah in the latter category. He
expressed the view that in “an actual situation where new evidence is
discovered”, this court would have to consider whether it had the jurisdiction
to admit the new evidence in question and review its earlier decision in order
to correct any miscarriage of justice (at [13]). Given the centrality of the
court’s comments, we reproduce the relevant paragraphs of the court’s judgment
(at [15]–[16]) in extenso:

15 We note also that the main justifications of these cases [ie, the cases
discussed at [7]–[12] of Yong Vui Kong], that the court is functus after it
has delivered judgment on the case, rest on the public interest in having
finality of litigation and the absence of an express provision in the SCJA
[viz, the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)] to empower
the court to review its decisions. The first justification is bolstered by the
fear of abuse of the judicial process and the floodgates argument (an argument
which was also made to the [High Court judge] in this case). In our view, the
finality principle should not be applied strictly in criminal cases where the
life or liberty of the accused is at stake as it would subvert the true value
of the judicial process, which is to ensure, as far as possible, that the
guilty are convicted and the innocent are acquitted. The floodgates argument
should not be allowed to wash away both the guilty and the innocent. Suppose,
in a case where the appellate court dismisses an appeal against conviction and
the next day the appellant manages to discover some evidence or a line of
authorities that show that he has been wrongly convicted, is the court to say
that it is functus and, therefore, the appellant should look to the Executive
for a pardon or a clemency? In circumstances where there is sufficient
material on which the court can say that there has been a miscarriage of
justice, this court should be able to correct such mistakes.

16 Another argument which this court should take into account (but which has
never been addressed to the court), is that Art 93 of the Constitution [of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)] vests the judicial power of
Singapore in the Supreme Court. The judicial power is exercisable only where
the court has jurisdiction, but where the SCJA does not expressly state when
its jurisdiction in a criminal appeal ends, there is no reason for this court
to circumscribe its own jurisdiction to render itself incapable of correcting
a miscarriage of justice at any time. We have not heard the Public Prosecutor
on this point, and it will be necessary to do so in an appropriate case in the
future.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

32 Two important points can be gleaned from the paragraphs cited above. First,
the court in Yong Vui Kong did not (unlike the court in Abdullah) think that
there was any need for there to be a specific statutory provision empowering
it to receive new evidence after an appeal had been heard and concluded before
it could admit such new evidence. It observed that the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 332, 2007 Rev Ed), which governs the Court of Appeal’s
criminal appellate jurisdiction, did not state when the court’s jurisdiction
was exhausted, and that there was therefore no reason for the court to
“circumscribe its own jurisdiction to render itself incapable of correcting a
miscarriage of justice” (at [16]). Second, the court in Yong Vui Kong
envisaged that an application to reopen a concluded criminal appeal would
succeed only where there was new material – be it in the way of “evidence or a
line of authorities” – which constituted “sufficient material on which the
court can say that there has been a miscarriage of justice” (at [15]).

33 Following Yong Vui Kong, this court reconsidered the substantive merits of
a concluded criminal appeal in three decisions: Ramalingam Ravinthran v
Attorney-General [2012] 2 SLR 49, Yong Vui Kong v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2
SLR 872, and Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 563. However, none
of these cases involved applications for leave to admit new factual evidence
after the disposal of a criminal appeal. Instead, they all concerned
applications for leave to submit, post-appeal, new legal arguments (all of
which concerned fundamental liberties guaranteed under the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)) that had not been canvassed
in the court below. In each of these cases, the court considered the merits of
the new legal arguments presented, but held that they did not throw sufficient
doubt on the legality of the convictions which had been entered.

34 In the light of the foregoing, we agreed with the parties that the position
in the authorities appeared to be that this court did have the inherent
jurisdiction to reopen a concluded criminal appeal to receive further
evidence. However, we accepted the Respondent’s submission that this power of
review would not be readily exercised. It seemed to us that the position was,
instead, that this power would only rarely be exercised. We noted that during
the hearing in Yong Vui Kong, Chan CJ appeared to contemplate that in order to
warrant the exercise of this power, the evidence in question had to be
“sufficient” to show there had been a “miscarriage of justice” (at [15]; also
reproduced above at [31]).

Can recantation evidence be relied on as a basis for reopening a concluded
criminal appeal?

35 The Applicant based the whole of the Present Motion on the premise that the
evidence sought to be admitted – viz, the new narrative – was new. In one
sense, it was. Before the filing of the Present Motion, Pausi had never given
evidence exonerating the Applicant. For that reason, the handwritten statement
by Pausi, his affidavit of 8 October 2015, and the other material contained in
the new narrative had plainly never been considered either at first instance
or on appeal. However, in another sense, Pausi’s recantation evidence, which
formed the core of the new narrative, was not “new” because it came from a
witness who had already taken the stand and given his evidence of what had
taken place at the material time. The only difference was that this witness
now sought to resile from what he had previously said and to give an
alternative account of the events. Put more precisely, the content of Pausi’s
recantation evidence was new, but the source of the information was not. This
gave rise to the following question: could the evidence of a recanting witness
ever form the subject matter of an application to reopen a concluded criminal
appeal?

36 This court in Yong Vui Kong did not appear to think so. It commented that
Abdullah could not be considered “a true case of new evidence having come to
light after judgment” [emphasis added] (at [12]). In order to understand why
this court made that remark, the facts of Abdullah must be examined more
closely. During the investigations in that case, Rashid had given three
statements implicating Abdullah in the act of drug trafficking, and he had
repeated the contents of those statements in his oral testimony at the trial.
Based on this and other evidence, Abdullah was convicted. On appeal, Abdullah
argued that the trial court had erred in relying on Rashid’s evidence to
convict him since the court, having rejected Rashid’s defence, ought not to
have placed any weight on those portions of Rashid’s testimony which
incriminated him (see Abdul Rashid bin Mohamed and another v Public Prosecutor
[1993] 3 SLR(R) 656 (“Abdul Rashid”) at [23]).

37 Abdullah’s argument, which was based on what is historically known as the
doctrine of falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus (“false in one thing, false in
everything”), was rejected by the Court of Appeal. The court held that there
was no rule of law that if a witness lied in one respect, his evidence must be
rejected in toto. The court observed that the trial judge had been alive to
the dangers of relying on Rashid’s testimony to convict Abdullah (see Abdul
Rashid at [44]), but had been satisfied, after comparing Rashid’s account of
the events with the rest of the direct and circumstantial evidence, that
Rashid had been telling the truth when he implicated Abdullah but exonerated
Awang. After examining the evidence itself, the Court of Appeal likewise held
that Abdullah’s guilt had been proved beyond a reasonable doubt (at [59]).

38 When viewed in this light, Abdullah’s subsequent application (in Abdullah)
for leave to admit Rashid’s recantation evidence as fresh evidence was an
exercise in futility. Even if the Court of Appeal had allowed Abdullah’s
application and received the evidence in question as fresh evidence, the
outcome of his appeal (in Abdul Rashid) would not have changed. The court
which heard Abdullah’s appeal had already held that there was sufficient
evidence, quite apart from Rashid’s (original) testimony implicating him, to
sustain his conviction. Viewed in this light, Rashid’s retraction did not
change anything because it did not offer any alternative explanation for the
rest of the evidence which pointed to Abdullah’s involvement in the drug
transaction concerned and which had already been held to be sufficient to
sustain his conviction for drug trafficking.

39 In the circumstances, we could well understand what Chan CJ meant when he
stated in Yong Vui Kong that Abdullah was “not a true case of new evidence
having come to light after judgment” (at [12]). Abdullah was far removed from
a case where the fresh evidence sought to be admitted raised any doubts about
the correctness of the outcome which had been reached on appeal – ie, it fell
far short of showing that there had been a “miscarriage of justice”. It was
therefore “unsurprising that the Court of Appeal was not receptive to
[Abdullah’s] application” [emphasis added] (see likewise Yong Vui Kong at
[12]). However, we did not think that Chan CJ meant to say that recantation
evidence could never form the basis of an application to reopen a concluded
criminal appeal.

40 We thought that this point was brought out in the contrast which Chan CJ
drew between what he called “a true case of new evidence having come to light
after judgment” on the one hand and “a case where the principal convicted
offender apparently changed his mind in a last-minute attempt to help his
accomplice” on the other (see Yong Vui Kong at [12]; also reproduced above at
[31]). The real distinction between these two categories of cases, it seemed
to us, lay in the reliability of the “new evidence” in question. This much was
clear at [13]–[14] of Yong Vui Kong, where Chan CJ gave an example of what he
had in mind by “a true case of new evidence having come to light after
judgment” when he described that scenario as “an actual situation where new
evidence is discovered”:

13 … [W]e do not think that these cases should be accorded a status of
finality and immutability such that a future court should not reconsider the
rationale of those decisions where we have an actual situation where new
evidence is discovered, eg, DNA or other evidence, which shows, or may show,
that the conviction is demonstrably wrong in law or that there is a reasonable
doubt that the conviction was wrong. In such a case, this court will have to
consider or reconsider whether it has any inherent jurisdiction to review its
own decisions in order to correct any miscarriage of justice.

14 It is not uncommon in other jurisdictions, such as the United States, for
new exculpatory evidence to be discovered, eg, DNA evidence which can show
almost conclusively that the blood found at the scene of the crime or on the
body of the deceased (in murder cases) was not that of the accused. There may
be other types of evidence which could have the same effect, eg, new
documentary evidence which was not discovered during the trial or the appeal.
In such cases, it would be in the interest of justice that the court should
have the power to correct the mistake, rather than rely on the Executive to
correct what is essentially an error in the judicial process. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

41 When viewed in this light, it seemed to us that the objection to
recantation evidence was not so much the fact that the evidence was not “new”
per se, but that it was usually insufficient to establish that a miscarriage
of justice had been occasioned. There would usually be two reasons for this.
The first is the problem of adequacy. Oftentimes, the recantation of one
witness alone cannot change the outcome, particularly where the accused
person’s conviction is sustained on the back of multiple threads of evidence.
This (as we have already noted) was the situation in Abdullah. The second is
the problem of reliability. By its very nature, recantation evidence is
inherently suspect. As the Virginia Supreme Court put it in Alex J Carpitcher
v Commonwealth of Virginia 641 SE2d 486 (2007) at 492, “recantation evidence
is generally questionable in character and is widely viewed by courts with
suspicion because of the obvious opportunities and temptations for fraud”.
This is an extremely important point, and the courts must be astute to dismiss
bare applications which in fact constitute an abuse of the process of the
court (see also below at [47]).

42 In the final analysis, much will turn on the facts of each case. It depends
on who is recanting (eg, a co-accused person, a prosecution witness, etc) and
for what reason. This also appears to be the position taken in Australia,
where the evidence of a recanting witness may be received as “fresh evidence”,
although with the very important caveat that anxious scrutiny must be given to
such evidence because of the dangers associated with its use (see, eg, the
decision of the Full Court of the Supreme Court of South Australia in R v
Keogh (No 2) [2014] SASCFC 136 at [164]–[166] and the decision of the Court of
Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria in The Queen v AHK [2001] VSCA 220 at
[9]). In the light of the above analysis, we were prepared (in fairness to the
Applicant) to assume that the new narrative constituted “new” evidence and
could, in principle, be admitted into evidence provided that it was
“sufficient” to demonstrate that there had been a “miscarriage of justice”.

An evaluation of the new narrative

43 After carefully considering the facts and the circumstances in their
totality, we came to the view that the new narrative did not sufficiently
establish that a miscarriage of justice had been occasioned. We propose to
explain our decision in two (related) parts. First, we shall explain why we
thought the new narrative was unreliable and should not be admitted into
evidence. Second, we shall explain why, even if the new narrative were
admitted, it would not have been adequate to demonstrate that the Applicant
had been wrongly convicted. Before doing so, however, we shall first outline
the courts’ general approach to the admission of recantation evidence since
the new narrative stemmed, in essence, from Pausi’s retraction (via, to begin
with, the handwritten statement) of the evidence which he had earlier given at
the trial.

The general approach to the admission of recantation evidence

44 As a general rule of thumb, the evidence given by a recanting witness
cannot, without more, be regarded as sufficiently reliable to be admitted into
evidence unless it is substantiated by other objective evidence. It is worth
noting that the examples given by Chan CJ in Yong Vui Kong of new material
emerging post-appeal related to material of an objective character: eg, DNA
evidence, documentary evidence, or a new line of authorities (at [13]; also
reproduced above at [40]). Evidence from witnesses (particularly co-accused
persons) who have already taken the stand and who now seek to resile from
their earlier testimony would almost never pass muster if it merely consists
of only a bare denial or a stark disavowal of the earlier testimony. It seemed
to us that the court would have to be satisfied that there was some “good
reason” why the witness might have lied earlier on before it could conclude
that the evidence concerned should be admitted (see Ladd at 748). Such “good
reason” might comprise, for example, convincing evidence that the witness had
been suborned, or some other cogent and compelling narrative for the witness’s
about-turn in testimony.

45 In this regard, we found the Singapore High Court decision of Low Khoon Hai
v Public Prosecutor [1996] 1 SLR(R) 958 (“Low Khoon Hai”), which the
Respondent cited, instructive. The appellant in that case was charged with
abetting robbery with hurt by conspiracy. His defence at the trial was one of
bare denial – he claimed that he had not been involved in the offence at all.
He was convicted based on the evidence of his accomplice, Teh, who had already
been convicted and sentenced by then (Teh had earlier pleaded guilty to the
charge against him). The trial judge accepted Teh’s evidence and found that
his evidence on the appellant’s involvement was in no way self-serving. After
the appellant’s conviction, Teh purportedly gave a handwritten note to the
appellant confessing that he had lied and fabricated evidence at the
appellant’s trial. The appellant filed an appeal and applied for leave to
adduce fresh evidence (in the form of Teh’s change in evidence). Yong Pung How
CJ dismissed the application as well as the appeal.

46 In explaining the reasons for his decision, Yong CJ began by noting that as
a general rule, a “confessed liar” could not be regarded as a credible witness
(at [18]). In particular, the court would have to exercise additional caution
if the witness in question had been involved in the offence and had taken the
stand as a prosecution witness. It would be “all too easy”, Yong CJ observed,
for a convicted criminal who had testified against his accomplice to turn
around after the latter’s conviction and admit to having lied at the trial in
an attempt to get the latter off on appeal (likewise at [18]). The “whole
matrix of evidence” must be considered in order to determine whether the
evidence sought to be adduced was credible (also at [18]). On the facts, Yong
CJ held that there were three points which cast serious doubts on the
credibility of Teh’s retraction:

(a) First, Teh had implicated the appellant from the outset, and the statement
of facts which he had admitted to had likewise incriminated the appellant. Teh
had been represented at all times, and before pleading guilty, he had
instructed his counsel to make representations to the Prosecution to the
effect that he would cooperate fully by giving full particulars of the offence
if the charge against him were reduced. In addition, Teh’s counsel had been
present when he pleaded guilty in court, and he had been fully aware of the
consequences of his plea. These factors flew in the face of the appellant’s
assertion that Teh had been coerced by the police into implicating him (at
[19]).

(b) Second, the allegations that Teh had been suborned were weak. There was no
convincing reason why the police might have wanted to frame the appellant, and
the appellant’s argument that undue pressure had been placed on Teh to falsely
implicate him was convincingly refuted by police officers who swore affidavits
averring that nothing of that sort had taken place (at [20]).

(c) Third, Teh’s account of the appellant’s involvement in the offence was of
such considerable detail that it could not have been made up. Teh had, on six
different occasions and to three different police officers, consistently
maintained his evidence that the appellant had been involved. This cohered
with the evidence which Teh gave at the trial. Teh was also cross-examined at
great length during the trial, and his evidence was scrutinised by the trial
judge, who was convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that his testimony was true
(at [20]–[21]).

47 Even though Low Khoon Hai was a case concerning a witness who tried to
change his evidence on appeal, we think that the principles articulated there
would apply, a fortiori, in a case where the change in evidence occurs after
the appeal has been heard and concluded. We think it is of the first
importance to reiterate the critical point, made earlier at [41] above, that
the courts must be astute to dismiss bare applications which are based on the
unreliable testimony of witnesses who seek to retract their earlier testimony.
Such bare applications, far from being sufficient to establish a miscarriage
of justice, would usually demonstrate the precise opposite. They constitute
opportunistic attempts to reverse convictions which undermine the principle of
finality, and therefore constitute an abuse of the process of the court.

The new narrative was unreliable

48 Applying the above principles to the Present Motion, we found that there
were four reasons why the new narrative ought to be rejected as being
unreliable.

49 First, we did not think that Pausi had given a sufficiently good reason as
to why he had (so he claimed) lied at first instance. Pausi’s evidence before
and during the trial was clear and consistent – he had been told by Bobby to
collect a sum of money from the Applicant, and he had done as instructed. We
could see no cogent or reasonable explanation for Pausi to have lied about the
Applicant’s involvement in the offence. Pausi claimed that he had lied about
receiving a sum of money from the Applicant so as “to create a defence which
could exculpate [himself]”. But, this did not explain why Pausi named the
Applicant as the one from whom he had collected the money. For Pausi’s
purposes, it would have sufficed for him to name any of the arrested persons,
but he chose, instead, to name the only person who, during the trial, had
explicitly denied having been at the scene of the offence: the Applicant.
Indeed, as the Judge aptly observed at [6] of Roslan (trial), naming the
Applicant as the person from whom he had received the sum of money actually
weakened Pausi’s defence.

50 We also did not find Pausi’s explanation for waiting for more than two
years before deciding to “come clean” persuasive. Pausi’s appeal against his
conviction was dismissed in March 2011. If his explanation were to be believed
– ie, he decided to come clean because his sentence of death had been upheld
by the appellate court and he had nothing to lose – then it would beg the
question: why did he not do so earlier? His explanation that he had waited for
so long because he “did not know who to approach” cut very little ice with us.
For one, he had been represented throughout this period and could easily have
consulted his solicitor on this matter. Further, as noted above at [14(b)],
Pausi sent a cryptic letter to the CNB (addressed to ASP Seow) dated 13 June
2014 in which he stated that he had “something important” to share with the
CNB. It was clear that he knew how to get in touch with the CNB and could have
written to the CNB before May 2013 if he were truly stricken with guilt at
having falsely accused the Applicant of a crime which the latter had not
committed. Pausi did not, however, do so.

51 Second, we saw clear evidence of collusion between the Applicant and Pausi.
As noted above, the Applicant gave three different accounts as to how he came
to know about Pausi’s plan to “come clean”. In his first affidavit, he claimed
to have been approached by Pausi and informed of the latter’s plan “on [sic]
or about May 2013” while they were both in a yard at Changi Prison. In his
second affidavit, he claimed to have been told “sometime in December 2012 or
January 2013” that Pausi intended to tell the truth, but that it was only
“sometime in February or March 2013” that further details of the conspiracy
were revealed to him. In his third affidavit, he changed his account again and
claimed to have been told by Pausi that he “had revealed the truth to a CNB
officer … sometime [in] March 2013”. As is clear from the foregoing, all of
the Applicant’s accounts were different from each other, but the account in
the Applicant’s third and last affidavit (which was affirmed on 8 October
2015) matched neatly as well as precisely with the evidence given by Pausi in
his affidavit of the same date. In the circumstances, it seemed to us clear
that Pausi and the Applicant had collaborated with each other in the
preparation of their respective affidavits.

52 Even more troubling than this, we thought, were the circumstances
surrounding the recording of the handwritten statement, which we found
extremely suspicious. As we noted above, the court was first notified on 30
April 2014, during a PTC before an assistant registrar, of the existence of
new evidence which might potentially exonerate the Applicant. On that
occasion, the Applicant’s counsel, Mr Singh, informed the court that he had
“just” [emphasis added] been informed of the existence of this new evidence.
The following exchange was recorded in the notes of arguments recorded by the
assistant registrar:

[Mr Singh]: New evidence has emerged in the course of taking instructions
which would tend to exonerate the [Applicant]. We will soon be filing a
criminal revision. Asking for 3 to 4 weeks to complete instructions.

…

… [T]he new evidence is that [the Applicant] was on the day in question at the
scene when the transaction took place and his purpose of going there was to
accompany [Norzainy] who promised to give him some drugs for his consumption
and he was never a part of the plan in relation to the transaction of the
large quantity of drugs, he was never part of that plan. And this is supported
by Pausi …

DPP: Has this been communicated to the investigating officer?

[Mr Singh]: No, I have just obtained these instructions. If the prosecution
wishes, I can do so by way of representations. But I believe the [Applicant]
has informed the investigating officer of the latest developments.

…

[emphasis added]

53 In his first affidavit, the Applicant deposed that he had informed his
solicitor, Mr Singh, of Pausi’s intention to give a statement exonerating him
of guilt. Pursuant to that, Mr Singh had, with the permission of Mr Chung,
Pausi’s solicitor, interviewed Pausi and recorded the handwritten statement.
According to the handwritten statement, Mr Singh was the one who had assisted
in interpreting Pausi’s evidence (in both English and Malay) on 16 May 2013;
further, he was the person to whom the handwritten statement was given after
it had been recorded. Thus, according to both the Applicant’s and Pausi’s
accounts of the events, Mr Singh would have been in possession of the
handwritten statement as at 16 May 2013. In the circumstances, we struggled to
understand how it could be the case that Mr Singh had only “just obtained
these instructions [regarding the new evidence which might potentially
exonerate the Applicant]” [emphasis added] shortly before the PTC on 30 April
2014. Whatever the reason for that might have been (and we did not wish to
speculate, since we did not have the benefit of receiving full evidence on
this matter), it seemed to us that this cast a pall over the veracity of the
new narrative put forward by the Applicant.

54 Third, we found the Applicant’s conspicuous delay in filing the Present
Motion troubling. This motion was filed on 30 January 2015, more than one and
a half years after the handwritten statement was purportedly recorded on 16
May 2013. No reasonable explanation was given for this delay. The Applicant’s
explanation – viz, that he “was waiting for the CNB to do something about this
new evidence” – was not convincing in the slightest. Given the stakes
involved, it would be reasonable to expect that the Applicant would have been
anxious for the CNB to follow up on Pausi’s recantation evidence, and would
have instructed his counsel to take the necessary measures to move things
along. To that end, we note that there were no fewer than eight PTCs from 29
May 2013 (the date of the first PTC held after the handwritten statement was
allegedly recorded) to 30 April 2014 (when the Applicant first informed the
court of the existence of new evidence), but there was absolutely no reference
to the existence of the handwritten statement at any of these PTCs.

55 Finally, we found that many aspects of the new narrative were contradicted
by the evidence of the investigating officers who had the conduct of this
matter. ASP Seow categorically denied ever having been told by Pausi of a
conspiracy to falsely implicate the Applicant. In particular, he stated that
Pausi “did not, in any way whatsoever,” inform him of any such conspiracy when
he interviewed Pausi on 1 March 2013 (see also [26] above). Likewise, IO Chan
deposed that the Applicant had not told him of the existence of any such
conspiracy when he interviewed the Applicant on 18 January 2013. Both ASP Seow
and IO Chan categorically stated that if they had been told anything of that
nature, they would have recorded it down. We accepted their explanation. We
saw no reason why either ASP Seow or IO Chan would have had any reason to lie
about this.

56 In our judgment, therefore, the new narrative fell far short of
constituting sufficiently reliable evidence. Indeed, the objective evidence
suggested the opposite. It was therefore clear that the Present Motion failed
in limine because we would have rejected the application for leave to admit
the new narrative on the ground of its unreliability alone. However, for
completeness, we went on to consider whether the contents of the new narrative
– even if admitted into evidence – would have been adequate to show that the
Applicant had been wrongly convicted.

The new narrative did not adequately establish that the Applicant’s conviction
was wrong

57 As a starting point, we note that this was not a case in which the
Applicant’s conviction was secured purely on the back of Pausi’s conviction
(unlike the conviction of the appellant in Low Khoon Hai). Instead, the
evidence of all the actors in the transaction – Pausi, Norzainy, Nuradaha, and
Zamri – cohered to present a convincing narrative of the Applicant’s guilt. A
brief précis of the evidence led at the trial will suffice to demonstrate
this. In order to appreciate the evidence, two points should be noted. First,
the Applicant was also known by a number of sobriquets, including “Lan”,
“C-lak”, “Celak”, “Lan Celak”, and “Boy Gemuk”. Second, there were three
vehicles involved in the transaction (see Roslan (trial) at [2]): (a) a gold
Chevrolet in which Zamri and Nuradaha were seated; (b) a blue Nissan in which
Norzainy and the Applicant were seated; and (c) a green Perdana driven by
Pausi.

58 During the trial, the following points emerged in evidence:

(a) Nuradaha and Zamri testified that the Applicant had directed them to
follow him to Marsiling MRT Station, and that they had later followed the
Nissan (the car in which the Applicant had been travelling) to the car park in
Choa Chu Kang. Norzainy similarly stated during the hearing that “Boy Gemuk”
(whom the Judge concluded was a reference to the Applicant: see [60(a)] below)
had directed him to drive the Nissan to Marsiling MRT Station and then to the
car park in Choa Chu Kang. Likewise, Pausi stated that the Applicant had
instructed him to follow the Nissan from Marsiling MRT Station to a car park
in Choa Chu Kang, and that he had complied because he wanted to “collect the
money” from the Applicant.

(b) Nuradaha testified that he had seen the Applicant having a conversation
with Pausi. Zamri stated that he had seen the Applicant and Nuradaha walking
towards the Perdana (the car driven by Pausi). When Pausi took the stand, he
explained that the Applicant had given him a sum of money (which he valued at
$3,000).

(c) Nuradaha testified that he had retrieved a paper bag from the rear seat of
the Perdana and had carried it back to the Chevrolet (the car in which
Nuradaha had been travelling) on the Applicant’s instructions. Thereafter, he
stated, the Applicant had instructed him to deliver the paper bag (which he
later examined and noted was filled with drugs) to one “Arab” at French Road.
When Zamri took the stand, he confirmed this aspect of Nuradaha’s evidence. He
further testified that Nuradaha had informed him that the Applicant had given
instructions that they were to drive to French Road.

59 When we considered the factual matrix in its entirety, it was clear to us
that the case against the Applicant did not hang on a single thread, but was
instead the product of an interlocking lattice of testimonies which revealed
that the Applicant was the central figure in the drug transaction in question.
He directed the actions of the others involved and orchestrated all its moving
parts. What was more, we were also of the view that the accounts given by
Pausi, Norzainy, Nuradaha, and Zamri were too detailed and too consistent to
have been fabricated. It would have been difficult enough for just one or two
of them to have done so, but for all four of them to have done so, and for it
to have been done in the manner alleged by Pausi – ie, that Kimo had merely
told the four of them to push the blame to the Applicant without giving
specific instructions as to how they should tailor their evidence (see [24]
above) – was simply incredible. In our judgment, the only possible inference
we could draw from the evidence was that Pausi, Norzainy, Nuradaha, and Zamri
were telling the truth that the Applicant had not only been present at the
time of the drug transaction, but had also been intimately involved.

60 Furthermore, the notion that there was a “conspiracy” to falsely implicate
the Applicant – which lay at the heart of the new narrative – simply could not
be believed for one simple reason. Far from trying to implicate the Applicant,
it was clear that three of the arrested persons mentioned in the preceding
paragraph (viz, Norzainy, Nuradaha, and Zamri) had in fact sought, in their
own separate ways, to absolve the Applicant from responsibility. This can be
seen from the following aspects of their evidence:

(a) During the trial, Norzainy testified that it was one “Boy Gemuk” (and not
the Applicant) who was involved in the drug transaction in question. As the
Judge observed, the role played by “Boy Gemuk” in Norzainy’s narrative was
identical to that played by the Applicant in the accounts given by the other
arrested persons (see Roslan (trial) at [6]). It was clear, therefore, that
Norzainy had wanted to give an accurate account of the events without naming
the Applicant.

(b) On his part, Nuradaha testified that the Applicant was “not involved in
this drug case” because he “did not tell [Nuradaha] anything”, but only asked
him to retrieve a package from Pausi’s car, without explicitly identifying the
contents of the package as drugs.

(c) As for Zamri, he testified during the trial that the Applicant had only
informed him that he was trading in contraband cigarettes.

In fact, as the Respondent pointed out, the Prosecution even applied to cross-
examine Nuradaha and Norzainy (only the latter application was granted)
because it was of the view that they had turned on the stand and were to be
treated as hostile witnesses.

61 Against this background, it was clear to us that Pausi had attempted to
concoct a “conspiracy” where none really existed in an attempt to explain away
the evidence against the Applicant. However, this explanation was wholly
unconvincing and flew in the face of the objective evidence. The new
narrative, alone, could not provide an adequate explanation for the abundance
of evidence which pointed towards the Applicant’s guilt. Even if the new
narrative were admitted, there would still be sufficient material to
demonstrate, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the Applicant was guilty of the
charges of which he had been convicted.

Conclusion

62 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the Present Motion.

A coda – the principles set out in Kho Jabing

63 As noted in the introduction to these grounds of decision (see [3] above),
we are of the view that our decision in this matter is entirely congruent with
the principles set out in Kho Jabing. At [44] of that case, this court
affirmed that the general test enunciated earlier in Yong Vui Kong – viz, that
there must be “sufficient material on which the court can say that there has
been a miscarriage of justice” – should be the touchstone for the exercise of
this court’s power of review. The court discussed the constituent parts of
this test in great detail, amplifying and clarifying the requirements of each
part. Specifically, in commenting on the requirement to produce “sufficient
material”, the court said (see Kho Jabing at [77(d)]):

… The material put forward must possess two signal features in order to be
considered “sufficient”: (i) it must be “new” – ie, it must not previously
have been canvassed at any stage of the proceedings prior to the filing of the
application for review, and it must be something which could not, even with
reasonable diligence, have been adduced in court earlier; and (ii) it must be
“compelling” – ie, it must be reliable, substantial, powerfully probative, and
therefore, capable of showing almost conclusively that there has been a
miscarriage of justice.

64 Under the test set out in Kho Jabing, the material put forward in support
of an application for a review of a concluded criminal appeal is “new” if it
satisfies two cumulative conditions: (a) it has not hitherto been considered
at any stage of the proceedings prior to the filing of the application for
review; and (b) it could not, even with reasonable diligence, have been
adduced in court earlier. Measured against these two indices, the handwritten
statement would pass muster since it had (allegedly) only been recorded on 16
May 2013, and therefore had not been considered either at the Applicant’s
trial or during his appeal; nor could it have been adduced at either of these
two stages since it only emerged after the Applicant’s appeal had been heard
and dismissed. This is consistent with how we proceeded in this case – as
noted in our analysis above (at, inter alia, [42]), we were prepared to give
the Applicant the benefit of the doubt by proceeding on the assumption that
the “fresh/new evidence” which he proffered (viz, the new narrative) was
“new”.

65 However, we did not find the new narrative reliable, nor did we find it
adequate to establish that the Applicant had been wrongly convicted. It was
therefore not “compelling” in the Kho Jabing-sense since it was not “reliable,
substantial, powerfully probative, and therefore, capable of showing almost
conclusively that there has been a miscarriage of justice” (at [77(d)]). In
fact, we found that the new narrative pointed in precisely the opposite
direction – if anything, it succeeded in confirming the previous courts’
assessments that the Applicant was guilty of the charges brought against him.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang Judge of Appeal Judge of
Appeal Judge

R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) and Kertar Singh s/o Guljar Singh (Kertar Law LLC) for
the applicant;  
Kow Keng Siong and Mansoor Amir (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

