Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 266

Suit No 754 of 2012

(Assessment of Damages No 19 of 2015)

Between

| Siew Pick Chiang  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

1.| Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd  
---|---  
2.| Hong Realty (Private) Limited  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Damages] — [Assessment]

[Damages] — [Measure of damages] — [Personal injuries cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Siew Pick Chiang

  
v

  

Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co Ltd and another

[2016] SGHC 266

High Court — Suit No 754 of 2012 (Assessment of Damages No 19 of 2015)  
Woo Bih Li J  
30 June, 2 July 2015; 16, 18, 22 March; 5 April; 14 September; 6 October 2016

1 December 2016 Judgment reserved.

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Siew Pick Chiang (“the Plaintiff”) was cycling on a public pavement along
Pasir Ris Drive 8 on 15 October 2009 when she was struck by a bundle of
overhead cables that had fallen down without warning. The cables originated
from a nearby work-site for which the first defendant Hyundai Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd was the main contractor (“the Defendant”).

2 On 7 September 2012, almost 35 months later, the Plaintiff commenced the
present action against the Defendant. The developer of the project, Hong
Realty (Private) Limited was added later as a second defendant but the
Plaintiff eventually elected to proceed against the main contractor only.
Hence, I have referred to the main contractor simply as “the Defendant”.

3 The trial on liability was bifurcated. It was heard by me on 15 and 16 May
2014 after which I decided that the Defendant was 100% liable for the
accident. I granted Interlocutory Judgment on that basis on 16 May 2014 with
damages to be assessed by me. Interest and costs were also to be decided by
me. I also ordered the Defendant to pay the Plaintiff’s costs of the action
fixed at $20,000 together with reasonable disbursements to be agreed between
the parties or fixed by the court and goods and services tax (“GST”).

4 The assessment of damages hearing commenced from 30 June 2015 to 2 July
2015. It was adjourned to re-commence from 16 March 2016 and ended on 22 March
2016.

5 The Defendant submitted that special damages are assessed as at the date of
the trial or at the date of the assessment of damages hearing. It submitted
that 2 July 2015 should be used as the cut-off date since that was the first
day of the assessment hearing. I should clarify that the first day of hearing
was actually on 30 June 2015 as I indicated above. The introduction of oral
evidence started on 2 July 2015. In any event, since the first hearing was
effectively over two days only with oral evidence being given on one day and
since the assessment hearing was done in two tranches and there was a long
interval between the two tranches, I am of the view that a more appropriate
step would be to take a date before the second tranche as the cut-off date.
Therefore, for the purpose of computing pre-trial damages, I am using 29
February 2016 as a fair and convenient cut-off date.

6 The physical injuries caused directly to the Plaintiff were relatively
minor. Her main issue was that she suffered from post-traumatic stress
disorder (“PTSD”) which was so serious that it gave rise to a litany of
medical issues. Consequently, she was admitted 18 or 19 times into Gleneagles
Hospital or Mount Elizabeth Hospital for varying periods of time. The last
time she was admitted into hospital was on 27 February 2014 at Mount Elizabeth
Hospital. She was warded there for more than two years at a stretch and, I
understand, still remains warded there. Her psychiatrist, Dr Sim Li Ping
(Pauline) (“Dr Sim”) said that she is working to try and have the Plaintiff
discharged by 31 December 2016. If the Plaintiff is discharged on or about 31
December 2016, she would have remained in hospital for about two years and ten
months at one stretch.

7 The Plaintiff claimed around $26m as special and general damages. The pre-
trial medical and hospital expenses were about $2.6m. Post-trial, they
amounted to about $11m.

8 The second big ticket item was the claim for expenses for hiring part-time
caregivers to care for her and for separate caregivers to care for a son born
on 19 April 2010 after the accident. She said that she was not able to care
for her son. The amount claimed for such caregivers for herself was around
$940,000 for pre-trial damages and about $5.1m for post-trial damages. The
amount claimed for such caregivers for her son was about $500,000 for pre-
trial damages and $1.3m for post-trial damages.

9 The third big ticket item was the claim for loss of earnings pre-trial at
$450,000 for 75 months from November 2009 to 29 February 2016 and loss of
future earnings at about $1.7m. I should mention that the number of months
between November 2009 and 29 February 2016 should be 76 months and not 75
months as inadvertently stated by the Plaintiff. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Para 15 of Plaintiff’s Clarification dated 22/9/16.

The claim would therefore be $456,000.

10  The fourth big ticket item was her claim for taxi fares. For pre-trial
taxi fares, she claimed about $53,000. For post-trial taxi fares, she claimed
about $1.25m.

11 There were many other expenses claimed and these can be found in some of
the annexures to this judgment.

12 In contrast, the Plaintiff’s claim for pain and suffering and loss of
amenities was about $261,000.

13 The Defendant referred to the overall claim of about $26m as “staggering”.
It claimed that this was 13 times the highest award of damages by a Singapore
court for a personal injury claim and was a figure that should give anyone
pause for thought. Yet, the Defendant was rather subdued in its evidence to
challenge the Plaintiff’s claims.

14 The Plaintiff consulted various medical practitioners but not all executed
an affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”). For example, there was no AEIC
from the following doctors whose fees were included in hospital bills:

(a) Cardiologists (Dr Lim Chun Leng, Michael and Dr Lim Ing Haan);

(b) Respiratory specialists (Dr Chan Tiong Beng, Dr Lo Pau Lin, Constance and
Dr Chan Ping Wah, Kenneth);

(c) Ophthalmologists (Dr Yap Soo Keong and Dr Ho Sek Tien); and

(d) Prosthodontists (Dr Neo Tee Khin and Dr Tan Tiat Heng, Edwin).

15 I list out below the names of the doctors and two psychologists and one
physiotherapist who executed AEICs to support her claims:

(a) Dr Boey Mee Leng (“Dr Boey”), a Consultant Rheumatologist.

(b) Dr Chew Chou Mei Ling (“Dr Chew Chou”). She is a psychologist and not a
medical practitioner.

(c) Dr Chong Yeh Woei (“Dr Chong”), a Senior Consultant Physician (Internal
Medicine).

(d) Ms Zena Kang Hong Meng (“Ms Zena Kang”). She is also a psychologist and
not a medical practitioner.

(e) Dr Lim Chee Chong, Lionel (“Dr Lionel Lim”). He is a Consultant
Psychiatrist.

(f) Dr Lim Ing Ruen. He is a Ear, Nose and Throat surgeon.

(g) Mr Jonathan Lim Tai Kin (“Mr Lim”). He is a physiotherapist.

(h) Dr Sim (as referred to at [6] above). She is a Consultant Psychiatrist.

16 In contrast, the Defendant called only one doctor, ie, Dr Lim Boon Leng who
is a Consultant Psychiatrist practising at Gleneagles Medical Centre under the
name of Centre for Psychological Wellness Pte Ltd. I will say more later on
the evidence of Dr Lim Boon Leng.

17 I will now address the various items of claims. I will deal with the
general damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities first as that
will give an idea of the various medical issues that the Plaintiff was facing.
I will then address the claim for special damages, ie, pre-trial damages.
There are three sub-categories. The first is for pre-trial medical and
hospital expenses. The second is for pre-trial non-medical expenses, excluding
equipment and mobility aids. The third is for pre-trial equipment and mobility
aids. Lastly, I will address the claim for post-trial general damages. There
are various sub-categories for these damages which I will elaborate on later.
The conclusions on each item of pre-trial expenses or damages will have a
bearing on the post-trial damages.

General damages

Pain and suffering and loss of amenities

18 I set out in Annexure A, the various items claimed for general damages for
pain and suffering and loss of amenities and the amount claimed by the
Plaintiff, the Defendant’s response and the court’s decision.

Post Traumatic Stress Disorder

19 The Plaintiff supported her claim for $80,000 for PTSD by submitting that
the range of awards for severe PTSD under the Guidelines for the Assessment of
General Damages in Personal Injury Cases 2010 (Academy Publishing, 2010) (“the
Guidelines”) was between $25,000 and $50,000. As her case of PTSD was even
more severe than precedent cases, she should be awarded more than $50,000.
Moreover, the Plaintiff submitted that as she had also suffered severe anxiety
and panic attack and an extremely severe level of depression, she would be
entitled to a separate and additional assessment for this. Under the
Guidelines, the range of awards for General Psychiatric Disorders (other than
PTSD) was $25,000 to $55,000. Therefore, the Plaintiff submitted that after
taking into account these two disorders and the element of overlapping, an
award of $80,000 was appropriate.

20 On the other hand, the Defendant submitted that there was no separate
diagnosis by a psychiatrist of severe anxiety and panic attack and depression.
Any mention of such an illness was not made by a psychiatrist. Furthermore,
relying on Lee Mui Yeng v Ng Tong Yoo [2016] SGHC 46 (“Lee Mui Yeng”), the
Defendant submitted that it would be incorrect to compartmentalise her
psychiatric condition. In that case, the plaintiff was suffering from chronic
PTSD and severe major depression disorder (“MDD”). The court considered the
PTSD as the primary problem which spawned secondary symptoms of MDD. The
court’s award of $40,000 there took into account the MDD as well as the PTSD
whereas in the present case before me, the Plaintiff suffered from PTSD only.
As her PTSD was more severe than the plaintiff’s in Lee Mui Yeng, the
Defendant agreed that the Plaintiff should be entitled to $50,000 but no more.

21 I agree that even if there was a diagnosis of severe anxiety, panic attack
and extreme depression, this was part of the larger issue of PTSD.

22 In any event, parties agree that the Plaintiff’s PTSD is severe. Dr Sim
described her case as the worst she had seen. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 18/3/16 p 68.

The Plaintiff was admitted into hospital 18 or 19 times although the Defendant
did not accept that each and every occasion or the entire duration of each
stay was due to the PTSD. On the last occasion she was admitted on 27 February
2014, she remained in hospital for more than two years at a stretch and was
still there at the time of the assessment hearing (see [6] above). She was not
discharged because of her PTSD and complications arising from her PTSD as I
will elaborate below. She could not work and her prognosis was poor. She has a
host of medical issues for which she consulted several doctors and many of the
issues, although not necessarily all, arose from her PTSD.

23 Therefore, I am of the view that her claim for PTSD is not restricted to
the maximum in the range under the Guidelines which are based on precedents
which are less severe. I conclude that she is entitled to the $80,000 claimed
for her PTSD.

Impairment of memory and cognitive injuries

24 According to a report dated 18 April 2012 by Ms Zena Kang, a consultant
psychologist, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PBD”) pp 44-49.

the Plaintiff’s most significant deficits were in respect of her memory, ie,
in the areas of auditory, visual, immediate and delayed memory and also her
working memory and visual processing speed. Her verbal and non-verbal
reasoning abilities were classified as average.

25 The Plaintiff relied on Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) v Koh
Chai Kwang [2010] 2 SLR 1037 (“Teo Ai Ling”) for the impairment of memory and
cognitive injuries. In that case, the plaintiff was granted $40,000 but her
cognitive injuries included personality change. The Plaintiff submitted that
her impairment of her memory and cognitive functions was more serious than in
that case and so she suggested $50,000.

26 The Defendant submitted that the plaintiff in Teo Ai Ling had her award for
cognitive injuries increased from $25,000 to $40,000 by the High Court to take
into account her personality change. As this was not applicable to the
Plaintiff before me, the court should award her only $25,000 in accordance
with other precedents for memory and cognitive impediment such as Er Hung Boon
v Law Shyan En (DC Suit No 1567 of 1997) - $20,000 awarded and Ting Heng Mee v
Sin Sheng Fresh Fruit Pte Ltd [2004] SGHC 43 - $25,000 awarded.

27 I note that in the latter case, the plaintiff also had pre and post-
accident amnesia.

28 Since the main deficits of the Plaintiff under this sub-heading are in
respect of her memory, I agree with the Defendant and I grant the Plaintiff
$25,000 for this sub-heading.

Head injury and benign positional paroxysmal vertigo

29 Dr Lim Ing Ruen’s report dated 13 August 2012 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PBD pp 50-53.

said that the Plaintiff suffered various injuries such as head injury, severe
headaches, giddiness and general body pain. Throughout her admission (into
hospital) from 15 October 2009 to 18 April 2010, she suffered, inter alia,
severe giddiness and headaches, head contusion and post traumatic postural
vertigo. The Plaintiff also stated that after the accident she was drifting in
and out of consciousness. Based on precedents, the Plaintiff claimed $15,000
for head injury including transient loss of consciousness, head contusion,
severe headaches and severe giddiness and post-concussion syndrome.

30 The Plaintiff also claimed her vertigo as a distinct injury. She had
vestibular dysfunction. The Plaintiff submitted that although there is no
decision giving an award for benign positional paroxysmal vertigo, the case of
Goh Choon Seng v Tay Leong Sin (MC Suit No 22016 of 1998) was of assistance to
her. In that case, there was injury involving trauma to the right ear
resulting in auricular haematoma and occasional giddiness and vertigo lasting
a few seconds. The parties there agreed to $3,500 for this injury. The
Plaintiff sought $6,000 for her vestibular dysfunction with vertigo.

31 The total claimed for the two sub-headings was $21,000.

32 The Defendant submitted that the vertigo originates in the head regardless
of whether it arises in the brain or in the inner ear. It submitted that the
Plaintiff’s head injury was less severe than that in Navitha d/o Amardam v
Anthony Dass s/o Sebasthiyan and anor (DC Suit No 499 of 2002) where the
plaintiff was thrown forward and smashed her head against a windscreen when
the bus she was travelling on suddenly stopped. The plaintiff suffered from
post-concussion syndrome, daily headaches associated with blurring of vision,
giddiness, perspiration and occasional nausea. She was awarded $4,000.

33 Thus, the Defendant submitted that an award of $8,000 for the Plaintiff
before me would be generous.

34 However, there were other precedents. For example, in Azmi bin Ahmad v Lee
Po Hoon [2005] SGDC 5, the plaintiff was awarded $10,000 for head injury
resulting in headaches, giddiness and mild double vision.

35 I agree with the Defendant that the head injury and vertigo should be
considered together. I award the Plaintiff $10,000 for this.

Fibromyalgia

36 The Plaintiff submitted that she was found to have tenderness in all the
diagnosis-defining fibromyalgia tender points. The Defendant accepted that the
Plaintiff had widespread musculoskeletal pain and this was caused by the
physical and emotional trauma she sustained.

37 The Plaintiff referred to Krishnasamy Rajendra v Jolly Wee Huat Choon
[1992] SGHC 189. In that case, the plaintiff had right cervical neuralgia with
fibrositis/fibromyalgia over post right neck, right trapezus and right medical
scapular region. The High Court awarded him $10,000. As the Plaintiff before
me had more widespread fibromyalgia and the precedent was decided in 1992, the
Plaintiff claimed $15,000 for this sub-head. The Defendant was of the view
that $10,000 was fair as the fibromyalgia was secondary to her PTSD.

38 I am of the view that as the Plaintiff’s fibromyalgia was more widespread
than the precedent cited and bearing in mind the lapse of time since the above
case, $15,000 is to be awarded to the Plaintiff for this sub-head.

Neck and back injuries, abrasions on face, arms and legs and spondylosis

39 The Plaintiff submitted that she had been diagnosed with neck and back
strain and she was required to wear a neck collar to stabilise her cervical
spine. She alleged that Dr Chong also said that she has thoracic spine
spondylosis which was not consistent with her age, effusion in the elbow,
bilateral supraspinatus tears and also cervical and lumbar spondylosis. There
were abrasions on her face, arms and legs. She claimed $15,000.

40 The Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff did not establish that the tears
were caused by the accident.

41 As for effusion or swelling in the elbow, the Defendant submitted that in a
report dated 24 September 2014, Dr Boey had said that there was no swelling of
any joint or tenderness of joints.

42 As for the neck and back injuries, these were minor as they were reported
as neck and back strains.

43 As for the various spondylosis, the Defendant submitted that these were
diagnosed five years after the accident and therefore, the Plaintiff had not
established that they were caused by the accident. Furthermore, they appeared
to be minor as Dr Chong, who made the diagnosis, did not elaborate whether
they were mild, moderate or severe and whether surgery was likely. The
Defendant suggested $8,000 for the Plaintiff’s neck and back injuries.

44 I accept the Defendant’s submissions on this sub-head and award $8,000.

Other injuries

45 The Plaintiff claimed separately for a number of other injuries which are
found in s/no 7 of Annexure A. She referred to Shaw Linda Gillian v Chai Kang
Wei Samuel [2009] SGHC 187 (“Shaw”) in which the High Court awarded $40,000 to
the plaintiff who had reduced dexterity, muscular strength, tone and co-
ordination. The Plaintiff claimed $80,000. The Plaintiff said she had more
medical issues which impacted her more severely than the precedent cited.

46 The Defendant submitted that there was no evidence that Vitamin D
deficiency had caused the Plaintiff pain and suffering.

47 As for the Plaintiff’s irritable bowel syndrome (“IBS”), the Defendant
submitted that this was not mentioned in a 13 August 2012 report by Dr Lim Ing
Ruen although it was mentioned in Dr Chong’s medical report dated 8 November
2014. It submitted that the causes, symptoms and prognosis of her IBS were not
explained.

48 The Defendant submitted that the lack of control of bodily functions,
deterioration of immune system, overall stamina and reproductive functions
were not substantiated by medical evidence.

49 As for the case of Shaw, the Defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s
problems there were considered in the context of her physically demanding job
as a physiotherapist and that the pain of the Plaintiff before me was already
accounted for in an award for her fibromyalgia.

50 I am of the view that the Vitamin D deficiency was a relatively minor
issue. The rest of the issues were substantiated by medical reports but there
is some overlap with her PTSD for which I had awarded $80,000. For example,
when she is stressed, she does not control her bodily functions well. I also
do not think that her fibromyalgia can be said to account for all her other
issues. I will allow another $20,000 for this sub-head. This, together with
the $80,000 for her PTSD, totals $100,000.

Loss of marriage prospect

51 The Plaintiff’s loss of marriage prospect was agreed at $6,000.

Special damages

(A) Medical and hospital expenses

52 I have set out in Annexure B, the Plaintiff’s claim for pre-trial medical
and hospital expenses, ie, up to 29 February 2016. For the pre-trial medical
expenses, I have listed the amount claimed by the Plaintiff for each item, the
Defendant’s response and the court’s decision. It is not necessary for me to
elaborate where the quantum was accepted by the Defendant. The pre-trial
medical expenses listed are in addition to those which are already part of the
hospital bills.

53 I did not allow the claim for expenses incurred at Centre for Creative
Development. These were expenses for treatment by Dr Chew Chou. As mentioned
above, she is a psychologist and not a medical practitioner. It is true that
the Defendant had dispensed with the cross-examination of Dr Chew Chou.
However, this did not necessarily mean that the Defendant had accepted that
the treatment by her was necessary or reasonable.

54 The Defendant questioned the need for such treatment by questioning Dr
Lionel Lim who was the initial psychiatrist who was treating the Plaintiff
before Dr Sim took over. Dr Lionel Lim had recommended that the Plaintiff
consult Ms Zena Kang, who is also a psychologist, for a psychological
assessment and some treatment. However, he did not recommend Dr Chew Chou.
Indeed, he seemed to be unaware, at least initially, that the Plaintiff had
consulted Dr Chew Chou. His evidence was that it was open to patients to seek
such treatment as they wished. Dr Chew Chou employed a different treatment
method from that of Ms Zena Kang. However, Dr Lionel Lim stopped short of
asserting that the treatment by Dr Chew Chou was necessary or reasonable in
the sense that the Defendant should bear the expenses thereof. The Defendant
accepted the Plaintiff’s expenses for consulting Ms Zena Kang but not for
consulting Dr Chew Chou. In the light of Dr Lionel Lim’s evidence, I am of the
view that the Plaintiff has not discharged her burden to establish that it was
reasonable to seek treatment by Dr Chew Chou and that the expenses for such
treatment should be borne by the Defendant.

55 I allow the Plaintiff’s claim for the expenses of Choo Wan Ling Women’s
Clinic which is a gynaecological practice. The Plaintiff had an ovarian cyst
when she was pregnant and was treated then. Subsequently, the problem
resurfaced. There was some evidence that this was due to the stress she was
encountering, the inference being that this was due to the PTSD. Although that
evidence was hearsay evidence of other medical practitioners who had learned
of the cause (presumably from the gynaecologist or the Plaintiff), the
Defendant did not specifically challenge the validity of such an assertion
when it was made. Accordingly, I am of the view that the Plaintiff did not
know that the Defendant was not accepting the claim for treating the ovarian
cyst. Had the Defendant specifically challenged the evidence, the Plaintiff
would have realised that she would have to call the gynaecologist as a witness
or to provide a medical report. In any event, this claim was for a small sum
of $502.20 which I allow.

56 As for the Plaintiff’s claim for expenses incurred at K H Ho Neurology &
Medical Clinic, the Defendant had accepted that $19,023.40 was reasonably
incurred. However, the Plaintiff had increased the claim for this item to
$24,116.60 presumably because of the later cut-off date of 29 February 2016
(see [5] above). Since the Defendant was accepting in principle the treatment
by this clinic and in the absence of objection (other than on the cut-off
date), I allow the claim for $24,116.60.

57 As for the Plaintiff’s claim for expenses incurred at L P Clinic Pte Ltd,
this was the practice of Dr Lionel Lim and Dr Sim. The Defendant sought to
reduce the amount claimed on the argument that part of the claim was for
consultation charges and Dr Sim’s consultation charges had already been
included in hospital bills. However, the Defendant did not raise this with Dr
Sim when she was on the witness stand and so she had no opportunity to address
this point. In the circumstances, I am of the view that it is not open to the
Defendant to raise the point in closing submissions. The Defendant had more
than enough time to go through all the bills before the assessment hearing.

58 As for the Plaintiff’s claim for $1,059 for treatment by Ng Tay Meng
Gastrointestinal and Liver Clinic Pte Ltd, the Defendant disputed this claim
as the Plaintiff was already seeing Dr Ang Cheng Nee Benny from
Gastroenterology Clinic Pte Ltd from January 2012 to May 2013. However, this
point was not taken up by the Defendant in cross-examination of any medical
expert who gave evidence for the Plaintiff, for example, Dr Sim or Dr Chong. I
will elaborate later on the role of Dr Sim and Dr Chong. Accordingly, I allow
this claim.

59 The claim for the hospital bills was much larger than the claim for
outpatient medical expenses. The former expenses were in respect of the
expenses incurred at Gleneagles Hospital and Mount Elizabeth Hospital. The
bills of the hospitals included the fees of doctors and medicine and
ancillaries.

60 The Plaintiff had sent copies of the bills to the Defendant before the
assessment hearing. She was obviously claiming all the items in the bills.
However, while she did produce AEICs from various medical practitioners, which
in turn included numerous medical reports, there was no one single or combined
affidavit or report to elaborate as to why she was admitted into hospital each
time and why she remained warded in hospital for each duration of her stay.
There was also no elaboration to match each and every consultation and
treatment with her PTSD. She was simply asking the court to infer that the
hospitalisation and every consultation and treatment were all attributable to
her PTSD. While it is true that many of her medical issues were attributable
to her PTSD, she should have done more to establish that each and every
consultation and treatment and the need to be warded in hospital each time and
the duration were attributable to her PTSD.

61 On the other hand, as I have said, the Defendant adduced evidence from only
one doctor, ie, Dr Lim Boon Leng. Furthermore, the Defendant had dispensed
with the need to cross-examine some of the Plaintiff’s doctors who had
executed AEICs at the assessment hearing. The impression given was that the
Defendant was limiting its challenge to the various expenses claimed by the
Plaintiff to whatever items or areas that were raised in cross-examination.

62 Eventually the Defendant submitted that there should be an 80% discount to
the amount claimed in the hospital bills for the following reasons:

(a) The Plaintiff had failed to show that all her hospitalisation expenses had
been incurred for medical conditions attributable to the accident or to her
PTSD.

(b) The Plaintiff had failed to show that her hospitalisations were necessary
or reasonable.

(c) The Plaintiff and her doctors have pursued an unreasonable course of
treatment.

(d) The Plaintiff had incurred her hospitalisation expenses unreasonably by
refusing to seek treatment at a restructured hospital.

(e) The Plaintiff had incurred unnecessary expenses by upgrading herself to a
higher class warded.

63 The last point may be easily taken first. It was not disputed that the
Plaintiff should stay in a single room in hospital. She was prone to meltdowns
and Dr Sim said the therapy for the Plaintiff should be conducted in a single
room. Unfortunately the Plaintiff had not only stayed in a single room, she
had also stayed in an executive single room or a suite on various occasions.
This was not justifiable. Neither of her two primary treating doctors Dr Sim
or Dr Chong had recommended an upgrade. Consequently, the Plaintiff restricted
her claims to the charges for a single room per se and deducted the difference
where applicable. The amount she claimed, as stated in Annexure B, reflected
the deductions she has already made.

64 I come now to the Defendant’s arguments that the Plaintiff should have
sought treatment at a restructured hospital and also that the Plaintiff and
her doctors had pursued an unreasonable course of treatment.

65  It was not disputed that the Plaintiff’s PTSD was very serious. The
Plaintiff relied on two psychiatrists from private practice, Dr Lionel Lim and
Dr Sim to support the diagnosis and the extent to which she was affected
including the alleged need for her to be warded in hospital, especially the
last and current time for more than two years at one stretch, as I have
mentioned. These two doctors both practised at Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre
under the name of LP Clinic Pte Ltd. Dr Lionel Lim was the first psychiatrist
who examined and assessed the Plaintiff. Dr Sim (a lady) then took over from
Dr Lim at the Plaintiff’s request.

66 As mentioned above, the Defendant relied solely on the evidence of Dr Lim
Boon Leng (see [16] above). Dr Lim Boon Leng did not suggest that the
Plaintiff was malingering or that the severity of her PTSD was exaggerated. He
did not question why the Plaintiff had to be admitted into hospital so many
times or why her last and current stay was longer than two years.

67 His main contribution to the defence was only to suggest, in his AEIC, that
the Plaintiff could have been treated at a restructured hospital instead of at
a private hospital. His reference to a restructured hospital was to the
Institute of Mental Health. Even then, in Dr Lim’s supplementary AEIC affirmed
on 24 July 2015, he said that “it will not be advisable to transfer her to a
restructured hospital in the midst of her stay in Mount Elizabeth Hospital. It
will be best to transfer her care to a restructured hospital when she is in a
stable condition”. Yet, he did not say when the Plaintiff was likely to be in
a stable condition. He was also not asked for his views on Dr Sim’s evidence
that Dr Sim was trying to get the Plaintiff well enough to be discharged from
Mount Elizabeth Hospital by 31 December 2016.

68 Dr Lim Boon Leng had only seen the Plaintiff twice for about 45 minutes
each time unlike Dr Sim who had seen the Plaintiff multiple times and even
almost daily (unless Dr Sim was out of the country) 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE 18/3/16 pp 67, 78.

from the last admission into hospital until the time she gave oral evidence in
March 2016. At times, Dr Sim would also see the Plaintiff two or three times a
day. She was on call 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

69 Dr Lim Boon Leng also accepted that it was reasonable for the Plaintiff to
go back to see the doctors who were treating her initially.

70 As for Dr Sim, she was of the view that the Plaintiff would not get the
attention she needed in a restructured hospital where the workload was very
heavy. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE 18/3/16 p 64.

71 As mentioned above at [22], Dr Sim described the Plaintiff as the worst
case she has seen. Dr Sim even had to spend over two to three weeks to get the
Plaintiff into a state to be assessed by Dr Lim Boon Leng. The Plaintiff had
meltdowns from time to time and multiple medical issues. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

NE 18/3/16 pp 66, 82, 88.

For example, the Plaintiff’s temperature could go up to 38.4oC. She had
frequent urinary tract infection and IBS. She fell down very quickly. Thus,
although Dr Sim was conscious of costs, the Plaintiff was not discharged from
hospital since February 2014.

72 Other than Dr Sim, the Plaintiff’s principal physician appeared to be Dr
Chong. Dr Sim described Dr Chong as a general practitioner. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NE 18/3/16 p 63.

Dr Chong is a Senior Consultant Physician (Internal Medicine) practising as an
associate under the name of Singapore Medical Specialists Centre (“SMSC”)
which is a multi-disciplinary practice. He first examined the Plaintiff on 14
November 2011 at his clinic and he has been looking after and treating her
since then. He was also referred to as an “internist” by the Defendant. He was
working as a general practitioner for many years until about 2009 when he
joined SMSC and went back to internal medicine. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

NE 22/3/16 p 3.

He divided the practice of medicine under two big umbrellas: internal medicine
and surgery. Dr Chong said that he looked after all other aspects of the
Plaintiff’s health and over the last two years (when he gave oral evidence in
March 2016), he had seen the Plaintiff every day.

73 Dr Chong did consider whether the Plaintiff should be discharged from
hospital since her last admission in February 2014 but Dr Sim was of the view
that the Plaintiff should remain in hospital. However, Dr Chong also clarified
that there were occasions when Dr Sim wanted to discharge the Plaintiff but
other medical issues cropped up that delayed the discharge, for example, the
Plaintiff suffered a urinary tract or respiratory infection. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE 22/3/16 p 16.

This was consistent with Dr Sim’s evidence that the Plaintiff had suffered a
host of medical problems. Dr Chong also said that the hearings over the last
two years added to the Plaintiff’s stress.

74 I should also mention that Dr Chong said that as the Plaintiff was
testifying via videolink from a hospital, she experienced diarrhoea. This in
turn led to a urinary tract infection. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE 22/3/16 p 46.

75 In the light of the evidence of Dr Sim and Dr Chong which remained largely
unchallenged, I am of the view that it was not open to the Defendant to argue
in its written submissions that the evidence for the Plaintiff’s current
hospitalisation was unconvincing or that Dr Sim and Dr Chong had been pursuing
an unreasonable course of treatment that was no more than a leap of faith. On
the contrary, this submission itself appeared to be based on wishful thinking
that was unsupported by any relevant evidence.

76 I come now to the Defendant’s arguments that the Plaintiff has failed to
show that all the expenses incurred in hospitals were attributable to the
accident or to her PTSD and that her hospitalisations were necessary or
reasonable. These two arguments overlap and may be considered together.

77 I have already mentioned that the Plaintiff did not provide evidence to
establish that each and every treatment and every stay in the hospital was due
to the accident or her PTSD. For the last and current stay in hospital, she
had been treated by Dr Sim and Dr Chong almost on a daily basis. I have
elaborated at [73] as to why the Plaintiff was still not discharged by the
time of the assessment hearing. However, although there was one reason or
another as to why she was still not discharged, this still did not necessarily
mean that every treatment she received during her stay was attributed to the
accident or her PTSD. For example, Dr Chong said that the use of an
ophthalmologist for the Plaintiff while she was in hospital was probably due
to an eye infection and he was not certain that it was caused by the PTSD.
Also in submissions, the Defendant queried whether the use of prosthodontists
for the Plaintiff’s teeth, while she was in hospital, should be attributed to
her PTSD. It must also be remembered that she was pregnant till she gave birth
to a son on 19 April 2010.

78 On the other hand, as I have stated, it was not disputed that the Plaintiff
had a host of medical issues arising from her PTSD. Furthermore, it appears
that she was in reasonably good health before the accident, ie, the contrary
was never suggested.

79 Therefore, I am of the view that the Defendant’s submission for an 80%
deduction was not fair. In view of the state of the evidence before me, I will
allow the Plaintiff 80% of the hospital bills. This will also apply to the
room rates. The figures mentioned in s/nos 14 and 15 of Annexure B as the
court’s decisions for this sub-category reflect this percentage.

80 I would mention that I had asked whether Mount Elizabeth hospital was
prepared to give a discount on its own charges since the Plaintiff was warded
there for a long duration. I was informed by Dr Sim and the Plaintiff’s
counsel that the hospital was not prepared to do so. Although I gave the
hospital an opportunity to address the court as to why it had taken this
position, the hospital eventually decided not to avail itself of this
opportunity.

(B) Non-medical expenses (excluding equipment and mobility aids)

81 I have set out in Annexure C, the Plaintiff’s claims for special damages
for non-medical expenses, excluding equipment and mobility aids.

82 The Plaintiff’s claim for loss of pre-trial earnings was based on $6000 per
month from November 2009 to February 2016, ie, 76 months. This works out to
$456,000. Although the Defendant disputed the multiplicand, I will allow it
for reasons which I will elaborate on later when I deal with the claim for a
similar item in the context of post-trial loss of earnings.

83 The Plaintiff claimed $52,800 for taxi trips. This was on the basis that
she had to take a taxi to see the physiotherapist and to take a taxi to see a
doctor. Based on a quotation for taxi charges for a person using a wheelchair,
the Plaintiff claimed $55 for one way and therefore $110 per return trip from
21 April 2014 to 29 February 2016. She claimed for 480 trips making a total of
$52,800.

84 The Plaintiff was not able to produce a single receipt to support this
claim. While I appreciate that a person does not necessarily obtain a receipt
for a taxi service, I note that the Plaintiff was claiming for use of a taxi
on a regular, if not a daily, basis. She also must have known that she had to
provide evidence to support her claim. Indeed, if she had to regularly use a
taxi because of a wheelchair, one would have expected her to make arrangements
with a taxi company to ensure that she obtained the use of a taxi at the time
when she needed one. That arrangement could easily have required the taxi
company to provide an invoice or receipt for her payments.

85 There was also no corroborating evidence from anyone else that she had to
take a taxi each and every time as claimed. Her mother did not give evidence.
According to Dr Sim, the Plaintiff’s mother is a highly anxious woman and is
her patient as well. Even when the Plaintiff was giving evidence via
videolink, her mother vomited. It was the Plaintiff who asked that her mother
be spared from giving evidence when the Plaintiff was considering who should
give evidence for her. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE 18/3/2016 pp 128-130.

However, while I am sympathetic towards the Plaintiff and her mother, the
evidence stopped short of establishing that the mother was unfit to testify.
Indeed for all the Plaintiff’s medical problems, she eventually agreed to
testify via video-link from the hospital where she was warded with Dr Sim by
her side to attend to her in case she had a meltdown. The mother’s condition
was not said to be as severe as that of the Plaintiff’s.

86 In the circumstances, I will not accept the Plaintiff’s claim for taxi
fare. It might have been that her mother or one of her siblings had fetched
her in a car to her destinations. While this may be speculative, the point is
that the burden is on her to prove her claim. It is too large a claim to be
accepted without more evidence. However, I accept that she should be entitled
to some transport expenses. In the absence of more evidence, I allow her $300
per month for 22 months from 21 April 2014 to 29 February 2016 = $6,600.

87 The Plaintiff claimed $6,397 for hiring full-time domestic help to care for
her for a short period (which was not clearly specified). However, her main
claim was for expenses for part-time caregivers for herself from 2010 to 2012
and from 2013 to 2015 up to 29 February 2016, ie, 74 months. The amount
claimed for the part-time caregivers was $939,375.

88 While the Plaintiff produced some documentary evidence to support her claim
for expenses for the full-time domestic help, the documentary evidence did not
add up to $6,397. Furthermore, she did not produce any documentary evidence
for the part-time caregivers she actually used. She claimed that no full-time
caregiver was prepared to stay on the job and she was bullied by them and
eventually had to terminate their employment. She said that many of her
documents and receipts were misplaced after she moved out of an apartment
which was mortgaged and then eventually sold to pay for her medical, hospital
and other expenses. However, she also alleged that she did not obtain receipts
for payments for part-time caregivers (see para 50 of her AEIC). Instead, she
used a quotation from a service provider to support the rates she was claiming
for part-time caregivers. A list of 25 names of caregivers for herself (and
for her son) was exhibited in her first AEIC but it was a bare list of names
with no other details.

89 I note that before the accident, the Plaintiff and her mother were engaged
in a business under the name of Love Care Professional. This was a business
providing pre and post natal care services. It also involved the use of part-
time staff. Although the Plaintiff claimed that the clients would pay the
part-time staff directly, I doubted that this allegation was true. If the
clients paid such staff directly, how would the business know whether the
staff had received payment and how much each staff had received? Furthermore,
there must be some form of record keeping to keep track of payments to the
staff whether made directly by the clients or by the business itself. The
Plaintiff and her mother must surely be aware of the importance of keeping
proper accounting records for the business. I am of the view that the
Plaintiff’s explanation that the clients would pay the part-time staff
directly was untrue. It appeared to be an attempt to support her stand that
the business did not obtain receipts from such staff and therefore, likewise
she did not obtain receipts from her own part-time caregivers. In any event,
the Plaintiff must have been made aware by her solicitors of the need to
provide proper documentary evidence for her claims ever since she decided to
proceed with litigation. The Plaintiff’s failure to provide evidence of
alleged payments to part-time caregivers for herself was unsatisfactory.
Furthermore, a bare list of names of alleged part-time caregivers did not
advance her case any further.

90 Again, the omission of her mother to give evidence to support her claim of
having to engage such caregivers militated against her.

91 In the circumstances, I do not accept this claim. The question then arises
whether the Plaintiff should be entitled to claim, as an alternative, expenses
for a full-time domestic help for pre-trial expenses for the period for which
she was claiming expenses for part-time caregivers. There was no evidence or
submissions by the Plaintiff on this alternative. The Defendant’s position on
this was unclear. The Defendant’s closing submission dated 5 July 2016
submitted, at paras 317 to 325, that no award should be made for pre-trial
expenses for any domestic help as no receipt was tendered in evidence. In the
same submission, the Defendant accepted, at para 176, that the Plaintiff would
require someone to look after her when she is discharged from hospital.
However, at paras 181 to 182, the Defendant acknowledged that there was some
evidence that the Plaintiff did have a domestic help to help her even while
she was in hospital. Then at para 183, the Defendant submitted that it would
be more reasonable to award the Plaintiff the cost of hiring a full-time
domestic help. So it was not clear to me whether, by acknowledging that there
was evidence that the Plaintiff had used a domestic help, the Defendant was in
fact accepting that this alternative basis should be allowed for pre-trial
expenses.

92 After considering the matter in totality, it seemed to me that the
Defendant’s acknowledgment that there was evidence about the use of a domestic
help for the Plaintiff was not an admission that she should be allowed pre-
trial expenses for a full-time domestic help. It was a basis for the Defendant
to accept that the Plaintiff should be entitled to such expenses post-trial
(and not pre-trial) when she is discharged from hospital.

93 Nevertheless, I am of the view that the Plaintiff should be allowed
expenses for a full-time domestic help for the period from 1 November 2009 to
29 February 2016, ie, 76 months. She was in such a fragile state that she
would have required help other than from her mother or siblings. There was
documentary evidence that she employed a full-time domestic help but the
evidence did not provide more details like the length of the employment and
the total amount paid (see [88] above). As already mentioned, the Plaintiff
did not provide any figures in her submissions for pre-trial full-time
domestic help for an extended period beyond the $6,397 she had mentioned.
While the Defendant also did not provide evidence for such a claim, the
Defendant did mention some figures in its submission for a full-time domestic
help after the Plaintiff is discharged from hospital. I will elaborate later
on those figures. For the time being, it is sufficient for me to say that they
come up to a rounded-up sum of $680 per month. The total is $680 x 76 =
$51,680.

94 The Plaintiff also said that she was not able to care for her son. She
claimed $499,040 for part-time caregivers to care for her son using again a
quotation from a service provider to support the rates she was claiming up to
29 February 2016. It was not disputed that the rates she was claiming would be
more than if a full-time help were employed. There was no adequate explanation
as to why a full-time help was unsuitable. More importantly, again there was
no documentary evidence to support the claim that part-time caregivers were in
fact engaged to care for her son. Again, her mother did not give evidence to
corroborate this claim. Furthermore, there was information from reports from
doctors treating her that it was her mother who was taking care of her son.
Such information would have been likely derived from the Plaintiff and/or her
mother. Hence, the Defendant relied on such information to submit that it was
the mother who was taking care of her son and not a caregiver, whether full-
time or part-time.

95 The Plaintiff submitted that her mother had taken on a supervisory role for
her son but the physical care of her son was another matter. She submitted
that her mother was suffering from stress from the constant worry over the
Plaintiff and that it was “most unreasonable” for the Defendant to suggest
that the Plaintiff’s mother care for the child without the assistance of a
caregiver. While such an argument might evoke some sympathy from the court,
the point is that the Plaintiff has to prove her case with evidence and not
just rely on arguments.

96 In the absence of more evidence to support this claim, I am of the view
that the Plaintiff has failed to establish her claim for a caregiver for the
son, whether on a full-time or part-time basis, and I dismiss it.

(C) Equipment and mobility aids

97 The Plaintiff claimed expenses for four electrical scooters and four
electrical wheelchairs (see Annexure D). The Plaintiff claimed that she had to
replace some of these which she had damaged. However, there was no separate
documentary evidence to support the purchase of any of such items. She said
they were included in the hospital bills but the description of the items in
the bills which she said were for such expenses was too vague. The description
did not specifically state that the items were electrical scooters or
wheelchairs. In any event, I have already allowed 80% of the hospital bills so
such items would have been included if they were really part of the hospital
bills.

98 The Plaintiff had a claim for equipment and mobility aids which comprised
17 items. These items are set out at Annexure D. The Plaintiff said that the
items were recommended by the physiotherapist. However, he did not recommend
the items in serial numbers 3, 7, 8, 9, 12 and 15. While he did recommend
electro pads in serial number 16, he said it was not necessary. As for the
batteries mentioned in serial number 17, there was no evidence that they
required change every week. Moreover, all these items were supposed to be pre-
trial expenses, ie, expenses already incurred. Yet the Plaintiff did not
produce any receipt for any of the items even though she could produce a
quotation from a supplier for various items. While the Plaintiff may not have
been careful with the receipts for some items of lower value, the situation
was not satisfactory bearing in mind that some of the items claimed cost more
than $100 each. I will allow $2,500 only for this sub-category, using a broad-
brush approach for items she may have paid for but the receipts were lost.

Post-trial general damages

(A) Loss of future earnings

(i) Multiplier

99 It is undisputed that the Plaintiff will be unlikely to return to the
working force. The Plaintiff’s date of birth is 23 May 1974. The claim for
special damages is up to 29 February 2016. As at 29 February 2016, she is
three months shy of 42 years of age.

100 The Plaintiff claimed that she has 30 years remaining of her working life,
ie, she would have worked till 72 years of age. She claimed a multiplier of 20
years but the precedents she cited did not support a two-third award.

101 The Defendant submitted a multiplier of 12 years without elaborating
whether it agreed that the Plaintiff would have worked till 72 years of age.
It appears that some of the precedents it cited were based on a retirement age
below 72.

102 There was no retirement age for the Plaintiff. I agree that it is
reasonable to infer that she would have worked till 72 years of age, subject
to the contingencies of life. This worked out to another 30 years. However,
based on precedents cited by both sides, the appropriate multiplier is about
half after taking into account the benefit of accelerated payment and the
contingencies of life. Therefore, I am of the view that the appropriate
multiplier is 15 years.

(ii) Multiplicand

103 As for the multiplicand, the Plaintiff submitted that it should be $6,000
per month as at the date of the accident. Since the accident was in October
2009, the Plaintiff based this claim on her income for calendar years 2005 to
2008 which were between $71,335 and $73,650 per year. Hence, she used $72,000
per year working out to $6,000 per month. She excluded the income in 2009 as
that was not for a full year.

104 The Plaintiff sought an increase of $500 per month for each period of five
years and was prepared to deduct 2.5% for income tax.

105 The Defendant submitted that the multiplicand should be $5,153.37 per
month. This was because the Defendant used a longer period to calculate the
Plaintiff’s monthly income, ie, 1 January 2003 to 15 October 2009 instead of
the Plaintiff’s calculation which was based on income from 2005 to 2008. The
Defendant included calendar years 2003 and 2004 because the Plaintiff’s income
for each of those years was $48,000 (which then increased to about $72,000
between 2005 and 2008). The Defendant also included the Plaintiff’s income for
2009 which was $42,000 and divided it by 9.5 since the accident occurred on 15
October 2009. This meant that the Plaintiff’s income was about $4,421 per
month in 2009. Therefore, her income in 2003, 2004 and 2009 reduced the
average for the period from 2003 to 15 October 2009 to $5,153.37.

106 I am of the view that the income for 2009 should not be taken into account
because the Plaintiff was not asked by the Defendant to explain why the
average income was lower than the preceding four years. There might have been
some reason why the average income of the business that year was reduced so
that the Plaintiff’s own income was in turn reduced.

107 I am also of the view that the last four years before 2009, ie, from 2005
to 2008 (both years included) are a sufficient period to determine her average
income. Accordingly, I accept that her average income was $6,000 per month at
the time of the accident.

108 However, I do not accept that her income would have increased due to plans
to expand the business. Those plans might have succeeded or failed.

(iii) Income tax

109 In addition, as I am not inclined to allow any increase, I will balance
this by not taking into account any income tax of 2.5% as was done by Tay Yong
Kwang J in Toh Wai Sie and another v Rajendran s/o G Selamuthu [2012] SGHC 33.

110 Accordingly, the multiplier is $6,000 per month without any increase in
the future and without any deduction for income tax. The total is $6,000 per
month x 12 x 15 = $1,080,000. The multiplier and multiplicand are reflected in
Annexure E.

(B) Future expenses

(i) Multiplier

111 The Plaintiff’s claim for future expenses is also set out in Annexure E.
The multiplier for future expenses will usually be higher than for loss of
future earnings as a plaintiff would usually be expected to live beyond her
working life.

112 The Plaintiff based her calculations for post-trial expenses on the
premise that she would live to 85 years of age, ie, another 43 years and
claimed a multiplier of 25 years.

113 The Defendant did not disagree that the average life span of a Singaporean
female was 85 years of age. However, in view of the Plaintiff’s decreased
immunity and overall deterioration of mental and physical health, the
Defendant submitted that the court should adopt the lower of the range from
precedents between one-third and one-half of the Plaintiff’s remaining years
of 43 years. The Defendant suggested 15 years but that was because it was
working on 85 minus 40 years of age = 45 x 1/3 = 15 years. If the Defendant
had worked for another 43 years instead of 45 years, the figure would be about
14.33 years.

114 Based on precedents, the multiplier tends to be half rather than one-third
of the remaining years. This appears to be consistent with the multiplier for
post-trial loss of future earnings which I have assessed based on half the
remaining number of years of the Plaintiff’s working life. As for the
Defendant’s submission about the Plaintiff’s lower immunity and deterioration
of mental and physical health, there was some merit in this argument as a
matter of inference, although no medical evidence was called to substantiate
this point. However, instead of taking the remaining years of the Plaintiff
and multiplying it by one-third, I think that the correct approach is to
deduct, say, five years from the expected life span from 85 to 80 years of
age. This means the Plaintiff’s remaining years is 80-42 = 38 years. Half of
that is 19 years which I will use as the appropriate multiplier unless
otherwise stated.

(ii) Future medical expenses

115 As for the future medical expenses, I will not allow the Plaintiff’s claim
for Dr Chew Chou for the reasons stated above at [53] to [54].

116 For the psychiatrist Dr Sim, the Plaintiff claimed $21,540 per year based
on:

(a) $10,400 for weekly consultations (ie, $200 x 52 weeks);

(b) $ 2,400 per annum for psychotherapy; and

(c) $ 8,740 for medication.

117 The Defendant disputed the cost of medication in its submissions but did
not question Dr Sim on this when Dr Sim gave evidence. There was also no
challenge on the other items then. I will therefore allow $21,540 per annum
for 19 years = $409,260.

118 For the neurologist Dr Ho King Hee, the Defendant accepted the
multiplicand of $10,000 per annum. I will therefore allow this item at $10,000
per annum x 19 = $190,000.

119 For the rheumatologist Dr Boey, the Defendant submitted that his treatment
would overlap with that of another doctor, Dr Ho King Hee. Also, the internist
Dr Chong would be able to address the Plaintiff’s vitamin D deficiency. While
the latter may be true, the Defendant did not question the need for a
rheumatologist when Dr Chong or any other doctor was giving evidence. I will
allow this item at $2,000 per annum (as claimed) x 19 = $38,000.

120 For Dr Chong, the Plaintiff claimed $91,000 per annum as follows:

(a)| Twice weekly consultations| $37,000  
---|---|---  
(b)| Pharmacy bills excluding psychiatric and analgesia medication| $30,000  
(c)| Periodic scans of the pelvis, joints and spine | $24,000  
Total:| $91,000  
  
121 The Defendant submitted that in Dr Chong’s medical report dated 8 November
2014, Dr Chong had said that the Plaintiff will need to see him on a weekly
basis and twice a week when her condition is exacerbated. The Defendant also
relied on the Plaintiff’s medical history with her then principal physician Dr
Lim Ing Ruen (from October 2009 to 14 November 2011) and Dr Chong (from 14
November 2011 to February 2014) to submit that the frequency of future
consultations with Dr Chong was too frequent. Yet the Defendant did not query
Dr Chong on this when Dr Chong was giving evidence. Based on twice weekly
consultations, this worked out to say, 105 consultations per annum. The annual
estimated consultation fee is $37,000 which works out to $37,000/105. This in
turn works out to about $352 per consultation which appears to be rather high
if compared with an ordinary outpatient consultation with a general
practitioner. Perhaps Dr Chong was mindful that consultation by the Plaintiff
would take more time than one by an ordinary patient with common ailments
and/or he had included consultations by the Plaintiff if she should be warded
in hospital. In any event, the Defendant did not question Dr Chong on his
consultation charges. Neither was this point raised in submission. There may
have been a good reason for the quantum of his charges. I allow the twice
weekly consultations at $37,000 per annum.

122 The Defendant submitted that Dr Chong did not provide a list of medication
or a breakdown of the costs. However, again, the Defendant did not seek any
elaboration from Dr Chong on this even though the Defendant knew of Dr Chong’s
estimates. Likewise, Dr Chong’s estimates for the periodic scans, which
appeared excessive, were not questioned in cross-examination. Therefore, I
allow these items in full.

123 In summary, I allow the expenses in respect of Dr Chong as follows:

(a)| Consultation| $37,000  
---|---|---  
(b)| Pharmacy bills excluding psychiatric and analgesia medication| $30,000  
(c)| Periodic scans of the pelvis, joints and spine| $24,000  
Total:| $91,000 per annum  
  
124 For the physiotherapist Mr Lim, the Plaintiff claimed $78,000 per year.
This is based on five visits per week x two sessions each visit. Mr Lim
explained that the Plaintiff’s joints stiffen up daily. Thus when he has
applied physiotherapy on one day, the joints would stiffen by the next day. In
his view, she required daily physiotherapy of two sessions per visit. Yet, the
Plaintiff did not go for physiotherapy with him over weekends or when she has
an appointment with a doctor which clashes with the timing of her appointment
with Mr Lim. Mr Lim had to see other patients on Saturdays and he did not work
on Sundays. Even then, if it was necessary for her to go for physiotherapy
daily, she would have seen an alternate physiotherapist on Saturdays and
Sundays when Mr Lim was not available. The fact that the Plaintiff did not go
for physiotherapy over weekends suggested that while it was preferable for her
to go for physiotherapy daily, this was not necessary. Accordingly, I am of
the view that it would be reasonable for the Defendant to bear such expenses
for three times a week which is 60% of the Plaintiff’s claim for five times a
week. Therefore, I will allow 60% of $78,000 = $46,800 per annum x 19 =
$889,200. I will also allow the Plaintiff to claim for two sessions each time
so there is no reduction for a single session.

125 I should mention that there is no separate item of claim for Mr Lim’s fees
for pre-trial damages. This is because his fees were already included in the
hospital bills. As I have reduced those bills by 20% across the board, I did
not apply a further reduction for Mr Lim’s fees for pre-trial damages.

126 The Plaintiff claimed $1,000 per annum for the services of each of the
following:

(a) a gastroenterologist;

(b) a gynaecologist; and

(c) an otolaryngologist

127 The Defendant agreed that the Plaintiff’s gastroenterological problems
were associated with PTSD. However, the Defendant submitted that such problems
could be managed by Dr Chong. Again, this was not put to Dr Chong.

128 As for the services of a gynaecologist in respect of possible future
complications from an ovarian cyst which I have discussed above under special
damages, the Defendant did not advance any further argument beyond saying that
it was hearsay evidence. I have addressed this argument at [55] above.

129 As for the services of an otolaryngologist, ie, a ear, throat and nose
specialist like Dr Lim Ing Ruen, the Defendant submitted that as Dr Chong had
testified that the need for such care has been reduced, it can be effectively
managed by an internist like Dr Chong. However, I note that Dr Chong did not
say that it could be managed by him.

130 As for the quantum of $1,000 per annum for the services of each of these
three doctors, the Plaintiff relied on her past outpatient bills as stated in
her Further Clarification dated 6 October 2016 at paras 16 to 18. However,
these bills did not add up to $1,000 per annum for every one of the doctors.
Secondly, the bills were spread over various periods many years ago and it was
uncertain whether a similar frequency of consultation would apply in future.
Accordingly, I will allow $200 per annum for each of these three doctors. This
works out to $200 x 19 = $3,800 for each of them.

131 The Plaintiff also initially claimed $1,000 per annum for a respiratory
specialist and $1,000 per annum for an ophthalmologist. These two items were
dropped at para 51 of the Plaintiff’s reply submission dated 2 August 2016
although these claims re-surfaced in the Plaintiff’s Further Clarification at
para 19. I will not allow the claims for these expenses.

(iii) Future hospital expenses

132 The Plaintiff’s multiplicand for future hospital expenses was based on an
average of her hospital expenses between 3 June 2015 and 3 March 2016.
However, such expenses were not confined to hospital (and hospital-related
charges) only. They included doctors’ fees. Consequently, the Plaintiff
claimed:

(a)| Average hospital charges| $34,631.24 per month  
---|---|---  
(b)| Average of doctors’ fees| $37,803.30 per month  
Total:| $72,434.54 per month  
  
133 Some details are set out in the Plaintiff’s Clarification of 22 September
2016 at paras 17 to 20. The hospital bills which the Plaintiff relied on to
calculate her average expenses were for the following periods:

(a)| 3/6/2015 to 6/8/2015 | 64 days  
---|---|---  
(b)| 6/8/2015 to 6/10/2015 | 62 days  
(c)| 6/10/2015 to 21/12/2015 | 76 days  
(d)| 24/12/2015 to 2/3/2016 | 69 days  
  
134 The Plaintiff had divided the bills by nine as they spanned about nine
months in order to derive the average monthly bill for hospital charges and
for doctors’ fees. However, the Plaintiff omitted to take into account the
fact that for most of the days, she was staying in an executive room and not
an ordinary single room. For example, she was staying in an executive room for
the following number of days:

(a)| 3/6/2015 to 6/8/2015 | 54 out of 64 days  
---|---|---  
(b)| 6/8/2015 to 6/10/2015 | 61 out of 62 days  
(c)| 6/10/2015 to 21/12/2015 | 44 out of 76 days  
(d)| 24/12/2015 to 2/3/2016 | 69 out of 69 days  
  
135 That is why the hospital charges seemed high. The second reason why the
hospital charges seemed high was because much of the medication was dispensed
from the hospital. For example, they included Panadol and panadeine tablets
which are painkillers, Caltrade D tablets which are calcium tablets with
Vitamin D, and Viatril S capsules for glucosamine to mitigate deterioration of
joints and ease pain in joints. These need not be dispensed by the hospital.
More attention should be paid to reduce such expenses in the future. Thirdly,
there were charges for food which I assume were for the Plaintiff’s visitors
and not the Plaintiff herself as her food should be part of her room charges.

136 The difference between an executive room and an ordinary single room was
$400 per day. Over 30 days, this would amount to $12,000 per month. This would
reduce the average monthly hospital charge from $34,631.24 to $22,631.24 but I
have to bear in mind that she did not use an executive room for every day
during the above periods. Even then, after taking into account other expenses
which she can save on, I will use $22,500 per month as the average hospital
charge, excluding doctor’s inpatient charges.

137  As for the doctor’s inpatient charges, the bulk of it were the fees of Dr
Chong. For the periods above, his charges were:

(a)| About $856 per day (after dividing $54,807.33 over 64 days)  
---|---  
(b)| About $660 per day (after dividing $40,905.89 over 62 days)  
(c)| About $793 per day (after dividing $41,195 + $19,063.66 over 76 days)  
(d)| About $828 per day (after dividing $57,155.76 over 69 days)  
  
138 It was not clear to the court whether the estimate of Dr Chong’s fees
discussed above at [120] to [123] already made provision for any attendance on
the Plaintiff when she is warded in hospital. The estimates of Dr Chong’s fees
were provided by him (or his office) while the average of the doctor’s
inpatient charges were lifted and used by the Plaintiff’s solicitors from the
hospital bills quite possibly without checking with Dr Chong whether there was
any overlap. In my view, there was a likelihood of overlap. Otherwise Dr
Chong’s fees for consultation would appear high as previously mentioned at
[121].

139 Secondly, some of the doctors’ fees incurred in the above bills might not
have been due to the Plaintiff’s PTSD as mentioned above.

140 Instead of applying a discount of 20% as I did for the pre-trial damages,
I will apply a discount of 40% to also provide for any overlap between the
outpatient fees claimed by Dr Chong and those to be charged by him when the
Plaintiff is hospitalised. This works out to $37,803.30 x 60% = $22,682 per
month.

141 Therefore, the average for the hospital charges and medical charges per
month is $22,500 + $22,682 = $45,182 per month.

142 As for the multiplier, the Plaintiff did not stick to just one period of
23 years. Instead, she divided her claim for future hospital expenses into two
periods:

(a) for the entire period from 3 March 2016 to 31 December 2016; and

(b) for three months of each year for 23 years from 1 January 2017.

143 The Plaintiff’s claim for the first of the two periods was because she was
still warded at the time of the assessment hearing and Dr Sim did not expect
her to be discharged until 31 December 2016. Since I used a cut-off date of 29
February 2016 for pre-trial expenses, the first period should commence from 1
March 2016 and not 3 March 2016.

144 However, the more important question was whether the court should allow
the Plaintiff to claim for two periods as stated above or one single period of
19 years, since that was the multiplier that the court was using for other
future expenses. The assessment hearing was not concluded until 22 March 2016.
Even then, the court subsequently required clarification from the parties on
various matters. By the time this judgment is released, it is likely to be
close to 31 December 2016. It appears likely from the evidence of Dr Sim that
the Plaintiff will stay on in hospital till at least 31 December 2016. In the
circumstances, I will allow the Plaintiff to claim the future expenses for
this head of claim over two periods:

(a) for the entire period from 1 March 2016 to 31 December 2016, ie, ten
months;

(b) for a certain period of each year for the years from 1 January 2017 but
the multiplier may not be 19 years (“the Remainder Period”).

145 The next question was whether I should allow the Plaintiff’s claim for
three months of hospital expenses for each year for the Remainder Period.

146 Although Dr Sim had said in a report dated 3 November 2014 that the
Plaintiff would require frequent hospitalisation when she decompensates, Dr
Sim did not specify that this was likely to be over three months in a year.
Neither did Dr Chong. The estimate of three months in a year was a figure
which was not derived from any of the Plaintiff’s medical experts.

147 I note that an important trigger causing stress for the Plaintiff was the
litigation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 18/3/16 p 92.

Now that the trial was over, there should be less stress for her.
Nevertheless, I accept Dr Sim’s evidence that it was not just a question of
eliminating the triggers. The Plaintiff had to be able to face her triggers.
14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE 18/3/16 p 100.

Therefore, it was likely that she would decompensate from time to time and
hospitalisation would then be likely.

148 The difficulty was that it was unclear how often the Plaintiff would
decompensate and require hospitalisation, even after all the effort put in by
Dr Sim. The duration of each future stay in hospital was also unclear. In the
circumstances, I will allow the Plaintiff to claim hospital expenses for one
month, instead of three months, in each year for the Remainder Period.

149 Therefore, I allow the claim for the ten months from 1 March 2016 to 31
December 2016 but based on an average of $45,182 per month. This works out to
$451,820 for ten months.

150 As for the Remainder Period, since it commences from 1 January 2017 and
not 1 March 2016, I will use a multiplier of 17 years (instead of 19 years)
for this head of claim. At one month of hospitalisation per year, this works
out to $45,182 x 17 = $768,094.

151 The total for the two periods is $1,219,914.

(iv) Future transport expenses

152 The Plaintiff claimed future transport expenses on the same formula as the
claim for transport expenses as special damages. For the reasons already
discussed, I will allow her only $3,600 per annum x 19 = $68,400 for this
claim.

(v) Future caregiver expenses for the Plaintiff

153 The Plaintiff’s claim for future caregiver expenses for herself was based
on the same premise and reasons as her claim for such expenses pre-trial. She
was claiming for part-time caregivers based on a quotation she had obtained. I
am not persuaded that she cannot enlist the aid of a full-time domestic help.
As discussed in the context of pre-trial expenses, the Defendant had agreed
that the Plaintiff should be entitled to claim expenses for a full-time
domestic help after she is discharged from hospital.

154 However, neither side provided the court with evidence of an estimate of
how much a full-time help would cost. Instead, the Defendant mentioned in its
written submission, at paras 184 and 185, the case of AOD (a minor suing by
his litigation representative) v AOE [2014] SGHCR 21 (“AOD v AOE”) to present
the cost of a foreign full-time domestic help. Such was the state of the
evidence before me. In that case, the salary was $480 per month and the maid
levy was $83.85 per month. The court allowed $80 per month for the cost of the
maid’s food, medical bills and lodging by referring to Kwok Seng Fatt Jeremy v
Choy Chee Hau [2003] SGHC 308 at [15]. The court also accepted the plaintiff’s
claim for contract renewal fee of $300 once in two years, return airfare of
$300 which appeared to be for every two years and insurance premium of $321
which also appeared to be for every two years.

155 The court there also accepted that 30 days respite should be allowed so as
to avoid burnout for the domestic help and for this, nursing care had to be
provided. This was accepted by both sides in that case. However, as no
evidence or submission was made for this aspect in the present case before me,
I will disregard it.

156 Coming back to the figures which the Defendant raised in submission, it
may be that the salary and other expenses for a full-time help has increased
since the case of AOD v AOE. However, in the absence of evidence, I will use
the figures mentioned in that case unless there is some other reason why I
should not do so. For example, I would mention that I note that the maid levy
in AOD v AOE is said to be $83.85 per month. However, it was not clear from
the judgment in that case how that sum was derived beyond the fact that the
sum was derived from documents of the plaintiff. The ordinary monthly levy may
in fact be more. On the other hand, there may be a concessionary rate for
persons with disability which could be less than $83.85 per month. In any
event, the Plaintiff did not object to the figures suggested by the Defendant
in submission if the court were to reject her claim based on rates for part-
time caregivers. She was content simply to rest her case on the rates for
part-time caregivers without providing evidence for an alternative basis of
calculation, ie, for a full-time domestic help. Thus, her submission did not
address this alternative basis.

157 I would also mention that I am doubtful if there should be a claim for
lodging if the help is staying with the Plaintiff but as the Defendant was
prepared to include it, I need say no more on this item.

158 In the circumstances, I allow the following:

S/N| Items| Per month  
---|---|---  
(a)| Salary for full-time domestic help| $480.00  
(b)| Levy| $83.85  
(c)| Food, medical bills and lodging| $80.00  
(d)| Contract renewal fee ($100 averaged for one year)| $8.33  
(e)| Return airticket ($150 averaged for one year)| $12.50  
(f)| Insurance premium ($160.50 averaged for one year)| $13.38  
Total:| $678.06  
  
159 I will round up the above figure of $678.06 to $680 per month. This works
out to $8,160 per annum x 19 = $155,040.

(vi) Future caregiver expenses for the Plaintiff’s son

160 The Plaintiff’s claim for a caregiver for her son in the future is not
allowed for the reasons already discussed in the claim for this item as
special damages for pre-trial expenses.

(vii) Future expenses for wheelchairs, safety facilities and mobility aids

(a) Wheelchairs

161 The Plaintiff claimed $115,880 being her expenses for an aluminium
foldable light weight wheelchair and related items as follows:

S/N| Items| Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Aluminium foldable light weight wheelchair (requires change every 3 years)  
($3,200 x 8 years)| $25,600  
2| Jay 2 deep contour cushion  
(requires change every 2 years)  
| $ 7,200  
3| E-Fix E35 24” 7.5AH  
(requires change every 3 years)  
| $57,600  
4| Attendant control for E35  
($885 x 8 years)| $ 7,080  
5| Additional spare battery (litium)  
(requires change every 1 year)  
| $18,400  
Total:| $115,880  
  
162 The Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff should be allowed to claim the
cost of a manual wheelchair instead of an electrical one. The average cost for
a manual wheelchair was about $2,333 as compared with $12,085 (see items 1, 3,
4 and 5 of the table above) claimed for an electrical one. The Defendant gave
two reasons for a manual wheelchair. First, the Plaintiff had claimed that she
had damaged three electrical wheelchairs (and four electrical scooters) before
the assessment hearing, even when she had the aid of a helper. Therefore, she
should use a manual wheelchair. Secondly, there was a reference in one medical
report from Dr Ho King Hee dated 18 September 2014 which mentioned that the
Plaintiff had used an un-motorized wheelchair because she did not feel safe
using a motorized wheelchair. Furthermore, the Plaintiff’s physiotherapist
said that she goes for her physiotherapy using a manual wheelchair. However, I
would add that the physiotherapist did go on to say that the Plaintiff also
has a motorised one, otherwise she cannot move at all when she is alone. The
physiotherapist also said that the Plaintiff is rather heavy. As the Plaintiff
is not claiming for two wheelchairs, I will allow the Plaintiff’s claim for an
electrical wheelchair and the contour cushion as well which were recommended
by the physiotherapist. I will also have to consider the durability of the
items as mentioned in a quotation from a supplier. The estimated duration for
the wheelchair (see s/nos 1 and 3 in the table above) is three to five years.
I will use a duration of five years. The estimated duration for the cushion
(see s/no 2) is two to three years. I will use three years. There is no
indicative duration for s/no 4. The estimated duration of the litium battery
is one to two years. I will use two years. Therefore, I allow the claim as
follows:

S/N| Items| Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Aluminium foldable light weight wheelchair (based on every five years over
19 years)  
($3,200 x 3.8 years)| $12,160  
2| Jay 2 deep contour cushion  
(based on every three years over 19 years)  
| $3,780  
3| E-Fix E35 24” 7.5AH  
(based on every five years over 19 years)  
| $27,360  
4| Attendant control for E35  
| $885  
5| Additional spare battery (litium)  
  
9.5 years)| $7,600  
Total:| $51,785  
  
(b) Safety facilities and mobility aids

163 The Plaintiff claimed the future costs of various safety facilities and
mobility aids as listed in para 235 of her written submissions dated 11 July
2016. I will allow the items where recommended by the physiotherapist. The
durability of each of such items is also to be taken into account. The
Plaintiff sought to use the minimum period of durability (estimated by a
supplier) to increase her claim amounts. I have used the maximum period
instead. Details are set out in Annexure E.

Interest and costs

164 The total of the general and special damages, including post-trial general
damages, exceeds $8.6 million. The Plaintiff claimed interest at 5.33% per
annum for general and special damages from the date of the writ to date of
judgment. The Defendant referred to Quek Yen Fei Kenneth v Yeo Chye Huat
[2016] 3 SLR 1106 (“Quek Yen Fei”) where Tay J had awarded interest as
follows:

(a) 5.33% per annum for general damages for pain and suffering from the date
of the writ to the date of judgment;

(b) 2.67% per annum for special damages from the date of accident to the date
of judgment; and

(c) no interest on other items of general damages (ie, loss of future earnings
and future expenses).

165 Before me, the Defendant submitted that the interest rate should be 2.67%
per annum and to run from the date of the writ (7 September 2012) to the date
of judgment for general damages for pain and suffering and the same interest
rate from the date of first assessment of damages hearing to date of judgment
for special damages; with no interest on other items of general damages.

166 However, upon reading the judgment in Quek Yen Fei, I note that the
interest rates were agreed by the parties. Also, the defendant there had
agreed to the interest for special damages to run from the date of the
accident as claimed by the plaintiff. The only dispute was when the interest
for general damages was to run.

167 In the present case before me, there was no agreement between the parties
on the interest rate. The Plaintiff was claiming 5.33% per annum for all the
damages while the Defendant was proposing 2.67%. However, the Plaintiff was
content to ask for the interest rate to run from the date of the writ of
summons, ie, 7 September 2012, almost 35 months after the date of the accident
on 15 October 2009 and not from the date of the accident.

168 I will allow the Plaintiff interest as follows:

(a) On special damages at the rate of 3% per annum from the date of the writ
to the date just before judgment.

(b) On general damages for pain and suffering and loss of marriage prospect at
the rate of 3% per annum from the date of the writ to the date just before
judgment.

(c) On post-trial general damages, no pre-hearing interest.

169 The statutory rate of 5.33% per annum will apply on all the damages from
the date of judgment to date of payment.

170 As the Defendant has made some interim payments to the Plaintiff, such
payments are to be taken into account for the purpose of calculating interest.
The parties are to agree on this, failing which the court will determine how
they are to be taken into account.

171 On costs, the Plaintiff submitted that the assessment hearing was fixed
for a total of nine hearing days although only five days were used. Following
costs guidelines, the Plaintiff claimed $15,000 per day for the entire nine
days with disbursements and GST to be agreed or taxed. Based on this formula,
the Plaintiff should have claimed $135,000. Instead, her written submissions
at para 246 claimed $111,000. Perhaps this was due to an error. The Plaintiff
submitted that a tariff fixed at $15,000 per day of scheduled hearing (whether
utilised or not) was appropriate bearing in mind the following:

(a) there was a total of ten expert medical witnesses;

(b) the numerous medical reports and documents to be considered by parties;

(c) the complexity of the nature of the claims involved;

(d) the interlocutory applications made for leave for the plaintiff to be
allowed to make use of video conferencing facilities at the hearing of the
assessment of damages;

(e) the numerous attendances and co-ordination made with the High Court
registry and a total of three different vendors for the provision of video
conferencing facilities; and

(f) there was an interval of nine months between the two tranches of
assessment hearing dates necessitating additional work done to review, refresh
and to prepare for the second tranche of hearing.

172 The Defendant submitted that only four hearing dates were used. At $16,000
per day, this would amount to $64,000 with disbursements and GST to be agreed
or fixed by the court.

173 I agree that only four hearing days were used. However, this was because
the Defendant eventually agreed to dispense with cross-examination of some of
the Plaintiff’s doctors. Also, the Defendant’s cross-examination was not as
comprehensive as it should have been and consequently, various items were
either not explored at all or not explored in greater depth as would have been
anticipated. I agree that the present claim was complex in nature with many
heads of claim, much more than seen before. The four days of hearing does not
accurately reflect the getting-up that was done before the hearing and the
submissions involved. The quantum claimed was the highest the court has seen
for personal injuries although I have allowed only a portion of the claim.

174 In my view, even at $135,000, such a figure would not be excessive at all.
I will allow the Plaintiff $135,000 as costs with disbursements and GST to be
agreed between the parties or fixed by the court.

Observation

175 It has been very difficult for the court to assess the damages for the
Plaintiff especially in the context of future expenses. I had asked the
parties to consider if a panel of doctors should be set up to review her
condition from time to time so as to obtain a better assessment of her future
needs. However, nothing was achieved from this suggestion. It was also unclear
whether future reviews would cause more stress to the Plaintiff than a patient
with only physical infirmities.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Chong Pik Wah (Wong Thomas & Leong) for the plaintiff;

Michael Eu Hai Meng (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the first defendant.  

Annexure A

General Damages

Pain and suffering and loss of amenities

S/N| Pain & Suffering and Loss of Amenities| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Post Traumatic Stress Disorder| $ 80,000| $ 50,000| $ 80,000  
2| Impairment of memory and cognitive injuries| $ 50,000| $ 25,000| $ 25,000  
3| Head injury| $ 15,000 }| $ 8,000| $ 10,000  
4| Benign positional paroxysmal vertigo|  }$ 6,000 }  
5| Fibromyalgia| $ 15,000| $ 10,000| $ 15,000  
6| Neck and back injuries, abrasions on face, arms and legs and spondylosis| $
15,000| $ 8,000| $ 8,000  
7| Other injuries:• Vitamin D deficiency• Irritable bowel syndrome• Lack of
control of bodily functions, urine and faecal incontinence• Depressed
immunity, deterioration of immune digestive and neurological systems•
Deterioration of physical functions, muscular strength and coordination•
Chronic fatigue and deterioration of overall stamina• Dysfunctional uterine
bleeding and ovarian cyst| $ 80,000| Nil| $ 20,000  
8| Loss of marriage prospect| $ 6,000| $ 6,000| $ 6,000  
| Sub-total:| $267,000| $107,000| $164,000  
  
Annexure B

Special Damages

(A) Medical and Hospital Expenses

S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Arthritis + Rheumatism Clinic Pte Ltd/Elim Arthritis + Rheumatism Clinic|
$655.20| Silent|  $ 655.20  
2| Boey Mee Leng Rheumatology & Medical Clinic Pte Ltd|  $5,661.90|
$5,661.90|  $5,661.90  
3| Centre for Creative Development| $64,732.00| Disputed| Nil  
4| Choo Wan Ling Women’s Clinic|  $502.20| Disputed|  $502.20  
5| Counselling Assessment & Therapy Services|  $400.00|  $400.00|  $400.00  
6| Gastroenterology Clinic Pte Ltd|  $3,084.30|  $3,084.30|  $3,084.30  
7| K H Ho Neurology & Medical Clinic|  $24,116.60| $19,023.40|  $24,116.60  
8| Lim Ing Ruen ENT Clinic| Nil| Nil| Nil  
9| L P Clinic Pte Ltd|  $82,990.95| $60,669.15| $82,990.95  
10| Ng Tay Meng Gastrointestinal and Liver Clinic Pte Ltd|  $ 1,059.00|
Disputed|  $1,059.00  
11| Orthopaedics International/  
Neurolosurgery International| $171.20| Silent|  $171.20  
12| Physio & Therapy Lodge Group Pte Ltd| Nil| Nil| Nil  
S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
13| Singapore Medical Specialist Centre| $46,775.86| $46,775.86| $46,775.86  
14| Gleneagles Hospital (original claim - $347,010.39)| $318,960.34| Disputed|
$ 255,168.27  
15| Mount Elizabeth Hospital (a) original claim - $2,337,212.49(b) reduced to
$2,081,961.29 after  
deduction of some room charges.(c) to deduct another $472.52 and  
$856 as per paras 5 to 9 of  
| $2,080,632.77| Disputed| $1,664,506.22  
Sub-total:| $2,629,742.32| $135,614.61| $2,085,091.70  
  
Annexure C

Special Damages

(B) Non-Medical Expenses (excluding equipment and mobility aids)

S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| Pre-trial loss of earnings from November 2009 to February 2016 (76 months)
x $6,000 per month| $456,000.00| $391,656.12| $456,000.00  
2| Taxi for 480 trips at $110 per trip from 21/4/2014| $ 52,800.00| Nil| $
6,600.00  
3| Full-time domestic help for Plaintiff| $ 6,397.00 }  
for unidentified}period }|  } }Nil } } } } | $ 51,680.00  
for 76 months  
4| Part-time caregiver for Plaintiff$246,375 (from 2010, 2011 and
2012)$693,000 (from 2013 to 29/2/2016)| $ 939,375 }for 74 months } }  
5| Part-time caregiver for Plaintiff’s son| $499,040.00| Nil| Nil  
Sub-total:| $1,953,612.00| $391,656.12| $514,280.00  
  
Annexure D

Special Damages

(C) Equipment and mobility aids

S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
1| (a) Electric scooter purchased from Gleneagles Hospital(b) Electric
wheelchair purchased from Gleneagles Hospital(c) Electric scooter purchased
from Mount Elizabeth Hospital| $ 4,849.88 } }$13,636.50 } }$ 4,018.70 }|  }
}Nil } } }| Already allowed under hospital expenses  
  
  
S/N|  
Items| Amount  
claimed  
---|---|---  
2| Intelect NMES Standard (requires change every 1 year)($345 x 3 sets)|
$1,035.00  
3| Magnetic Heating Pad (requires change every 1.5 year)($135 x 3 sets)|
$405.00  
4| Uroplast 3-ply Face Mask (1 box per week)($5.50 x 52 boxes x 5 years)|
$1,430.00  
5| Decpac Portable Ramp 0.9m (requires change every 1 year)| $1,150.00  
6| E’cencel Cold/Hot Pack- Large (requires change every 1 year)($96 x 5
years)| $480.00  
7| E’cencel Cold/Hot Pack-Small (requires change every 1 year)($76 x 5 years)|
$380.00  
8| Tena Super Adult L size (requires 5 bags per month)($40.70 x 5 x 12 x 5 years) | $12,210.00  
9| Hospice Wet Wipes (requires 1.5 packs per week)($3.40 x 1.5 x 52 x 5
years)| $1,326.00  
10| Tena Wash Glove (requires 1.3 packs per month)($25.50 x 1.3 x 12 x 5 years) | $1,989.00  
11| Rebotec Go-on Walking Frame (requires change every 1 year)($180 x 5
years)| $900.00  
12| Rising Quad Cane (requires change every 1 year)($48 x 5 years)| $240.00  
13| Comfycare Underpad (requires 8 packs per month)($4.20 x 8 x 12 x 5 years)|
$2,016.00  
14| Full Lumbar Roll (requires change every 1 year)($96 x 5 years)| $480.00  
15| Cervical Roll (requires change every 1 year)($96 x 5 years)| $480.00  
16| Valaprotect Sheet (requires 1 sheet per day)($1.60 x 365 x 5 years)|
$2,920.00  
17| Electro pads for Intelect NMES Standard (requires change every 2
weeks)($41.62 x 26 x 5 years)| $5,410.60  
18| Energizer battery for intellect NMES Standard (requires change every 1
week)($6.25 x 52 x 5 years)| $1,625.00  
Total:| $34,476.60  
Sub-total: (Lump sum allowed by the court)| $2,500  
  
Annexure E

Post-Trial General Damages

(A) Loss of Future Earnings

S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
---|---|---|---|---  
(i)| Multiplier| 20 years| 12 years| 15 years  
(ii)| Multiplicand| $6,000 per month + $500 increase every 5 years| $5,153.37
per month with no increase| $6,000 per month with no increase and no tax  
(iii)| Income tax| 2.5%| 2.5%| Nil  
Subtotal:| $1,080,000  
(B) Future Expenses  
(i)| Multipier| 23 years| 15 years| 19 years  
(ii)| Future medical expenses  
(a)| Dr Chew Chou Mei Ling(psychologist)| $ 30,000 per annum| Nil| Nil  
(b)| Dr Sim Li Ping (psychiatrist) | $ 21,540 per annum| Disputed| $21,540 p/a x 19   
= $409,260  
(c)| Dr Ho King Hee (neurologist)| $ 10,000 per annum| $10,000 per annum|
$10,000 p/a x 19  
= $190,000  
(d)| Dr Boey Mee Ling (rheumatologist)| $ 2,000 per annum| Disputed| $ 2,000
p/a x 19  
= $38,000  
(e)| Dr Chong Yeh Woei (internist)| $ 91,000 per annum| Disputed| $91,000 p/a
x 19  
= 1,729,000  
S/N| Items| Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
(f) | Jonathan Lim (physiotherapist)| $ 78,000 per annum| Disputed| $46,800 p/a x 19   
= $889,200  
(g)| Gastroenterologist| $ 1,000 per annum| Silent| $200 p/a x 19  
= $3,800  
(h)| Gynaecologist| $ 1,000 per annum| Disputed| $200 p/a x 19  
= $3,800  
(i) | Otolaryngologist| $ 1,000 per annum| Silent| $200 p/a x 19   
= $3,800  
(j)| Respiratory specialist andOphthalmologist| Claims withdrawn| NA| Nil  
Sub-total:| $3,266,860  
(iii)| Future hospital expenses  
(a)(b)| Claim for hospital expenses from 3 March to 31 December 2016Claim for hospital expenses thereafter (for 3 months each year from 1 January 2017 for 23 years) | $ 34,631.24 per month for hospital expenses (excluding doctors’fees)$ 37,803.30 per month for doctors’ fees| Disputed| (a) $45,182 per month for ten months from 1 March 2016 to 31 December 2016 = $451,820  
  
per year for 17 years = $768,094  
S/N| Items | Plaintiff| Defendant| Court  
(iv)| Future transport expenses:• to attend physiotherapy sessions (at $110
per trip x 5 x 52 weeks)  
• to attend outpatient medical appointments (at $110 per trip x 4.5 x 52 weeks)| $ 28,600 per annum} } }$ 25,740 per annum} }|  } }Disputed } } } | $3,600 p/a x 19   
= $68,400  
(v)| Future caregiver expenses for the Plaintiff | $221,572 per annum| About $8,136 per annum| $8,160 p/a x 19 = $155,040  
(vi)| Future caregiver expenses for the Plaintiff’s son| $162,240 per annum|
Nil| Nil  
Sub-total:| $1,443,354  
(vii) | Future expenses for wheelchairs, safety facilities and mobility aids   
(a)| Aluminium foldable light weight wheelchair and related items| $115,880|
Disputed| $51,785.00  
(b)| Safety facilities and mobility aids  
1| Intelect NMES Standard ($345 per unit)  
Portable electrotherapy neuromuscular electrical stimulate  
rability – 1 to 2 years  
Based on every 2 years over 19 years, I allow $345 x 9.5 | $3,277.50  
2| Electro pads for Intelect NMES Standard (s/no 26 of Plaintiff’s claim)Plaintiff claims $41.62 per unit once every 2 weeks but the unit price and the frequency of change are both not supported by evidence. I allow $41.62 for once a year. So the total will be $41.62 x 19 | $ 790.78  
3| Energizer battery for Intelect NMES Standard (s/no 27 of Plaintiff’s
claim)Plaintiff claims $6.25 per unit once every week but the unit price and
the frequency of change are both not supported by evidence. The reference in
the supplier’s quotation merely refers to a 9-volt battery without
elaboration.I allow $6.25 for once a year. So the total will be $6.25 x 19| $
118.75  
4| Magnetic Heating Pad ($135 per unit)Durability – 1.5 to 2 yearsBased on every 2 years over 19 years, I allow $135 x 9.5 | $1,282.50  
5| Nizza Shower Chair – Rebotec ($199 per unit)Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $199 x 6.33 | $1,259.67  
6| Stainless Steel Grab Bars – 18” ($26 per unit x 2)Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $52 x 6.33 | $ 329.16  
7| Stainless Steel Grab Bars – 24” ($30 per unit x 3) Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $90 x 6.33 | $ 569.70  
8| Stainless Steel Grab Bars – 36” ($45 per unit x 3)Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $135 x 6.33 | $ 854.55  
9| Stainless Steel Foldaway Grab Bars 30” ($128 per unit) Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $128 x 6.33 | $ 810.24  
10| Self-propel Deluxe Padded Commode ($880 per unit)Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $880 x 6.33 | $5,570.40  
11| Uroplast 3-ply Face Mask| Disallowed  
12| Decpac Portable Ramp 0.9m ($1,150 per unit)Durability – 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $1,150 x 6.33 | $7,279.50  
13| Aluminium Wedge Ramp 10cm height ($148 per unit)Durability – 2 to 3
yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $148 x 6.33| $ 936.84  
14| E’cencel Cold/Hot Pack – Large ($48 per unit x 2)Durability – 1 to 2
yearsBased on every 2 years over 19 years, I allow $96 x 9.5| $ 912.00  
15| E’cencel Cold/Hot Pack – Small ($38 per unit x 2)Durability – 1 to 2
yearsBased on every 2 years over 19 years, I allow $76 x 9.5| $ 722.00  
16| Tena Super Adult L size| Disallowed  
17| Hospice Wet Wipe| Disallowed  
18| Tena Wash Glove| Disallowed  
19| Rebotec Go-on Walking Frame ($180 per unit)Durability – 1 yearI allow $180
x 19| $ 3,420.00  
20| Rising Quad Cane ($48 per unit)Durability – 1 yearI allow $48 x 19| $
912.00  
21| Geriatic Electric Reclining (JBS 181-8B)(Physiotherapist recommended it
but said not really necessary)| Disallowed  
22| Kcare Overbed Table ($299 per unit)Durability – 2 to 3 yearsBased on every 3 years over 19 years, I allow $299 x 6.33 | $ 1,892.67  
23| Comfycare Underpad| Disallowed  
24| Full Lumbar Roll ($48 per unit x 2)Durability -1 yearI allow $96 x 19| $
1,824.00  
25| Cervical Roll ($48 per unit x 2)Durability – 1 yearI allow $96 x 19| $
1,824.00  
26| Valaprotect Sheet| Disallowed  
27| Neckpro Cervical Traction ($300 per unit)Durability – 1 to 2 yearsBased on
every 2 years over 19 years, I allow $300 x 9.5| $ 2,850.00  
| Sub-total:| $ 89,221.26  
Grand Total| $8,645,306.96  
  
![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

