Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Singapore international commercial court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC(I) 5

Suit No 2 of 2016  
(Summons No 4 of 2016)

Between

BNP Paribas Wealth Management  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Jacob Agam  
---|---  
(2)| Ruth Agam  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of court proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BNP Paribas Wealth Management

  
v

  

Jacob Agam and another

[2016] SGHC(I) 5

Singapore International Commercial Court — Suit No 2 of 2016 (Summons No 4 of
2016)  
Steven Chong J, Roger Giles IJ and Dominique Hascher IJ  
30 August 2016

28 October 2016 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 It is the prerogative of a litigant to decide whom he wishes to sue and
where legal proceedings should be commenced to vindicate his claims. Owing to
differences in the substantive and procedural laws of various jurisdictions,
it is not uncommon for a litigant to “forum shop” – to choose the jurisdiction
which is perceived by him to be the most advantageous. Correspondingly, that
choice would almost invariably be either adverse or less advantageous from the
perspective of his opposing party.

2 The choice of forum can confer substantive advantages in addition to
strategic benefits. The law over the years has developed several principles to
curtail a litigant’s right to choose a forum. In some instances, the
jurisdiction of the court is challenged altogether by the other party. In
other situations, the court might be asked to stay the proceedings in favour
of another jurisdiction. Such an application can arise in a variety of ways –
due to a breach of an exclusive jurisdiction clause or an arbitration
agreement, lis alibi pendens or forum non conveniens – and the stay could
either be mandatory or discretionary. Each of these doctrines are informed by
the overriding principle that the court has to achieve a just outcome by
balancing a litigant’s right to choose a forum against the need to hold the
parties to their contractual choice, if any, and to ensure that the dispute is
heard in the most appropriate forum for the adjudication of the claim.

3 The present case is not a classic stay application. The plaintiff commenced
this action against the defendants under two joint personal guarantees (“the
Personal Guarantees”) for outstanding loans owed by two of the defendants’
companies. There is no dispute that the action was legitimately commenced by
the plaintiff against the defendants in Singapore. As the Personal Guarantees
expressly provide for the parties to submit to the jurisdiction of the
Singapore court and are governed by Singapore law, not unexpectedly, the
defendants are not disputing the jurisdiction of the Singapore court. Neither
are the defendants claiming that the Singapore court is not the appropriate
forum for the adjudication of the claim. Hence, the usual principles governing
forum non conveniens are not directly relevant.

4 The defendants claim that the application is for a limited (ie, temporary)
stay of the Singapore proceedings pending the determination of related
proceedings in France. The application is ostensibly to avoid the risk of
conflicting judgments on account of the multiplicity of proceedings in
Singapore and France. The power of the court to grant such a limited stay is
firmly grounded in case management considerations and has to be exercised in
order to achieve efficiency in the resolution and disposal of disputes. Hence,
it is necessary to inquire into the circumstances which brought about the
multiplicity of proceedings, in particular the identity of the party
responsible for the state of affairs, and whether the parallel foreign
proceedings were brought for bona fide purposes or were contrived in aid of
the stay application.

5 Here, the principal reason why there is a multiplicity of proceedings is
because of a French action commenced by the defendants against the plaintiff
(“the French counter-action”). The French counter-action was not only brought
after the commencement of this suit in Singapore, but more significantly after
the defendants had already taken steps in the proceedings including the filing
of a counterclaim. Further, the French counter-action is substantially a
mirror of this action. It includes a claim by the defendants that the Personal
Guarantees are non-existent and therefore unenforceable – the very issue which
is before the Singapore court. In essence, the defendants are not applying for
a limited stay but are instead seeking for the validity and the enforceability
of the Personal Guarantees to be decided in France. Would the grant of such a
stay achieve a more efficient management of the dispute before the Singapore
court? It appears to us that granting the defendants’ stay application would
be the very antithesis of case management. For the reasons elaborated below,
in our view, the stay application ought to be dismissed as the multiplicity of
proceedings is entirely a result of the defendants’ French counter-action
which appears to have been commenced to deliberately stifle the expeditious
resolution of the current action.

Background to the dispute

6 The first and second defendants, Jacob Agam and Ruth Agam respectively, are
siblings and Israeli nationals. Prior to 2010, they owned four properties in
France and Monaco (“the Agam properties”) through the following companies
(collectively “the Agam companies”): 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First affidavit of Jacob Agam dated 24 May 2016 (“JA affidavit”), para 10.

(a) SCI Agam, a real-estate company incorporated in France, through which a
penthouse in Paris (“the Paris penthouse property”) was purchased;

(b) SCI Ruth Agam, a real-estate company incorporated in France, through which
a property in Saint Tropez, France (“the Saint Tropez property”) was
purchased;

(c) Det Internationale Ejendoms-OG Udviklingsselskab ApS (“Det
Internationale”), a private company incorporated in Denmark, through which a
property at Villa Saint Pierre in Marnes La Coquette, France (“the Saint
Pierre property”) was purchased; and

(d) Bronton Assets Inc (“Bronton”), a private company incorporated in Panama,
through which a property in a Le Granada, Monaco was purchased.

7 The plaintiff is a multi-national private bank incorporated in France, and
acting in Singapore through its local branch. In 2010, the plaintiff and the
first defendant entered into discussions to refinance the Agam properties. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JA affidavit, para 14.

At that time, these properties were mortgaged to various other banks (“the
previous banks”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

JA affidavit, para 12.

8 Although there is a dispute between the parties over the nature of the
initial discussions between the plaintiff and the first defendant, it is
common ground that the plaintiff’s proposal to the first defendant was that
any loan amounts disbursed in excess of the funds required to repay the
previous banks’ outstanding mortgages would be managed by the plaintiff’s
Singapore branch on a discretionary basis for the purpose of investment. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

JA affidavit, paras 15 and 18; affidavit of Charles Merimee dated 4 July 2016
(“CM affidavit”), para 45.

Facility agreements and the Personal Guarantees

9 Subsequently, four credit facilities were granted by the plaintiff to each
of the Agam companies, pursuant to four separate agreements dated 27 May 2010
and signed by both defendants (“the facility agreements”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CM affidavit, para 33 and Exhibit CM-9.

The facility agreements were each for the term of five years, and had a total
credit limit of €61.7m.

10 The facility agreements were executed on 9 June 2010 at the Paris office of
the French notary engaged by the plaintiff. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

CM affidavit, para 30.

The parties differ in their account of the events which occurred at the
meeting. In particular, they disagree on whether the second defendant did in
fact sign the relevant documents at that meeting and, if so, whether she had
sufficient assistance to understand the contents of the documents that she
signed. However, for the purposes of this stay application, it is strictly not
necessary to delve into this factual dispute.

11 Each of the facility agreements was secured by various securities, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

CM affidavit, para 34.

including the Personal Guarantees dated 1 June 2010 executed by both
defendants in favour of the plaintiff. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

CM affidavit, pp 751–761; 843–853.

The Personal Guarantees, including the two relating to the facility agreements
granted to SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale, are all based on the same
standard form.

12 Both the facility agreements and the Personal Guarantees are subject to
Singapore law and contain jurisdiction clauses in favour of the Singapore
courts. The jurisdiction clauses expressly provide for the jurisdiction of the
Singapore courts, but grant the plaintiff the liberty to initiate legal action
in any other jurisdiction. Clause 34 of the Personal Guarantees states: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

CM affidavit, p 760.

This Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the
laws of Singapore but in enforcing this Guarantee, the Bank is at liberty to
initiate and take actions or proceedings or otherwise against the Guarantor in
Singapore or elsewhere as the Bank may in its absolute discretion deem fit.
The Guarantor hereby agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in
Singapore and the courts in such other jurisdiction(s) in which the Bank
initiates legal actions or proceedings.

Drawdowns and default of facility agreements

13 Loans amounting to €61.7m (ie, the total credit limit of the facility
agreements) were then drawn down and disbursed to the Agam companies in 2010.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

CM affidavit, paras 40 to 45.

These monies were: (a) used to repay the previous banks’ outstanding
mortgages; (b) held as security in a joint account maintained by the
defendants with the plaintiff’s Singapore branch (“the Pledged Account”); and
(c) the remaining sum of approximately €18.5m was maintained by the defendants
with the plaintiff’s Singapore branch, and managed by the plaintiff on a
discretionary basis for the purpose of investment.

14 In January 2014, an event extraneous to the facility agreements occurred
which ultimately led to the present dispute. The Tribunal de Grande Instance
of Paris (“Paris Court”) ordered the criminal seizure of the Paris penthouse
property owned by SCI Agam pursuant to a request by the authorities of the
United States of America as part of their money laundering investigations. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

CM affidavit, para 56.

This led to a dispute between the parties as to whether SCI Agam, and
consequently the remaining three Agam companies, were in default of the global
margin requirement contained in all of the facility agreements. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CM affidavit, p 745.

The detailed facts of this dispute are not directly material to this
application. It suffices to note that the parties subsequently entered into
discussions for the settlement of the outstanding monies due under the
facility agreements. The facility agreements granted to SCI Agam and Bronton
were settled on 10 March 2014 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CM affidavit, para 57; JA affidavit, para 47.

and 30 September 2014, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CM affidavit, para 65.

respectively. In respect of the other two facility agreements extended to SCI
Ruth Agam and Det Internationale, the parties continued to negotiate but were
unable to reach a compromise. Thus, following the contractual maturity date of
9 June 2015 for the facility agreements, the plaintiff issued formal notices
of demand to SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale on 11 June 2015 for the
repayment of the loans. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CM affidavit, pp 1226–1238.

It should be highlighted that the notices of demand were not premised on any
default by the Agam companies but instead were premised simply upon the
maturity of the facility agreements.

15 Following the failure of SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale to make
payment, the plaintiff issued two letters of demand both dated 15 October 2015
to the defendants, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 22 April 2016 (“SOC”), para 23.

demanding payment under the Personal Guarantees of the outstanding sums owed
by SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale.

Set-off and legal proceedings

16 On 30 October 2015, the plaintiff, in exercise of its rights under the
securities granted by the defendants, applied the sum of approximately €9.9m
which was remaining in the Pledged Account towards partial satisfaction of the
outstanding sums owed under the SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale facility
agreements. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

SOC, para 26.

It also applied the sum of US$186,257.48 from a separate sole account which
the first defendant had with the plaintiff towards part payment of the SCI
Ruth Agam facility agreement, in the exercise of its rights of set-off under
the Personal Guarantees. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC, para 25.

17 The plaintiff then commenced the following actions in France: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

JA affidavit, para 1.

(a) On 20 November 2015, the plaintiff applied for conservatory (ie,
protective seizure) orders over the defendants’ shares in SCI Ruth Agam and
Det Internationale pursuant to the Personal Guarantees. These orders were
granted in favour of the plaintiff.

(b) On 5 and 7 January 2016, the plaintiff began foreclosure proceedings to
enforce the mortgages over the Saint Pierre and Saint Tropez properties (which
belong to Det Internationale and SCI Ruth Agam, respectively).

18 The plaintiff, soon after the application for conservatory orders, brought
this present action against the defendants in Singapore under the Personal
Guarantees on 27 November 2015.

19 In response, the defendants and the Agam companies commenced the following
legal actions in France and Singapore:

(a) On 17 May 2016, the defendants, SCI Agam, SCI Ruth Agam and Det
Internationale brought an application in France to commence the French
counter-action in the Paris Court for, inter alia, a declaration of the
“l’inexistence”, or non-existence, of the facility agreements and the Personal
Guarantees. The summons for the French counter-action was served on the
plaintiff on 27 May 2016, and formally filed with the Paris Court on 6 June
2016. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

CM affidavit, paras 74 and 75.

(b) On 25 May 2016, this present application for a limited stay of court
proceedings was filed in Singapore.

(c) On 24 June 2016, SCI Ruth Agam applied to the French judge presiding over
the foreclosure proceedings (“the Enforcement Judge”) to either dismiss or
stay the foreclosure proceedings until the determination of the French
counter-action. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Xavier Boucobza dated 4 July 2016 (“XB affidavit”), Exhibit XB-3
(“XB Expert Report”), Annex 35.

The outcome of that application was still pending when we heard the present
stay application.

(d) Further, on 24 June 2016, the second defendant, SCI Ruth Agam and Det
Internationale brought a further application against the plaintiff under Art
145 of the French Civil Procedure Code. This application was for the discovery
of certain evidence to aid a claim of damages against the plaintiff. The
French court granted the application on an ex-parte basis, but the plaintiff
has since applied to set aside the order. Hence, these proceedings (“the Art
145 proceedings”) are still ongoing. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Second affidavit of Jacob Agam dated 18 August 2016 (“JA second affidavit”),
paras 8 and 9.

Parties’ respective cases in the suit

20 The plaintiff’s claim in the present action is under the Personal
Guarantees for the sums of €17,113,889.93 and €12,988,992.66 which it contends
remain owing by Det Internationale and SCI Ruth Agam, respectively.

21 The defendants have raised various defences. The main defence relevant to
this application is that the SCI Ruth Agam facility is contrary to the laws of
France and/or SCI Ruth Agam’s company statutes, and therefore ultra vires,
illegal, void and unenforceable against the company. Therefore, the defendants
contend that the securities provided pursuant to the SCI Ruth Agam facility,
including the Personal Guarantees, are likewise unenforceable against them. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defence and Counterclaim of the first defendant (Amendment No 1) dated 6 May
2016 (“D1 DCC”), para 7.

As the pleadings stood at the time we heard the stay application, the
defendants did not aver that the same was true for the Det Internationale
facility agreement and the Personal Guarantee granted thereunder. This is
probably due to the fact that Det Internationale, unlike SCI Ruth Agam, is a
Danish company and hence not directly governed by French law.

22 The second defendant also asserts the defence of non est factum on the
basis that she only understands Hebrew, and not English or French, and was not
aware or informed that personal liability will be imposed on her when she
signed the Personal Guarantees in Paris on 9 June 2010. In addition, both
defendants contend that their liability under the Personal Guarantees is
diminished and/or extinguished by various counterclaims which they and the
Agam companies have against the plaintiff arising from, inter alia, the
plaintiff’s purportedly wrongful declaration that there was a breach of the
global margin requirement following the criminal seizure of the Paris
penthouse property in 2014. However, as pointed out at [14] above, the
plaintiff’s notices of demand were in fact premised only on the maturity of
the facility agreements rather than on any prior breaches of the facility
agreements by the defendants.

Present application

23 As we noted in our introduction, the defendants do not challenge the
jurisdiction of this court, nor do they contend that Singapore is not an
appropriate forum for the resolution of this suit under the doctrine of forum
non conveniens. Rather, their application, at least on its face, is for a
limited case management stay on the basis that there will be a multiplicity of
proceedings, with a risk of conflicting judgments, if the proceedings in
France and Singapore were to proceed at the same time.

24 The application is for the limited stay until the determination of the
related proceedings in France. As outlined above (at [17] and [19]), there are
four sets of proceedings in France – (a) the conservatory proceedings, (b) the
foreclosure proceedings, (c) the French counter-action, and (d) the Art 145
proceedings. At the hearing of this application, the defendants clarified that
the relevant proceedings for the purpose of their stay application are the
foreclosure proceedings and the French counter-action. So they accept that the
conservatory and Art 145 proceedings do not impinge on this suit.

25 At the outset, it is worth noting that the application for a limited stay
was filed by the defendants on 25 May 2016. This was almost six months after
the plaintiffs commenced this suit in Singapore on 27 November 2015. It was
also filed shortly after the application to commence the French counter-action
was brought before the Paris Court on 17 May 2016. The timing of the
application is an important factor to which we will return (see [50] below).

Parties’ evidence on French law

26 At the case management conference heard by us on 17 May 2016, counsel for
the second defendant indicated that the defendants would be adducing evidence
of French law for the purposes of this application, but only to explain the
nature of proceedings in France. He assured us that the evidence of foreign
law would not touch on the merits of those proceedings. Despite this
assurance, the parties have adduced substantial evidence, in the form of
French law expert reports, relating to the merits of the case under the laws
of France.

27 Leaving aside the relevance of this evidence, there was a question as to
its admissibility because the defendants’ initial pleadings on French law were
both extremely brief and inadequate. This deficiency was pointed out by the
court at a further interlocutory hearing on 18 July 2016. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SICC Summons No 6 of 2016.

Five weeks later, on the eve of the hearing of the stay application, the
defendants applied to amend their pleadings, ostensibly inspired by the
comments made by the court at the interlocutory hearing. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

SICC Summonses Nos 15 and 16 of 2016.

28 There were three aspects to the amendments sought by the defendants. First,
the amendments particularised the doctrines and provisions of French law which
the facility agreements and Personal Guarantees purportedly contravene.
Second, they introduced an attack on the bona fides of the choice of law and
jurisdiction agreements in the Personal Guarantees. Third, they sought to
introduce the second defendant’s denial of having signed the Personal
Guarantees at all, in addition to her defence of non est factum. As these
amendments were substantial, the plaintiff’s counsel required time to take
instructions.

29 From the evidence of the defendants filed in support of the amendment
applications, it was apparent that their concern was that without the
amendments, they would not be able to rely on the experts’ affidavit evidence
on French law in aid of this stay application. To give the plaintiff
sufficient time to consider the proposed amendments while, at the same time,
ensuring that the stay application, which was to be heard by three judges,
could proceed, the court inquired from the defendants’ counsel whether he
would be prepared to proceed with the stay application on the pleadings as
they stood, but with the parties given full liberty to refer to all the
affidavits on French law despite the inadequacies in the defendants’
pleadings. The defendants’ counsel agreed to the suggestion and the plaintiff
did not object. On this premise, the amendment applications were adjourned to
enable the plaintiff’s counsel to take proper instructions, and the stay
application was heard on the basis of the pleadings as they then stood with
liberty to the parties, in particular, the defendants, to refer to the
experts’ affidavit evidence on French law.

Parties’ positions on impact of French proceedings

30 Although the parties were given liberty to refer to all the French law
material tendered, our view is that the evidence on French law is only
relevant to this application insofar as it touches on any overlap between this
present suit and the French proceedings (see [48] below). On this issue, there
are two main areas of contention between the plaintiff and the defendants:

(a) First, and significantly, the parties dispute the governing law of the
Personal Guarantees. The plaintiff’s case is that the lex contractus is
Singapore law. The defendants acknowledge that there is an express choice of
law clause in the Personal Guarantees in favour of Singapore law. But they
contend that both the French and Singapore courts ought to apply French law
instead as the choice of law agreement is not bona fide. If so, then it is
argued that this court would benefit from the findings of the French courts on
the validity of the Personal Guarantees under French law.

(b) Second, in relation to whether there is an overlap between the foreclosure
proceedings and this present suit, the plaintiff’s case is that there is no
overlap, or at most a minor and insignificant overlap, because the Personal
Guarantees would still be enforceable even if the facility agreements are
struck down by the Enforcement Judge, regardless of whether Singapore or
French law applies. The defendants’ evidence is that any ruling by the
Enforcement Judge on the validity of the facility agreements will affect the
enforceability of the Personal Guarantees due to the French doctrine of
l’inexistence. This submission assumes that the Personal Guarantees are
governed by French law.

Legal principles governing a limited stay of proceedings

31 The defendants’ application is based on s 18(2) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) read with para 9 of the First
Schedule of the same Act. Paragraph 9 reads:

Stay of proceedings

9\. Power to dismiss or stay proceedings where the matter in question is res
judicata between the parties, or where by reason of multiplicity of
proceedings in any court or courts or by reason of a court in Singapore not
being the appropriate forum the proceedings ought not to be continued.

[emphasis added]

Alternatively, the defendants rely on the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

32 In either case, the leading authority is Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt
Cheung and others [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“Chan Chin Cheung”). The Court of Appeal
held that the grant of a limited stay order pending the conclusion of other
proceedings does not strictly require the application of forum non conveniens
principles because under s 18 of the SCJA read with para 9 of the First
Schedule, or alternatively, under the inherent jurisdiction of the court, the
court has the full discretion to stay any proceedings before it until whatever
appropriate conditions are met (at [47]).

33 Chan Chin Cheung concerned parallel proceedings in Malaysia and Singapore
arising from a dispute over the administration of a will. The proceedings were
premised on different causes of action – the Malaysian action sought reliefs
against the trustees of the estate for breach of their duties to the
beneficiaries while the action in Singapore was for defamation by the
trustees. However, the Court of Appeal found that the two actions traversed
much of the same grounds, and that there was a considerable overlap in the
issues to be determined. Thus, it upheld the High Court’s order that the
Singapore action should be stayed on a temporary basis pending the outcome of
the Malaysian proceedings. It was held that this was a sensible and practical
order which would allow the Singapore court the benefit of the Malaysian
court’s findings, and therefore minimise the risk of conflicting judgments.
The limited stay was also judged to promote international comity by ensuring
that the courts of the two countries would not go on their separate and
independent ways (at [46]).

34 The principles laid down in Chan Chin Cheung have been considered in
subsequent cases such as RBS Coutts Bank Ltd v Brunner Hans-Peter [2010] SGHC
342 (“RBS Coutts”) and Ram Parshotam Mittal v Portcullis Trustnet (Singapore)
Pte Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 1337 (“Ram Mittal”). These cases have expanded
on Chan Chin Cheung by approving the following factors, identified by the
Federal Court of Australia in Sterling Pharmaceuticals Pty Limited v The Boots
Company (Australia) Pty Limited (1992) 34 FCR 287 at [16], as relevant (RBS
Coutts at [26]; Ram Mittal at [53]):

(a) which proceeding was commenced first;

(b) whether the termination of one proceeding is likely to have a material
effect on the other;

(c) the public interest;

(d) the undesirability of two courts competing to see which of them determines
common facts first;

(e) consideration of circumstances relating to witnesses;

(f) whether work done on pleadings, particulars, discovery, interrogatories
and preparation might be wasted;

(g) the undesirability of substantial waste of time and effort if it becomes a
common practice to bring actions in two courts involving substantially the
same issues;

(h) how far advanced the proceedings are in each court;

(i) the law should strive against permitting multiplicity of proceedings in
relation to similar issues; and

(j) generally balancing the advantages and disadvantages to each party.

35 The above list of factors is not exhaustive. Ultimately, the grant of a
limited stay of proceedings is a discretionary exercise of the court’s case
management powers. This discretion is triggered when there is a multiplicity
of proceedings; and in exercising these powers, the court is entitled to
consider all the circumstances of the case. The underlying concern is the need
to ensure the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a whole.

36 The parties also rely on authorities drawn from the analogous context of
overlapping court and arbitration proceedings (see Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and
another v Silica Investors Ltd and other appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen
Holdings Ltd”); Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim Keng Yong and another
[2016] 3 SLR 431). Although those cases also relate to the court’s case
management powers, there are important differences between the exercise of
case management powers in the context of overlapping court and arbitration
proceedings and in the context of a multiplicity of court proceedings. In the
former case, the multiplicity of actions is a result of some, but not all, of
the parties and/or claims being subject to an arbitration agreement. Hence,
the need to prevent a plaintiff from circumventing the operation of the
arbitration clause is an important concern (see Tomolugen Holdings Ltd at
[188]). On the other hand, in the latter case (which includes the present
application), the overlap between the proceedings in Singapore and in the
foreign court is a consequence of the cross-border nature of the dispute.
Hence, the principle in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd which was developed to balance
the need for proper case management with the view to prevent a party from
circumventing an arbitration clause is not engaged here. Instead, a
consideration of private international law factors such as the principles of
forum non conveniens and international comity is more germane, although the
former doctrine does not strictly need to be applied due to the temporary
nature of the stay which preserves the plaintiff’s right to prosecute his
claim in Singapore (see Yap Shirley Kathreyn v Tan Peng Quee [2011] SGHC 5 at
[7]).

Issues

37 Following on from the above, the key issues to be determined are:

(a) whether there is an overlap of issues between the proceedings in Singapore
and France which gives rise to a risk of conflicting judgments; and

(b) if so, whether the court should exercise its discretion, under para 9 of
the First Schedule to the SCJA and/or under its inherent powers of case
management, to order a limited stay of proceedings pending the determination
of the proceedings in France.

Do the French proceedings overlap with the current suit?

38 We start with the inquiry whether there is any overlap of issues between
the proceedings in Singapore and France. If not, there would be no
multiplicity of proceedings, and the court would have no reason to order a
limited stay. An analysis of this issue requires: first, an examination of the
relationship between the current suit and the French foreclosure proceedings
commenced by the plaintiff; and, second, the overlap between this suit and the
defendants’ French counter-action.

Foreclosure proceedings

39 The defendants concede that the validity of the Personal Guarantees is not
directly in issue in the foreclosure proceedings, which are based on the
facility agreements and mortgages. In fact, the defendants are not even party
to the foreclosure proceedings. But their submission is that any findings by
the Enforcement Judge on the legality and enforceability of the facility
agreements are likely to have a material impact on the present suit. This
submission principally turns on the governing law of the Personal Guarantees,
which will determine the relationship between the Personal Guarantees and the
facility agreements.

40 As the pleadings stand, there is no doubt that that the Personal Guarantees
are governed by Singapore law by virtue of cl 34 (see [12] above). The
defendants accept that, on their face, the Personal Guarantees can be enforced
as indemnities as a result of cl 17, which provides that “[a]s a separate,
additional, independent and continuing obligation”, the defendants undertake
to make payment under the Personal Guarantees “as original, primary and
independent sole obligor[s]… by way of a full indemnity”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

CM affidavit, p 757.

It is also common ground that insofar as the Personal Guarantees can be
enforced as indemnities, the position under Singapore law is that the
defendants’ liability is primary and would survive even if the underlying
facility agreements are void or otherwise unenforceable (American Home
Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 992 at [41]). This
analysis supports the plaintiff’s case that there is no overlap, or at most a
minor and insignificant overlap, between the foreclosure proceedings and this
suit.

41 This is the reason why the defendants have sought to amend their pleadings
to challenge the bona fides of the parties’ choice of Singapore law. However,
even if the amendments had been allowed, there is no material before the court
to support a finding, at this stage, that the choice of law agreement was not
genuine. The defendants rely on the case of Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische
Landesbank Girozentrale [1999] 3 SLR(R) 842 (“Peh Teck Quee”). However the
Court of Appeal’s judgment in Peh Teck Quee establishes that where an express
choice of law has been made by the parties, it is virtually conclusive of the
proper law governing the contract (at [17]). The court also accepted that a
choice of law may be held to be not bona fide if the only purpose for choosing
Singapore law was to evade the operation of a foreign law. It appears to us,
at least prima facie, that there were good reasons for the parties to choose
Singapore law as the governing law of the Personal Guarantees. The guaranteed
loans were disbursed from and chiefly managed by the plaintiff’s Singapore
branch. The first defendant’s own evidence is that the investment proposals
which he reviewed before entering into the facility agreements were presented
to him by the plaintiff’s executive from Singapore, 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

JA affidavit, para 19.

who was the defendants’ relationship manager for the accounts they
subsequently opened in Singapore. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

CM affidavit, para 1.

These factors weigh against the defendants’ bare assertion that the entire
transaction had been booked through Singapore in order to circumvent the laws
of France. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

JA affidavit, para 76.

Certainly, there is no clear evidence, at this interlocutory stage, that the
plaintiff had deliberately chosen Singapore law as the governing law of the
Personal Guarantees for the sole purpose of evading the operation of French
law (see Peh Teck Quee at [17]). Thus the choice of Singapore law is prima
facie valid. It is perhaps telling that the bona fides of the choice of law
clause was not even an issue until just before the hearing of the stay
application.

42 As the choice of Singapore law is prima facie valid, there is no need for
the court to make any finding on the position under French law. Even if
Singapore law was found to be inapplicable, there is no evidence that the
purported illegality of the facility agreements would affect the
enforceability of the Personal Guarantees under French law. The defendants’
French law expert states in his report that the Personal Guarantees would be
unenforceable under French law if the facility agreements are found to be
illegal; however, this proposition is asserted without any substantiation.
Reference is made to the French doctrine of l’inexistence or “non-existence” –
it appears from the evidence that in French contract law, a finding of non-
existence is distinct from a finding that a contract is null or voidable. In
particular, the defendants’ expert asserts that if the facility agreements are
found to be non-existent, then the defendants and the Agam companies would be
completely absolved from all liability, including under the Personal
Guarantees. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Affidavit of Jean-Clause Fréaud dated 25 May 2016 (“JCF affidavit”), Exhibit
JCF-2 (“JCF Expert Report”), para 10.1.1.

He does not explain though why, under French Law, such an extraordinary
outcome, which would result in the Agam companies not having to repay the loan
amounts at all even though the monies had been used to, inter alia, repay
their previous banks, would be reached on the facts of this case.

43 The evidence of the plaintiff’s French law expert that the contracts would,
at most, be found to be voidable rather than non-existent is more persuasive.
He opines that contracts will only be found to be non-existent in exceptional
cases where there has been no effective concurrence of intention (ie, absence
of offer and acceptance). 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

XB Expert Report, sections IV.D.2.

That is not apparent at this stage of the proceedings. In other cases, where a
loan agreement is set aside but not found to be non-existent, his evidence
indicates that the borrower would still be obliged to repay the principal sums
pursuant to “an obligation to make restitution” under French law. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

XB Expert Report, section IV.D.4.

The plaintiff’s expert also cites numerous French authorities which indicate
that, under French law, the obligations of a guarantor continue to exist after
the cancellation of a loan agreement. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

XB Expert Report, sections IV.D.4, IV.E.2.b and V.D.2.

Specifically, he relies on Art 1352-9 of the French Civil Code which clearly
states that the obligations of a guarantor would be transferred over to the
debtor’s obligation to make restitution of the principal sums. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

XB Expert Report, Annex 32.

Therefore, if we had to decide the issue at this stage, we would have
preferred the evidence of the plaintiff’s expert that, under French law, the
Personal Guarantees are not likely to be affected by the purported illegality
of the facility agreements. His evidence is both cogent and well supported by
French legal sources.

44 It should also be recalled that SCI Ruth Agam has applied to stay the
foreclosure proceedings pending the determination of the French counter-action
(see [19(c)] above). Such an application casts further doubt on the relevance
of the foreclosure proceedings to the present stay application. Thus we find
that the foreclosure proceedings are not likely to have a material impact on
the present suit.

French counter-action

45 By contrast with the foreclosure proceedings brought by the plaintiff,
there is a clear overlap between the present suit and the defendants’ French
counter-action. The Personal Guarantees are directly in issue in the French
counter-action before the Paris Court, and the principal remedy sought by the
defendants is a declaration from the court confirming the non-existence of,
inter alia, the Personal Guarantees. This remedy is similar to declaration
which the first defendant seeks, by way of counterclaim in this suit, that he
is discharged from all liability under the Personal Guarantees. The French
counter-action is therefore a mirror of this current suit. Therefore, the
substantial overlap between both proceedings was entirely brought about by the
defendants. Although the plaintiff acknowledges that there is such an overlap,
its case is that this overlap should nonetheless be disregarded for present
purposes as the French counter-action was strategically commenced after this
suit. This is a consideration which is relevant to the court’s exercise of
discretion. It does not change the fact that there is a multiplicity of
proceedings in this case, with the attendant risk of conflicting judgments if
both this suit and the French counter-action were to proceed concurrently.

Exercise of court’s discretion

46 However, the risk of conflicting judgments is not by itself a sufficient
reason for the grant of a limited stay of proceedings. As outlined above, the
court, in exercising its discretion, needs to consider all the circumstances
of the case, and keep in mind the need to ensure the efficient and fair
resolution of the dispute as a whole (see [35] above).

Governing law and relevance of arguments on merits

47 First, the defendants argue that this court will benefit from the findings
of the French court on the validity of the Personal Guarantees as the lex
contractus is French law. This submission falls away in light of our finding
(at [40] and [41] above) that the Personal Guarantees are prima facie governed
by Singapore law. In any event, even if this court should decide otherwise at
the trial of this action, ie, that French law applies because the choice of
Singapore law is not bona fide, this factor cannot be determinative since this
court, which is an international commercial court with an International Judge
from France, can apply the laws of France to decide the dispute.

48 Other than expressing a provisional preference for the evidence of the
plaintiff’s expert in [43] above, we did not find the evidence tendered by the
parties on the merits of the case under the laws of France useful or relevant
to the determination of this stay application. Once it is determined that
there is a risk of conflicting judgements, there is no further need for the
court, at this stage, to make any findings on the merits of the case.

Bona fides of present application and French counter-action

49 The bona fides of this stay application and the defendants’ French counter-
action, by contrast, is highly relevant. As analysed above, the foreclosure
proceedings are distinct and do not materially overlap with this current suit.
Hence the multiplicity of proceedings in this case is entirely a result of the
defendants’ commencement of the French counter-action. The French counter-
action, however, appears to have been commenced to deliberately stifle the
current action. This is borne out by the timing of this application and the
scope of the French counter-action.

50 As noted above (at [25]), the application to commence the French counter-
action was only brought by the defendants on 17 May 2016, almost six months
after this suit was commenced. This application was then brought shortly
thereafter. The scope of the French counter-action, which mirrors this suit,
is also relevant. Due to the complete overlap between both proceedings, if
this suit is stayed pending the determination of the French proceedings, then
this action will effectively be rendered otiose, particularly if the Paris
Court finds in favour of the defendants. In other words, although the
defendants’ application is, on its face, for a limited case management stay,
the stay of proceedings granted would in substance be permanent. The
defendants accept that this would be the practical consequence of a limited
stay order should they prevail in the French counter-action. But they argue
that if the plaintiff prevails in France instead, then this suit would still
need to be revived as the plaintiff will then need to enforce the Personal
Guarantees in Singapore. Even if this is true, it does not undermine the
observation that the defendants’ motivation in bringing this application
appears to be to derail these proceedings in Singapore in order to embroil the
plaintiff in a much wider and protracted dispute in France.

51 This factor clearly distinguishes this case from the precedents on a
limited stay of proceedings cited above. In cases such as Chan Chin Cheung,
Ram Mittal and RBS Coutts, there were common issues between the proceedings in
Singapore and in the foreign court, but the overlapping proceedings were not
identical. This is the reason why the limited stay was granted – it was
considered to be a sensible and practical order which would preserve the
plaintiff’s right to prosecute its claim in Singapore while minimising the
risk of conflicting decisions by allowing the Singapore court to have the
benefit of the findings of the foreign court (see Chan Chin Cheung at [46];
Ram Mittal at [59]). This reasoning does not apply to the present case, where
it is difficult to see how, as a matter of case management, staying this
action until the full determination of the French proceedings would allow for
a more expedient resolution of the dispute between the parties. In Ram Mittal,
it was also implicitly accepted that a limited stay application filed for the
extraneous purpose of stifling the proceedings in Singapore should not be
allowed (at [57]). As a matter of principle, this is patently right.

Forum non conveniens and international comity

52 Finally, it is useful to consider the principles of forum non conveniens
and the argument that these proceedings should be stayed as a matter of
international comity.

53 There can be no doubt that Singapore is an appropriate forum for the
resolution of this dispute. This is conceded by the defendants who are bound
by the jurisdiction agreement in favour of the courts of Singapore in the
Personal Guarantees. The defendants have also actively participated in this
action, inter alia, by bringing a counterclaim. So the defendants cannot, and
more importantly have not, argued that the principles of forum non conveniens
point in favour of the French court.

54 The defendants thus place much reliance on the principle of international
comity. But the principle works both ways. Here, Singapore is the appropriate
forum and the French court can take cognisance of any Singapore judgment.
Further, there is no reason why the defendants cannot amend their pleadings to
bring in any additional issues which they have raised in the French counter-
action rather than starting de novo in France. This would clearly be, as a
matter of case management, the more sensible way to resolve the dispute in an
efficient and fair manner especially given that the Singapore proceedings are
at a more advanced stage than the French counter-action, which is still in its
nascency.

Conclusion

55 In our view, it is clear that this application is an attempt by the
defendants to stifle these proceedings and undermine the proper jurisdiction
of this court through the stratagem of a case management stay. If allowed, it
would hinder rather than promote the expedient resolution of the dispute
between the parties. Therefore we dismiss the application with costs.

Post-script: Defendants’ summonses for amendment of pleadings

56 As a post-script, we record that the defendants’ applications to amend
their pleadings (see [27] above) were heard on 30 September 2016 after the
hearing of the stay application. The amendments were allowed, save for those
relating to the second defendant’s denial that she had signed the Personal
Guarantees. Those proposed amendments contradicted her pleadings on the
defence of non est factum. The plaintiff did not object to the other
amendments. We should make clear that the fact that the other amendments –
relating to the particulars of French law and the bona fides of the
jurisdiction and choice of law clauses – were allowed does not change our
assessment of the defendants’ stay application. As stated earlier (at [29]),
the arguments and evidence sought to be introduced via these amendments were
permitted to be raised at the hearing of the stay application and were
therefore fully considered by this court.

Steven Chong Roger Giles Dominique Hascher  
Judge International Judge International Judge

K Muralidharan Pillai, Luo Qinghui and Andrea Tan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP)
for the plaintiff;  
Sivakumar Murugaiyan and Kyle Gabriel Peters (Straits Law Practice LLC) for
the defendants.

SUPREME COURT OF SINGAPORE

28 October 2016

Media Summary

Singapore International Commercial Court Suit No 2 of 2016

(SIC/Summons No 4 of 2016)

BNP Paribas Wealth Management v Jacob Agam and another [2016] SGHC(I) 5

1 This application arose out of a dispute between BNP Paribas Wealth
Management (“BNP Paribas”), a multi-national private bank incorporated in
France, and Jacob Agam and Ruth Agam (“the Agams”), who are siblings and
Israeli nationals. The Agams owned four properties in France and Monaco
through companies which were incorporated in France, Denmark and Panama (“the
Agam companies”). In 2010, the Agam companies entered into four facility
agreements with BNP Paribas under which a total amount of €61.7m was loaned to
the companies. These monies were disbursed through BNP Paribas’s local branch
in Singapore. Each facility agreement was for a term of five years. They were
secured by various securities including mortgages over the four properties and
joint personal guarantees executed by the Agams in favour of BNP Paribas. Both
the facility agreements and the personal guarantees contained clauses stating
that they were governed by Singapore law and that the Agams and their
companies agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.

2 In 2014, the Tribunal de Grande Instance of Paris (“the Paris Court”)
ordered the criminal seizure of one of the properties in France following a
request by the authorities of the United States of America as part of their
money laundering investigations. This led to a dispute between the parties as
to whether the Agam companies were in breach of their obligations under the
facility agreements. The parties subsequently entered into discussions to
settle the outstanding monies which the Agam companies owed to BNP Paribas.
But they were not able to reach a compromise on the facility agreements with
two of the Agam companies – SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale Ejendoms-OG
Udviklingsselskab ApS (“Det Internationale”). Following the contractual
maturity date for these two facility agreements, BNP Paribas issued formal
notices of demand to SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale for repayment of the
loans. SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale failed to make repayment. Hence
BNP Paribas demanded payment of the outstanding sum of approximately €30.1m
from the Agams under the personal guarantees. BNP Paribas then commenced this
present action in the Singapore High Court in November 2015 against the Agams
on the same basis. The action was transferred to the Singapore International
Commercial Court (“the SICC”) before a coram comprising Steven Chong J, Roger
Giles IJ and Dominique Hascher IJ. In January 2016, BNP Paribas also brought
foreclosure proceedings in France to enforce the mortgages over the properties
belonging to SCI Ruth Agam and Det Internationale.

3 In response, the Agams and their companies brought a counter-action in the
Paris Court seeking a declaration that the facility agreements and personal
guarantees were invalid and “non-existent” under French law. They claimed that
the entire transaction was illegal and contrary to the laws of France. This
French counter-action was commenced in May 2016, some six months after BNP
Paribas commenced the present action in Singapore. Shortly after, the Agams
made this application for a limited (ie, temporary) stay of the SICC
proceedings pending the determination of the foreclosure proceedings and the
counter-action in France. The application was ostensibly to avoid the risk of
conflicting judgments from the overlapping proceedings in Singapore and
France.

4 In its judgment, the Court held that the grant of a limited stay of
proceedings is a discretionary case management power which has to be exercised
in order to ensure the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute as a
whole. In this case, the foreclosure proceedings were found to be distinct as
they did not materially overlap with the current action. So the principal
reason for the multiplicity of proceedings was because of the French counter-
action commenced by the Agams against BNP Paribas. The French counter-action
was not only brought after the commencement of the Singapore proceedings, but
after the Agams had already taken steps in this suit including the filing of a
counterclaim. Further, the French counter-action was substantially a mirror of
this action – the claim in France that the personal guarantees were
unenforceable was the very issue before the SICC. In essence, the Agams were
not applying for a limited stay but were instead seeking for the validity and
the enforceability of the personal guarantees to be decided in France. The
Court thus found that the French counter-action and the stay application had
been commenced to deliberately stifle the expeditious resolution of the
current action and in order to embroil BNP Paribas in a much wider and
protracted dispute in France.

5 The Court also rejected the Agams’ argument that this present action should
be stayed temporarily as a matter of international comity. The principle
worked both ways. Here, the Agams conceded that Singapore was an appropriate
forum for the resolution of this dispute; and the French court could take
cognisance of any Singapore judgment. Further, there was no reason why the
Agams could not bring in any additional issues which they have raised in the
French counter-action into this suit rather than starting de novo in France.
This would clearly be, as a matter of case management, the more sensible way
to resolve the dispute in an efficient and fair manner especially given that
the SICC proceedings were at a more advanced stage than the French counter-
action, which was still in its nascency.

6 The Court thus dismissed the Agams’ application.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.

_________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 19 Jul 2021 (09:44 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

