Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 183

ADM No 271 of 2014  
(RA No 342 of 2015)

Admiralty Action in Rem against the vessel “MIN RUI” (IMO No 9161194)

Between

1\. | 1\. CONSORCIO MGT2\. DM CONSTRUTORA DE OBRAS LTDA  
---|---  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Owner and/or Demise Charterer of the vessel “MIN RUI”  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Admiralty and Shipping] — [Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest] — [Ownership of
vessels]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Jurisdiction] — [in rem]

[Personal Property] — [Ownership] — [Beneficial]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
THE “MIN RUI”

  

[2016] SGHC 183

  

High Court — ADM No 271 of 2014 (Registrar’s Appeal No 342 of 2015)  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J 29 January; 18 April 2016

5 September 2016

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 In this action, the defendant, Min Rui Shipping Co Limited, was sued as the
party liable on the plaintiffs’ claim for loss and damage to a consignment of
steel structures that was described as 98 packages of “steel structure FPSO –
Floating Production, Storage Offloading NCM 7308 90.10” and shipped on board
the Hong Kong registered vessel, Min Rui, on 24 June 2014 at Humen, China for
carriage to and delivery at Itajai, Brazil. The consignment of steel
structures was damaged in the course of the carriage, and the plaintiffs sued
as the owners, consignees and/or bill of lading holders.

2 At the hearing of this Registrar’s Appeal No 342 of 2015 (“RA 342”), the
defendant dropped its appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s rejection of
the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiffs had not discharged their duty
of full and frank disclosure in obtaining the warrant of arrest of the Min
Rui. The remaining issue in RA 342 was the defendant’s jurisdictional
challenge that was limited to the question of whether the defendant was the
beneficial owner as respect all the shares in the vessel Min Rui on 16
December 2014, which was the date the plaintiffs issued the in rem writ in ADM
No 271 of 2014 (“ADM 271”).

3 The in rem writ in ADM 271 was not amended to cater for the new name of the
Min Rui. At the time of the arrest, the Min Rui was already renamed Qi Dong
and even though the warrant of arrest and the affidavit leading the warrant of
arrest did not mention the Qi Dong, it was the Qi Dong that was arrested on 11
February 2015. The arrest was lifted after security was furnished on behalf of
the defendant in the form of a P&I Club’s letter of undertaking. Despite this
procedural irregularity in the cause papers, for convenience and to avoid
confusion, I will continue to refer to the subject vessel by her former name
“Min Rui”.

4 I allowed the defendant’s appeal in RA 342 because the Min Rui was not, on
16 December 2014, beneficially owned by the defendant and as such, the
statutory requirement under s 4(4)(b)(i) of the High Court (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the HCAJA”) was not satisfied. The
plaintiffs have appealed against my decision. I now publish the reasons for my
decision.

Overview

5 It was common ground that the plaintiffs’ claim came within the scope of ss
3(1)(g) and (h) of the HCAJA. It was also common ground that the plaintiffs’
claim was in connection with a ship, the Min Rui, and that the defendant was
the party who would be liable on such a claim in an action in personam, since
when the cause of action arose the defendant was the owner of the Min Rui
within the meaning of s 4(4)(b) of the HCAJA. It follows that under s
4(4)(b)(i), an action in rem may be brought against the Min Rui if, at the
time of issuing the in rem writ on 16 December 2014, the defendant was the
beneficial owner as respects all the shares in the Min Rui.

6 For easy of reference, s 4(4) of the HCAJA reads as follows:

(4) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3(1)(d) to (q),
where —

(a) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(b) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

[emphasis added]

7 The consignment of steel structures was shipped on board the Min Rui on 24
June 2014. Bad weather was apparently encountered en route and the Min Rui
arrived at Itajai on or around 24–25 August 2014. Thus, the plaintiffs’ claim
would have arisen sometime between June and August 2014, and in rem
proceedings against the Min Rui were filed on 16 December 2014.

8 The defendant, on the other hand, said that whilst it was the person who
would be liable on the cargo claim in an action in personam and was the owner
of the Min Rui at the time the cause of action arose, before the in rem writ
was issued, it had sold the Min Rui in October 2014 to a bona fide purchaser
for value such that it was no longer the owner even though it still remained
on the Hong Kong Shipping Register as the named registered owner on 16
December 2014.

9 The plaintiffs’ action in rem brought under s 4(4) of the HCAJA would be
defeated if the beneficial ownership of the Min Rui had changed before 16
December 2014. So, the question in RA 342 was whether, on 16 December 2014,
the defendant was the beneficial owner as respect all the shares in the Min
Rui.

10 The state of affairs, on 16 December 2014, was that the purchaser of the
vessel had yet to be registered as the legal owner and its interest in the
vessel was equitable only. A point of consideration would be the legal
consequences following the concluded sale transaction, and before
deregistration of the Min Rui from the Hong Kong Shipping Register. Would the
legal consequences of the situation as described depend in the first instance
upon ascertaining the relevance, if any, of Hong Kong law as the place of
register, or would the legal consequences be left to be decided under
Singapore law as the lex fori since the overall inquiry concerned this court’s
in rem jurisdiction under s 4(4) of the HCAJA? On the question of what
recognition the law of the place of register would give to the rights created
by the concluded sale transaction before deregistration, there was no argument
on the point in the absence of Hong Kong law on the matter. I was also not
asked to decide as a matter of Singapore law the correctness of the position
concerning a merchant ship that the lex situs is the law of the place of
registration. The issue outlined here fell to be decided applying the lex
fori.

11 In this jurisdictional challenge, the court looked at the application of
the lex fori to a case scenario where the purchaser of the vessel had yet to
be registered as legal owner and its interest in the vessel was equitable
only. The correctness of the in rem remedy sought by the plaintiffs against
the Min Rui and the need to satisfy the statutory requirement of beneficial
ownership for the purpose of establishing jurisdiction in rem would have to be
decided applying Singapore law as the lex fori having regard to the proper law
of the sale contract and the legal effect of the transfer of property so that
in a situation before deregistration of the vessel, the seller would hold the
registered title in the vessel on trust for the purchaser.

12 On the issue of who was the beneficial owner for the purposes of s
4(4)(b)(i) of the HCAJA at the date of filing of the in rem writ, it was
appropriate to first consider the plaintiffs’ allegation that the sale of the
Min Rui was not genuine. This allegation of a sham transaction brought into
focus and examination matters such as the existence of the sale, nature and
extent of the contractual rights created or recognised by the sale and the
delivery of the Min Rui to the buyer. Evidence before this court on the
matters pertaining to the contractual rights of the defendant and its buyer on
the transfer of property in the Min Rui would also serve as evidence needed to
decide on the beneficial ownership issue as that was intertwined with the
sale. Foreign law, if relevant, would be considered as facts in evidence. In
the absence of proof of foreign law, the operation of the so-called
presumption that foreign law was the same as the law of the forum would arise.
In the context of a jurisdictional challenge, the court evaluates the evidence
on the footing of the lex fori’s definition of beneficial ownership in The
Pangkalan Susu/Permina 3001 [1977-1978] SLR(R) 105 (“The Permina 3001”) and
this means assessing the evidence to decide whether or not, on 16 December
2014, the defendant still had any right to alienate and to dispose of the
vessel such as by way of a re-sale of all the shares in the Min Rui and to
keep the proceeds of a disposition of second sale of the vessel.

Sale of the Min Rui and change of her name and flag

13 On 13 October 2014, the defendant entered into a Memorandum of Agreement on
the terms of an amended Norwegian Saleform 1993 (“the MOA”) to sell the Min
Rui to Chellona Investment Inc and/or its nominee. This was supplemented by a
first addendum on 16 October 2014, setting out the agreed list of delivery
documents to be exchanged by the parties to the MOA. On 24 November 2014, a
second addendum nominated Qidong Shipping Limited (“the Buyer”) as the
ultimate buyer of the vessel under the MOA.

14 On 24 November 2014, a Patente Provisional De Navegacion (or Navigation
Provisional Registry) Licence No 46650 (“the Provisional Patente”) was also
issued to the Buyer in respect of the vessel by the Directorate General of
Merchant Marine Panama (“DGMM”). According to Cajigas & Co, a firm of
Panamanian lawyers appointed by the plaintiffs, the Provisional Patente is a
temporary document issued by the DGMM while an application for an official
Navigational Licence is being processed. The temporary licence allows a vessel
to sail under the Panamanian flag prior to the official Navigational Licence
being issued. It can be applied for in advance and issued in contemplation of
a change of ownership or change of title of a vessel. I will come to the legal
opinion on the question of registration of ownership of a vessel in the Public
Registry of the Maritime Authority of Panama (“PRMAP”) in due course.

15 On 9 December 2014, a bill of sale was executed by the defendant in favour
of the Buyer of the Min Rui (“the Bill of Sale”). The defendant in the Bill of
Sale expressly acknowledged receipt of the purchase consideration of
US$3,750,000.00.

16 Delivery of possession of the Min Rui took place on 12 December 2014 at
Qingdao, China. On that same day, the defendant and the Buyer also signed a
Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance, whereby the Buyer accepted delivery of
the Min Rui. In the same document, the Buyer’s authorised representative
certified that the Min Rui was delivered in accordance with the provisions of
the MOA and the addenda thereto.

17 The executed Bill of Sale was handed over to the Buyer, who signed the
Acceptance of Sale on 12 December 2014. I pause to note that the Acceptance of
Sale referred to a Bill of Sale dated “12th Dec 2014”. This anomaly was
obviously a typographical mistake, seeing that the signed Acceptance of Sale
tracked the same language in the Bill of Sale form and the date of the Bill of
Sale was 9 December 2014. More to the point, it is normal to prepare and date
the Bill of Sale before the completion date of the sale.

18 The Buyer requested that the Min Rui’s new name and intended port of
registry be painted on the vessel whilst she was in dry dock for permanent
repairs. That request was acceded to and it was carried out under the
supervision of the vessel’s classification society’s on-site surveyor from
Bureau Veritas. In an Attestation for Change of Ship’s Name, Flag and
Ownership dated 14 December 2014, the Bureau Veritas declared for the purposes
of the classification society’s records that: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Zhang Zu Liang’s 1st Affidavit filed on 8 April 2015 (“Zhang”) at p76.

(a) the vessel’s name was changed from “MIN RUI” to “QI DONG”;

(b) the vessel’s flag was changed from “HONG KONG” to “PANAMA”; and

(c) the vessel’s owner was changed from the defendant to the Buyer.

19 A Notice of Intention to Close a Ship’s Registration by Owner dated 16
December 2014 and signed by the defendant was submitted to the Hong Kong
Shipping Register. On 8 January 2015, two documents were issued by the Hong
Kong Registrar of Ships. First, a Certificate of Deletion certified that the
registration of the Min Rui had been closed in the Hong Kong Shipping Register
as of 7 January 2015. Second, a Continuous Synopsis Record issued on 8 January
2015 stated that the Min Rui ceased to be registered with the flag state, Hong
Kong, on 7 January 2015.

20 On 20 January 2015, a Notarial Certificate of Bill of Sale was issued by
the Consul General of Panama in Vietnam, certifying that the signature at the
foot of the Bill of Sale dated 9 December 2014 was the director’s and that he
had the power to sign the Bill of Sale on behalf of the defendant. The notary
also attested to the following: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p82.

Sufficient proof has been produced to me that: The vendors were immediately
prior to the execution of the said Bill of Sale the owners of the vessel, and
that the vessel was free from any encumbrances and maritime liens.

21 On 24 February 2015, the Public Deed of Title for Permanent Recordation at
the PRMAP (see [14] above) was filed.

The plaintiffs’ searches prior to issuance of ADM 271 on 16 December 2014 and
prior to the arrest of the Min Rui on 11 February 2015

22 On 4 December 2014, the plaintiffs obtained a report on the Min Rui from
Lloyd’s List Intelligence (“the 4 December Lloyd’s Report”). This 4 December
Lloyd’s Report showed the defendant as the registered and beneficial owner of
the Min Rui.

23 On 12 December 2014, the plaintiffs obtained a report on the vessel Qi Dong
from Lloyd’s List Intelligence (“the 12 December Lloyd’s Report”). This 12
December Lloyd’s Report showed that, inter alia: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Giovano Conrado Fantin’s Affidavit sworn on 5 February 2015 at p194.

(a) that “before 03 November 2014” the vessel was named “MIN RUI” and the name
was changed to “QI DONG” “[b]efore 03 December 2014”;

(b) that “before 01 August 2010” the vessel’s flag was Hong Kong and the flag
changed from Hong Kong to Panama “[b]efore 03 December 2014”;

(c) that “before 03 Nov 2013 until before 02 Dec 2014”, Min Rui Shipping
Company Limited was the registered owner of the vessel and the registered
owner changed to the Buyer “[b]efore 03 December 2014”; and

(d) that the beneficial owner “before 03 Nov 2013 until before 02 Dec 2014”
was Min Rui Shipping Company Limited and the beneficial owner was unknown
“[b]efore 03 December 2014”.

24 The plaintiffs also obtained a Transcript of the Hong Kong Shipping
Register on 12 December 2014. This Transcript of 12 December 2014 showed the
defendant as the registered owner of the Min Rui. On 15 December 2014, Cajigas
& Co advised the plaintiffs that there was no record of a change of ownership
of the Min Rui in PRMAP. As stated, the plaintiffs filed the in rem writ on 16
December 2014.

25 On 9 January 2015, the plaintiffs conducted a search at the Hong Kong
Shipping Register. This search revealed that the Min Rui was no longer
registered as a Hong Kong registered vessel. As stated, earlier on 15 December
2014, Cajigas & Co had advised that there was no change of ownership of the
Min Rui. Again, on 7 January 2014, Cajigas & Co advised that there was no
application to register the Min Rui in PRMAP. On 6 February 2015, Cajigas & Co
confirmed that the vessel was not registered in PRMAP. On 11 February 2015,
the Min Rui was arrested in Singapore. As stated, the critical date for the
purposes of s 4(4)(b)(i) of the HCAJA was 16 December 2014, the date of filing
of the in rem writ and not the date of the arrest.

Was the defendant the beneficial owner on 16 December 2014?

Reliance on the Min Rui’s registration in the Hong Kong Shipping Register

26 The plaintiffs alleged that the defendant as the person liable in an action
in personam was, on 16 December 2014, the beneficial owner of the Min Rui, and
as such, the arrest of the Min Rui was not wrongful. First, the defendant was
entered in the Hong Kong Shipping Register as the registered owner of the Min
Rui and based on the Certificate of Deletion and the Continuous Synopsis
Record (see [19] above), the defendant only ceased to be the registered owner
of the Min Rui on 7 January 2015. Second, the 12 December Lloyd’s Report,
which suggested changes of flag, name and ownership, was not accurate on the
issue of beneficial ownership of the vessel. Simply put, the vessel was still
registered in the Hong Kong Shipping Register and it had yet to be registered
in Panama. The Provisional Patente issued on 24 November 2014 to the Buyer of
the Min Rui in the vessel’s new name Qi Dong was a provisional registration
with the DGMM, which was not the same as a registration of the vessel with
PRMAP. The registration of the vessel renamed Qi Dong in the PRMAP was on 24
February 2015. For these reasons, the plaintiffs argued that prior to
deregistration on 7 January 2015, they were entitled to rely on the vessel’s
registration in the Hong Kong Shipping Register and to take the vessel’s
registered owner as her legal and beneficial owner. It was further argued that
the evidential burden was on the defendant to prove otherwise, citing The
Kapitan Temkin [1998] 2 SLR (R) 537 at [7] and, in particular, the plaintiffs
in their written submissions highlighted in bold and underlined a sentence
from [7] of the report that reads:

…In other words the person who is stated as the owner and the State which
issued the certificate would generally be estopped from asserting a contrary
proposition unless the register is rectified before third parties act on it.

27 I begin with the reference to estoppel in the quotation above which, in my
view, has to be understood in its context. In that case, the registered owner,
Black Sea Shipping Co, and the Republic of Ukraine sought to repudiate the
statement in the certificate of register and a corresponding entry in the
register. Estoppel comes to mind in such a situation because ordinarily
registration of a ship would be done by her owner. In most jurisdictional
challenges on beneficial ownership, the party who desires to go behind the
register would be the claimant and not the registered owner. In this case, the
plaintiffs were not looking to go behind the Hong Kong Shipping Register and
the defendant had not refuted the entries in the same register. Ultimately, it
was a question of looking at the facts and drawing proper conclusions since
there is no rule of law that fraud or similarly compelling circumstances must
be proved in order to go behind the registration of a ship for the purpose of
identifying the beneficial owner in the context of s 4(4)(b)(i) of the HCAJA.

28 In The Opal 3 ex Kuchino [1992] 2 SLR (R) 231, the High Court explained at
[8] that registration of a ship and the papers issued following registration
afforded prima facie but not conclusive evidence of the true ownership of the
ship for the purpose of s 4(4) of the HCAJA. This general rule was affirmed by
the Court of Appeal in The Ohm Mariana ex Poeny [1993] 2 SLR (R) 113. In that
case, the Court of Appeal said that registration of a ship would not
determine, and was not conclusive proof of, true ownership, although in most
instances it would be. In short, depending on the facts, the entity registered
as the owner of a ship is not necessarily the beneficial owner of the ship.
The Court of Appeal rightly observed (at [36]) that “quite often the court has
to look behind the register” to ascertain if someone other than the registered
or legal owner is the beneficial owner.

29 The High Court in The Temasek Eagle [1999] 2 SLR(R) 647 (at [16]) treated
entries in Lloyd’s Register of Shipping and the ship’s register as “useful
starting points” and “not conclusive proof” of beneficial ownership. Put
simply, the prima facie inference of ownership (legal and equitable) arising
from the registration as owner of the vessel can be displaced by evidence that
someone else is the beneficial owner for the purpose of s 4(4)(b)(i) of the
HCAJA.

30 On the matter of evidence, GP Selvam J said in The Kapitam Temkin at [5]
that it is the lex fori that decides on the admissibility of evidence adduced
to determine whether a claim is within s 4(4) of the HCAJA. The Court of
Appeal in The Andres Bonifacio [1993] 3 SLR (R) 71 accepted that the court may
trace the history of ownership to ascertain who the beneficial owner of a
vessel was. In addition, expert evidence on relevant foreign law as facts for
consideration by the court may be adduced. Tan Lee Meng J in The Makassar
Caraka Jaya Niaga 111-39 [2011] 1 SLR 982 found on the evidence that the
vessel was not state-owned after preferring the evidence of the
appellant/plaintiff’s expert on Indonesian law. As regards foreign law
introduced by expert witnesses, Tan J said (at [9]):

The ascertainment of beneficial ownership of a vessel is a matter of Singapore
law as it relates to the admiralty jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. While
the court will, in the case of foreign ships, take into account relevant
aspects of the relevant foreign law for a better picture of how ships may be
owned or transferred in order to determine who has the beneficial ownership
under that foreign law, Singapore law, being the lex fori cannot be
supplanted.

31 Tan J cited The Tian Sheng No 8 [2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 430 where the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal held that it would not be easy to prove that the
registered owner of a vessel was not its beneficial owner. In that case, the
in rem writ was against the vessel “Tian Sheng No 8” and Tiansheng Shipping
Inc (“TSI”) was the registered owner. The relevant bills of lading were issued
by the contracting carrier, Tiansheng Ocean Shipping Inc (“Ocean”). The vessel
was sold and renamed “Resource 1” after the date of the in rem writ. The issue
there was whether the “owner” in s 12B(4)(b) of the High Court Ordinance (Cap
4) (HK) meant something other than “registered owner”. It was argued by the
cargo claimants that Ocean was the person liable in personam on their claim
for damages at the time the cause of action arose and at the date when the
writ was issued. TSI argued that it, and not Ocean, was the owner of the
vessel. The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal commented (at p 433):

It is possible that registration is, as a matter of law, not conclusive on the
issue of ownership; conceivably, there are circumstances where it might be
shown that the registered owner was in fact not the legal and beneficial owner
of all the shares in the ship: The fraudulent procurement of registration
would be an example. But, in the general run of things, registration would be
virtually conclusive, and it would take a wholly exceptional case for it to be
otherwise. [emphasis in original].

32 Recently, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal in The Almojil 61 [2015] 3 HKLRD
598 in an obiter observation suggested that the passage quoted in [31] above
should be confined to the definition of “owner” under the first part of s
12B(4) of the High Court Ordinance of Hong Kong (which is the equivalent of
our s 4(4)(b) of the HCAJA) and that when the legislation used “beneficial
ownership” instead of simply “owner” in the same section, there must be a
presumption that the two expressions had different meanings. Consequently, the
mere fact that one was the registered owner should not trigger a presumption
that the registered owner was a beneficial owner. I make three points. First,
the definition of “owner” in the first part of s 4(4)(b) of the HCAJA was
defined by the Singapore Court of Appeal in The Ohm Mariana to include a
“beneficial owner”, departing from the English position in The Evpo Agnic
[1988] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 411. Bokhary J in The Tian Sheng No 8 preferred the view
taken in The Evpo Agnic and not that as expressed in The Ohm Mariana. On the
facts, the vessel “Ohm Mariana” was, at the time of the cause of action,
registered in the name of company A, but was beneficially owned by company B.
The appellate court held that company B was the “owner” at the relevant time
for the purpose of s 4(4)(b). It is thus not accurate to adopt the view taken
in The Tian Sheng No 8 that registration is virtually conclusive save for a
wholly exceptional case. Second, I agreed with the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
in The Almojil 61 that the words “beneficial owner” in ss 12B(4)(i) and (ii)
of the High Court Ordinance of Hong Kong (the equivalent of our ss 4(4)(b)(i)
and (ii) of the HCAJA) should not be construed in the manner for the benefit
of plaintiffs and may not be used by defendants to defeat the arrest of a
ship. As Kwan JA explained at [60], the section on beneficial ownership
“operates both ways, it can confer rights on a plaintiff and there is also
protection for the defendant.” The provision could take into account the
possibility of a trust, as was the case argued before the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal. Third, proper weight has to be attached to the registration of
ownership in ascertaining beneficial ownership for the purpose of s 4(4)(b)(i)
because there is no rule that registered ownership is always coextensive with
beneficial ownership.

33 It is thus clear that under Singapore law, for the purposes of s 4(4)(b)(i)
of the HCAJA, the certificate of registration is not a certificate of title;
the ship’s register serves as a record upon which a prima facie inference of
ownership is made. The prima facie inference of ownership arising from the
registration as owner of the vessel can be displaced by evidence that someone
else is the beneficial owner for the purpose of s 4(4). As the High Court put
it in The Opal 3 ex Kuchino (at [11]), s 4(4) “admits of proof that someone
other than the legal or registered owner is the beneficial owner.”

34 Turning to the manner in which the issue of beneficial ownership ought to
be investigated, much depends on the circumstances of the particular case. The
nature and type of evidence needed to determine the question of beneficial
ownership is likely to concern principles of equity and trust, the principles
relating to avoiding fraudulent conveyances to delay or defeat creditors, the
principles relating to piercing the corporate veil, the principles relating to
transfer of title to goods and the principles of estoppel (see The Opal 3 ex
Kuchino at [11]). Thus, proof of beneficial ownership is admitted where there
are allegations such as fraud, trust, nominee holding and legal effect of a
sale of the vessel to name a few types of allegations that were raised in past
decided cases. The outcome of the challenge depends on the quality and weight
to be given to the evidence adduced.

35 On the facts of this jurisdictional challenge, the deletion of the Min Rui
from the Hong Kong Shipping Register was pending following the defendant’s
Notice of Intention to Close a Ship’s Registration by Owner dated 16 December
2014 in the following terms: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p77.

I/We, being the registered owner(s) of the abovenamed ship, hereby give notice
that I/we wish the above ship’s registration to be closed under section 59(1)
of the Merchant Shipping (Registration) Ordinance.

The defendant’s notice to close the ship’s register was a post-delivery
obligation of the defendant to arrange for the vessel to be permanently
deleted from her previous registry and to deliver a certificate of permanent
deletion. In my view, there was no evidential basis for the plaintiffs’
allegation that the defendant’s notice to close the ship’s register and
deregistration was an afterthought that was intended to defeat the in rem
proceedings and not for the genuine registration of the vessel in Panama. The
plaintiffs pointed to the date of the Notice of Intention to Close a Ship’s
Registration by Owner (signed by the defendant and sent to the Hong Kong
Shipping Registry) which was coincidentally the date of the in rem writ. There
was no credence to this contention at all. It was not suggested anywhere that
the defendant had known anything about the plaintiffs’ decision to file the in
rem writ before the notice to close the ship’ register was submitted. If there
was any substance in the contention, the notice to close the ship’s register
would not have been dated 16 December 2014 ─ one would logically expect to see
the document backdated to a date before 16 December 2014.

36 Factually, the Buyer of the Min Rui had yet to be registered as a legal
owner in Panama with the PRMAP, and its interest in the vessel was equitable
only. If the plaintiffs wanted to argue, as they have done in their
submissions, that the registration of the Min Rui with the Hong Kong Shipping
Registry would nonetheless prevail in the sense that there could not be any
“completion of sale” as at 12 December 2014, they ought to do have done more
than simply rely on the entry in the ship’s register. The submissions beg the
question as to what the legal consequences of registration under Hong Kong law
as the place of register was in the first instance.

Allegation that the sale transaction was not genuine

37 For the defendant, the events which demonstrated that the Min Rui was
transferred into the beneficial ownership of the Buyer were the MOA of 13
October 2014 and the performance of the MOA as amended, on 12 December 2014.
The documentation of the transfer and sale of the Min Rui from the defendant
to the Buyer was comprehensive. Apart from the MOA (dated 13 October 2014)
with its two addenda, there was also evidence of a signed Bill of Sale and
Acceptance of Sale, board of directors’ meeting minutes and resolutions,
powers of attorney authorising closing, commercial invoices, a Protocol of
Delivery and Acceptance, as well as a certificate from the Bureau Veritas for
the change of ship’s name, flag and ownership. The contemporaneous documentary
evidence as a whole supported the existence of a genuine contract for sale and
purchase of the Min Rui, the delivery of the executed Bill of Sale as well as
delivery of possession of the Min Rui to the Buyer at Qingdao, China on 12
December 2014. Ian Goldrein, Matt Hannaford and Paul Turner, Ship Sale and
Purchase (Informa, 6th Ed, 2012) commented on the function of the bill of sale
in the following terms (at 161):

In the context of ship contracts, a bill of sale is the document used to
evidence and effect the transfer of ownership (also called “property” or
“title”) in the ship from seller to buyer. In the vast majority of such
contracts, the parties intend that delivery and payment of all sums due from
the buyer under the sale will operate so as to transfer ownership of the ship
from the seller to the buyer.

38 The plaintiffs invited this court to draw an adverse inference against the
defendant and to conclude that the sale of the vessel was not genuine; and
that there was no intention to sell the Min Rui was to be inferred from the
following matters: (a) cl 8(e) of the MOA was deleted and the illogicality of
deleting the standard provision in the MOA that required the Certificate of
Deletion of the vessel from the vessel’s registry to be provided at delivery
of the vessel meant that the new owner would not be able to register the
vessel in Panama without deregistration from the Hong Kong Ship Registry; and
(b) the fact there was no evidence of receipt of payment of the purchase
price.

39 On point (a), the plaintiffs elaborated that given the non-deletion of the
Min Rui from the Hong Kong Shipping Register, there was no “completion of
sale” as at 12 December 2014. As I have explained in [35]–[36] above, the
plaintiffs’ argument in the proceedings below that relied on the same date of
notice to close the ship’s register and the in rem writ as evidence pointing
to an afterthought intended to defeat the arrest was a bald allegation that
was misconceived.

40 On 13 October 2014 when the MOA was signed, the standard list of delivery
documentation in cl 8 was deleted. However, a customised list was provided
three days later in the first addendum on 16 October 2014. It was thus on 16
October 2014 in Addendum No 1 that a legal Bill of Sale in Panamanian form for
the vessel was required to be executed by the defendant for closing, a clear
sign that the vessel was not intended to remain on the Hong Kong Shipping
Register and was to be registered post-sale in Panama instead. Even though the
standard cl 8(e) on delivery of a deletion certificate or a deletion
undertaking was cancelled from the Saleform standard terms, it was clear from
the MOA’s Addendum No 1 dated 16 October 2014 that the intention of the Buyer
was to register the vessel in Panama: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p27.

The [defendant] shall provide [Chellona Investment Inc or its nominee] with
[the] following delivery documents for the purpose of purchase, delivery of
the [Min Rui], and registration to new flag after delivery of the [Min Rui].
[emphasis added]

41 There was also a contemporaneous board resolution passed by the board of
the Buyer on 25 November 2014 for the vessel “upon its purchase … [to be]
registered in the ownership of the [Buyer] under the Panamanian flag” (under
clause (ii) of the board resolution), and a power of attorney issued the same
day which authorised the Buyer’s attorneys to “do all acts, matters and things
in connection with effecting the registration of the [Min Rui] at the
Panamanian Registry” (under cl 5 of the power of attorney). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at pp69 &73.

42 In addition, a letter of undertaking dated 9 December 2014 pursuant to item
(v) of Addendum No 1 was given by the defendant to the Buyer during
completion. Item (v) of Addendum No 1 required: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p27.

One (1) original letter of undertaking duly signed by the [defendant]
undertaking:

(a) to physically deliver to [Chellona Investment Inc or its nominee] the [Min
Rui] and all original continuous synopsis records on board the [Min Rui].

43 Continuous Synopsis Records for the Min Rui would be issued by the Hong
Kong Shipping Register and those records already issued and on board the
vessel were to be handed over. More importantly, post-completion, the
Continuous Synopsis Records for the Min Rui would be updated as was the case
here as shown in the copy of the Continuous Synopsis Records issued on 8
January 2015. That document stated that the Min Rui ceased to be a Hong Kong
registered vessel on 7 January 2015. Notably, the Continuous Synopsis Record
issued on 8 January 2015 was a document issued after the defendant’s post-
completion notice to close the ship’s register dated 16 December 2014 and the
deregistration of the Min Rui from the Hong Kong Shipping Registry was on 7
January 2015.

44 As for the contention that the evidence of payment receipts were lacking, I
found this argument to be a non-starter. Commercial invoices were adduced and
the executed Bill of Sale contained the defendant’s clear acknowledgment of
receipt of the purchase price of US$3,750,000. Correspondingly, the executed
Bill of Sale was recognised and accepted by the Buyer, as evidenced by the
executed Acceptance of Sale.

45 Initially, the plaintiffs alluded to the use of a common company secretary
and the same registered address of the defendant and the Buyer. However, that
sort of evidence was not enough to support a claim that the sale transaction
was not genuine. Notably, the plaintiffs neither asserted nor adduced evidence
that the defendant and the Buyer had common directors or common shareholders.
In the absence of evidence that the defendant and the Buyers were related
companies, there was no difficulty in concluding that the sale was between
unrelated parties.

46 The High Court of Australia observed in Raftland Pty Ltd v Federal
Commissioner of Taxation [2008] HCA 21 (at [36]) that there is a need for
caution in adopting the description “sham” as the finding of sham requires a
finding of deceit. Cogent evidence must be adduced to satisfy the court that a
sale or transfer in question is a sham and not genuine. To illustrate, sale
transactions that have been found to be shams involved the following facts:

(a) The close relationship between the transferor and transferee (the
directors in both companies were friends in The Ocean Enterprise [1997] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 449; relevant parties were children of the Arabian businessman in
The Saudi Prince [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 255 who had no good reason to invest
capital in the vessel; the relevant parties controlling both transferor and
transferee were the family members in The Enfield [1981-1982] SLR(R) 527 (at
[7]));

(b) The lack of authority of person(s) executing relevant documents (The
Tjaskemolen [1997] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 465 at 472; The Ocean Enterprise at 468);

(c) The suspicious method and documentation used to effect the transfer and
payment (The Ocean Enterprise at 478–480, where a series of sham sales and
registration transactions were revealed to cover the perpetuator’s tracks; The
Enfield at [7], where there were two bills of sale; the first bill of sale
which was neither notarised nor legalised was later replaced and substituted
by a second bill of sale that was executed after the vessel sank);

(d) The lack of documentation or accounts from the buyer to show that it owns
or deals with ships (The Saudi Prince at 258–259);

(e) The lack of any evidence of delivery of the vessel (The Enfield at [7]);

(f) The lack of any evidence of intention or fact of payment from buyer to
seller (The Tjaskemolen at 473–474; The Saudi Prince at 260); and

(g) Having a non-existent entity or an entity not yet capable of holding
property at the time of the purported memorandum of sale as a buyer (The
Tjaskemolen at 472; The Saudi Prince at 259–260; The Skaw Prince [1994] 3
SLR(R) 146 at [27]).

47 Even if the sale was genuine, so the plaintiffs’ argument developed, the
change of beneficial ownership was not on 12 December 2014 but after 16
December 2014 for the following reasons: (a) the defendant was still
registered as the owner of the Min Rui on 16 December 2014; and (b) the
executed Bill of Sale that was handed over to the Buyer was not notarised by
the Panamanian Consul, contrary to the contractual requirement under the MOA.
The notarial certificate was only issued on 20 January 2015, after the in rem
writ in ADM 271 was filed on 16 December 2014. Thus, the beneficial ownership
of the Min Rui still remained with the defendant on 16 December 2014,
fulfilling the requirement of s 4(4) of the HCAJA.

48 As for reason (a) stated in [47] above, this has been explained in [35] and
[36] above. Turning to the late notarisation of the Bill of Sale, the
plaintiffs submitted that there was no transfer of beneficial ownership on 12
December 2014 as the Bill of Sale that was part of the delivery documents
exchanged that day was not notarised by the Panamanian consul, as required in
Addendum No 1 to the MOA: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p82.

i) One(1) original of legal “Bill of Sale” in Panamanian form for the Vessel
in favor of the Buyers duly executed by the Sellers, notarized by Panamanian
consul stating that the Vessel is free from all encumbrances, debts, mortgages
and maritime liens;

49 The executed Bill of Sale was notarised on 20 January 2015, which was after
the in rem writ was filed. Notarisation for purposes of registration
subsequently after the physical delivery of the ship does not post-date any
transfer of beneficial interest. As the Court of Appeal in The Andres
Bonifacio observed (at [42]), the courts would “prefer substance to form and
would not permit formal defects to undermine the substance of a transaction”.
Further, as the plaintiffs pointed out, this Bill of Sale was a deliverable
under the defendant and Buyer’s contract. When parties themselves had accepted
the delivery of documents as they were on 12 December 2014 and had proceeded
to sign (a) the Acceptance of the Sale; and (b) the Protocol of Delivery and
Acceptance there and then, an outsider had no legal basis to argue such a
point when a contractual requirement had essentially been varied or waived by
the contracting parties’ conduct.

50 Further, it would seem that the contractual purpose of the notarisation was
stated to be expressly for the sake of confirming and assuring the Buyer that
the vessel was “free from all encumbrances, debts, mortgages and maritime
liens” (see above at [48]). It would not have made a material difference to
the parties of the sale whether notarisation of the Bill of Sale had been done
by the time of closing when the defendant had already warranted under cl 9 of
the MOA that the vessel was, at the time of delivery, “free from all charters,
export taxes, encumbrances, mortgages and maritime liens or any debts
whatsoever” and had actually indemnified the Buyer against all consequences of
claims made against the vessel incurred prior to delivery. Eventually, after
notarisation was carried out on 20 January 2015, the notary did attest that he
was satisfied that the vessel was free from any encumbrances and maritime
liens (see above at [20]). The absence of notarisation thus did not affect the
substantive rights vis-à-vis the parties at the point of closing, and was only
a procedural requirement for the subsequent intended registration of the
vessel with PRMAP in Panama.

51 The plaintiffs also took issue with the fact that the “Acceptance of Sale”
portion at the bottom of the one-page Bill of Sale was not signed by the
Buyers and that only the signature of the defendant was contained in the
document. There was nothing in this allegation because there was a separately-
executed Acceptance of Sale dated 12 December 2014. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Zhang’s 1st Affidavit at p60.

For the reasons stated, I was not persuaded that late notarisation meant that
there could be “no completion of the sale” on 12 December 2014.

Meaning of beneficial ownership

52 For the purposes of s 4(4)(b)(i) of the HCAJA, a beneficial owner is a
person who has the right to sell, dispose of or alienate all the shares in
that ship. In The Permina 3001, the Court of Appeal (at [9]) stated that:

The question is what do the words “beneficially owned as respects all the
shares therein” mean in the context of the Act. These words are not defined in
the Act. Apart from authority, we would construe them to refer only to such
ownership of a ship as is vested in a person who has the right to sell,
dispose of or alienate all the shares in that ship. Our construction would
clearly cover the case of a ship owned by a person who, whether he is the
legal owner or not, is in any case the equitable owner of all the shares
therein.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

53 The phrase “beneficial owner” in s 4(4)(b)(i) essentially embraces the
concept of equitable title and allows for the institution of the trust (The
Permina 3001 at [9]; The Temasek Eagle at [12]; The Opal 3 ex Kuchino at [11];
The Andres Bonifacio at [16]). The legal burden of proof is on the party who
seeks to invoke the in rem jurisdiction of the court to show that beneficial
ownership of all the shares in the offending vessel was with the relevant
party liable in personam.

Application of the lex fori to ascertain beneficial ownership as defined

54 The Court of Appeal in The Andres Bonifacio held that “the determination by
the court of its own jurisdiction in rem depended on Singapore law as the lex
fori” (at [35]), relying on and citing the cases of The Halycyon Isle
[1979-1980] SLR(R) 538 and The TS Havprins [1983] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 356. This lexi
fori approach was later confirmed again in The Jarguh Sawit [1997] 3 SLR(R)
829 where the Court of Appeal confirmed (at [29]–[32]) that jurisdiction is a
procedural issue and hence must be determined by the lex fori:

…we are of the view that the question of jurisdiction must always be
determined by the lex fori. To classify a jurisdictional dispute as a
substantive issue is to accept the possibility that the law governing a
jurisdictional dispute is the lex causae and not the lex fori, a proposition
which merely begs the question as to what would be the connecting factor in
such a case. Clearly, the scope of judicial power must be determined by the
law of the state which confers the power, ie the lex fori, and cannot be
determined by reference to the laws of another state. This was also the view
of this court in The Andres Bonifacio [1993] 3 SLR(R) 71 in which Lai Kew Chai
J stated (at [35]):

… the learned judge had in our view correctly treated the question of
jurisdiction as one governed by Singapore law as the lex fori. Counsel quite
rightly objected to the raising of the issue of the applicability of Filipino
law on the basis that it was neither raised below nor in the appellants’ case.
In our view the determination by the court of its own jurisdiction in rem
depended on Singapore law as the lex fori.

55 This approach that the issue of beneficial ownership is a jurisdictional
question for the lex fori was applied in subsequent High Court decisions. The
Singapore courts would also consider evidence of relevant foreign law as facts
in evidence in determining the beneficial ownership issue under Singapore law.
As Tan J explained in The Makassar Caraka Jaya Niaga III-39 (at [9]), the
Singapore court would “in the case of foreign ships, take into account
relevant aspects of the relevant foreign law for a better picture of how ships
may be owned or transferred in order to determine who has the beneficial
ownership under that foreign law”. Ultimately though, Singapore law, being the
lex fori, “cannot be supplanted”. Thus, in The Makassar Caraka Jaya Niaga
III-39, Indonesian law was relevant to the proceedings and was taken into
account to determine whether the ship was a state asset and was actually owned
by Indonesia despite being registered in the respondent/intervener’s name. Tan
J preferred the evidence of the appellant/plaintiff’s expert on Indonesian law
and held that the respondent/intervener failed to displace the presumption of
ownership arising from the registration of the vessel in its name.

56 Similarly, in The Sangwon [1999] 3 SLR(R) 919, Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering
the grounds of decision of the Court of Appeal) also took into account North
Korean law to determine if the registered owner of a vessel could hold
property as co-operative organisations established under the laws of North
Korea or it was in fact a state enterprise and all North Korean-flagged
vessels could only be beneficially owned by the Democratic People’s Republic
of Korea (“DPRK”). The latter case was held (at [24]) to be incomplete as the
expert had failed to take into account other provisions of the DPRK
Constitution and Civil Law, as well as the DPRK Cooperative Organisations Law.
Consequently, the respondents failed to show that the relevant vessels were
beneficially owned by the State of DPRK. To summarise, foreign law was
considered to examine the ownership rights that the relevant parties had over
the vessel, but the beneficial ownership issue was ultimately determined by
Singapore law as the lex fori with the foreign legal context characterised and
analysed within the “yardstick of the lex fori”. In The Makassar Caraka Jaya
Niaga III-39 and The Sangwon “as the relevant vessels” were registered in
Jakarta and DPRK respectively, the relevant foreign law and the legal effects
of foreign registration (Jakarta and DPRK respectively) had been accorded some
role as an element in the framework to be considered.

57 A point of consideration in this case to satisfy the statutory requirement
of beneficial ownership for the purpose of establishing jurisdiction in rem
would be to apply Singapore law as the lex fori having regard to the proper
law of the sale contract (in this case English law according to cl 16 of the
MOA) and the legal effect of the transfer of property to the Buyer before
deregistration of the vessel. As stated, the plaintiffs argued that there was
“no completion of the sale” on 12 December 2014 as the Min Rui was still a
Hong Kong registered vessel and the defendant was the registered owner. There
was no evidence before this court on what recognition the law of the place of
register would or would not give to rights created by the concluded sale
transaction before deregistration from the Hong Kong Shipping Register. The
issue here fell to be decided applying the lex fori. In other words, whilst
inference of ownership may be drawn from the register, the court will take
into consideration admissible evidence that the beneficial ownership lies
elsewhere with another entity. The jurisdictional fact required to establish s
4(4)(b)(i) of the HCAJA should be drawn from the substance of the evidence
rather than just upon the fact of registration.

58 If the defendant could sustain the argument that beneficial ownership in
the Min Rui had passed to the Buyer on 12 December 2014, there was no
statutory basis to commence the in rem proceedings or to arrest the Min Rui. A
similar situation was before the Federal Court of Australia in Tisand (Pty)
Ltd and Others v The Owners of the Ship M.V “Cape Moreton” (Ex “Freya”) [2005]
FCAFC 68 (“The Cape Moreton”). In that case, the seller was still entered in
the Liberian register as the registered owner despite the delivery of a bill
of sale and delivery of possession to the purchaser. The sale in that case was
pursuant to a Norwegian Saleform 1993 agreement. At the time of the arrest,
the vessel was provisionally registered in Hong Kong and not yet deleted from
the Liberian register. The issue before the Full Court was whether the seller
was the owner of the ship at the time of the proceedings, given that it was
the registered owner, or whether the purchaser was the owner, albeit an
equitable owner. The Admiralty Act 1988 (Cth), s 17 (on arrest for owner’s
liabilities) and s 19 (on arrest of sister ships) both refer to the term
“owner”. The Full Court held that the term “owner” covers a registered owner,
but nothing in ss 17 and 19 excludes a “beneficial owner”. They found that for
a ship to be subject to in rem jurisdiction, it must be the property of the
“presumptively liable relevant person” (at [103]). This notion of proprietary
ownership has its roots in the 1952 Arrest Convention and thus supports the
view that the statutory action in rem action requires a proprietary connection
of ownership between the debtor and the ship at the time of the institution of
the action in rem.

59 Ryan and Allsop JJ (at [140]) favoured the approach taken by the English
Court of Appeal in The Nazym Khikmet [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 362, and interpreted
the application of the law of the lex fori to include also the “law of the
forum’s rules of private international law making foreign law relevant”, ie
the lex fori’s municipal/domestic laws and conflict of laws rules. As for the
connecting factor that determines “the law to which [the relevant party] is
subject”, the Full Court opined (at [141]) that “there appears to be
reasonable foundation … that the law governing the transfer of property rights
is the lex situs”. After exploring the difficulties in identifying the situs
of a merchant ship, it was expressed that there were powerful reasons for
giving effect to the law of the country of register as the lex situs. No
evidence of foreign law was adduced in that case and the Full Court was not
able to comment (at [148]) on the question of choice between potential sources
of law in the factual matrix of a sale transaction of the ship. Although The
Cape Moreton does go further than The Nazym Khikmet and the other cases in
exploring the conflicts analysis by advocating a conflicts characterisation of
the issue as that of transfer of property rights which pointed to lex situs as
the applicable law, Ryan and Allsop JJ’s analysis still treated Australian law
as the lex fori as the starting point and lens through which foreign law was
considered in a specific instance of factual investigation of beneficial
ownership. Arguably, they may not have advocated for a full lex causae
conflicts approach where the issue would essentially be determined by the
foreign law selected by the lex fori’s conflict of laws rules. After all,
their analysis is purportedly built on the approach adopted in The Nazym
Khikmet. What is clear is that beneficial ownership denotes the right or power
to dispose of dominion, possession or enjoyment of the ship. This right or
power is essentially a matter of private law and arises from the dealings
between the parties concerning the ship and not in statute. The Full Court
followed the approach in The Nazym Khikmet which found that the law of the
forum governs the characterisation of the rights. This approach reinforces the
view that the fact of registration of a vessel is at best prima facie evidence
of ownership.

60 The Full Court also examined the legal consequences of registration. The
attribution of the national character of a ship is determined by the entry
into the public record of the place of registration. These are sometimes
referred to as the “public law” consequences of registration which are to be
distinguished from the private law consequences when dealing with the title of
the registered owner.

The transfer of property under the MOA

61 In the present case, the Min Rui was registered in Hong Kong and sold
pursuant to an agreement expressly stated to be governed by English law. On 24
November 2014, the Provisional Patente was issued by the DGMM to the Buyer and
in the vessel’s new name, Qi Dong.

62 As for the legal consequences of registration per se, if any, following the
concluded sale transaction and before deregistration of the Min Rui from the
Hong Kong Shipping Register, Hong Kong law on registration would be relevant.
Such information would be considered as a factual circumstance in the lex
fori’s determination of beneficial ownership for the purposes of determining
admiralty jurisdiction. I have already commented on this aspect earlier in
this Grounds of Decision.

63 As for the relevance of Panamanian law, the defendant submitted that
Panamanian law was relevant as to the legal effects of the Provisional Patente
issued by the DGMM and the subsequent registration with the PRMAP, ie how
registration of ownership on vessels was done in Panama and interpreted by the
Panamanian courts. On the other hand, the plaintiffs’ submission was that the
Singapore courts apply a lex fori approach. Both the defendant and plaintiffs
adduced expert opinions on Panamanian law. To the extent that both parties had
agreed that the Provisional Patente was only provisional and “temporary”, and
that the Buyer had become the registered owner of the Min Rui after permanent
registration with the PRMAP on 24 February 2015, I was of the view that the
dispute between the parties as to whether Panamanian law recognised a
presumptive beneficial ownership on the basis of a Provisional Patente issued
by the DGMM and the alternative interpretations of Panamanian case law on this
issue were irrelevant. Singapore law as the lex fori strictly applied to
determine this issue of beneficial ownership under the HCAJA. Panamanian law
was relevant only as to whether the Provisional Patente was evidence of
registered (and not beneficial) ownership – an issue that was actually not in
dispute as neither party had submitted on this basis. I thus found that the
expert evidence adduced on Panamanian law was largely not relevant to the
present case.

64 English law was the proper law of the MOA. Thus, it was relevant to examine
the nature and extent of the contractual rights created or recognised by the
sale and the delivery of the Min Rui and the executed Bill of Sale to the
Buyer. To illustrate, in The Almojil 61, Saudi Arabian law would have been
referred to (if not for the presumption of similarity that it was no different
from Hong Kong law) as the governing law of the contract to interpret the
nature of the rights and obligations of the contracting parties and whether
the substance of the transaction was in fact a loan or an acquisition of
partial interest in the vessel pending its sale (ie a contractual
interpretation issue). As Kwan JA noted (at [43]), “how the Agreement is
characterised would affect the right of arrest conferred by statute in s
12B(4)(ii)” of Hong Kong’s High Court Ordinance. Her observations on s
12B(4)(ii) would also apply to s 12B(4)(i) of Hong Kong’s High Court
Ordinance, which is the equivalent of s 4(4)(b)(i) of HCAJA.

65 As mentioned, the transfer of ownership of a ship is usually by way of a
bill of sale. The comments (at para 10.16) of Nigel Meeson and John A Kimbell
in Admiralty Jurisdiction and Practice (Informa, 4th Ed, 2011) are
instructive:

Where a ship is a registered vessel, although it is possible that property in
the ship may pass under section 18(1) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 upon
signing a Memorandum of Agreement and payment of the deposit, before formal
title is transferred by the execution of the bill of sale, the normal rule is
that the parties intend property to pass upon execution of the bill of sale,
payment of the balance of the price and physical delivery of the ship.
[emphasis added]

66 Similarly, the proposition that title of a vessel is transferred in a sale
and purchase transaction at the point of delivery of the bill of sale,
exchange of closing documents and physical delivery of the vessel can be found
in Ship Sale and Purchase at p 161, where the authors were commenting on cl 8
of the Norwegian Saleform 2012 (the successor to Saleform 1993 which was what
the MOA was based on in the present case). I have already set out the relevant
passage at p 161 in [37] above.

67 Sale and transfer agreements based on the Norwegian Saleforms contemplate
risk remaining with the seller until delivery of the vessel. Clause 11 of the
MOA, which stipulated that the risk and expense of loss, deterioration or
damage of the Min Rui remained with the defendant until the Min Rui was
delivered to the Buyer, was also prima facie consistent with this
interpretation of when title was intended to pass.

68 Notably, title in a ship is to pass to the buyer at some point after the
contract is signed, as there is a distinction between a “sale” and an
“agreement to sell” (under the Sale of Goods Act which ships as chattels are
governed by) which would determine the time in which title in the goods will
pass from the seller to the buyer: Naamlooze Vennootschap Stoomvaart
Maatschappij Vredobert v European Shipping Co, Ltd [1926] 25 Lloyd’s Rep 210;
see also Ship Sale and Purchase at pp 80–81 and Admiralty Jurisdiction and
Practice at para 10.17. In the present case, the Buyer and the defendant had
in cl 5 of the MOA agreed on a later date of delivery somewhere in the “P.R.
China” with a range of dates agreed upon as the expected time of delivery.
Notwithstanding the initial reference to Shanghai as the place of closing in
cl 8 (majority of which was supplemented by the first addendum regarding the
delivery documentation), closing and delivery of the Min Rui took place on 12
December 2014 at Qingdao, China with the exchange of the relevant
documentation and the signing of the Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance,
whereby the Buyer had accepted delivery of the Min Rui.

69 This case was unlike the situation in The Permina 3001 where the Court of
Appeal held (at [19]) that a hire-purchase type of financing arrangement with
the possibility of the seller rescinding was a “conditional sale agreement”,
despite being titled as a “Purchase Contract”. The court found that the seller
had, until payment of the full purchase price, the right to rescind the
agreement and retake possession of the ship in the event of failure to pay any
instalments on their due dates. Thus, the court was of the opinion that the
alleged buyer would not be regarded as the equitable owner of the ship.

70 On the other hand, in The Temasek Eagle, it was held (at [18]) that there
was “ample evidence of a contract” between the defendant purchaser and
Maritime Malaysia for the sale and purchase of ship, with the passing of
property and beneficial ownership prior to the arrest of the vessel. The ship
was thus no longer beneficially owned by Maritime Malaysia. The “ample
evidence” before the court then were (at [5]–[10]), inter alia, a signed
agreement to purchase the vessel for RM$2,000,000, a bill of sale, a letter
from Maritime Malaysia stating that they had received the purchase price in
full, as well as a Protocol of Deliveries and Acceptance. Hence, beneficial
ownership of the ship was no longer with Maritime Malaysia, but with the
defendant purchaser.

71 Similarly in The Opal 3 ex Kuchino, the High Court drew a “inevitable
inference” (at [13]) that Leninets had clearly “transferred the nominal and
beneficial ownership to Emerald” based on a bill of sale, acceptance of sale,
an agreement that conferred a right on Emerald to sell the vessels in the
world market and that also stated that Leninets would furnish deletion
certificates from Russia. Thus, although the deletion certificates had not
been granted and Leninets had still remained the registered owners of the ship
on the Russian register, beneficial ownership of the ship was held to have
been passed to Emerald by the time the action was instituted.

72 In the present case, I did not consider that beneficial ownership of the
Min Rui to have been transferred from the defendant to the Buyer pursuant to
the MOA (with its addenda) that was signed before the closing on 12 December
2014. Arguably, the Buyer could still cancel the agreement in accordance with
cl 14 of the MOA if the defendant had proposed a new cancelling date when the
Min Rui was not ready for delivery by the cancelling date (cl 5(c)) or if the
defendant had failed to give a Notice of Readiness. Given the terms of the MOA
and the addenda thereto, the parties had intended to transfer the title in the
Min Rui by delivery of the Bill of Sale and physical delivery of possession of
the Min Rui to the Buyer during closing. Further, it was clear from lines 1
and 2 of the MOA that the MOA was worded to make it clear that it was only an
agreement to sell and buy the ship at some future time, rather than at the
date of the contract (see also Ship Sale and Purchase at p 82 on a similar
comment on the analogous lines 2 and 3 of Saleform 2012).

73 Thus, the agreement between the defendant and the Buyer envisaged title in
the Min Rui passing to the Buyer only at closing, which was after the contract
was signed and after a number of steps were to be performed (such as payment
of deposit in cl 2, possible drydocking/divers inspection under cl 6, and
miscellaneous notices given etc.) prior to delivery and closing at a later
date.

74 In this case, there was acknowledgment of receipt of the purchase price,
delivery of the executed Bill of Sale and physical delivery of the vessel on
12 December 2014. As bills of sale are usually dated before the delivery date
(as was the case here where the Bill of Sale was dated 9 December 2014), the
Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance served as a “written record of the time
and day at which ownership and risk in the ship moved from the seller to the
buyer” (Ship Sale and Purchase at p 168), which was 1218 hours on 12 December
2014 at Qingdao, China. In my view, beneficial ownership of the Min Rui passed
to the Buyer then. On 12 December 2014, the defendant was clearly no longer
the person who had the “right to sell, dispose of or alienate all the shares
in that ship”, according to the definition adopted by the Court of Appeal in
The Permina 3001. It was the Buyer that had these rights of ownership by then.
After the closing on 12 December 2014, the defendant retained no beneficial
interest and was essentially holding the registered title over the Min Rui on
trust for the Buyer until deletion from the Hong Kong Shipping Register (and
subsequently registration of the vessel under its new name in Panama with the
PRMAP).

75 For completeness, I should mention that English law draws a distinction
between contractual and proprietary effects of a transfer of a chattel. Not
only was this court not invited to decide on this distinction, the parties
also did not touch on the question of which is the applicable lex situs to
determine the existence of proprietary interests short of registered legal
title as well. I therefore say no more about this matter.

Conclusion

76 For all the reasons stated above, I allowed the appeal in RA 342. The
beneficial ownership as respects all shares in the Min Rui had passed to the
Buyer on 12 December 2014. Accordingly, I ordered the in rem writ and the
warrant of arrest to be set aside. I also ordered the security provided by the
defendant to be returned to the defendant by 3 May 2016.

77 The plaintiffs were ordered to pay the defendant: (a) the costs below of
S$8,000.00 plus reasonable disbursements to be agreed or taxed (including any
Panamanian lawyer fees and disbursements in respect of SUM 1621 of 2015); and
(b) costs of RA 342 fixed at a lump sum of S$6,500.00.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Prakash Nair and Nazirah d/o Kairo Din (Clasis LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Chua Kok Wah and Yeo Wen Yi Brenna (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
defendant.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

