Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 175

Originating Summons No 450 of 2016

Between

| Ezion Holdings Limited  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Teras Cargo Transport Pte. Ltd.  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Companies] — [Members] — [Rights]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ezion Holdings Ltd

  
v  

Teras Cargo Transport Pte. Ltd.

[2016] SGHC 175

High Court — Originating Summons No 450 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC

10 August 2016  

30 August 2016 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the right of a shareholder of a company to financial
information if the company has been dilatory in holding meetings. The
Plaintiff, Ezion Holdings Limited, a shareholder of the Defendant, Teras Cargo
Transport Pte Ltd, seeks an order under s 203 of the Companies Act (Cap 50,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the Defendant’s financial statements and accounts
for the financial year (“FY”) ending in 2015, though these have not yet been
prepared and audited. Despite the best efforts of Counsel for the Plaintiff, I
decline to grant the application.

Background

2 From the bar, the Court was informed that there are at present no other
proceedings, including those under s 216 or 216A of the Act, pending in the
Singapore courts. The Plaintiff’s application for the financial statement and
accounts of the Defendant is thus not in aid of any specific matter, as yet.
Again from the bar, the Court was told that the Defendant had previously been
owned by the Plaintiff, but was subsequently sold off with the Plaintiff
remaining a minority shareholder.

3 The last audited accounts were for the financial year 2012. An annual
general meeting (“AGM”) had been held in July 2016, three months after the
present application was filed, and there, the audited accounts and financial
statements for FY 2013 were produced and queries were made.

4 In this case, no distinction arises between the rights of a shareholder and
member. This judgment thus uses the terms interchangeably, except when
examining the precise words in statutory provisions.

The Plaintiff’s Case

5 The Plaintiff argues that the accounts and financial statements are how
shareholders are able to look into the affairs of a company. Without these
documents, shareholders would not know what is going on. If these documents
disclose things going wrong, the shareholder could then ask for the underlying
documents, and then consider other proceedings including a derivative action.
A right to these documents should thus be a basic right: a shareholder should
be treated fairly so as to protect his investments. It goes to the question of
fair dealing.

6 The Plaintiff points out that the last audited accounts that were issued
were for FY 2012. Repeated requests had been made for FY 2013 and 2014, but
these still have not been issued. No statements were given either for FY 2015.
In fact, the AGM for FY 2013 was only called in July 2016, three months after
the present application was filed. Queries about the Directors’ report and
audited financial statements for 2013 could not be answered by the Defendant’s
director at that AGM. No AGM has been called yet for 2014.

7 The Plaintiff argues that s 203 of the Companies Act confers a right on the
shareholder to request a copy of financial statements and accounts. Section
203 does not require an audit before the laying of the documents. Burdeny v K
& D Gourmet Baked Foods and Investments Inc. [1999] BCJ No 953 (“Burdeny”), a
decision of the British Columbia Supreme Court, is cited as authority for the
proposition that the court could order a company to produce its unaudited
financial statements upon request by a shareholder. In addition article 122B
of the Articles of Association of the Defendant confers a similar right.

8 The Plaintiff further argues that s 201 of the Act imposes a statutory duty
on the directors to prepare proper accounts, and s 203 then entrenches the
rights of the shareholders. This, it is said, is supported by the speech of a
Member of Parliament, Mr Ong Teng Koon, at the Second Reading of the Companies
(Amendment) Bill (“the Bill”) on 8 October 2014, to the effect that
transparency in the governance structure of the company is one of the
essential objectives of the Companies Act: Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (8 October 2014) vol 92.

9 The Plaintiff contends that its rights could not be effectively enforced
through a complaint to the relevant agencies that the Defendant failed to hold
its AGMs in a timely fashion, as the failure to hold AGMs only leads to small
fines, and nothing more: there is little incentive for the Defendant to
comply.

The Defendant’s Case

10 The Defendant relies on the wording of s 203 of the Act, and argues that a
shareholder can only request for audited copies of financial statements that
are to be put before the company in an AGM under s 203(1) of the Act, if the
shareholder failed to receive one. The Defendant submitted that s 203(3) is
concerned with a situation where a member is not provided with a copy of the
audited financial statements ahead of a general meeting; the member could ask
for such documents to make a decision on whether to approve these statements
at the general meeting. This reading of s 203(1) and s 203(3) of the Act is
reinforced by their similarity with their predecessor sections, in s 203(1)
and s 203(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) which appear in
immediate sequence. Further, the Defendant also points out that the commentary
on s 203 of the Act in Woon’s Corporations Law vol 2 (LexisNexis, Looseleaf
Ed, 2016, Issue 2) at paras 605-703 also treats this as a purely
administrative provision. The Defendant argues that there is no basis as a
matter of principle for the Plaintiff’s application. Burdeny, cited by the
Plaintiff, was really concerned with minority oppression, in which the court
ordered the production of the company’s financial statements in order to
facilitate the valuation of the shares. The Defendant also submits that the
Plaintiff’s application pre-supposes that the financial statements have been
drawn up, when they have not. The Defendant suggests that the Plaintiff’s real
complaint is that the Defendant is refusing to disclose the statements, an
allegation for which there is no evidence; the Defendant takes the position
that it had never refused to disclose its audited financial statements. The
Defendant also points out that there are mechanisms under the Act to deal with
late AGMs, and the Plaintiff should look to these. The Defendant submits that
the present application is nothing more than a fishing exercise: the Plaintiff
has not made any allegation as to wrongdoing by the Defendant. Section 203 of
the Act cannot be used as a stepping stone for a s 216 application, and the
Plaintiff should seek pre-action discovery if that were its intent.

The Decision

11 While the Plaintiff’s predicament warrants sympathy, the Plaintiff’s
arguments could not prevail in the face of the plain language and the scheme
of rights and obligations imposed by the Act. The cases and Parliamentary
Debates cited by the Plaintiff do not assist its case. The application is thus
denied.

Analysis

The Statutory Regime

12 The statutory regime created by the Act lays down specific rights and
obligations for the company and its members or shareholders, but does not
expressly provide for a member or shareholder (in the context of the present
case, no real distinction is drawn between the two) to be given the financial
statements before these have been prepared. In other words, the Act does not
confer a broad right to financial information.

13 As has been argued by the Defendant s 203 of the Act is limited to
financial statements already prepared for the purposes of a general meeting.
Section 203 reads, in its relevant parts:

Members of company entitled to financial statements, etc.

203.

—(1) A copy of the financial statements[…]which is duly audited and which (or
which but for section 201C) is to be laid before the company in general
meeting accompanied by a copy of the auditor’s report thereon shall be sent to
all persons entitled to receive notice of general meetings of the company.

[…]

Subsection (3), upon which the Plaintiff rests his application then specifies:

— (3) Any member of a company (whether he is or is not entitled to have sent
to him copies of the financial statements […]) to whom copies have not been
sent and any holder of a debenture shall, on a request being made by him to
the company, be furnished by the company without charge with a copy of the
last financial statements […] together with a copy of the auditor’s report
thereon.

14 Sub-section (3A) makes an offence of non-compliance with subsections (1) or
(3) by the company and every of its officers who is in default. Special
provision is made for private companies that have dispensed with the need for
AGMs.

15 Section 203 of the Act operates in tandem with s 201, which deals with
AGMs. Section 201 reads, in its material portions:

Financial statements and consolidated financial statements

201.—(1) The directors of every company shall, […] at least once in every
calendar year at intervals of not more than 15 months, lay before the company
at its annual general meeting the financial statements for the period since
the preceding financial statements […] made up to a date —

(b) in the case of any other company, not more than 6 months before the date
of the meeting.

[…]

16 The Registrar of Companies is empowered to extend the interval, if there is
an application by the company or in relation to a specified class of
companies: sub-section (4). Sub-section (8) requires that the financial
statements be audited, and the auditor’s report required by s 207 is to be
attached or endorsed with the financial statements.The operation of s 203
accompanies the holding of AGMs laid down in s 201. Section 203 does not then
give a right to general financial information: the financial information that
is to be provided to a member is financial information tied to a general
meeting.

17 The Plaintiff though argues for a broader reading of s 203(1), arguing that
on the proper interpretation the accounts do not have to be audited and laid
before a right arises to the statements. That reading however ignores the
structure of s 203(1), which when leaving out the portion dealing with a
parent company of a group reads,:

A copy of the financial statements … which is duly audited and which (or which
but for section 201C) is to be laid before the company

It is clear that the provision contemplates auditing having been done. The
provision then continues:

… in general meeting accompanied by a copy of the auditor’s report thereon
shall be sent to all persons entitled to receive notice of general meetings of
the company …

The fact that a copy of the auditor’s report reinforces the need for an audit
to have taken place.

18 The Plaintiff also refers to the title of the section, which reads ‘Members
of company entitled to financial statements, etc.’. However, the title, header
or marginal note to a section is not determinative of its contents: it is
intended only to summarise the contents of sections for ease of reference, and
is not always exhaustive or precise. Titles and marginal notes can and have
been used in interpretation in some instances, such as in Ratnam Alfred
Christie v PP [1999] 3 SLR (R) 685, and Algemene Bank Nederland NV v Tan Chin
Tiong [1985-1986] SLR (R) 1154. However, as noted by the Court of Appeal in
Tee Soon Kay v AG [2007] 3 SLR (R) 133 at [41], the marginal notes must be
taken against the backdrop of the actual language used in the section:

While we note that it is now well established that marginal notes can be used
as an aid to statutory interpretation, ultimately, the meaning to be given to
any statutory provision must be gleaned from the actual statutory language as
well as the context. For example, if despite the marginal note of s 8 itself
which reads, “Pensions, etc., not of right”, s 8(1) had gone on to state the
direct opposite, for example, that an officer has a right to a pension, the
courts would derive little or no help from the marginal note which states the
direct opposite of what was said within the provision itself.

Thus in the present case, the title of the section does not control or limit
the operation of the plain words in the section. On the contrary, it is clear
that it is just a very broad and incomplete summary of the contents of the
section. The term ‘etc.’ in the title clearly indicates that this section
governs many matters, and that the title was not intended to be exhaustive.

19 Furthermore, s 203 does not purport to expand members’ rights except as it
expressly mentions. The rights that are generally regarded as having been
conferred on members are the right to vote and attend the general meetings,
the right to payment of dividends if these are declared, and the residual
balance in winding up after liabilities have been paid off. Various treatises
and texts have tried to capture the essence of shareholder rights. In the
local context, we have Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh, Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law
(Academy Publishing, 2015) in which the learned authors state (at para
12.013):

A share is a chose in action that gives its owner, the shareholder, a bundle
of rights against the company that issued the share. Among other things,
shareholders have their right to dividends when it is declared […] The right
to vote is, however, still the most fundamental right of a member of the
company […] Shareholders have various rights involving instances where their
vote is binding. They can appoint and remove directors. They can also change
the company’s constitution. They may also have to approve certain transactions
such as the case under section 160 of the Companies Act in respect of the
disposal of the whole or substantially the whole of the company’s undertaking
or property. […]

The learned authors also then go on to include approval for the issuing of new
shares for loans to directors and connected persons, and remedies against
specific mischief.

20 The rights mentioned in the preceding paragraph are largely the
shareholders’ rights conferred under the Act. Beyond this, the shareholders do
not generally figure in the running of the company – it is the directors who
are tasked with doing so, with the assistance of management: see s 157A of the
Act. It is the directors who have various rights relating to the management of
the company, and these rights may be specified further in the Articles of
Association of the company. Given this distinction between the roles of
directors and members or shareholders, it is not surprising that the Act does
not give an express right to members to general information.

21 The distinction between the roles and powers of directors as against
shareholders or members underlines and puts in context the purpose of the
provision of the reports under s 203 of the Act: it is to allow the members or
shareholders to exercise their vote at general meetings, which is the usual
occasion for the members to exercise their powers. It then follows then that
members are entitled to the financial statements and accounts only as such
reports need to be given for a general meeting.

22 What the Act currently provides in respect of the supply or access to
financial information is in the form of the annual report, and the AGM. The
Plaintiff’s complaint obviously is that the Defendant has not held its AGMs or
provided its annual reports for a number of years, leaving the Plaintiff blind
as to the status of the Defendant’s affairs. That lack of information does
merit sympathy, but it is not a reason for me to override the express words of
s 203. Furthermore, it cannot be said that the Plaintiff is left remediless -
the scheme laid down by the Act provides for penalties for non-compliance with
the requirement. While the Plaintiff argues that these penalties are low, I do
not have actual evidence about the levels of fines imposed. The relevant
agency, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”), is not
before me in these proceedings, and neither is the issue of whether the
company is guilty of any offence. It would not be fair for me to comment
further. And even if these penalties were low, such a fact again would not
justify a departure from the express words of s 203.

23 The Plaintiff cited Burdeny as authority for the proposition that the
Defendant could be ordered to produce the unaudited financial statements to
the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff quoted the remarks of Levine J at [39]:

There is no question that [the applicant] was entitled, as a shareholder of
the company, to have access to the company’s financial records (Company Act,
section 171) and to receive the latest financial statements and auditor’s
report upon request (Company Act, Section 172(3)).

Section 172(3) of the British Columbia Company Act [RSBC 1996] Chapter 62
(“British Columbia Company Act”), in force at the time of Burdeny, reads:

Every company that is not a reporting company, on demand by a member […] of
the company must furnish the member […] with a copy of the company’s latest
financial statement and the auditor’s report on the financial statement.

24 Two things may be noted. Firstly, the wording of s 172(3) of the British
Columbia Company Act, referenced in Burdeny, is clearly different from s
203(3) of the Act. The latter, as noted above, ties in the report with the
Annual General Meeting. That is not present in the British Columbia provision:
a requirement to send audited financial statements to shareholders before an
AGM only applies to a ‘reporting company’: see s 172(1) of the British
Columbia Act. In other words, the Burdeny case did not involve a provision in
identical terms to s 203(3) of the Singapore Act. Secondly, it could have been
argued that the reference to ‘the latest’ financial statements mentioned at
[39] of Burdeny was a reference to the most recent statement actually
prepared. The point was not argued before Levine J and indeed no argument was
apparently taken with the issue of entitlement to reports. The focus of
Burdeny, and presumably the arguments, was on the oppression suffered by the
applicant there. In the face of all of this, Burdeny was not strong authority
for the Plaintiff’s arguments.

25 The Articles of Association of the Defendant could not assist the Plaintiff
either. Article 122(B) which the Plaintiff refers to provides for a copy of
every profit and loss account and balance sheet together with the auditor’s
report, to be sent to persons entitled to receive notice of an AGM not less
than 14 days before the meeting. I accept the Defendant’s argument that
Article 122(B) imposes the same obligations as those under s 203 of the Act,
and thus presents the same obstacles to the Plaintiff’s application. I should
also note that the Articles of Association were not adduced by affidavit, but
a copy was given at the hearing. Counsel for the Defendant, to his credit,
does not take issue with this.

26 The Plaintiff cites Devlin v Slough Estates and ors [1983] BCLC 497, an
English decision, for the proposition that a shareholder has a right to
accounts where the articles of association require the preparation and laying
of the accounts in compliance of the Companies Act. However, it was also held
in that case (at p 502) that the individual shareholder had no personal right
to commence an action for any breach of that obligation as the duty was owed
by the directors to the company and not to the individual shareholders. The
Plaintiff also refers to Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another
[2010] 2 SLR 776 for the proposition that shareholders have a right to be
treated fairly, and to have their investments protected. Lim Swee Khiang and
another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 was similarly
referred to for the proposition that fairness is to be expected. However,
these cases are concerned with oppression of minority shareholders, and are
not authorities supporting a free standing right for individual shareholders
to obtain financial information.

27 As to the Plaintiff’s reference above to the Parliamentary Debates during
the Second Reading of the Bill on 8 October 2014, I note that Mr Ong Teng
Koon’s comment that “The third objective of this Bill is to achieve the
correct balance between flexibility and transparency…” was made in the context
of setting the stage for a discussion regarding dual class shares. Similarly,
the references to the rights of shareholders in the rest of Mr Ong’s speech
were concerned with other areas of the Bill and not with the member’s right to
financial information.

28 Mr Ong’s speech thus could not assist in the interpretation of the
provision. A Minister’s speech in moving a bill may be useful in helping to
interpret the provisions of that bill once it has been enacted as an Act of
Parliament. The Minister’s speech in such a context would be expected to
indicate the objective of the enactment, and the purpose and intent of the
provisions. In contrast, questions or speeches by Members of Parliament would
not generally have the same effect; the individual Members may have their own
specific areas of concern which may not be reflective of the intent of
Parliament as a whole, so their speeches would not generally clothe the
provisions of the Act with particular meanings. One possible exception would
be where a Member proposes an amendment which is either accepted or rejected;
in that case the Member’s speech could be useful in interpreting the
provisions if the amendment were passed, and even if it were not, any
accompanying remarks in rejection may cast light on what was eventually
enacted. In the present case, Mr Ong’s speech was made as in support of the
Bill. There did not appear to be any echo of the reference to transparency in
the response of the Minister moving the Bill. The second reading speech did
not actually go into this. The Speech by the Senior Minister of State for
Finance, Mrs Josephine Teo, focused on other areas, and did not include clause
122, which was the clause amending s 203. Neither was there any engagement in
Mrs Teo’s response to the comments on transparency. Tellingly, in response to
Mr Ong’s question about what recourse shareholders had if the management and
the board of directors were remiss in fulfilling their duties, Mrs Teo
referred to the minority oppression action as a remedy. This puts paid to the
Plaintiff’s argument that the Act was intended to confer on shareholders the
general right to financial information for the sake of transparency.

29 Furthermore, the amendment introduced by the Companies (Amendment) Act 2014
(No. 36 of 2014), which was the Act resulting from the Bill, was insignificant
in terms of altering the rights of the shareholder. This is seen in the
following table of comparison between s 203 of the Act before and after the
amendment:

The pre-amendment section| The 2014 amendment  
---|---  
—(1) A copy of every profit and loss account and balance-sheet of a company
[…], which is duly audited and which (or which, but for section 201C) is to be
laid before the company in general meeting accompanied by a copy of the
auditor’s report thereon shall — […]be sent to all persons entitled to receive
notice of general meetings of the company .|  “(1) A copy of the financial
statements or […], which is duly audited and which (or which but for section
201C) is to be laid before the company in general meeting accompanied by a
copy of the auditor’s report thereon shall be sent to all persons entitled to
receive notice of general meetings of the company […]  
  
Given there was no material change to s 203(1) of the Act through the
Companies (Amendment) Act 2014, Mr Ong’s statement is not relevant in
interpreting the parts of the section that are in play in the present case.

30 In addition, even if Mr Ong’s remark were relevant, its influence on
interpretation would be limited. Extrinsic materials cannot override or
substitute the text. As noted by Rajah JA in PP v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR
(R) 183 at [52], the express literal wording of the provision cannot be wholly
disregarded:

More importantly, it is crucial that statutory provisions are not construed,
in the name of a purposive approach, in a manner that goes against all
possible and reasonable interpretation of the express literal wording of the
provision. This much is clear from the decision of Dawson J of the High Court
of Australia in Mills v Meeking (1990) 91 ALR 16. In that case, Dawson J
explained the effect of s 35(a) of the Interpretation of Legislation Act 1984
of Victoria (which is based on s 15AA of the Australian Act and corresponds to
s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act). He stated at pp 30–31:

The approach required by s 35 needs no ambiguity or inconsistency; it allows a
court to consider the purposes of an Act in determining whether there is more
than one possible construction. Reference to the purposes may reveal that the
draftsman has inadvertently overlooked something which he would have dealt
with had his attention been drawn to it and if it is possible as a matter of
construction to repair the defect, then this must be done. However, if the
literal meaning of a provision is to be modified by reference to the purposes
of the Act, the modification must be precisely identifiable as that which is
necessary to effectuate those purposes and it must be consistent with the
wording otherwise adopted by the draftsman. Section 35 requires a court to
construe an Act, not to rewrite it, in the light of its purposes. [emphasis
added]

Alternatives for a member of a company

31 It may be thought that a shareholder or member is left with little
protection without such a right to the company’s financial information outside
of an AGM. However, our present statutory regime balances the rights and
obligations of a number of different parties, not only those of the
shareholders or members, but also the directors and creditors. Shareholders
have rights exercisable at meetings; they may also invoke common law or
statutory derivative actions where the criteria for doing so are met. A claim
of minority oppression is also often an effective remedy. An unqualified right
to financial information of the company is conceivably a valuable one for
shareholders. On the other side of the scale, such a right would probably
impose additional burdens on the company and its directors. In the absence of
a clear and strong ground, consonant with the statutory regime in place, it
would not be appropriate for the courts to create such a right. Whether or not
the statute should be amended to confer such a right is a matter for the
relevant agency to consider. What may be thought a lacuna may only be in one
aspect, but it may also be balanced out by other shareholder rights. Whether
any change should be made to the present statutory regime is a matter for the
relevant agencies to consider.

32 The Defendant suggested that the appropriate course of action is for the
Plaintiff to seek pre-action discovery; I do not know whether that is a viable
solution, and do not comment further. I also note that shareholders'
agreements may sometimes be a viable second string, though this may not always
be practical, and does not appear to be a solution that can be obtained by
many shareholders.

33 It may be that in some instances, the failure to hold AGMs and provide the
requisite financial information could amount to minority oppression. However,
the present application was not framed in this way, and neither was any
evidence adduced to that end.

Conclusion

34 A novel proposition is not to be rejected because it is novel. But where
statutory rights are invoked a novel reading has to be supported by the clear
words of the provision or, where the language is ambiguous or vague, by
clearly telegraphed purposes.

35 One trusts that while the Defendant has succeeded in defending itself
against this application, it would, in due course, direct its mind and effort
to comply with its obligations to hold general meetings and provide its
financial information.

36 Costs will be fixed if not agreed.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Chew Yee Teck Eric and Li Shunhui Daniel (ECYT Law LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Chew Kei Jin and Tham Lijing (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

