Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF THREE JUDGES of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 87

Originating Summons No 3 of 2015

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed)  
---  
And  
In the matter of Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan, an Advocate and Solicitor of
the Supreme Court of the Republic of Singapore  
  
Between

| LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---|---  
  
… Applicant

And

| THIRUMURTHY AYERNAAR PAMBAYAN  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Grounds of decision

[Legal Profession] — [Professional Conduct] — [Breach]

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pambayan

[2016] SGHC 87

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 3 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Judith Prakash J  
19 April 2016

6 May 2016

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an application brought by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) under s 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the LPA”) for the respondent, Thirumurthy Ayernaar Pamabyan (“the
Respondent”) to be dealt with pursuant to 83(1) of the LPA.

2 The Respondent was admitted to the bar about 15 years ago on 11 October
2000. He practised as a sole proprietor at M/s Murthy & Co. Prior to admission
to the bar, the Respondent was a senior investigation officer with the
Singapore Police Force. He retired in 1997 after 27 years of service and was
the president of the Singapore Police Retirees’ Association.

3 These disciplinary proceedings arose from a complaint by one Chandran s/o
Eruthi Yanathan (“the Complainant), to the Law Society on 7

October 2013. The gravamen of the complaint was that the Respondent, who was
the Complainant’s solicitor at the material time, had requested two loans from
the Complainant in January and June 2012.

4 The Law Society subsequently brought two charges under s 83(2)(b) of the LPA
against the Respondent for having acted in breach of r 33(a) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, r 1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the 2010
Rules”), which mandates that an advocate and solicitor is not to enter into
prohibited borrowing transactions, by obtaining two loans of at least $11,000
in total from the Complainant. We digress to note that the 2010 Rules have
since been replaced by the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015)
(Cap 161, s 706/2015) (“the 2015 Rules”), which came into effect on 18
November 2015, and that, under the 2015 Rules, the rule against prohibited
borrowing transactions is found in r 23(1). The 2010 Rules still apply in
respect of the present case as the acts complained of occurred before the 2015
Rules came into effect.

5 The disciplinary tribunal (“the DT”) was satisfied that there was cause for
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action to be brought against the
Respondent, who admitted to the two charges under s 83 of the LPA, as a breach
of a rule of conduct under the 2010 Rules constitutes improper conduct or
practice unbefitting of an advocate and solicitor.

6 The Respondent explained that he resorted to borrowing from the Complainant,
whom he regarded not only as a client but also a “good friend and close
acquaintance”, because he was in financial difficulties. He was struggling to
repay loans that he had taken from various banks and creditors in order to
finance his two children’s studies in Australia, to pay the mortgage
repayments of his flat, and to manage his law firm. He asked the Complainant
for a loan of $3,000 in January 2012 to pay his creditors and to meet his
office expenses. About half a year later in June 2012, he approached the
Complainant again for a loan of $8,000 in order to repay a sum of $8,184.94
owed to a bank in order to stave off bankruptcy proceedings that the bank had
commenced against him. The evidence suggested that the parties agreed that the
Respondent would pay an additional sum of $5,000 as interest for the second
loan.

7 Although the fact that an errant solicitor, who had borrowed from his
client, has repaid the loan is relevant neither to liability nor as a
mitigating factor, the issue of whether repayment had been made still had to
be determined as the lack of repayment serves as an aggravating factor: Law
Society of Singapore v Yap Bock Heng Christopher [2014] 4 SLR 877
(“Christopher Yap”) at [30]. It was undisputed that the Respondent had repaid
some monies to the Complainant but the parties disagreed on the amount that
had been repaid. According to the Complainant, the Respondent had only repaid
him $8,500. The Respondent, however, asserted that he had repaid $14,000 for
the two loans, save for a sum of $2,000, which should only be seen as the
interest component of the second loan. He explained that he had not repaid the
remaining $2,000 because he had intended to discuss with the Complainant
whether that could be offset from the legal fees that the Complainant still
owed him. The DT did not make any conclusive finding on the amount that had
been repaid. We found the Respondent’s account to be more credible than the
Complainant’s after assessing the evidence that was before us.

8 There is no room for doubt, especially after this court’s judgment in
Christopher Yap, that a breach of r 33 of the 2010 Rules is viewed extremely
seriously by the court. Such behaviour has to be sanctioned because, in most
cases, a client is vulnerable vis-à-vis his solicitor who enjoys a position of
influence over him. A client, who is approached by his solicitor for a loan,
would find it difficult to deny the solicitor’s request because of the trust
and confidence that he has reposed in his solicitor: Christopher Yap at [28].
Further, a solicitor would be in clear breach of his fiduciary duties to the
client in that he has placed his interests ahead of that of the client by
asking for a loan without ensuring that the client first obtains independent
legal advice: Christopher Yap at [29]. One of the key purposes of the
disciplinary process is precisely to uphold the norms of fiduciary conduct:
Law Society of Singapore v Uthayasurian Sidambaram [2009] 4 SLR(R) 674 at [1],
cited in Christopher Yap at [29].

9 It was, however, undisputed that this case had hardly any aggravating
factors than the two precedents cited by the Law Society, Christopher Yap and
Law Society of Singapore v Devadas Naidu [2001] 1 SLR(R) 65 (“Devadas Naidu”).
In both of these cases, a term of suspension of two years was imposed on the
errant solicitors for the prohibited borrowing transaction.

10 The conduct of the Respondent was far less egregious than the solicitor in
Christopher Yap, where the solicitor had requested a loan of the substantial
sum of $34,000 from the client when the client was incarcerated in Indonesia,
thus placing him under tremendous psychological pressure to agree to give the
loan. Further, after obtaining the loan, the solicitor in Christopher Yap
avoided the complainant and the complainant’s sister for an extended period of
time in order to avoid repaying the loan. Thereafter, when the complainant’s
sister attempted to seek the repayment of the loan from the solicitor, the
solicitor not only refused to do so but expressed frustration and threatened
to respond accordingly. He eventually retaliated by demanding for payment of
his legal fees totalling $118,000 and seeking to increase them to $148,000 at
taxation (the fees were eventually taxed down to $20,000). Lastly, unlike the
Respondent who had made substantial repayment, the solicitor in Christopher
Yap had only repaid $700 of the $34,000 loan.

11 Although the conduct of the errant solicitor in Devadas Naidu was not as
egregious as that of the solicitor in Christopher Yap, there were also
significant aggravating factors present in Devadas Naidu that were absent in
the present case. The client in Devadas Naidu, who had gotten on friendly
terms with the solicitor, was not pressurised to make the loan of $28,000 out
of fear or concern that the solicitor would otherwise not act properly for
him, but had done so out of sympathy or “a degree of social awkwardness” (at
[15]). The solicitor’s conduct after he received the loan was, however,
deplorable. He avoided seeing the client, and disregarded and failed to
discharge his responsibility in respect of the divorce matter that he was
representing the client in. The client eventually had to engage a new firm of
solicitors to take over the divorce matter. Further, the client had to
commence legal proceedings against the solicitor in order to obtain repayment
of the loan.

12 In contrast, there was almost no aggravating factor in the present case.
Although this did not alter the fact that the Respondent’s conduct was in
breach of r 33(a) of the 2010 Rules, we noted that the Respondent had
approached the Complainant for a loan because he considered the Complainant to
be a “good friend”. There was no evidence that the Complainant was threatened
or unduly influenced into making the loans. In fact, the evidence suggested
that the Complainant was the one who was in a position of control as evident
from the fact that he felt confident enough to demand a usurious interest of
$5,000 for the second loan. Although there was no evidence to suggest that the
Complainant was a “professional” unlicensed moneylender, the second loan
resembled an unlicensed moneylending transaction. Further, the Respondent did
not avoid the Complainant and continued to act for him after taking the loans.
Indeed, the Complainant continued to engage the respondent as solicitor for
three further matters after the loans had been made. This suggested that the
Complainant was satisfied with the way the Respondent was handling his
matters. This was clearly unlike the situations in Christopher Yap and Devadas
Naidu where the solicitors not only breached r 33(a) but also failed
thereafter to discharge their duties to their clients with due diligence. The
dereliction of a solicitor’s duty to his client is, in our view, a very
serious aggravating factor. Moreover, unlike the solicitors in the two
precedents, the Respondent had substantially repaid the sums even before the
complaint was made. Although the Respondent still owed the Complainant $2,000,
we accepted his submission that this must be considered in the context that he
had been charged $5,000 as interest for the second loan and that he was trying
to discuss with the Complainant whether he could offset this sum of $2,000
from the legal fees that the Complainant still owed him before the complaint
was lodged.

13 Counsel for the Law Society, Mr Melvin Chan (“Mr Chan”), submitted that,
nevertheless, a term of suspension was warranted given that a breach of r
33(a) of the 2010 Rules constituted a serious breach of a solicitor’s
fiduciary duty to his client. Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Chelva Retnam
Rajah SC (“Mr Rajah”), on the other hand, submitted that a fine should suffice
given the lack of aggravating factors in the present case. In support of his
submission, Mr Rajah referred us to a passage from pp 303-304 of Jeffrey
Pinsler, Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and
Solicitor (Academy Publishing, 2007) in which the learned author cited two
cases where fines, and not terms of suspension, were meted out to solicitors
who acted in breach of the rule against prohibited borrowing transactions.
Apart from the very brief summary of the two cases that was set out in the
cited passage, neither counsel was able to provide us with more details about
these cases including the tribunals which imposed the punishment of a fine.
Notwithstanding the lack of information on these two cases, we extrapolated
that they could not have been decisions of this court as it was only by virtue
of an amendment to the LPA effected in 2008 that this court was accorded the
option to impose a fine to bridge the gulf between a censure and suspension
(see [24] of Christopher Yap). The two decisions, which were made in October
2006 and December 1997 respectively, could not thus have been the decisions of
this court as they predated the amendments.

14 In any event, we were in agreement with Mr Chan that a term of suspension
was warranted despite the absence of aggravating factors. It was necessary for
us to send a consistent and strong message to the profession that a breach of
r 33(a) of the 2010 Rules (or what is now r 23(1)(a) under the 2015 Rules) is
viewed seriously by this court, and that a solicitor should under no
circumstances borrow from his client unless any of the exceptions (ie, r 34 of
the 2010 Rules or more pertinently, r 23(2) of the 2015 Rules) applies. Having
said this, we were keenly cognisant that the need for general deterrence had
to be balanced with the particular facts and circumstances of each case. After
having carefully considered the circumstances of the present case – in
particular the lack of aggravating factors (as summarised at [12] above) and
the fact that we believed that the Respondent was genuinely remorseful, we
held that a relatively short term of suspension of two months would, on the
facts of this case, be adequate punishment and yet convey the message that
such misconduct was not tolerated.

15 We awarded the costs of this application to the Law Society, to be taxed if
not agreed. We also granted the Respondent’s request for the term of
suspension to commence on 1 June 2016 to allow him time to settle his existing
matters.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Melvin Chan Kah Keen and Tan Tho Eng (TSMP Law Corporation) for the applicant;
and  
Chelva Retnam Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah)  
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

