Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 27

Criminal Case No 1 of 2012

Public Prosecutor

v

Chum Tat Suan

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Discretion of
court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  
Chum Tat Suan

[2016] SGHC 27

High Court — Criminal Case No 1 of 2012  
Choo Han Teck J  
12 February, 7 March 2016

7 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Chum Tat Suan (“Chum”) was 65 years old when he was convicted before this
court on 5 August 2013 on a charge under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), for importing not less than 94.96g of
diamorphine into Singapore. Prior to 1 January 2013, an offence such as his
carried the mandatory death penalty, pursuant to s 33 of the Act read with the
Second Schedule. After 1 January 2013, convicted persons such as Chum may be
spared the death penalty and be imprisoned for life instead if the conditions
set out in the newly introduced s 33B of the Act are met.

2 The first condition under s 33B is that the trial judge must be satisfied
that the person convicted committed the offence merely as a courier. His
involvement must be restricted to the activities listed in s 33B(2)(a) and
duplicated in s 33B(3)(a) of the Act, namely transporting, sending or
delivering drugs and/or offering to transport, send or deliver drugs and/or
doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
transporting, sending or delivering drugs. The second condition is that the
Public Prosecutor certifies that the person convicted had rendered substantive
assistance to the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) in disrupting drug
trafficking activities within or outside Singapore, or alternatively, that the
person convicted proves that he was suffering from an abnormality of mind that
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his criminal act. The
words in s 33B(1) – (3) of the Act are:

33B.— (1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under
section 5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth
column of the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court —

(a) may, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (2), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life
and, if the person is sentenced to life imprisonment, he shall also be
sentenced to caning of not less than 15 strokes; or

(b) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life.

(2) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(a) are as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraph (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

(a) his involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes
or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence under
section 5(1) or 7.

If any of the conditions in s 33B are not met, the alternative sentencing
option under s 33B is not available and the court is bound to impose the death
penalty pursuant to s 33 read with the Second Schedule of the Act. On the
other hand, as noted by the Court of Appeal in PP v Chum Tat Suan [2015] 1 SLR
834 (“Chum Tat Suan (Criminal References)”) at [3], even if a person convicted
is determined to be merely a courier and the Public Prosecutor also certifies
that the person had rendered substantive assistance to the CNB in disrupting
drug trafficking activities, s 33B(1) gives the court the discretion to decide
if the person convicted should nevertheless still be given the death penalty,
if the court deems the death penalty to be more appropriate than the
alternative sentence of life imprisonment with caning.

3 Section 33B(2) was introduced to provide an incentive for offenders to come
forward with information that allows CNB to reach deeper into the networks of
drug syndicates. See: Muhammad Ridzuan bin Mohd Ali v Attorney-General [2005]
5 SLR 1222 (“Muhammad Ridzuan”) at [46], citing the speech of Mr Teo Chee
Hean, Deputy Prime Minister and then Minister for Home Affairs in Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (14 November 2012) vol 89. According to
the Court of Appeal in Chum Tat Suan (Criminal Reference) (at [2]), s 33B(2)
provides for a “mitigating scheme” for offenders who are less culpable.

4 After I found Chum guilty as charged, the Public Prosecutor referred the
case to the Court of Appeal (see Chum Tat Suan (Criminal Reference) above) on
points of law for its determination. Nothing in the current sentencing
proceedings turned on that hearing except that the case was remitted to me to
determine whether Chum had acted only as a courier. I found that he did (see
PP v Chum Tat Suan [2015] 4 SLR 591), but the Public Prosecutor did not issue
the certificate of substantive assistance. Chum’s counsel, Mr Nandwani, then
applied for psychiatric evidence to be adduced for the purposes of showing
that Chum suffered from an abnormality of mind at the time of the offence.

5 Three days were set down, from 10 February 2016, for the psychiatric
evidence to be adduced. The proceedings were adjourned to 12 February 2016
after DPP Faizal informed me on 10 February 2016 that the Public Prosecutor
had reviewed the case and would be certifying that Chum had rendered
substantive assistance. On 12 February 2016, the Public Prosecutor tendered
the certificate to the court. Mr Nandwani then withdrew his application for
further evidence, and submitted a mitigation plea in writing on behalf of Chum
which asked the court to exercise its discretion and impose a term of life
imprisonment instead of the death penalty given the circumstances of the case.
However, within minutes, Mr Nandwani informed the court that he had been
instructed by Chum to say that Chum “does not wish to be considered” for the
sentence of life imprisonment.

6 The court has to take into account all the relevant circumstances before it
exercises its discretion in meting out the appropriate punishment. Although in
the usual case, the submission on behalf of the person convicted is a plea for
the sentence of life imprisonment in lieu of the death penalty, the
considerations that I have to take into account in this reverse situation are
largely the same as those in the mitigating plea. But that assumes that life
imprisonment is the lesser punishment.

7 Is death indeed the “ultimate penalty” in the sense that there is nothing
worse than death? To Chum, who is 68 years old, the alternative punishment of
life imprisonment may seem like a fate worse than death for he may not see the
world as a free man until he is at least in his 80s, and even then what might
he do if he has no friend or family? How will a jobless man of that age be
able to look after himself? Chum may be troubled by such thoughts when he
declined the court’s consideration of life imprisonment.

8 We cannot assume that everyone will always prefer life to death even though
death is not a horror to be dreaded for it has no sting for the dead. It is
the anticipation of death that torments, and for some, like Chum, the prospect
of a long, boring and purposeless life may justifiably be more terrifying than
death itself. But he is not in a position here to make a personal choice. He
is here to be sentenced and it is not the function of this court to oblige a
prisoner his death wish. The court’s duty is to determine, on the facts and
circumstances of the case, whether the appropriate punishment ought to be life
imprisonment or death. It is my duty is to ensure that the appropriate
sentence is to be imposed on principles and in a manner consistent with the
law, and not to evaluate the individual offender’s choice of punishment. The
discretion belongs to the court, not to the offender.

9 DPP Faizal did not argue for the death penalty to be imposed, presumably
because the Public Prosecutor would have declined to issue the certificate of
substantive assistance if he were pressing for the death penalty. I pause here
to observe that the Public Prosecutor may be duty bound to certify that a
person convicted had rendered substantive assistance if the facts so justify.
That certificate may not be a matter for the Public Prosecutor to grant or
withhold at will. Although s 33B(4) of the Act provides that the determination
of whether or not a person has substantively assisted the CNB in disrupting
drug trafficking activities is within the sole discretion of the Public
Prosecutor, the Public Prosecutor’s determination can be challenged on the
basis of unconstitutionality, or if it was made in bad faith or with malice:
Muhammad Ridzuan at [34] – [35]. The Court of Appeal in Muhammad Ridzuan was
further of the view (at [71]) that “bad faith” within the meaning of s 33B(4)
should be understood to refer to the “knowing use of a discretionary power for
extraneous purposes (ie, for purposes other than those for which the decision
maker was granted the power)”. The Public Prosecutor would have exercised his
discretionary power for an “extraneous purpose” if, for instance, he is
satisfied that a convicted person had substantively assisted the CNB in
disrupting drug trafficking activities, but deliberately withheld the issuance
of the certificate because he feels that the person nonetheless deserves to be
sentenced to death and so wants to prevent the court from exercising its
discretion under s 33B of the Act to impose a sentence of life imprisonment in
lieu of the death penalty. In such a situation, if the Public Prosecutor is of
the view that the death penalty is the more appropriate punishment for the
person convicted, the proper course will be for him to issue the certificate,
but to make the relevant submissions to convince the court to exercise its
discretion under s 33B to still impose the death penalty. This issue, does
not, however, arise in the present case. I make these observations so as to
present a clearer context of the change in the law.

10 The position of Mr Nandwani is a little more awkward. He had barely
submitted his plea for life imprisonment instead of death for Chum when his
client countermanded his submission.

11 The drug involved in the present case was a hard drug – diamorphine. The
quantity imported was 94.96g. This is not a small amount. It is in fact
several times higher than the 15g required to invoke the death penalty.
However, there has been several cases where the court had felt that the
overall circumstances nonetheless merit the imposition of a sentence of life
imprisonment in lieu of the death penalty under s 33B, even though the
quantities of diamorphine imported were similarly several times above the 15g
threshold (see, e.g. PP v Purushothaman a/l Subramaniam [2014] SGHC 231; PP v
Abdul Haleem bin Abdul Karim and another [2013] 3 SLR 734).

12 Chum has a history of criminal offences. However, the last conviction and
drug rehabilitation order that were recorded against him were in 1984 and 1996
respectively, and the DPP conceded that they were not related to the present
offence.

13 There are no particular factors in the present case which may justify the
imposition of the death penalty notwithstanding that the conditions set out in
s 33B are satisfied. There are not much more than the simple facts of Chum’s
transporting the drugs in question, the details of which have been set out in
my judgment of 5 August 2013 (PP v Chum Tat Suan [2013] SGHC 150). I have
reviewed the cases where the court had exercised its discretion under s 33B to
impose the sentence of life imprisonment on the persons convicted, and do not
think that the present case is materially different from those cases on fact
and circumstances. I am of the view that if I should impose the death penalty
on the facts and circumstances of this case, there will be very few cases that
might merit a life imprisonment. Chum was merely a courier and had rendered
substantive assistance to the CNB. There are no compelling reasons to impose
the death penalty on him. From the point of view of the law, the death penalty
is the ultimate punishment because there is no way back. It closes the door to
exoneration in the event of subsequent exculpatory evidence or events.

14 For the above reasons, I exercise my discretion under s 33B of the Act to
impose a sentence of life imprisonment instead of the death penalty on Chum.
Chum is not liable to be caned because of his age. The sentence of
imprisonment shall take effect from 16 January 2010, the day he was first
remanded.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Mohamed Faizal and Chan Yi Cheng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
prosecution.  
Nandwani Manoj Prakash and Liew Hwee Tong Eric (Gabriel Law Corporation) for
the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

