Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 169

Criminal Case No 19 of 2014

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Lim Choon Beng  
---|---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Lim Choon Beng

  

[2016] SGHC 169

  

High Court — Criminal Case No 19 of 2014  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
3, 4, 6; 10 May 2016

22 September 2016

Foo Chee Hock JC:

Introduction

1 In the wee hours of the morning on 9 February 2013, the accused, Lim Choon
Beng, raped and sexually assaulted the victim successively at three locations
(first to third locations) along public roads. There were a total of eight
charges before the court (marked as “C1” – “C8”). Of these, the accused
pleaded guilty to and was convicted on C2, C3, C6 and C7. He admitted to the
offences in, and consented to having, C1, C4, C5 and C8 taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

2 The four charges proceeded with comprised:

(a) one count of aggravated outrage of modesty (at the first location) under s
354A(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) (C2);

(b) two counts of rape (at the second and third locations) under s 375(1)(a)
and punishable under s 375(2) of the PC (C3 and C6 respectively); and

(c) one count of penile-oral penetration without the victim’s consent (at the
third location) under s 376(1)(a) and punishable under s 376(3) of the PC
(C7).

3 For convenience of reference, the eight detailed charges were as follows:

That you, LIM CHOON BENG,

[At the first location]

[C1]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.15 a.m., along Martin Road, in
front of the ‘Watermark' condominium located at No. 1 Rodyk Street, did commit
rape of one [xxx] (Date of Birth: [xxx]), to wit, you penetrated the vagina of
the said [xxx] with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 375(1)(a) and punishable under Section
375(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).[At the first location]  
---|---  
[C2]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.15 a.m., along Martin Road, in
front of the ‘Watermark’ condominium located at No. 1 Rodyk Street, did use
criminal force to one [xxx] (Date of Birth: [xxx]), intending to outrage her
modesty, to wit, by grabbing and kissing her left breast, and in order to
facilitate the commission of this offence, you voluntarily caused wrongful
restraint to the said [xxx] by sitting on her body, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under Section 354A(1) of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).[At the second location]  
[C3]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.25 a.m., along Martin Road, in
front of No. 100 Robertson Quay, did commit rape of one [xxx] (Date of Birth:
[xxx]), to wit, you penetrated the vagina of the said [xxx] with your penis
without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
375(1)(a) and punishable under Section 375(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224
(2008 Rev. Ed.).[At the second location]  
[C4]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.25 a.m., along Martin Road, in
front of No. 100 Robertson Quay, did sexually penetrate the vagina of one
[xxx] (Date of Birth: [xxx]) with your finger without her consent, and you
have thereby committed an offence under Section 376(2)(a) and punishable under
Section 376(3) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).[At the second
location]  
[C5]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.25 a.m., along Martin Road, in
front of No. 100 Robertson Quay, did penetrate the mouth of one [xxx] (Date of
Birth: [xxx]) with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence under Section 376(1)(a) and punishable under Section
376(3) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).[At the third location]  
[C6]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.35 a.m., along River Valley Close,
near lamp post no. 16, did commit rape of one [xxx] (Date of Birth: [xxx]), to
wit, you penetrated the vagina of the said [xxx] with your penis without her
consent, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 375(1)(a) and
punishable under Section 375(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev.
Ed.).[At the third location]  
[C7]| on 9 February 2013, sometime around 3.35 a.m., along River Valley Close,
near lamp post no. 16, did penetrate the mouth of one [xxx] (Date of Birth:
[xxx]) with your penis without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under Section 376(1)(a) and punishable under Section 376(3) of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224 (2008 Rev. Ed.).  
[C8]| on 13 February 2013, at or about 3.10 p.m., at Blk 664 Jurong West
Street 64 #15-260, Singapore, did have in your possession one ‘Acer Aspire’
laptop containing thirteen (13) films which are obscene, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under Section 30(1) of the Films Act, Chapter
107 (1998 Rev. Ed).  
  
Facts

4 The victim is a Chinese national. At the time of the offence, she was
approaching 25 years of age, and she had been working in Singapore for about
five months 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, p 1, last para; Victim Impact Statement, para 2.

as a performing artiste. Her place of residence was a rented unit in an
apartment block along River Valley Close.

5 At about 3.00am on 9 February 2013, the victim was walking home from
Havelock Road by herself. To get home, she would have to cross a bridge at
Saiboo Street, walk along Martin Road and turn onto River Valley Close. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Facts, para 6.

Around this time, the accused was also near Saiboo Street. He had been
drinking at a bar at the (now-defunct) Gallery Hotel, 76 Robertson Quay. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Facts, para 7.

Facts pertaining to C2

6 When the victim was walking along Martin Road (having crossed the bridge at
Saiboo Street), she noticed the accused crossing the road. The accused had
been part of a group walking along the opposite side of Martin Road. The
victim, perceiving that the accused was approaching her, slowed her pace so
that he could walk ahead of her. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Facts, para 8.

It was after this that the accused engaged the victim.

7 The facts relating to C2 (the aggravated outrage of modesty charge) as set
out in the Statement of Facts read:

9\. After walking in front of the victim for a short distance, the accused
suddenly turned around and spoke to the victim in English. The victim replied
that she did not understand English. The accused then asked the victim in
Mandarin if she was a Chinese National and whether she liked American men. The
victim did not reply and quickened her pace.

10\. As she was walking away, the victim suddenly felt the accused grab her
buttocks. In response, she pushed him away and asked what he was doing. At
this point, the accused grabbed her hand and shouted at the victim. The victim
flung off his hand and continued walking at a faster pace.

11\. The accused lifted the victim’s skirt and the victim turned around. The
victim became frightened and shouted again.

12\. Shortly after this, the accused grabbed her shoulders and pushed her
backward. As a result, the victim fell backwards. This was at a grass patch
near some plants in front of the ‘Watermark’ condominium located at No. 1
Rodyk Street at around 3.15 a.m.

13\. The accused quickly sat on her lower body and pulled at the collar of her
dress. The victim struggled to break free, at the same time shouting for help.
As the accused continued pulling at her dress, the zipper at the back of the
dress gave way. The collar of her dress fell and her bra became exposed to the
accused.

14\. As the victim was still struggling, the accused fiercely told her not to
force him to hit her. The accused then pulled down her bra and grabbed her
left breast. He kissed her left breast as he restrained her by sitting on top
of her.

15\. As the victim begged the accused to let her go and shouted for help, the
accused covered the victim’s mouth. He then pulled up the victim’s dress,
revealing her panties. The accused pulled the victim’s panties downwards
whilst the victim resisted by pulling it upwards, tearing the panties. The
victim told the accused that she was having her menses and begged him to let
her off. The accused paid no heed and pulled off her panties.

Facts pertaining to C3

8 The facts relating to C3 (the first rape charge proceeded with) read:

17\. The accused only got off the victim when he saw some cars passing by. The
victim tried to retrieve her panties which the accused had removed, in order
to put them back on. However, the accused snatched her panties and flung them
even further away, towards a patch of vegetation in front of “Watermark”
condominium. He then stood up, pulled the victim by her arm and asked her to
follow him home.

18\. The accused then pulled the victim across Rodyk Street, to the raised
platform area in front of ‘Robertson 100’ condominium located at No. 100
Robertson Quay. This was at about 3.25 a.m. The accused then grabbed the
victim’s neck with one hand and hit her head against the wall. Following this,
the accused then pinned the victim onto the ground. As a result of this, the
victim felt dizzy.

19\. The victim begged the accused to let her go. However, the accused
threatened her by warning her not to shout and not to do things which would
force him to beat her. The victim was frightened. The accused removed his
pants and tried to penetrate her vagina with his penis. The victim touched her
vagina with her finger and showed her bloodied finger to the accused, telling
him that she was having her menses and to let her go. However, the accused
replied that “this was how he liked it”.

20\. The accused penetrated the victim’s vagina with his penis. The victim
shouted for help and continued to beg him to let her go. The accused thrust
his penis in and out of the victim’s vagina and she felt pain.

21\. After some time, the accused withdrew his penis, stood up and put on his
trousers. The victim quickly sat up and removed both her high heels in order
to allow her to run away with ease. Having removed her heels, she jumped from
the platform over a plot of plants onto Martin Road. She was prepared to run,
however the accused appeared behind her, pulled her hand and said he wanted to
bring her home.

22\. The victim felt afraid that the accused would bring her to a dark
location. The victim then grabbed the accused’s wrist and lied to him that
they could go to her home instead. The victim’s intention was to lead the
accused to her apartment where she could seek help from her security guard.

Facts pertaining to C6 and C7

9 The facts relating to C6 (the second rape charge) and C7 (the penile-oral
penetration charge) read:

25\. After the accused and victim left No. 100 Robertson Quay, they walked
along Martin Road. When they reached a grass patch along River Valley Close,
near lamp post 16 at around 3.35 a.m., the accused suddenly pinned the victim
to the ground and asked her to perform oral sex on him. He then proceeded to
forcefully insert his penis into her mouth.

26\. The victim felt the accused’s penis become erect as he thrust his penis a
few times in her mouth. After some time, the accused inserted his penis into
her vagina. The victim continued crying loudly, in the hope that someone would
come and rescue her. She begged him to let her go to no avail.

27\. As the accused continued the forced intercourse with her, a taxi stopped
near them, and the accused quickly stopped what he was doing.

The aftermath

10 As the accused stood up to wear his pants, the victim escaped. After
running some distance, she stopped a car and asked the female driver to send
her to the police. As the driver could not locate the police station, the
victim phoned a friend and informed that friend that she had been raped. Her
friend called the police and advised the victim to return to the area of River
Valley Close. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Facts, para 30.

As the driver was unable to find her way back, the victim alighted from the
car and took a taxi back to the area, with the driver’s car following behind.
Upon reaching River Valley Close, the victim found police officers together
with the accused. There, the victim identified the accused to the police as
the person who had raped her. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Facts, para 31.

11 An analysis of the damage and the soil on the apparel worn by the accused
and victim revealed the following findings: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Statement of Facts, para 32(a)–32(e), Tab B–Tab D.

a. The victim’s pair of panties was found strewn amongst vegetation at the
first location. There was a zig-zag shaped tear measuring 23.5 cm at the back
central region of the panties, spanning across the width of the panties;

b. The slider of the zipper at the back of the victim’s dress was found to be
dislodged from the right side, with two teeth missing from the right side at
14 mm from the top;

c. Soil was found on several areas of the Victim’s dress and a few areas on
her shawl;

d. Soil-like stains were found on the lower half of the Accused’s sleeves and
front right region of his shirt; and

e. Soil-like stains were found on the front right and left knee regions of the
Accused’s jeans.

12 The DNA analysis on the apparel worn by the accused and victim revealed the
following findings: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Facts, para 33(a)–33(c), Tab E.

a. The Accused’s DNA was found on the inside of the victim’s left bra cup;

b. The victim’s blood was found on the interior of the Accused’s underwear,
the interior of his pants and the interior bottom front of his shirt; and

c. The Accused’s DNA was found on the victim’s high heel shoe.

13 The accused admitted to the Statement of Facts without qualification. I
found him guilty and convicted him of the proceeded charges (ie, C2, C3, C6
and C7) accordingly. I now turn to the issue of sentence.

The submissions on sentence

Prosecution’s submissions on sentence

14 The Prosecution submitted that a global sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane was appropriate in this case. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PP’s WS, paras 6, 36 and 40; Transcript, Day 3, p 7:21–7:23.

In particular:

(a) C2 (the aggravated outrage of modesty charge) should carry two to three
years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane;

(b) each of the two rape charges (C3 and C6) should carry 12–13 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (although it should carry at least 14
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane had it stood alone); 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PP’s WS, paras 31 and 39; Transcript, Day 3, p 6:18–6:21.

and

(c) C7 (the penile-oral penetration charge) should carry five to six years’
imprisonment and five strokes of the cane (although it should carry at least
seven to 11 years’ imprisonment and five to six strokes of the cane had it
stood alone). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PP’s WS, paras 32, 35 and 39; Transcript, Day 3, p 4:24–4:28.

15 In particular, the Prosecution submitted that the rapes were aggravated by
four factors. There had been repeated rapes and sexual assaults 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PP’s WS, paras 7(b) and 11–13; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:18–5:23 and
19:10–19:11.

along public roads 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PP’s WS, paras 7(c) and 14–16; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:23–5:30 and
19:11–19:12.

by a total stranger, 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PP’s WS, paras 7(a) and 9–10; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:12–5:18 and 19:12.

leaving a prolonged impact on the victim. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PP’s WS, paras 17–19; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:30–6:9.

In addition, it was submitted that the guilty plea, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PP’s WS, paras 21–24.

the lack of serious physical injuries, 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PP’s WS, paras 25–28.

and the intoxicated state of the accused had no mitigating value. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PP’s WS, paras 29–30; Transcript, Day 3, pp 15:9–16:15.

16 While the Prosecution accepted that the total sentence would “have to be
tempered by the totality principle”, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PP’s WS, para 6.

it was submitted that the imprisonment terms for either one of the rape
charges and the penile-oral penetration charge should run consecutively, to
reflect the “enhanced culpability of the Accused”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PP’s WS, paras 37–38; Transcript, Day 3, pp 6:23–7:2.

The mitigation plea

17 The Defence submitted that a total sentence of 13–15 years’ imprisonment
with caning was appropriate in this case. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Mitigation, paras 4 and 53–55.

In particular:

(a) C2 (the aggravated outrage of modesty charge) should carry two to three
years’ imprisonment and less than six strokes of the cane; 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Mitigation, para 49; Transcript, Day 4, p 3:21–3:23.

(b) each of the two rape charges (C3 and C6) should carry 11–12 years’
imprisonment and less than 12 strokes of the cane; 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Mitigation, para 42; Transcript, Day 4, p 3:18–3:19.

and

(c) C7 (the penile-oral penetration charge) should carry five to six years’
imprisonment and less than six strokes of the cane. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Mitigation, para 44; Transcript, Day 4, p 3:19–3:21.

18 The Defence highlighted the accused’s personal circumstances and submitted
that several considerations were mitigating or at least neutral. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Mitigation, paras 14 and 30.

The accused had been intoxicated and could not recall the offences, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Mitigation, paras 15–20. See also Report of Dr Lim Yun Chin dated 28 October
2015, at Mitigation, Tab 3, p 3, “Opinion”.

and he had shown true contrition and saved resources by pleading guilty before
the victim was cross-examined. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Mitigation, paras 21–24.

There was also no evidence of injury, sexually transmitted disease, pregnancy,
sexual perversity, stupefying drugs or weapons, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Mitigation, paras 25–26 and 30.

no attempt to evade arrest or fabricate alternative versions of events, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Mitigation, paras 27–28.

and no premeditation. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Mitigation, para 29.

19 The Defence argued that only the imprisonment terms for one rape charge (in
particular C3) and the aggravated outrage of modesty charge should run
consecutively as that would “satisfy the need for deterrence and retribution”
and “reflect the severity” of the accused’s conduct. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Mitigation, paras 4 and 50-53; Transcript, Day 3, p 13:3-13:29.

This was because the offences arose from a single incident lasting 20 minutes
and involved only one victim.

Relevant sentencing factors

20 I will examine the relevant sentencing factors before discussing my
decision on the sentences for the individual offences and the global sentence.
While the arguments and findings on these factors were mostly made in the
context of the rape offences, they applied where relevant to the other
offences as well.

Repeated rapes and sexual assaults

21 The Prosecution submitted that the rapes were aggravated by virtue of the
fact that there were repeated rapes in the course of a single attack or
incident. This engaged the issue of the applicable category of benchmark
sentences.

22 V K Rajah J in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“PP v NF”)
established four categories of rape and their corresponding sentencing
benchmarks as follows:

(a) Category 1 rapes involved rapes “without mitigating or aggravating
factors”, and the starting point was ten years’ imprisonment and not less than
six strokes of the cane (PP v NF at [24]).

(b) Category 2 rapes involved at least one of the factors enunciated in R v
William Christopher Millberry [2003] 2 Cr App R (S) 31 (“Millberry”) (PP v NF
at [20] and [36]), namely where:

(i) there were multiple offenders acting together;

(ii) the offender was in a “position of responsibility” towards the victim or
was someone whom the victim trusted “by virtue of his office of employment”;

(iii) the offender abducted the victim or held the victim captive;

(iv) the offender knowingly suffered from a life-threatening sexually
transmissible disease (whether or not he had informed the victim, and whether
the disease was actually transmitted);

(v) the victim was a child or a vulnerable person by virtue of “physical
frailty, mental impairment or disorder or learning disability”;

(vi) the victim was targeted because of race or “membership of a vulnerable
minority”; or

(vii) there was “[r]epeated rape in the course of one attack” [emphasis
added].

In such cases, the starting point would be 15 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane.

(c) Category 3 rapes involved “repeated rape of the same victim or of multiple
victims”. In most cases, the Prosecution would have proceeded with multiple
charges and the sentencing judge may discretionarily “order more than one
sentence to run consecutively in order to reflect the magnitude of the
offender’s culpability. As such, there is no overriding need for judges to
commence sentencing at a higher benchmark than that applied to category 2
rapes” (PP v NF at [37]).

(d) Category 4 rapes involved “offenders who have demonstrated that they will
remain a threat to society for an indefinite period of time”. In sentencing
such offenders, “it would not be inappropriate” to pass the maximum sentence
of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, if the circumstances so
dictated (PP v NF at [38]).

23 The Prosecution submitted that the rapes in this case should be
characterised as Category 2 rapes on the basis that there were repeated rapes
in the course of one attack, in the sense that the accused had “committed a
series of repeated rapes and sexual assaults on the Victim at three different
locations over a period of time” and each time “shattered her hopes” that “the
traumatising experience had ended” by “bringing her to a different location
and repeating the sexual violence” and, in so doing, had “vicious and
relentless trauma inflicted upon the Victim”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PP’s WS, paras 11–13; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:18–5:23 and 19:10–19:11.

The Defence submitted that the rapes fell between Category 1 and Category 2
and was closer to the former, on the basis that Category 2 rapes usually
involved vulnerable victims and that the present situation was less serious
than that in Public Prosecutor v Haliffie Bin Mamat [2015] SGHC 224
(“Haliffie”) where the accused was sentenced on the basis of a Category 1 rape
despite having premeditated the offence, being “in full control over himself”
and having subjected the victim to cross-examination and a full trial. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Mitigation, paras 31–42 (especially at paras 32–35 and 40–41); Transcript, Day
3, p 12:10–12:11, Day 4, p 3:16–3:18.

Also, the Defence highlighted that each of the rapes corresponded to its own
charge. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 12:2–12:9.

24 I took the view that the starting point for the rape in each charge was
closer to the benchmark for Category 1 rapes than Category 2 rapes.

25 First, the four categories of rape were judicially created and their
boundaries were therefore porous rather than rigid. The exercise in
categorising each rape offence was simply an attempt to characterise the rape
in order to arrive at a starting point which should then be adjusted to
reflect the individual circumstances of a case. As Rajah J observed in PP v NF
at [43], benchmark sentences were meant to provide stability and
predictability in sentencing, but “should never be applied mechanically,
without a proper and assiduous examination and understanding of the factual
matrix of the case”.

26 Second, the factual matrix here was delicate in the sense that this was a
case having the flavour of both a single transaction and multiple distinct
transactions. On one hand, the entire ordeal lasted about 20 minutes and at
all times the victim not only never left the accused’s physical proximity but
was also physically at the accused’s mercy when moving from the first location
to the second. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Mitigation, para 3.

On the other hand, based on the charges proceeded with, there were two rapes
in two different locations at two different times (or speaking more generally,
four distinct sexual offences in three different locations at four different
times), and the accused forced himself on the victim again despite having had
a clear opportunity to desist when he moved from one location to the next.

27 Third, the Prosecution proceeded with two rape charges in respect of this
incident. In the case of multiple rapes, the Prosecution could either bring a
single charge for the entire transaction and say that it was aggravated by
virtue of multiple rapes, or bring multiple charges with one charge for each
rape. This was their prerogative. However, when multiple charges were brought,
it did not automatically follow that each charge (for which sentence was to be
passed) was elevated to Category 2 rape. My conclusion that the benchmark
sentence for Category 2 rapes was more applicable to “single charge”
situations embraced the following underlying observations:

(a) In dealing with Category 3 rapes which addressed situations of “repeated
rape of the same victim or of multiple victims” (PP v NF at [37]), Rajah J did
not lay down a numerical sentencing benchmark but stated that the Prosecution
would in most instances “proceed with multiple charges against the accused”
and the Judge could discretionarily order at least two sentences to run
consecutively to reflect the offender’s culpability. This suggested that the
reference to “repeated rape” in Category 2 rapes was to multiple rapes which
formed the subject of a single charge for which the sentence had to be
enhanced.

(b) The present case may be contrasted with Public Prosecutor v Shamsul bin
Sa’at [2010] 3 SLR 900, where Chan Seng Onn J held that the accused had
“clearly” committed a Category 2 rape on the basis of “the repeated sexual
assaults”. The accused had been charged for only one count of aggravated rape
under s 375(3)(a)(i) of the PC, but this was “not for want of trying”;
crucially, the evidence showed that the accused “had repeatedly tried to rape
the Victim, but had failed only because he was unable to sustain an erection”
(at [19]). In contrast, the Prosecution here proceeded with two distinct
charges of rape against the present accused, arising out of the entire
incident.

28 Ultimately, I thought that the fact of repeated rapes (and other sexual
assaults) here did not compel the conclusion that each rape offence in C3 and
C6 should be treated as Category 2 rape. In any event, I did not consider the
categorisation to be the final word as to the sentence to be imposed. Instead,
it was necessary to have regard to the nuances in the factual matrix in
deciding the individual sentence for the rape charges while also being mindful
of the total sentence for the entire transaction.

Offences committed in public

29 The Prosecution, relying on Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed
Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 (“Liton”), submitted that it was an
aggravating factor that the rapes occurred in a public place, and that the
“audacity of the Accused in the present case outweighs that of” the accused in
Public Prosecutor v Chang Kar Meng [2015] SGHC 165 (“Chang Kar Meng”)
considering that the rapes (and sexual assaults) occurred across different
locations. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PP’s WS, para 14–16; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:23–5:30 and 19:11–19:27.

30 In my view, the occurrence of the rapes in a public place was clearly an
aggravating factor on the present facts. The idea that one could walk safely
on the public roads of Singapore at any time was shattered by the impulsive
and shocking acts of the accused. The accused raped the victim in an
“outrageous manner” by attacking her not only “in open areas along public
roads, where there were passing cars”, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PP’s WS, para 15.

but also in the vicinity of her residence. An eyewitness saw the accused on
top of the victim and called the police. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Facts, para 23.

When the accused realised that there were cars passing by the first location,
he proceeded to a different (but still public) location to continue his sexual
attacks. This case was similar to Chang Kar Meng, where the accused attacked
the victim at the void deck of the block of flats in which she was living. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

See paras 3 and 8 of Statement of Facts in Chang Kar Meng at [5].

I agreed with the Prosecution that the accused “rattled the sense of security
which residents in Singapore have always enjoyed”, and triggered “wider unease
among the majority of residents in Singapore, and leave them unsure as to
whether they can walk home safely at night”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PP’s WS, para 16.

31 Hence, as I stated in open Court, the predominant sentencing consideration
here must be deterrence, both general and specific deterrence. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript, Day 4, pg 6:7 – pg 6:9.

Rape (or sexual assault) by stranger

32 The Prosecution, relying on Chang Kar Meng, submitted that the fact that
this was a “stranger rape” case justified a high sentence. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

PP’s WS, para 9–10; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:12–5:18 and 19:12.

However, this factor was not expressly referred to either in the Prosecution’s
submissions or the reasons of the Court in Chang Kar Meng as an aggravating
factor. Chang Kar Meng was therefore unhelpful to the Prosecution.

33 Regarding the factor of stranger rape per se, I was of the view that on the
facts of this case, after evaluating the Prosecution’s submissions, this
factor was neutral, in the sense that it was not aggravating or mitigating but
should be assessed as part of the factual matrix for the purpose of
sentencing.

34 I am not saying that the fact of stranger rape can never be aggravating. In
Liton at [99]–[116], the Court of Appeal set out the approach taken by case
law, which was to examine the prior relationship between the offender and
victim and what effect this should have on the sentence. In short, “the effect
of any prior relationship between the parties will depend on all the
circumstances of the case” (Liton at [116]).

35 On one view, it may be argued that the Category 1 rape benchmark sentence
had already taken the fact of “stranger rape” into account, with the next step
being to consider any offender-victim relationship to decide if another
category was more applicable. Hence, and as an example, one of the Millberry
factors (which would situate the rape in Category 2) was the fact that the
offender was in a “position of responsibility” towards the victim or was
someone whom the victim trusted “by virtue of his office of employment”.

36 In the absence of full arguments on this issue, I would venture to suggest,
following the logic in Liton, that there was similarly no default rule to be
applied to “stranger rape” but that its effect would also be dependent on the
particular facts of the case.

Impact on victim

37 The Prosecution submitted that the psychological impact of the sexual
offences on the victim was an aggravating factor (PP v NF at [46]–[54]); 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PP’s WS, paras 17 and 19.

similarly, that the financial harm suffered by the victim was also an
aggravating factor. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

PP’s WS, para 19; Transcript, Day 3, pp 5:30–6:9.

While the Defence submitted that there was no evidence of physical injury,
pregnancy, sexually transmitted disease, sexual perversity, stupefying drugs
or weapons, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Mitigation, paras 25–26 and 30; Transcript, Day 3, p 11:27–11:28.

the Prosecution’s response was that these facts were not mitigating. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PP’s WS, paras 25–28.

In my view, the overall impact of the offences on the victim was to be treated
as an aggravating factor.

38 The victim was seen at the Institute of Mental Health on 19 March 2013 for
a psychiatric assessment 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, p 1.

; she also recorded a Victim Impact Statement with the police in the course of
the present proceedings. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

The Victim Impact Statement was concluded on 4 May 2016 at 4.03pm. The
afternoon hearing in open court (on 4 May 2016) took place from 3.42pm to
4.12pm (Transcript, Day 2, pp 1 and 13).

The contents of the psychiatric report and the statement were not challenged
by the Defence. When considering these documents, I bore in mind that the
psychiatric report was an almost contemporaneous professional opinion while
the Victim Impact Statement had the advantage of being a more recent
reflection of the victim’s condition. In sum, I gathered that the victim
suffered a wide spectrum of harm, but had been able to revert to a life with
some elements of normalcy. The pertinent facts and my views were as follows:

(a) I rejected the Defence’s submission regarding the absence of signs of
physical violence or injuries for the following reasons given by the
Prosecution. First, the very act of rape embodied extreme violence and the
lack of other physical injuries was merely a neutral factor (Public Prosecutor
v AOM [2011] 2 SLR 1057 at [37]). 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

PP’s WS, para 25.

Second, in the Statement of Facts the accused admitted to having caused the
victim dizziness by grabbing her neck with one hand, hitting her head against
the wall, and thereafter pinning her to the ground. Her torn panties and
damaged dress zipper 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

PP’s WS, para 26.

were also indications of physical violence. Third, the victim did not suffer
from external injuries because she stopped struggling after the accused
threatened her with bodily harm. At the first location, when the accused tried
to pull down the victim’s bra to grab and kiss her left breast, the victim
resisted and struggled but the accused then “fiercely told her not to force
him to hit her”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Statement of Facts, para 14. See also PP’s WS, para 26(d); Transcript, Day 3,
p 18:13–18:20 and 18:23–18:26.

At the second location, before raping the victim, the accused warned her again
“not to shout and not to do things which would force him to beat her”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Statement of Facts, para 19. See also PP’s WS, para 26(e) ; Transcript, Day 3,
p 18:13–18:16 and 18:20–18:26.

Fourth, the accused, by having unprotected sex with the victim, also exposed
her to at least the risk of sexually transmitted diseases. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

PP’s WS, para 27.

In this regard, I was not minded to hold the victim’s refusal of HIV
prophylaxis 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Mitigation, para 30.

against her.

At this juncture, I should mention that I could not agree with the Defence’s
submission that there was a lack of sexual perversity; the accused not only
raped her but forcefully inserted his penis into her mouth (see C7).

(b) In terms of psychological harm, the victim’s mood remained low for at
least a year 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Victim Impact Statement, paras 4 and 6.

and she had recurring nightmares and had not been sleeping well. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Her Account of the Incident”; Victim Impact
Statement, para 3. See also PP’s WS, para 18.

She constantly thought about the incident, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Her Account of the Incident”.

became afraid to face or share confined spaces with male strangers alone, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Victim Impact Statement, paras 3 and 5.

felt anxious when travelling through the scene of the crime, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Her Account of the Incident”.

and felt paranoid when walking alone on the street, especially at night. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 9. See also PP’s WS, para 19(b).

She would feel down when others talked about sexual attacks, as she would
think that they were talking about her. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 5. See also PP’s WS, para 19(c).

Essentially, she had “some adjustment reaction to the unpleasant experience”.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Opinion”.

However, she was assessed to be “spontaneous, relevant and rational in her
speech”, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Medical State Examination”.

and showed no “psychotic manifestations”, “cognitive impairment” or definite
signs of post-traumatic stress disorder. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Opinion”.

She could resume a more normal life with the support of her peers. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Her Account of the Incident”.

(c) In terms of harm in the financial and temporal sense, the victim was
unable to carry on work as a club singer as she became afraid to face male
strangers. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of Facts, Tab F, “Background History”; Victim Impact Statement, para
3. See also PP’s WS, para 19(a).

She was compelled to return to China, but not before spending an additional
two years in Singapore on a Special Pass, during which she was not allowed to
work. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 7. See also PP’s WS, paras 19(a) and (d).

To sustain herself in Singapore, she had used up her savings of about
RMB500,000 and had to ask her parents for more money. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 7. See also PP’s WS, para 19(d).

(d) In terms of harm to the victim impacting her social life, she was no
longer able to enjoy Chinese New Year because it was around this time that the
attacks happened and she would be reminded of the incident. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 6. See also PP’s WS, para 19(c).

She felt that she had remained single because of this case, whereas most of
her friends had already married. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 7.

Intoxication and alcohol-induced amnesia

39 I turn to the issue of intoxication. The Defence submitted that the accused
was “clearly intoxicated & inebriated at the material time” and could not
recall having committed the offences. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Mitigation, paras 13 and 15–20; Transcript, Day 3, p 9:25–9:32.

The accused, in fact, had been suffering from alcohol abuse and there had been
many times where he could not remember how he got to where he was after
drinking. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Mitigation, paras 11–13.

This was the result of alcoholic amnesia, a condition which caused the brain
to be unable to create memories for what transpired despite the fact that the
person voluntarily engaged in his conduct. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Mitigation, para 16; Transcript, Day 3, pp 9:14-10:25. See also Report of Dr
Lim Yun Chin dated 28 October 2015, at Mitigation, Tab 3, p 3, “Opinion”.

40 There were two aspects to this issue: first, its general effect as a
sentencing factor; and second, its effect in proving the accused’s remorse
even though he had initially claimed trial.

41 In Wong Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115, the Court held at
[44] and [49] that self-induced intoxication was in fact an aggravating factor
since it could “cause a victim to experience increased fear and alarm”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PP’s WS, para 29; Transcript, Day 3, pp 15:9–16:15.

44 … No intoxicated individual must be given the licence to roam public
streets at night spoiling for trouble and/or behave in a disorderly and
loutish manner. Such behaviour must be emphatically discouraged. I am
therefore of the unwavering opinion that a sentencing judge should ordinarily
take into account an offender’s intoxication as an aggravating consideration.
Those who voluntarily imbibe alcohol must, in the usual course of events, take
full responsibility for their subsequent offending.

…

49 A fortiori, if the facts show that the offender’s intoxicated state during
the encounter had, by itself, caused the victim to experience an increased
state of terror or alarm, then that might be properly regarded as a further
aggravating factor. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

42 In this case, I agreed with the Prosecution that the accused’s intoxication
was self-induced. He was described as an “inveterate alcohol abuser” who was
“killing himself by instalment from the abuse of alcohol”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Report of Dr Lim Yun Chin, Mitigation, Tab 3. See also Mitigation, para 17;
Transcript, Day 3, p 10:12–10:14.

In this episode, he had spent over two hours drinking on a nearly empty
stomach 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Mitigation, paras 11–12.

and it was not the first time he had experienced memory lapses while drunk. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 9:31–9:32.

While the Prosecution submitted that this factor “can only be viewed as an
aggravating factor in the present case, and should not be given any mitigating
weight”, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

PP’s WS, para 30.

they clarified in oral submissions that they were merely seeking to treat this
as a neutral factor 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 16:6–16:15.

. In my judgment, it was only correct in principle and on the authorities to
regard the accused’s intoxication as an aggravating factor on the facts here.

43 As for the fact that the accused could not remember anything about the
events of 9 February 2013, it was clear that this, being the direct and
immediate consequence of the intoxication, by itself was neither exculpatory
nor mitigating. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 16:13–17:3.

However, this amnesia must be further discussed below in relation to his
guilty plea.

Plea of guilt

44 The Defence submitted that the accused’s plea of guilt was evidence of
genuine contrition and that it saved state resources. Accordingly, it should
be treated as a mitigating factor. The Prosecution submitted that the plea of
guilt was not mitigating in this case because it was the result of a negative
assessment of the merits of the case. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PP’s WS, paras 21–24.

45 There were two commonly cited jurisprudential bases which justified a
reduction in sentence for a timely plea of guilt; they were often referred to
as the remorse-based approach (ie, a guilty plea evidenced remorse) and the
utilitarian approach (ie, a guilty plea saved resources). Rajah J in Angliss
Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 (“Angliss”) stated
at [53]:

… As noted, our courts have said that there are two jurisprudential bases upon
which a reduction in sentence for timeously-effected guilty pleas may be
justified. The first is pragmatic: it saves the criminal justice system
resources that would have been expended with a full trial. In certain cases,
it even spares vulnerable victims and witnesses from having to testify: see Fu
Foo Tong v PP [1995] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“Fu Foo Tong”). This can be termed the
utilitarian approach. The second is moral: it is not the fact that an offender
pleads guilty but rather the essence of a guilty plea constituting genuine
remorse that attracts the reduction in sentence. This can be termed as the
remorse-based approach. In respect of the remorse-based approach, two reasons
have generally been proffered for placing a premium on and encouraging
contrition. The first is that an offender who demonstrates by his plea that he
is ready and willing to admit his crime enters the correctional system in a
frame of mind that affords hope for success in rehabilitation over a shorter
period of time than might otherwise be necessary: see United States v Henry
883 F 2d 1010 (11th Cir, 1989) at 1012, citing Brady v United States 397 US
742 (1970) at 753. The second and broader rationale is that there are
significant, meaningful and profound effects that a genuine, remorseful
apology can engender. …

Rajah J, after examining in detail the principles regarding the reduction of
sentences for a guilty plea (Angliss at [54]–[77]), concluded that a guilty
plea could be considered in mitigation when motivated by “genuine remorse,
contriteness or regret and/or a desire to facilitate the administration of
justice” but generally preferred the remorse-based approach to the utilitarian
approach.

(1) Remorse-based approach

46 I begin with the accused’s argument that his plea of guilt saved the victim
from being subject to the trauma of cross-examination, and was therefore
evidence of genuine remorse. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Mitigation, para 22; Transcript, Day 3, pp 10:27–10:30 and 11:4–11:6.

47 It was true that, ceteris paribus, an offender who did not put the victim
of a sexual offence through cross-examination should be treated as better off
than one who did. The earlier an offender pleaded guilty, the more substantial
a discount he could expect. These propositions derived from the consideration
of the remorse expressed by the accused as evidenced by his later conduct, but
their effect would depend on the particular facts, including how the plea
played out in the actual proceedings. On our facts, the victim was forced to
relive the trauma caused by the offences by having to recount the events
during examination-in-chief, during which she broke down. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PP’s WS, para 23; Transcript, Day 3, p 17:26–17:30.

She also had to travel for about 20 hours each way while not in the best of
health. She had returned to China in August 2015 as she had some medical
conditions and she underwent an operation about ten weeks before the trial was
scheduled to start. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Victim Impact Statement, para 8. See also PP’s WS, para 19(e).

48 The accused averred that he had to hear the victim’s evidence first-hand
because his defence was that he was drunk and could not remember anything that
had happened. In particular, he was “concerned” about “the lack of DNA
evidence proving penetration or ejaculation and had doubts about his ability
to have an erection, given his level of intoxication”, the lack of injuries on
himself and on the victim, the fact that he “and his family found it
inconceivable that he could commit such offences”, and that his request to
interview the victim to assess the veracity of her account had been denied. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mitigation, paras 19–20; Transcript, Day 3, p 10:18–10:29.

49 In my finding, I could not say that the accused’s condition did not
factually have this amnesic effect. Supported by Dr Lim Yun Chin’s opinion
(report dated 28 October 2015), 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Mitigation, Tab 3.

the accused deserved the benefit of the doubt.

50 These contentions however only gave the accused limited mileage. The
accused had significant evidence of his wrongdoing before the trial, including
the fact that (i) an independent witness saw the accused on top of the victim
who was crying; 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PP’s WS, para 22(a); Transcript, Day 3, p 17:13–17:18.

(ii) the victim’s account of the sexual assaults was corroborated by evidence
that the victim’s blood was found on the interior of the accused’s underwear,
the interior of his pants and the interior bottom front of his shirt, while
the accused’s DNA was found on the inside of the victim’s left bra cup; 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

PP’s WS, para 22(c); Transcript, Day 3, p 17:20–17:24.

and (iii) the accused was arrested by the police shortly after his sexual
assaults on the victim ended. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

PP’s WS, para 22(b); Transcript, Day 3, p 17:18–17:20.

In assessing the extent of the accused’s remorse, the conduct of the accused
was relevant. Consistently with what he claimed, he could have pleaded guilty
to C2 (aggravated outrage of modesty) while claiming trial to the other
charges. I would reject the suggestion that a plea of guilt as regards this
one charge would prejudice the defence of the other charges because (i) as I
said, the DNA and eyewitness evidence were overwhelmingly strong as regards
this charge; and (ii) there was no coincidence in the elements of this charge
and the rape charges.

51 The accused further argued that his statement made pursuant to s 22 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) expressed remorse. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Mitigation, para 23; Transcript, Day 3, pp 11:7–11:15 and 29:29–29:32.

He had stated:

I really cannot remember committing such a grave sin. I would not have done so
in the sober state of mind. I really did not mean such thing to happen. I have
no intention to throw my future like that. It was never intentional of me to
commit such a crime. I really did not mean for this to happen. I am sorry for
causing pain to the victim. …

52 As a preliminary point, I noted that this was simply a direct quotation of
the accused’s statement which had been made on 20 February 2013, and that the
Defence’s reference to this statement was only for the purpose of showing that
there was contrition and that the offence was not premeditated; the accused
confirmed that he was not qualifying and that he maintained his plea of guilt.
91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, Day 3, pp 2:4–3:3, Day 4, p 3:3–3:12.

In my judgment, he may have expressed genuine remorse at that point, but that
had to be judged by the consistency of his subsequent decisions.

53 Finally, I deal with the accused’s argument that he made no attempt to
fabricate evidence or another version of events, or to evade arrest, but
merely maintained his inability to recall the offences. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Mitigation, paras 27–28; Transcript, Day 3, p 11:15–11:23.

In my judgment, it would be an aggravating factor if evidence was fabricated
(Ong Seng Hwee v Public Prosecutor [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1) or if an offender
attempted to escape from the crime scene (Lewis Christine v Public Prosecutor
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 131). Moreover, the accused was apparently “dazed and
confused” when he was found near the crime scene; he was therefore in less of
a position to escape in the first place than someone who was alert. This was
also not a case where the accused had voluntarily surrendered himself to the
police after leaving the crime scene. The lack of fabricated evidence or any
attempt to escape must therefore be merely neutral and not mitigating.
However, it was true that the accused did not proffer an alternative version
of the facts for the victim to contend with (eg, that there was consent). This
factor was largely subsumed in his plea of guilt which was the subject of
consideration here.

(2) Utilitarian approach

54 The Defence submitted that the accused had saved resources in that the
other witnesses need not be called to the stand and both the Prosecution’s and
Court’s resources were saved. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Mitigation, para 24; Transcript, Day 3, p 10:30–10:32.

I found that the accused’s plea led to a speedy resolution of the matter, the
saving of trial days as well as an appeal on conviction. The victim was not
cross-examined, which would have caused even more harm to her. A fair number
of witnesses were not required to attend Court or put to further expense or
effort and the Prosecution did not need to contend with an alternative version
of events. On the other side of the scale, resources had already been expended
in preparation for the trial, including working and liaising with the
witnesses.

55 Finally, the shocking and heinous nature of the offences here trumped much
of the mitigating value of the guilty plea. In the premises, the accused’s
plea of guilt on the facts of this case had a limited effect on the sentence.

Other matters

56 The Defence submitted that the accused had acted without premeditation.
This factor was neutral in principle, but duly noted when considering
precedents with an appreciable degree of planning and calculation.

57 The accused had no relevant antecedents. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Mitigation, para 10.

Between the time he was arrested for and the time he was convicted of the
charges in the present case, he had been convicted and sentenced on certain
charges under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“MA”). However,
save for my comments at [77] below, I disregarded this fact.

58 In sentencing the accused, I also considered his personal circumstances 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Mitigation, paras 5–10; Transcript, Day 3, p 9:14–9:23.

and the letter written in his mitigation. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Mitigation, Tab 1.

The individual and total sentences

59 Having analysed the relevant sentencing factors, I will now proceed to
consider the individual sentences for each of the charges and the global
sentence.

Individual charges

(1) The aggravated outrage of modesty charge

60 I shall discuss two precedents, which were cited by the Defence, for this
charge.

61 First, in Seow Fook Thiam v Public Prosecutor [1997] 2 SLR(R) 887, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

See Mitigation, para 48.

the accused was convicted after trial of one count of aggravated outrage of
modesty for using his hand to squeeze the victim’s breasts while wrongfully
restraining the victim by holding her from behind. The High Court upheld the
sentence of 30 months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. The accused
tried to exculpate himself by casting baseless aspersions on the victim’s
character (ie, alleging that he had had an affair with the married victim).
However, I noted that the molest and restraint were brief in that the accused
let the victim go almost immediately after she shouted. In contrast, the
accused in the present case forced the victim to the ground, sat on her,
threatened her and subdued her. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Statement of Facts, paras 12-15.

This offence was also the prelude to further sexual violence on her at the
second location.

62 Then in Public Prosecutor v Robiul Bhoreshuddin Mondal [2010] SGHC 10
(“Mondal”), 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See Mitigation, paras 45–46.

the accused faced four counts of rape, one count of digital-vaginal
penetration, one count of aggravated outrage of modesty and one count of
housebreaking by night to commit rape. The accused had broken into the
victim’s room at night while she was sleeping, and he raped and sexually
assaulted her. In particular, for the aggravated outrage of modesty, the
accused had kissed the victim’s breasts and sucked her nipples. The accused
was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for this
charge and to a total sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane.

63 The Defence argued that this precedent had “more aggravated facts”. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Mitigation, para 47.

The attack there lasted over 1.5 hours while the attack on our facts lasted
only 20 minutes. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Mitigation, para 47(2).

There, the accused had caused fear of instant death by threatening to use a
knife to kill the victim if she made any noise while, in the present case,
there was wrongful restraint and a threat of violence but no weapons or
threats of instant death. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Mitigation, para 47(3).

The accused there acted with premeditation while the accused here acted “on
impulse with impaired judgment”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Mitigation, para 47(4).

Finally, the accused there had fully claimed trial while the accused here
pleaded guilty after the victim’s examination-in-chief. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Mitigation, para 47(1).

Admittedly, the facts in Mondal were more aggravating. In my view, the
sentence imposed in Mondal for this specific charge was lenient but it should
be seen in the context of an overall sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and
the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane for all his offences; and the
imprisonment of two years for the aggravated outrage of modesty being ordered
to be served concurrently.

64 Having regard to the above analysis, the factors relevant to this charge
and the totality principle, I sentenced the accused to 30 months’ imprisonment
and four strokes of the cane for the aggravated outrage of modesty charge (ie,
C2).

(2) Each of the rape charges

65 Of the precedents cited to me, I found that the gravity of the present case
was comparable to that in Chang Kar Meng. He was convicted of one count of
rape and one count of robbery. There, the accused knocked the victim out at
the void deck of her block of flats as she was returning home. He wanted to
rob her but, overcome by sexual desire, he also raped her on the grass patch
near the block of flats. Tay Yong Kwang J would have sentenced him to 14
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane had the rape charge stood
alone, but he received 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in
view of the five years’ imprisonment for the robbery charge being ordered to
run consecutively with the 12 years’ imprisonment for the rape charge. I
accepted that there were aggravating factors in Chang Kar Meng: the accused
had committed the rape in a residential estate, had knocked the victim
unconscious and injured her by dragging and rough handling, had degraded the
victim further by taking photographs of her in an undressed state, had
methodically tried to conceal his tracks and remained at large for about five
and a half months (Chang Kar Meng at [5] (at para 20 of the Statement of
Facts), [9] and [23]–[24]). 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Transcript, Day 3, p 20:7-20:11.

66 There were similarities with our present case, including the commission of
the offences in public, and near the victim’s residence. The present accused
literally pulled the victim along from the first location to the second
location and hit her head against the wall. As discussed above, our present
case had its own aggravating factors which made it comparable to Chang Kar
Meng, including the variety of sexual offences in three locations, the
repeated rapes and the appreciable harm caused to the victim. In determining
the individual sentence for each rape offence, I also took into consideration
the charges in C1 (rape), C4 (digital-vaginal penetration), C5 (penile-oral
penetration) and C8 (possession of obscene films).

67 Accordingly, the sentence here should be higher than in Haliffie and
Sivakumar s/o Selvarajah v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 1142 (“Sivakumar”),
both of which involved a single rape in a vehicle. In Haliffie (see [23]
above), the accused, who raped and robbed a stranger who had accepted a lift
in his car, received 10 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for
rape (which ran consecutively with three years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane for a robbery charge). On an overall analysis, I was of the view that
the present accused was more culpable on his rape offences.

68 In Sivakumar, the accused had – under the guise of being a police officer –
raped and outraged the modesty of the victim, and forced her to fellate him.
He was convicted after a full trial and received 11 years’ imprisonment and
five strokes of the cane for the rape charge. Even considering the accused’s
impersonation (in Sivakumar) as an aggravating factor (although its effect was
not discussed in relation to the rape offence), I was of the view that the
sentence on our facts should be higher.

69 In the premises, for the two rape charges proceeded on (ie, C3 and C6),
taking into consideration C1, C4, C5 and C8, the totality principle and in the
light of my analysis, I sentenced the accused to 13 years’ imprisonment and
seven strokes of the cane for each rape charge.

(3) The penile-oral penetration charge

70 The precedents cited generally involved sentences of seven to 11 years’
imprisonment and five to six strokes of the cane.

71 In Sivakumar (introduced above at [67] – [68]), the offender was sentenced
to 11 years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for the fellatio
charge, which was punishable under s 376(3) of the PC. The effect of the
offender’s impersonation as a police officer (usually aggravating) was not
explained in relation to the fellatio charge. However, the imprisonment terms
for the fellatio and rape charges (as well as an impersonation charge) ran
concurrently, and the global sentence (which included a sentence for outrage
of modesty) was 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. As such,
the imprisonment term for the specific fellatio charge – which was the same as
that for the rape charge – did not appear to be adjusted downwards to conform
to the totality principle.

72 In BMD v Public Prosecutor [2015] SGCA 70 (“BMD”), the accused was
convicted after trial of six charges: two counts of rape, two counts of
digital-anal penetration, one charge of penile-anal penetration and one charge
of penile-oral penetration. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Mitigation, para 43.

He received seven years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the
fellatio charge. This was part of a total sentence of 22 years’ imprisonment
and 24 strokes of the cane. The sentence was enhanced, inter alia, due to the
fact that the victim was vulnerable (she was the accused’s mildly retarded
half-sister and was about 19 years old at the material time, and the accused
stood in loco parentis to her), and “the lack of remorse and the conduct of
the [accused] during the trial” (see BMD at [70]).

73 If the present penile-oral penetration charge (ie, C7) had been a stand-
alone charge, I would have imposed a considerably higher sentence. In the
premises, I was minded to impose an imprisonment term of four years with four
strokes of the cane for C7, having regard to the totality principle. However,
due to a situation which I explain below at [77], I sentenced the accused to
three years, 10 months and two weeks’ imprisonment and four strokes of the
cane.

Global sentence

74 The Prosecution submitted that the aggregate sentence should be at least 17
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, and that the imprisonment
terms for C3 (the rape charge) and C7 (the penile-oral penetration charge)
should run consecutively. The Defence submitted that an aggregate sentence of
13–15 years’ imprisonment with caning would be appropriate and that the
imprisonment terms for C2 (aggravated outrage of modesty) and C3 should run
consecutively as the offences arose from a single incident lasting 20 minutes
and involving one victim.

75 Under s 307(1) of the CPC, the Court was required here to order at least
two imprisonment terms to run consecutively. In addition, the total sentence
had to accord with both the one-transaction rule and the totality principle as
enunciated in Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998
(“Shouffee”). In particular, the totality principle was a rule of limitation
and a manifestation of proportionality which required the Court to take a last
look at the facts and circumstances to assess whether the sentence appeared
wrong and, if so, to adjust the sentence by either reassessing which sentences
ought to run consecutively, or by recalibrating the individual sentences to
arrive at the appropriate aggregate sentence (Shouffee at [47], [53],
[58]–[59] and [66]–[67] per Menon CJ).

76 Although the proceeded charges could be viewed as a single transaction, the
totality principle could still apply. In my view, it was appropriate to order
the imprisonment terms for C3 (ie, rape) and C7 (ie, fellatio) to run
consecutively. In particular, those were the more serious charges and they
involved the violation of different orifices of the body; and I agreed with
the Prosecution that the imprisonment terms for these two charges should run
consecutively, to “reflect the enhanced culpability” of the accused and to
“sufficiently capture the gravity of” his conduct. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PP’s WS, para 38; Transcript, Day 3, pp 6:23–7:2.

It was pertinent to consider that the imprisonment term for the other rape
charge (C6) was ordered to run concurrently. On an overall assessment, with an
eye on the global sentence, it would be appropriate for the imprisonment term
in the relatively less serious charge in C2, which was the prelude to the
graver offences, to run concurrently. As regards caning, I did not think that
I should subject the accused to the maximum of 24 strokes of the cane; a total
of 22 strokes of the cane was more considered and appropriate. In my view, a
global sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment and 22 strokes of the cane accorded
with the totality principle.

77 The accused was remanded since 9 February 2013 for the present offences. On
25 March 2013 (ie, while on remand), he was convicted and sentenced on
offences under the MA. I did not order the imprisonment terms for the present
offences to take effect from 9 February 2013 (ie, the date of his remand),
since that would allow the accused to serve the sentences for the moneylending
offences and the present offences at the same time. I therefore ordered the
imprisonment terms for the present offences to commence on 14 September 2013,
the date on which the accused was deemed to have completed those sentences for
the moneylending offences on the basis that the one-third remission was
awarded. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 4:14–4:24.

However, to also account for the six weeks when the accused was on remand from
9 February 2013 to 25 March 2013, the Prosecution consented to reducing the
total imprisonment term by six weeks. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Transcript, Day 4, pp 4:30–5:3.

Accordingly, I ordered that the imprisonment term for C7 (ie, the penile-oral
penetration charge) be three years, 10 months and two weeks rather than four
years.

Conclusion

78 In conclusion, I imposed the following sentences:

(a) C2 — 30 months’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane;

(b) C3 — 13 years’ imprisonment and seven strokes of the cane;

(c) C6 — 13 years’ imprisonment and seven strokes of the cane; and

(d) C7 — imprisonment of three years, 10 months and two weeks, and four
strokes of the cane.

79 I ordered the imprisonment terms for C3 and C7 to run consecutively from 14
September 2013, while the other imprisonment terms would run concurrently with
these two terms. The total sentence was therefore 16 years, 10 months and two
weeks’ imprisonment, and 22 strokes of the cane.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Lin Yinbing, Zhuo Wenzhao and Christine Liu (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the Prosecution;  
Anand Nalachandran (TSMP Law Corporation) and Cai Chengying (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

