Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURtS of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHCF 10

HCF/Originating Summon No 12 of 2016

In the Matter of Rule 15 of the Family Justice Rules 2014

And

In the Matter of Section 73 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353)

Between

TOC

… Applicant

And

TOD

… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family Law] — [Consent order] — [Variation]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TOC

  

v

  

TOD

[2016] SGHCF 10

High Court — HCF/Originating Summon No 12 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
23 May 2016

27 May 2016

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant is now 44 years old. She married the respondent (now 37 years
old) on 16 March 2007 in Singapore. The applicant is a Singapore citizen. She
used to work as a childcare teacher but counsel informed during the hearing
that she has recently left the employment. The respondent is a UK citizen and
a research scientist. Their only child, a daughter, is 7 years old and lives
with the applicant.

2 The applicant filed for divorce on 29 September 2010. The interim judgment
was granted on 26 July 2011 by District Judge (“DJ”) Sowaran Singh. DJ Sowaran
Singh recorded a consent order by which the respondent agreed to pay to the
applicant a lump sum of $80,000 for arrears in maintenance of the daughter and
of the applicant, maintenance of the applicant, and division of matrimonial
assets. Further, from 1 May 2011, the respondent will pay to the applicant
$1,500 a month for the maintenance of the daughter. Under the consent order,
the parties have joint custody of their daughter, while the applicant has care
and control and the respondent has access on Wednesdays from 6pm to 9.30pm and
Saturdays from 11am to 6pm. At the time of the consent order, the daughter was
3 years old.

3 On 30 September 2015, the applicant applied for the consent order to be
varied. She asked for the monthly maintenance of her daughter to be increased
from $1,500 to $3,000, with retrospective effect from 1 April 2011. DJ Eugene
Tay increased the monthly maintenance to $1,800, with effect from 1 March
2016. His order was made on 17 February 2016.

4 The applicant had to file any notice of appeal against DJ Eugene Tay’s
decision by 2 March 2016 if she had wanted to appeal. But she did not do so.
She then applied five days later, on 7 March 2016, for this court to grant
leave for her to file her notice of appeal out of time.

5 Whether or not an extension of time for the filing of a notice of appeal
would be granted depends on the length of the delay, the reason(s) for the
delay, the chances of success at appeal if time for appealing is extended, and
the degree of prejudice which the respondent might suffer if the extension of
time were allowed: see Anwar Siraj v Ting Kang Chung John [2010] 1 SLR 1026 at
[29]. In the present case, the delay was five days. Any prejudice that the
respondent may suffer if I were to allow the present application can be
adequately remedied by an award of costs and/or damages. However, the
applicant failed to provide valid reasons for the delay. Counsel informed that
after the hearing before DJ Eugene Tay, the applicant gave “initial
instructions” for an appeal to be filed. Counsel explained that she then had
to meet with the applicant to explain to her the orders made by DJ Eugene Tay,
to advise her on “the issue of appeal”, and to confirm the instructions. No
explanation was given to this court on why this meeting did not take place
until 2 March 2016, ie on the last day permitted for the filing of the appeal.
Counsel also offered no reason as to why they could not, after confirming the
applicant’s instructions on 2 March 2016, file the notice of appeal on the
same day.

6 Even if I were to allow the present application, the applicant has a very
low chance of success at the appeal. She is seeking to vary the terms of a
consent order. Generally, a consent order is an order of court entered by
agreement between the parties with the approval of the court. The order so
reached by agreement has a binding effect on the parties who implicitly, have
no right of appeal. The recourse to any unhappy party is to apply to have the
consent order set aside.

7 The considerations by the court in determining the question of setting aside
a consent order are different from the considerations that apply in an appeal.
When a party wishes to deviate from or not comply with a consent order, he has
to persuade the court with very strong reasons why the order ought to be set
aside. A consent order is essentially a contract and courts do not re-write
contracts for the litigants. The role of the court is to interpret their
agreement or in appropriate instances (such as frustration or illegality) set
aside the contract. However, when marriage fails, not everything is destroyed.
In its ruins many things remain viable and they value and share-out those
remains in their own way. Every family is different.

8 In matrimonial cases, the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) was
first amended in 1980 to allow a court to vary consent orders relating to the
maintenance of a child or of a former wife. Sections 73 and 119 of the WC are
reproduced below:

Power of court to vary agreement for maintenance of child

73\. The court may, at any time and from time to time, vary the terms of any
agreement relating to the maintenance of a child, whether made before or after
1st June 1981, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in that
agreement, where it is satisfied that it is reasonable and for the welfare of
the child to do so.

Power of court to vary agreements for maintenance

119\. Subject to section 116, the court may at any time and from time to time
vary the terms of any agreement as to maintenance made between husband and
wife, whether made before or after 1st June 1981, where it is satisfied that
there has been any material change in the circumstances and notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary in any such agreement

In AYM v AYL [2014] 4 SLR 559, the Court of Appeal held (at [16]) that s 73 of
the WC is broad enough for a material change in the circumstances of the
parents to form a basis for varying a consent order for the maintenance of a
child.

9 The introduction of ss 73 and 119 in the WC might have led some parties to
think that a consent order may be varied as if it were not made by consent.
That would be wrong. In AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 935, the Court of Appeal stated
(at [15]) that even in a matrimonial context, the court ought to, as far as
possible, give effect to the idea of freedom of contract and the related
concept of sanctity of the couple’s agreement, although specific vitiating
factors (such as misrepresentation, mistake, duress, undue influence,
unconscionability as well as illegality and public policy) may operate to
unravel an otherwise binding agreement. In Nalini d/o Ramachandran v
Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan [2010] SGHC 98, Tay Yong Kwang J held (at [14])
that a consent order for division of matrimonial assets should not be as
easily revised as an order made without incorporating the spouses’ prior
agreement. In my view, the same principle applies in relation to consent
orders for maintenance. Although s 73 of the WC confers upon a court the power
to vary the terms of a consent order relating to the maintenance of a child
when there is a material change in the circumstances of the parents, that
power must be exercised sparingly. The facts concerning the present case would
not have merited an exercise of the court’s power under s 73 of the WC, even
if the case had gone on appeal. In the court below, the applicant did not
provide evidence of any material change in circumstances since the consent
order was made in 2011 that would justify a variation of the order for
maintenance for the daughter to be increased from $1,500 a month to $3,000 a
month. The record shows that DJ Eugene Tay would have dismissed the
application but he varied the amount from $1,500 to $1,800 a month only
because the respondent offered to pay the higher amount for the maintenance of
his child. I do not think that the difference between the amount claimed
($3,000) and the $1,800 is sufficiently material to justify this matter
proceeding further.

10 A consent order is a useful instrument to get parties to settle and end
protracted and expensive litigation. Matrimonial disputes can be emotional and
acrimonious especially when they concern children of the marriage. Court
orders have the imprint of a victor and a vanquished although they ought not
to be seen like that. Parties to matrimonial litigation can be too emotional
to see it differently. Hence, a consent order arrived at after negotiations
between the parties are desired above litigated orders. The willingness of the
parties to negotiate an amicable settlement is an important general
consideration. Otherwise, one party may lead the other to believe that the
order will end their dispute, and after extracting the consent, proceed to
vary it. This is precisely what the applicant is seeking to do in this case.
In her affidavit dated 3 September 2015 for the purpose of the hearing below,
the applicant stated that she had agreed to the sum for maintenance in 2011 as
she “did not want to unravel any good terms for settlement”. Having secured
terms that were favourable to her, the applicant is now hoping to tilt the
balance of benefits further in her favour by seeking a court order to vary the
terms of the agreement that she had freely entered into with her former
husband. The important elements in ss 73 and 119 are that there must be a
material change in the circumstances and that it is reasonable for the welfare
of the child. In determining whether the facts fit these criteria, the court
may consider whether the application is made too soon after the consent order
or that the variation sought ought reasonably to be within the contemplation
of the parties when they made their agreement. That is to say, when concluding
their negotiated order, the parties ought to have regard to the fact that a
child’s needs will change over time. One way is to agree that no variation may
be made earlier than a specified date. This will indicate that the terms under
the consent order had been reached with a moratorium duly considered.

11 For the reasons above, I dismissed the application. The parties are to bear
their own costs.

Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Chia Chwee Imm Helen and Eleanor Mok (Chia-Thomas Law Chambers LLC) for the
Applicant;  
Kamalarajan M Chettiar (Rajan Chettiar LLC) for the Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

