Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 22

Bill of Costs No 232 of 2015  
(Summons No 289 of 2016)

Between

Seng You Morris

… Applicant

And

International Bank of Qatar

… Respondent

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Taxation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Seng You Morris

  
v

  

International Bank of Qatar

[2016] SGHC 22

High Court — Bill of Costs No 232 of 2015 (HC/Summons No 289 of 2016)  
Choo Han Teck J  
15 February 2016

22 February 2016 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1\. The respondent is a bank incorporated in Qatar. The applicant holds a bank
account in Singapore with DBS Bank Ltd (“the DBS Bank account”). Between April
and May 2014, the respondent, acting on instructions received through a series
of telefaxes purportedly sent by one of its customers, transferred sums of
monies to various bank accounts in Taiwan and to the applicant’s DBS Bank
account. The respondent later discovered that the instructions were from an
imposer and not a customer. It then commenced an action against the applicant
on 9 May 2014, alleging that the applicant was in a conspiracy to defraud the
respondent. The amount claimed was US$554,200, which translates to about
S$750,000. The applicant denied the allegations. He claimed that a woman whom
he had met through online chats had told him to expect the monies into his DBS
Bank account and that he had, on her instructions, already transferred the
sums to another individual (“X”). On 12 December 2014, the respondent added X
as a defendant to the proceedings.

2\. This action was fixed for trial from 19 to 28 January 2016. On 6 May 2015,
the applicant obtained an order for the respondent to provide security for
costs at S$50,000 up to the stage of exchange of Affidavits of Evidence-in-
Chief (“AEIC”). The AEICs were due for exchange on 23 October 2015 but on 19
October 2015, the respondent proposed, through its solicitors, to discontinue
the action with costs to the applicant and to X at S$15,000 each. X accepted
the offer, but the applicant demanded costs at S$50,000. A Notice of
Discontinuance was eventually filed but as the applicant and the respondent
could not agree on costs, the bill of costs was taxed. The Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) taxed the costs for work done other than for taxation (“Section 1
costs”) at $25,000. Dissatisfied with the AR’s decision, the applicant filed
the present application for review of the taxation order.

3\. On review before me, the applicant contended that the AR ordered security
for costs at $50,000 earlier in the action, and since security for costs ought
to be indicative of actual costs, he is now entitled to Section 1 costs at
$50,000. Mr Parwani, counsel for the applicant, argued that if the situation
was reversed and if it was the applicant who was not contesting the original
action just prior to the exchange of the AEICs, the respondent would have
relied on the security for costs order to justify a claim for costs at
$50,000.

4\. The quantum of security for costs is only a reasonable estimate, made at
the time of the order, of expected costs. If the parties should discontinue
the proceedings subsequently, the AR (or the court, as the case may be) is
entitled, and indeed ought to carry out a review in order to determine cost
orders that are appropriate. The quantum of security for costs can serve as a
reference, but it is not conclusive. Thus, in the hypothetical situation
suggested by the applicant, if it had been the applicant who decided not to
contest the original action and the respondent who wishes to rely on the
security for costs order to justify costs at $50,000, the applicant is
entitled to show that the estimate has proven to be excessive.

5\. Ultimately, in determining appropriate costs, the court must have regard
to all the relevant circumstances, such as the complexity of the original
action, the amount of work actually done by the time of discontinuance of the
action, and the skill and knowledge required of the solicitor in performing
such work. The applicant contends that the original action is a complex one
presenting novel issues, and listed a total of six “legal” issues in his Bill
of Costs. However, some of these “legal issues” are questions of fact and do
not involve points of law. For instance, questions as to whether the applicant
was involved in a conspiracy to defraud the respondent, or whether the
respondent was acting under a mistake in making the various transfers to the
applicant’s bank account, are not so much questions of law but rather require
factual determinations. Moreover, the applicant was to be the only witness for
his case. Even if we were to accept the applicant’s contention that time and
labour had already been expended in preparing his AEIC by the time the
respondent proposed to discontinue the action, the AEIC was, by the
applicant’s own admission, only 14 pages in text with six exhibits. It is also
significant that the proceedings did not involve the discovery of voluminous
documents. At the time of discontinuance of the action, the parties had
collectively disclosed only 36 documents totalling 253 pages. Counsel for the
applicant pointed to various authorities and precedent bills in trying to
convince me that he should be awarded a higher quantum of costs, but I am not
persuaded that the authorities cited concerned facts and circumstances that
are helpful to his client.

6\. Furthermore, I find that several items included in the Bill of Costs are
not in order. For instance, the applicant claimed costs for attendance of nine
Pre-Trial Conferences (“PTCs”), including for PTCs held on 14 May 2015, 4 June
2015, and 10 September 2015. However, no PTC in fact took place on 14 May 2015
as it was adjourned. The applicant’s solicitors also did not attend the 4 June
2015 and 10 September 2015; on both occasions, solicitors of either X or the
respondent had attended and mentioned on the applicant’s behalf. The applicant
also claimed costs for attendance pertaining to applications made by the
respondent against X (e.g. for substituted service of writ on X) which do not
in fact concern the applicant.

7\. In the circumstances, $50,000 does not seem to be a reasonable amount. As
the costs are taxed on the standard basis, any doubts as to whether the costs
were reasonably incurred or were reasonable in amount must be resolved in
favour of the paying party (see Order 59 r 27(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap
332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)). I see no reason to disturb the order made by the AR
and therefore dismiss the present application. In conclusion, I will add that
the AR who taxed the applicant’s costs was the AR who ordered the security for
costs. He must clearly be of the view that the security ordered was excessive.
I will fix the costs of this appeal at $1,000 inclusive of disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Vijai Parwani (Parwani Law LLC) for the applicant;  
Lim Tong Chuan and Joel Wee Tze Sing (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

