Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 13

Civil Appeal No 3 of 2015

Between

| ARY  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| ARX  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 5 of 2015

Between

| ARX  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| ARY  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Family Law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family Law] — [Maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
ARY

  
v

  

ARX and another appeal

[2016] SGCA 13

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 3 and 5 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Quentin Loh J  
22 October; 26 November 2015

10 March 2016

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These are two related appeals against the decision of a judge (“the Judge”)
on the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance in the ancillary matters
of a divorce. Her decision is reported at ARX v ARY [2015] 2 SLR 1103 (“the
Judgment”).

2 These appeals present us an opportunity to further clarify the legal
position on the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets
for division in a divorce.

Background

3 The husband and wife were married on 29 October 1994, and remained married
for approximately 15 years, until the relationship broke down in June 2009,
when the parties separated by mutual agreement. The husband, now aged 43 and
who originally hailed from Turkey, is currently resident and employed in the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. He works for a large international
media agency (“IMA”) and earns a monthly salary of about $36,000.

4 The wife is a 52-year-old Scotswoman. She was a homemaker for a large part
of the marriage, but is currently employed as a part-time bookkeeper and earns
about $2,500 every month. The wife resides in Singapore with their two sons,
who are 16 and 11 years of age. Both children are enrolled in an international
school in Johor Bahru. They were boarders at that school when the matter was
before the Judge, but had ceased boarding arrangements by the time the matter
came before us. Parties have agreed on the custody, care and control, and
access arrangements for the children.

The marriage and the early years

5 The parties met in 1993 when the wife was on holiday in Turkey. The wife was
then a banker in England and earning a substantial salary. The husband lived
and worked in Turkey. Just prior to the marriage, the husband moved to London
to live with the wife. He became a full-time student reading for a university
degree, and he also enrolled in an English language course.

6 The wife claims that during the early years of their marriage, she was the
“sole financial provider”. She funded the husband’s passage to England and his
education there. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 3/2015 at paras 5–6.

The husband, on the other hand, claims that he paid for his education in
England with his savings from Turkey and the money he earned from part-time
work while studying. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 3/2015 at paras 19–20.

It is, however, clear and beyond doubt that the wife provided the marriage
with financial stability in the early years, because her salary far
outstripped the husband’s.

7 In 1999, their first son was born. The husband, having graduated from his
degree programme, took up employment at IMA in London in that year.

8 His career has been a successful one. He has risen through the ranks to his
current position as a regional sales manager.

The moves to Hong Kong, Japan and then Singapore

9 The parties relocated to Hong Kong in 2003. The decision to relocate was
caused by a confluence of three events that year. First, the husband was
promoted, and offered a position at IMA’s Hong Kong office. Second, the wife
was made redundant by her then employer, a European bank. Third, the wife
became pregnant with their second son, and gave birth to him in December that
year. The wife stopped working to become a homemaker soon after.

10 Parties disagree over the reason the wife became a homemaker. The wife says
that she sacrificed her career so that she could focus on the family. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 3/2015 at para 11.

The husband says that it was not a matter of choice. Instead, she could not
find employment after having been made redundant. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 77–78.

11 The family relocated two more times after moving to Hong Kong. In 2004, the
husband was posted to Japan, and in 2006, he was posted to Singapore. The
family went with him wherever his career brought him.

The separation and divorce proceedings

12 The husband had an affair while the family was in Singapore. This caused
the marriage to deteriorate. The wife found out about the affair in January
2008, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Wife’s 3rd AM affidavit at para 8; ROA vol 3 part 2 at p 98.

and they eventually separated in June 2009 when the husband left their rented
matrimonial home in Singapore. The wife stayed on at the matrimonial home with
the children. The husband continued to pay for the rent of the matrimonial
home and for the children’s expenses. He also gave the wife $1,200 every month
for her own expenses.

13 The husband filed for divorce on 2 February 2010. Interim judgment was
granted on 26 October 2010. The ancillary proceedings commenced on 30 June
2012.

The decision below and the arguments on appeal

14 We will now provide a broad overview of the Judge’s decision in the court
below, as well as the parties’ arguments on appeal, followed by an analysis of
the issues of this appeal.

15 There were two main issues before the Judge. The first concerned the
division of the matrimonial assets, and the second, maintenance for the wife
and children.

16 In respect of the division of the matrimonial assets:

(a) The Judge held that the operative date for determining the pool of
matrimonial assets was the date the ancillary proceedings commenced, 30 June
2012. At that date, the total assets in the matrimonial pool amounted to
$1,475,809.24.

(b) The Judge rejected the husband’s argument that the operative date should
be (i) the date parties separated in June 2009, when the total assets in the
matrimonial pool amounted to $966,708.51; 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at Annex A.

or alternatively (ii) the date interim judgment was granted on 26 October
2010, when the total assets in the matrimonial pool amounted to $1,289,399.35.
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at Annex A.

(c) The Judge divided the pool of assets equally, resulting in each party
receiving approximately $738,000.

17 In respect of the maintenance for the wife and children:

(a) The Judge awarded monthly maintenance of $7,700 to the wife, which
comprised $3,000 for her personal and household expenses and $4,700 for rent
for herself and the children.

(b) The Judge rejected the wife’s claim for a supplementary card, a car, and a
monthly sum of $1,000 for holiday expenses.

(c) The husband agreed to pay for the children’s school and boarding fees
(which amounted to $7,250 monthly), school-related expenses, medical insurance
and pocket money.

18 The husband appeals against the Judge’s decision on division. His challenge
to the decision on division is mounted at three levels. First, he argues that
the operative date should not be the date of commencement of ancillary
proceedings, but rather, the date the parties separated. Second, he argues
that the Judge erred by including a Turkish property in the matrimonial
assets. Third, he argues against an equal division of the matrimonial assets.
He says that the division should be in the proportions of 70:30 in his favour,
which is more closely aligned to the parties’ financial contributions.

19 Both the husband and wife appeal against the Judge’s decision on
maintenance. The wife says that maintenance should be increased to $10,200
monthly comprising $4,500 for her personal and household expenses, $4,700 for
rent, and $1,000 for holiday expenses. The husband, on the other hand, argues
that the maintenance should be reduced to $5,000 monthly.

20 We will address the division of matrimonial assets and maintenance
separately because they raise discrete legal principles and facts.

Issues relating to the division of matrimonial assets

21 The husband’s appeal against the Judge’s decision on division raises the
same three issues (see [18] above). First, what the operative date for
determining the pool of matrimonial assets should be. Second, whether a
property in Turkey (“the Turunc property”) should be included in the pool of
matrimonial assets. Third, whether the Judge’s division of the matrimonial
assets in equal proportions is just and equitable.

What the operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets should
be

The decision below

22 The appropriate operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial
assets received extensive argument in the court below. It was a pivotal point
because there was a surge of about 50% in the total matrimonial assets between
the parties’ separation in June 2009 and the commencement of ancillary
proceedings on 30 June 2012. The surge was due to the husband’s receipt of
some $520,000 in salary and bonuses during that period.

23 The Judge accepted the wife’s position that the operative date should be
when the ancillary proceedings commenced. The Judge held that the court had a
“broad discretion” in selecting an operative date for determining the pool of
matrimonial assets (the Judgment at [22]). The wife was responsible for the
welfare of the children even after the breakdown of the marriage and the grant
of interim judgment (the Judgment at [31]). This allowed the husband to focus
on his work, and obtain the salary and bonuses. Those monies should therefore
be included in the pool of matrimonial assets for division.

The parties’ cases on appeal

24 On appeal, the husband maintains his position that the operative date
should be the date the parties separated. He gave four reasons. First, the
parties’ intentions are an important factor in determining the operative date.
By June 2009, the parties manifested a clear intention not to contribute to
the matrimonial assets. They were living apart and had closed their joint
accounts (except for one to deduct rent and utilities and a second overseas
account to collect rental proceeds). Thereafter, they managed their assets
separately. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 19.

Second, the Judge double-counted the wife’s non-financial contributions. The
Judge relied on the wife’s non-financial contributions to justify a later
operative date, and also relied on those same contributions when dividing the
matrimonial assets. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 31–34, 37.

Third, the Judge failed to consider that the husband continued to pay for the
rent of the matrimonial flat and for the children’s expenses even after he had
moved out. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 36.

Fourth, as a matter of policy, setting the operative date to be at the date
when ancillary proceedings are commenced will encourage parties to drag out
divorce proceedings. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 40.

25 The wife argues that the Judge’s decision on the operative date should be
upheld for three reasons. First, the case law is clear that the two “most
sensible dates are either the date of the interim judgment or the date of the
hearing of the final ancillaries”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 22.

If the selection of a particular date “renders the proportion of division
unjust, the court will unhesitatingly reject that date”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 24.

Second, the fact that parties lived apart and managed their assets separately
after June 2009 is unexceptional. That is an ordinary consequence of a failed
marriage. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 27–30.

Third, adopting June 2009 as the operative date will be unjust to the wife
because she will only receive approximately $488,000 (assuming equal
division). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 39–41.

Our decision

26 We agree with the Judge that the court has the discretion to select the
appropriate operative date. However, that discretion is not a free or an
unguided one. So the first question we need to address is whether there is a
starting point from which the court should determine the operative date

27 The analysis has to begin with the statutory definition of a “matrimonial
asset” in s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the
Women’s Charter”). It includes an asset “of any nature acquired during the
marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage” [emphasis added].

28 In Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157
(“Yeo Chong Lin”), we considered the meaning of s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s
Charter in the context of the operative date for determining the matrimonial
assets. We observed that there were four possible dates: (a) the date of
separation; (b) the date the writ of divorce was filed; (c) the date of
interim judgment; and (d) the date of the ancillary matters hearing (Yeo Chong
Lin at [39]). Parliament had not prescribed any of these four options as the
appropriate cut-off date, but had left the choice to the court. We preferred
not to come down definitively in favour of any of the four potential operative
dates, because the circumstances in which a divorce could occur were too
diverse to do so (Yeo Chong Lin at [36]). We however opined that “it would be
sensible to apply either the date of the decree nisi or the date of the
hearing of the ancillary matters” (Yeo Chong Lin at [39]). The date of interim
judgment was particularly appealing because it would be “wholly unreal” to
treat assets acquired post-interim judgment as matrimonial assets. Once
interim judgment is granted, “the marriage contract has for all practical
purposes come to an end and there is no longer any marriage” (Yeo Chong Lin at
[39]). On the facts, and in line with that final observation, we applied the
date of the interim judgment as the operative date for determining the pool of
matrimonial assets.

29 We revisited the issue more recently in Oh Choon v Lee Siew Lin [2014] 1
SLR 629 (“Oh Choon”). That case is instructive because we adopted the date of
the interim judgment as the operative date despite the long period between the
breakdown of the marriage and the divorce proceedings. The parties in Oh Choon
were married in 1993. The relationship broke down, and the husband moved out
of the matrimonial home in 1999. He filed for divorce only 11 years later, in
2010. Interim judgment was granted the following year, in 2011. After leaving
the matrimonial home and prior to the grant of interim judgment, the husband
had purchased a car and a property in joint names with his mistress. The
husband argued that the operative date should have been the date of separation
in 1999. This would have excluded the car and the property from the pool of
matrimonial assets.

30 We rejected his argument and instead adopted the date of the interim
judgment. We stressed that there was no bright-line rule as to which of the
four potential dates should be preferred as the operative date, and that
everything turned on the facts of the case (Oh Choon at [14]):

14 Given our analysis thus far, it follows that we would respectfully reject
[the husband’s] argument ... that the operative date for determining the pool
of matrimonial assets in the present case ought to be the date of “separation”
... Indeed, as the relevant case law makes clear, there is no hard and fast
cut-off date for the determination of the pool of matrimonial assets and
everything would, in the final analysis, depend on the precise facts of the
case itself (see, for example, the decision of this court in Yeo Chong Lin v
Tay Ang Choo Nancy [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Yeo Chong Lin”) at [32]–[36]). In Yeo
Chong Lin, this court noted (at [36]) that “[m]ultiple dates are distinctly
possible, depending on the nature of the assets and the circumstances
surrounding their acquisition”. This court also observed (at [36]) that
“[u]ltimately, perhaps the adoption of an operative date or dates may not
really be that critical as compared to arriving at a just and equitable
division” ...

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

On the facts of that particular case, we held that the date of the interim
judgment was appropriate for ascertaining the pool of matrimonial assets
because there “was a continuous (albeit clearly attenuated) relationship
between the [husband and wife] throughout” [emphasis in original] even after
the husband left the matrimonial home and before he filed for divorce (Oh
Choon at [12]). This was clear from the fact that the husband had visited the
wife at the matrimonial home monthly and paid her maintenance of $1,200.

31 We would venture even further than Yeo Chong Lin and Oh Choon in this case.
In our judgment, while the court retains the discretion to select the
appropriate operative date to determine the pool of matrimonial assets, there
is much to be said that, unless the particular circumstances or justice of the
case warrant it, the starting point or default position should be the date
that interim judgment is granted.

32 There is a strong justification for this position as a matter of principle.
The interim judgment “puts an end to the marriage contract and indicates that
the parties no longer intend to participate in the joint accumulation of
matrimonial assets ...” (AJR v AJS [2010] 4 SLR 617 (“AJR”) at [4]). The grant
of interim judgment is a recognition by the court that there is “no longer any
matrimonial home, no consortium vitae and no right on either side to conjugal
rights” (Sivakolunthu Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another [1987] SLR(R)
702 at [25]). The interim judgment “put[s] an end to the whole content of the
marriage contract, leaving only the shell, that is, the technical bond”
(Fender v St John-Mildmay [1936] 1 KB 111 at 115–117). In a general sense, it
would be artificial to speak of any asset acquired after the interim judgment
has been granted as being a matrimonial asset.

33 Further, as Kan Ting Chiu J observed in Yap Hwee May Kathryn v Geh Thien Ee
Martin [2007] 3 SLR(R) 663 at [25], there is “no reason why the actual
division should not be done when [interim judgment] is granted” if all the
relevant material is before the court at that time. It does not accord with
good sense to encourage parties to drag out ancillary proceedings. However,
depending on the party responsible, this factor could be a ground to adopt a
later date as the operative date in order to achieve justice as between the
parties.

34 Adopting the date of the interim judgment as a starting point will also
better enable parties to a divorce to arrange their financial affairs. It will
give them the comfort of knowing when they will be taken as having moved into
a different phase in their lives. It will also make it easier for their
counsel to advise them. Judicial Commissioner Debbie Ong, writing as an
academic prior to her elevation to the bench, expressed the view that the
operative date should be fixed at the date of interim judgment as a matter of
fairness to the parties to the divorce (Debbie Ong, “Family Law” (2011) 12 SAL
Ann Rev 298 at para 15.23):

15.23 The use of the date of the interim judgment of divorce is most
consistent with the statutory definition of “matrimonial asset”. ... Upon the
grant of [interim judgment], the marriage is practically at an end and it is
in the interests of parties to settle all ancillary matters and bring closure
to the divorce process. Applying this date … brings certainty to parties who
need to plan their financial affairs as they move on to post-divorce life.
[emphasis added]

We will not go so far as to fix the date of the interim judgment as the
operative date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets. We think the
right balance between certainty and flexibility is struck if the date of the
interim judgment is set as a starting point, with the court possessing the
discretion to depart from it in deserving cases.

35 This will preserve the court’s flexibility to ensure that justice is done
in every case. The court may depart from the starting point when there are
cogent reasons to do so. These include situations where, for example, a party
incurs a large amount of expenditure from having “indulged in certain vices”
such that the matrimonial assets have been “unfairly or unjustly depleted by
the unacceptable actions of that party” (AJR v AJS at [6]). Even when the
court chooses not to depart from the starting point, it remains able to take
into account accruing benefits (Yeo Chong Lin at [21]) and restore expenditure
notionally to the pool of matrimonial assets (Yeo Chong Lin at [33]).

36 The court must exercise care when it decides to depart from the starting
point, and should provide reasons whenever it does. This is because the court
has not only the discretion to select the operative date to determine the pool
of matrimonial assets, it also has the discretion to determine the date at
which those assets should be valued (Anthony Patrick Nathan v Chan Siew Chin
[2011] 4 SLR 1121 at [21]–[33]), and the discretion to determine how those
assets should be divided. Having the discretion at multiple levels also means
there could be an inherent danger of double-counting in relation to a factor
to achieve what is perceived to be a just result. Such a concern was raised in
this case, and we will come to that in a moment. Adopting a starting point in
respect of the operative date will ensure that the inquiry will be systematic.
It will prevent an exercise of an “unguided discretion” (ANJ v ANK [2015] 4
SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”) at [21]) to achieve justice and equity in each case.

37 Turning to the facts of this case, the question was whether the starting
point should be departed from. In Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita [1996]
1 SLR(R) 633 (“Tianzon”), this court adopted the date of the ancillary hearing
as the operative date because the wife continued to look after the child of
the marriage after the grant of interim judgment. In the present case, the
Judge, having carefully reviewed past cases, including those of this court,
namely, Tianzon, Yeo Chong Lin and Oh Choo, came to the conclusion at [31]
that:

As in the case of Tianzon, I noted that the defendant continued to be
responsible for the welfare of the children even after the breakdown of the
marriage and Interim Judgment which, inter alia, enabled the plaintiff to
concentrate on his work and hence accumulate cash from his salaries and
bonuses (see [46] below). I was of the view that the indirect contributions of
the defendant as described had to be recognised. Therefore, applying the
principle derived in Tianzon and Oh Choon at [13]), I decided that the
Operative Date should be 30 June 2012. …

38 We deal first with the husband’s arguments that the date of separation
should apply before turning to the Judge’s reasons that the date of
commencement of ancillary proceedings should instead apply.

39 The crux of the husband’s case is that after June 2009, parties “manifested
[a] clear intention” that they did not want to “contribute to the pool of
matrimonial assets” and that the parties “had a clean break”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 18–19.

With respect, this argument is flawed because even the husband himself
acknowledges that subsequent to June 2009, he “paid for ... the rent for the
[wife] and the children, the living expenses of the children, the [wife’s]
household expenses and gave a maintenance sum of $1,200 to the [wife] …”. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 19(d).

These acts, as in Oh Choon (see [30] above), in fact demonstrate that “there
was a continuous (albeit clearly attenuated) relationship between the parties
throughout” (Oh Choon at [12]). It was not one where parties had a clean break
and severed all contact whatsoever after they separated.

40 Further, as the wife points out, the facts that the husband relies on are
the ordinary factual concomitants of a failed marriage. If the husband’s
argument is accepted, then in almost every divorce the operative date will be
that of the parties’ separation. That, with respect, confuses the factual
position with the position at law, which regards the parties as being in a
subsisting legal union even though that union may have undergone factual
disintegration.

41 The Judge, on the other hand, chose the date of the commencement of
ancillary proceedings because the wife continued to care for the children even
after the grant of interim judgment. This enabled the husband to focus on his
work and obtain the salaries and bonuses he received in the intervening period
(we quote again the Judgment at [31]):

31 ... the defendant continued to be responsible for the welfare of the
children even after the breakdown of the marriage and Interim Judgment which,
inter alia, enabled the plaintiff to concentrate on his work and hence
accumulate cash from his salaries and bonuses. ...

42 Like in Tianzon, we think that this is a valid reason for the Judge to
regard the earnings of the husband as being still part of the matrimonial
pool. While the mere fact that the wife looked after the children after the
granting of interim judgment may, in itself, be unexceptional, we emphasise
two further points which, in our view, make the commencement of the ancillary
hearing a fairer operative date. First, the amount of the salary and bonuses
the husband received during the intervening period was tremendous, when
considered in relation to the value of the matrimonial assets. We alluded to
this at [22] above, where we mentioned that the pool of assets grew by
approximately 50% within the short period between the parties’ separation and
the commencement of ancillary proceedings. Second, the wife’s care of the
children and household prior to the granting of interim judgment may well have
been a contributing factor to the husband’s ability to earn and attain the
salary and bonuses that he then received after the granting of interim
judgment. These factors viewed in their totality made it fairer in the
circumstances of this particular case to adopt the later date of the
commencement of ancillary proceedings, 30 June 2012, as the operative date.

43 In departing from the starting point or the default position, we recognise
that the wife’s efforts during this period will also be taken into account
when determining the wife’s indirect contributions. But this in no way amounts
to double-counting as that is a distinct exercise. What is most important at
the end of the day, having determined what is the pool of matrimonial assets,
is to make a division which will achieve a just and equitable outcome having
regard to both the financial and non-financial contributions of the parties
and all the circumstances as set out in s 112 of the Women’s Charter. It is
true that during the post-interim judgment period the wife continued to
receive support from the husband who continued to pay for the rent of the
matrimonial home needed by the wife and children as well as the wife’s and
children’s other expenses. But nothing in this alters the fact as to what
ought to be regarded as matrimonial assets.

Whether the Turunc property should be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets

The decision below

44 The husband argued that the Turunc property, which is situated in Turkey
and valued at $70,357.50, belonged to his mother and should not be included in
the pool of matrimonial assets. He produced a Turkish title deed which
appeared to indicate that his mother was the registered owner of the property
(the Judgment at [32]). The wife argued that the Turunc property was a
matrimonial asset that the parties had purchased through the husband’s mother.
The wife produced mortgage documents and bank statements showing that she had
transferred substantial sums of money to the husband’s mother at or around the
period that the Turunc property was purchased (the Judgment at [33]).

45 The Judge preferred the wife’s position because of the documentary evidence
which she produced. The Judge held that the Turunc property formed part of the
matrimonial assets for division.

The parties’ cases on appeal

46 The husband maintains his position that the Turunc property belongs to his
mother. The husband says that the amount and timing of the transfers of money
from the wife to his mother do not coincide with the purchase price and date
of the Turunc property. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 99.

He also relies on alleged contradictions in the wife’s affidavits which show
that the wife is “not a credible witness”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 101–103.

Our decision

47 In our judgment, there is no basis for interfering with the Judge’s
decision to include the Turunc property in the pool of matrimonial assets. The
wife has produced credible documentary evidence that corroborates her account
that she mortgaged a property in London belonging to her to purchase a holiday
home in Turkey. She has also produced documentary evidence that she
transferred substantial sums of money to the husband’s mother during that
period. The contemporaneous documentation shows that:

(a) In January 2003, the wife mortgaged her London property to take out a loan
of £40,000, which was indicated to be for the “PURCHASE OF HOLIDAY HOME /
FURNISHING IT + PAYING OFF AMOUNTS ABOVE”.. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SCB at pp 3–4.

(b) On 10 February 2003, £40,000 was credited into the parties’ NatWest
account. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROA vol 3 part 2 at p 257.

(c) On 13 February 2003, £20,036 was transferred from the NatWest account to
the husband’s mother. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROA vol 3 part 2 at p 258.

(d) On 16 July 2004, £10,000 was withdrawn from the NatWest account. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROA vol 3 part 2 at p 259.

The wife claims that this money was taken to Turkey when the family went on
holiday. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

SCB at pp 1–2, para 99.

(e) On 14 July 2005, £26,000 was transferred from the NatWest account to the
husband’s mother. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROA vol 3 part 2 at p 260.

48 The husband, on the other hand, has produced a document that bears his
mother’s name and the date “22/06/2004”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROA vol 3 part 1 at p 121.

The rest of the document is in Turkish. He claims that it is a title deed
indicating that his mother is the owner of the Turunc property and that it was
acquired on 22 June 2004. He also claims that the document was translated at
the Consular Section of the Embassy of the Republic of Turkey in Singapore,
but has not furnished that translation. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2014 at para 94.

49 Even if we accept the husband’s position that the document indicates his
mother is the owner of the Turunc property, that is not inconsistent with the
wife’s position that their holiday home was purchased by the mother and held
in her name. The husband has not given any other plausible explanation for the
transfers of large sums of money from the NatWest account to his mother at or
around the time the Turunc property was purchased. In the circumstances, we do
not think it is wrong to include the Turunc property in the pool of
matrimonial assets.

Whether an equal division of the pool of matrimonial assets is just and
equitable

The decision below

50 The parties agreed that the ratio of their total incomes during the
subsistence of the marriage could be taken to represent their respective
financial contributions to the marriage (the Judgment at [54]). The ratio of
their total incomes was 73:27 in favour of the husband. The Judge noted that
it was not surprising that the wife had provided such a substantial amount of
financial contributions. The wife had been employed full-time for nine out of
the 16 years of marriage (the Judgment at [49]).

51 The Judge concluded that an equal division of the matrimonial assets was
just and equitable in the circumstances of the case (the Judgment at [59]).
The Judge was satisfied that the wife contributed to the household and welfare
of the children, especially given the frequent absence of the father (the
Judgment at [56]). While the wife had to be given some credit for helping the
husband to improve himself in the early years of the marriage, beyond a
certain point, the husband’s success had to be attributed to his own ability
and drive (the Judgment at [57]). The Judge also gave the wife recognition for
uprooting from London to move to Asia so that the family could be together.
The Judge took into account the wife’s age, the fact that they were exiting a
16-year marriage, and also that she would unlikely have the opportunity to
save for retirement (the Judgment at [58]).

The parties’ cases on appeal

52 The husband argues that the wife should only be entitled to 30% of the
matrimonial assets. He raises five arguments in support of this. First, the
Judge failed to consider the “incontrovertible” evidence that the wife had
withdrawn $100,000 from the parties’ joint accounts in 2008. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 64–65.

(We deal with this argument in a separate section at [71]–[78] below.) Second,
the Judge was wrong to ignore the evidence which showed that the wife was “an
absent wife, mother and homemaker”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 66–76.

Third, the Judge was incorrect to find that the wife had stopped working to
focus on the family. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 77.

She stopped work only because she was made redundant and could not find
employment thereafter. Fourth, the Judge placed undue emphasis on the wife’s
contributions in the early years of the marriage. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 79–80.

Fifth, the Judge placed undue emphasis on the respondent’s age. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 82–91.

53 The wife argues in response that the equal division is consistent with the
case law on long marriages where the wife has contributed financially and non-
financially to the family. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 50–51.

She puts forward three further arguments. First, the ratio of her financial
contributions should be increased to 65:35 up from the ratio of 73:27 that was
adopted by the Judge (and which the wife had agreed to in the court below). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 53–55.

Second, the Judge’s decision is consistent with this court’s decision in ANJ v
ANK which introduced a “structured” approach to the division of matrimonial
assets. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 56–60.

Third, an adverse inference should be drawn against the husband for his
refusal to disclose information relating to his superannuation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 61–79.

(We deal with this third argument also in a separate section at [79]–[86]
below.)

Our decision

54 Section 112 of the Women’s Charter is the legislative anchor for the
court’s statutory power to divide matrimonial property. The court is required
to do so in proportions that it thinks “just and equitable” (s 112(1) of the
Women’s Charter). It should consider “all the circumstances of the case”,
including parties’ financial contributions, the needs of the children,
contributions to the welfare of the family, and the factors referred to in s
114(1) of the Women’s Charter insofar as they are relevant (s 112(2) of the
Women’s Charter).

55 In ANJ v ANK, we emphasised that both financial and non-financial
contributions should be considered. We suggested a three-step framework for
dealing with the division of matrimonial assets (ANJ v ANK at [22]). First, a
ratio had to be ascribed to the parties’ direct contributions, having regard
to the financial contributions made towards the acquisition and improvement of
matrimonial assets. Second, a ratio had to be ascribed to the parties’
indirect contributions, in respect of the non-financial or indirect financial
contributions of the parties. Third, these two ratios had to be averaged
against each other to derive an “average percentage”. At none of these stages
is the exercise a mathematical or mechanistic one. Ascertaining the parties’
direct financial contributions requires “rough and ready approximation” (ANJ v
ANK at [23]). Determining the parties’ indirect contributions is all the more
so an exercise in “broad strokes” (ANJ v ANK at [24]). Even at the third stage
of averaging the ratios, the weight to be accorded to each ratio need not
necessarily be equal. Circumstances could shift the average in favour of one
ratio over the other. These include the length of the marriage, the size of
the matrimonial pool, and the extent and nature of indirect contributions (ANJ
v ANK at [27]). In the present case, our ensuing discussion on the parties’
indirect contributions centres on their respective non-financial
contributions.

(1) The first stage: ratio of financial contributions

56 The ratio of the parties’ total incomes, which they have accepted represent
their financial contributions to the marriage, had been agreed to be 73:27. We
cannot see any basis on which she could now contend that their financial
contributions should be adjusted to 65:35 (see [53] above).

(2) The second stage: ratio of non-financial contributions

57 At the second stage, the wife argues that the ratio of the indirect
contributions should be 30:70 in her favour. She relies on the following
facts:

(a) She supported the husband in the early years of the marriage; she paid for
his passage to England and his education; she was the sole breadwinner for the
first few years.

(b) She gave up her career to be a homemaker in order to look after the
children; she uprooted from England and moved with the husband when he was
posted to Asia, so as to keep the family together.

(c) As a homemaker, she spent her time looking after the household and the
children, albeit with the help of the maid. Her efforts at home were further
intensified because the husband travelled frequently and was away for about
40–45% of the time.

58 The husband argues that the ratio of the parties’ indirect contributions
should be equal, for the following reasons:

(a) The wife was only a homemaker for six of the 15 years of marriage. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at para 27(a).

(b) The husband would have had higher indirect contributions during the first
few years of the marriage since he was studying and working part-time. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at para 27(b).

(c) The wife relied on full-time domestic helpers and the husband to carry out
household chores. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at para 27(d).

(d) The wife was an “absent wife, mother and homemaker”. She was depressed, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 68.

controlling 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 70.

and tardy in paying bills. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 71.

She did not take proper care of the children. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 72.

She also did not keep the household in order. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 73.

She was more engrossed in “shopping, travelling, going to Starbucks cafés and
doing nothing on a daily basis”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at para 27(e).

The label “homemaker” was a “pure façade”.

59 We find it hard to accept the husband’s contentions for three reasons.
First, the husband’s case in respect of the wife’s indirect contributions has
been a negative one from the outset. His affidavits filed in the ancillary
matters and his arguments (both in the court below and before this court)
sought to undermine the wife’s alleged non-financial contributions “instead of
dealing with his own indirect contributions” (the Judgment at [50]). His five
affidavits on the ancillary matters are threadbare in respect of his non-
financial contributions, even though they rely on the fact that he supported
the family financially. Even in his Appellant’s Case, there are only isolated
instances of his own non-financial contributions. It is only in his
Appellant’s Reply that he belatedly claims that “the evidence shows that [he]
played an active role in the family and his indirect contributions were
substantial, if not more than the [w]ife’s” despite his frequent travel for
work. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at para 27(f).

The reference given for this “evidence” is, surprisingly, to passages in his
Appellant’s Case, which attack the wife’s alleged non-financial contributions
instead of propping up his own. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 66–76.

60 Second, the husband has not proffered any reasons why this court should
reject the Judge’s findings and accept his evidence on appeal. His allegations
that the wife was not a supporting wife, mother, or that she was a poor
manager of the household were considered squarely by the Judge (the Judgment
at [50]–[52]) and rejected (the Judgment at [56]). It is trite that there is a
presumption that the decision appealed against is correct (Lee Bee Kim
Jennifer v Lim Yew Khang Cecil [2005] SGHC 209 at [14], cited with approval by
this court in Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA 21 at [46]), and it is
incumbent on the husband to show why we should reject the finding made by the
Judge.

61 Third, the evidence instead suggests that the wife had made sacrifices for
the family and contributed indirectly to the household and the welfare of the
children. Despite the husband’s protestations to the contrary, the wife’s
decision to stop work and be a full-time homemaker must have been a conscious,
if not deliberate one, rather than one brought about entirely by circumstance.
The wife held a senior banking position when she was made redundant in 2003.
There is nothing which shows that the wife would not have been able to find a
job had she tried. Further, the wife relocated from England to Asia in 2003
and twice more within Asia between 2003 and 2008. Each relocation was driven
by the demands of the husband’s career; the wife subordinated her interests
and career to allow the husband to pursue his. It is evident that the family
had made a decision to prioritise the husband’s career. The Judge also
acknowledged the wife’s participation in the children’s school-related
activities (the Judgment at [56]). 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Wife’s 3rd AM affidavit at para 184; ROP vol 3 part 2 at pp 140–141.

All of these factors point in favour of the wife having contributed non-
financially towards the marriage, family and household. She spent time raising
the children; she freed up time for the husband to devote to his career; she
allowed her interests to take a backseat and followed the husband wherever he
was posted.

62 In view of these circumstances, the ratio of the parties’ non-financial
contributions should be 30:70 in favour of the wife. This appears to be the
ratio which the Judge had adopted, since she made an equal division. This
ratio is not overly generous to the wife. In ANJ v ANK, we held that the ratio
of indirect contributions was 40:60 for the husband and wife respectively in a
nine-year marriage with two children, where both spouses were employed full-
time throughout the course of the entire marriage.

(3) The third stage: determination of the average percentage

63 This takes us to the third and final stage, the averaging of both ratios. A
straightforward mathematical average ascribing equal weight to both financial
and non-financial contributions will produce the following result:

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Direct contributions | 73%| 27%  
Indirect contributions| 30%| 70%  
Average ratio of contributions| 51.5 (103/2)| 48.5 (97/2)  
  
But a straightforward mathematical average is not necessarily the rule (ANJ v
ANK at [27]). The “average ratio” may be moderated by a multitude of other
circumstances, including the length of the marriage, the size of the
matrimonial assets, and the extent and nature of non-financial contributions.

64 The husband argues that such circumstances are present, and that the
average ratio should be weighted in favour of financial contributions and
against non-financial contributions in the ratio 86:14. With respect, we find
this suggested ratio absurd. The circumstances that the husband relies on, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at paras 38–59.

comprise almost exclusively the factors that he relies on in the second stage
of the ANJ v ANK analysis, which he used to justify a reduction in the ratio
of the wife’s non-financial contributions (see [58] above). The only novel
circumstance that the husband raises is that the “pool of matrimonial assets
was accrued by the [h]usband’s responsible frugal lifestyle and exceptional
individual efforts”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellant’s Reply in CA 5/2015 at paras 46–49.

He bases this argument on our observations in ANJ v ANK, where we cited (at
[27(b)]) Yeo Chong Lin as an example of this.

65 It suffices to say that the facts of Yeo Chong Lin differ markedly from
those at present. The pool of assets in Yeo Chong Lin was in excess of $100m
when initially assessed in the High Court and the husband, who came from a
poor family, had built up that fortune almost single-handedly through his
business. That is unlike the present case where the pool of assets is limited,
and both the husband and the wife contributed substantially to it. The husband
himself acknowledged in the court below that “the [wife’s] primary direct
contributions, which were made in the early part of the marriage, were in
appreciating assets (the Glasgow and Turkish Properties)” (the Judgment at
[42]). The Glasgow and Turkish properties together are worth about $485,750
$485,749, which is approximately a third of the entire pool of matrimonial
assets.

66 In our judgment, therefore, approximately equal weight should be accorded
to the ratios of the parties’ financial and non-financial contributions. Since
that will result in a ratio of 103:97 which deviates only slightly from the
equal division that the Judge ordered, we will not interfere with her decision
on this point.

(4) Two final points

67 There are two final points, one raised by each party, which are relevant to
the division of the matrimonial assets.

68 The first concerns the wife’s alleged unauthorised withdrawal and
dissipation of funds from the parties’ joint savings bank account, which we
alluded to at [52] above. The husband argues that $100,000 should be
notionally restored to the pool of matrimonial assets to account for this
dissipation.

69 The second concerns the husband’s alleged non-disclosure of documents
relating to his superannuation or pension, which we also alluded to at [53]
above. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 61.

The wife argues that an adverse inference should be drawn against him for non-
disclosure. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at para 67.

70 Arguments were made on both these points at the hearing of the appeals on
22 October 2015. We adjourned the hearing for parties to file further
affidavits and submissions addressing these specific issues (we refer to these
as the husband’s and wife’s “further affidavit” and “further submissions”
respectively). In our judgment, based on the further evidence that the parties
have put forward, both these points are without merit. We therefore reject the
husband’s argument that $100,000 should be notionally restored to the pool of
matrimonial assets. We also reject the wife’s argument that an adverse
inference should be drawn against the husband for his alleged non-disclosure
of a superannuation entitlement.

(I) The wife’s alleged withdrawal and dissipation of $100,000 from the
parties’ joint account

71 The husband argues that the Judge erred by failing to consider at all the
wife’s unauthorised withdrawal of $100,000 from their joint account in January
2008, which the wife then deposited in her POSB MySavings Account No XXX-
XXX01-9 (“the POSB Account”). He also alleges that the amounts in the POSB
account were dissipated by the wife thereafter. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 64–65.

72 The husband first made this allegation in his affidavit dated 30 March
2012. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROA vol 2 part 3 at p 157.

He said that the wife withdrew the money from the joint account without his
knowledge. He only discovered that the money was missing in June 2009 when the
wife told him she had withdrawn it. He relied on a bank statement that
indicates a withdrawal of $100,000 from the parties’ joint account on 23
January 2008. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROA vol 2 part 5 at p 132.

73 The wife responded in her affidavit dated 18 April 2012. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

ROA vol 2 part 3 at p 126–127.

The explanation she gave in that affidavit is largely consistent with the
position taken in the wife’s further affidavit, which explains her withdrawal
and dissipation of the $100,000 as follows: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wife’s further affidavit at para 3.

(a) Both parties in January 2008 agreed to transfer $100,000 from their joint
account to a POSB MySavings account which yielded higher interest. The account
was registered in the wife’s sole name because the husband was travelling and
did not have time to sign the account-opening forms.

(b) The husband had, on numerous occasions, withdrawn money from their joint
account after January 2008. He would have been aware of the removal of
$100,000 from the joint account. “Since [the husband] did not complain about
it, it could only mean that he had agreed to the arrangement.” 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Wife’s further affidavit at para 2(c).

(c) After the breakdown of the marriage, the wife was “[l]eft with no option
short of applying to the courts for interim maintenance against an absent
spouse”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Wife’s further affidavit at para 2(f).

She thus drew down on the sum in the POSB Account to supplement the sum of
$1,200 that the husband was paying her for monthly maintenance.

74 We prefer the wife’s explanation on how the $100,000 was transferred and
then expended. At the time immediately prior to the withdrawal of the
$100,000, the parties’ joint account contained $155,378.05. The withdrawal of
$100,000 would thus have removed a very substantial portion of the money from
the account. The bank statements also indicate frequent (almost daily) cash
payments and withdrawals from that joint account, which corroborates the
wife’s position that it was in active use by the husband. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROA vol 2 part 5 at p 132–133.

It therefore could not have escaped the husband’s attention that such a
substantial portion of the money in the joint account had been removed
overnight. This undermines the husband’s position that he was not even aware
of the wife’s withdrawal of $100,000, and that he only discovered it when the
wife admitted to doing so in June 2009.

75 We turn next to address the amount that the wife withdrew from the POSB
Account over the relevant period. The balance in the POSB Account was
$106,375.72 in June 2009, when the relationship broke down. As at the
operative date (ie, when the ancillary matters proceedings commenced, on 30
June 2012), the POSB Account had been closed and there was therefore no longer
a cash balance. Assuming the wife had applied the full amount in the POSB
Account to her expenses, as she claimed, she would have spent the entire
balance of $106,375.72 over the span of 36 months (between June 2009 and June
2012). This works out to approximately $2,954.88 per month. This does not
appear to be unduly excessive in terms of her expenses in view of the fact
that the husband was only paying her maintenance of $1,200 per month during
that period.

76 The husband argues that the bank statements for the POSB account indicate
that the wife only began withdrawing money from it in January 2010. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Husband’s further affidavit at para 37.

The husband therefore says that the wife withdrew approximately $4,249.06
every month between 27 January 2010, the date of first withdrawal and 4
November 2010, nine days after the grant of interim judgment. The husband says
that this amount is unreasonable in view of the fact that he had been paying
for the wife’s and children’s rent and certain expenses. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Husband’s further submissions at paras 13–14.

If the wife needed additional money she should have applied for interim
maintenance rather than draw down on the POSB Account. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Husband’s further submissions at para 15.

77 While it is true that the wife’s withdrawals from the POSB Account began
only in January 2010, 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROA vol 2 part 1 at pp 230–236.

in our judgment, the cumulative sum of money should be considered over the
entire period of 36 months between the breakdown of the marriage and the
operative date, namely, the commencement of ancillary proceedings. Further,
from the bank statements that were made available to us, the pattern of the
wife’s withdrawals indeed suggests that she used the money for expenditure,
rather than to syphon the money away to conceal it. There was a substantial
period of time between the wife’s removal of the $100,000 from the parties’
joint accounts in January 2008, and when she first began drawing down on the
account in January 2010. If she had planned to hide the money, she had ample
time to do so. Moreover, the withdrawals from the POSB account were also
staggered and in relatively small amounts, rather than large withdrawals over
a few tranches.

78 In our judgment, therefore, the withdrawal of the $100,000 from the
parties’ joint account, as well as the wife’s expenditure of it, has been
adequately accounted for by the wife. We therefore rejected the husband’s
argument that an adverse inference should be drawn against her for non-
disclosure.

(II) The husband’s alleged non-disclosure of a superannuation entitlement

79 The question of the husband’s superannuation entitlement only arose after
the Judgment was handed down. This issue will require us to address and
explain in some detail the correspondence between the parties prior to the
hearing of the appeals on 22 October 2015.

80 On 9 June 2015, the wife wrote to the husband through their solicitors
stating that the husband, “by virtue of his employment with IMA, is entitled
to superannuation”. She requested for him to “reveal the details of his
superannuation within the next 7 days”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at p 41.

The husband responded the following day rejecting the request, but stated that
the rejection did “not constitute acknowledgment of the existence or non-
existence of the requested documents”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at p 43.

81 The wife replied on 11 June 2015 stating that the husband was being
“evasive” and asked again for information relating to the husband’s
superannuation entitlement. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 5/2015 at p 46.

The husband’s position was that his “supposed entitlement to superannuation”
as an employee of IMA was a matter which occurred before the Judge’s decision
was made and was therefore inadmissible under the Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR
1489 (“Ladd v Marshall”) principles.

82 The husband’s counsel was, however, quick to distance himself from that
position at the oral hearing on 22 October 2015, and rightly so. The
principles in Ladd v Marshall are no answer to the non-disclosure of a
relevant piece of information or evidence that a party is duty-bound to
disclose. The husband’s counsel said that the husband was willing to furnish
the requisite information if he was given time.

83 The husband’s further affidavit exhibits two letters from IMA. Both are on
IMA’s letterhead and endorsed with IMA’s company stamp. The first is dated 28
October 2015 and signed off by an employee from IMA Payroll. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Husband’s further affidavit at p 24.

The letter confirms that the husband is not entitled to any superannuation sum
from IMA. The letter states as follows:

The above referenced individual has been an employee with [IMA] since August
2, 1999. During the course of his employment with the respective offices of
[IMA] (in London, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Singapore), [the husband] has not
received or become entitled to superannuation or any pension or provident fund
benefits save for (a) Central Provident Fund (CPF) contributions when he was
working with [IMA] Singapore from November 8, 2006 to July 6, 2014 and (b)
contributions under the Mandatory Provident Fund (MPF) in Hong Kong since he
joined the [IMA] Hong Kong office on 7 July 2014.

If you should require any information regarding the above-mentioned, feel free
to contact the undersigned or IMA payroll department …

The second letter is dated 27 October 2015 and signed off by another employee,
also from IMA Payroll. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Husband’s further affidavit at p 26.

This letter gives a breakdown of the husband’s entitlement under Hong Kong’s
Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) scheme.

84 These letters put to rest any allegation of the husband’s failure to
disclose a superannuation entitlement. They are clear and reliable evidence
that the husband is only entitled to his CPF contributions in Singapore (which
were disclosed and was before the Judge); and his MPF contributions in Hong
Kong (which are irrelevant because they only accrued to the husband after the
operative date).

85 The wife argues that the provenance of the letters is suspect because: 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Wife’s further submissions at para 2.

(a) the husband was “cagey”; (b) IMA’s website “proudly proclaim[s]” that its
employees are entitled to pension payments; (c) the husband has every
incentive to lie about the superannuation entitlement; (d) the designations of
the signatories of the letters are not clear; (e) there is no explanation why
two letters are necessary; (f) both letters are identically-worded though
written by different people; (g) the answer (regarding the superannuation
entitlement) would lie in the husband’s contract of employment, which has not
been disclosed; and (h) the husband has refused to provide originals of the
letters from IMA but instead only provided certified true copies of them.

86 These arguments are, in our judgment, entirely speculative. There is no
reason to doubt the genuineness of the two letters from IMA or the veracity of
the statements they contain. We reject the wife’s argument that an adverse
inference should be drawn against the husband for non-disclosure.

Conclusion on issues relating to the division of matrimonial assets

87 In summary, we: (a) do not disturb the Judge’s finding on the operative
date for determining the pool of matrimonial assets; (b) do not disturb the
Judge’s division of that pool of assets; and (c) reject both the husband’s and
the wife’s arguments that adverse inferences should be drawn against the other
party in respect of the $100,000 withdrawn by the wife from their joint
account or the husband’s superannuation entitlement. Accordingly, there is no
reason to disturb the Judge’s conclusion on the division of matrimonial
assets, and the orders which she made to give effect to that division.

Issues relating to the maintenance for the wife and children

The decision below

88 Before the Judge, the wife initially claimed for monthly maintenance of
$18,308, which fell into three categories: household expenses; personal
expenses; and holiday expenses (the Judgment at [65]). She also asked that the
husband provide her with a car and a supplementary credit card for any medical
emergencies for the children (the Judgment at [66]). The wife subsequently
reduced her claim for maintenance to an aggregate sum of $11,000 monthly.

89 The husband’s position was that the wife should only be entitled to
maintenance of $3,700 monthly (the Judgment at [68]). The husband was,
however, willing to pay for the children’s expenses, including: (a) the school
and boarding fees (which amounted to $7,250), and other school-related
expenses; (b) medical insurance; and (c) monthly pocket money (about $400 in
total).

90 The Judge awarded the wife monthly maintenance of $7,700. Of this, $4,700
was for the rent of the matrimonial home that the wife was residing in with
the children (the Judgment at [77]). The remaining $3,000 was for her
personal, household and children’s expenses (the Judgment at [78]). The Judge
said that it was incumbent upon the wife to find full-time employment to
defray her personal expenses. The Judge also ordered the husband to pay for
the children’s school fees, medical insurance and pocket money, as he had
volunteered to.

The parties’ cases on appeal

91 In this appeal, the wife seeks an increase in the monthly maintenance to
$10,200. This comprises (a) $4,500 for her personal and household expenses (up
from the $3,000 that the Judge granted); (b) $1,000 for holiday expenses; and
(c) $4,700 for rent.

92 The husband, however, argues that the maintenance payable to the wife
should be reduced to $5,000 monthly. First, the components of the wife’s
revised table of personal and household expenses are “[u]nreasonable ... and
an arbitrary sum with no supporting documents”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Respondent’s Case in CA 3/2015 at paras 47–55.

Second, the Judge did not take into account his ability to pay maintenance. He
claims that after deducting all his payment obligations (including
maintenance) he only has $2,909.08 left for himself every month. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 112–113.

Third, the wife has access to undisclosed sources of income and also stands in
line for a sizeable inheritance. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 114–119.

Fourth, the amount the Judge allocated to rent was unjustifiable. The wife has
no need to reside in the four-bedroom semi-detached matrimonial home, which
has a study and a garden. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 5/2015 at paras 120–121.

She effectively lives alone because the children are at boarding school and
away most of the time.

Our decision

93 In our judgment, the Judge’s decision on maintenance cannot be faulted. It
struck an appropriate balance between parties’ lifestyles, earning capacities
and expenditure. However, her decision was made on the basis that the two
children were boarding at the international school they were enrolled in. The
children have since ceased boarding, and this change in circumstances
necessitates adjustments to the Judge’s orders.

94 We will first address the parties’ arguments as to whether the Judge’s
original maintenance order was appropriate in the circumstances of the case.
We will then address the adjustments that should be made to the Judge’s order
in the light of the parties’ revised expenses, following from the children
ceasing to board at the international school they are enrolled at.

Whether the Judge’s maintenance order was reasonable in the circumstances

95 Section 114(1) of the Women’s Charter is the statutory directive for the
court to have regard to “all the circumstances of the case” when determining
maintenance. These circumstances include the parties’ income and assets,
present and anticipated financial position, standard of living during the
marriage, age, and contributions to the marriage. The court must endeavour, as
far as is practicable, to place the parties “in the financial position in
which they would have been if the marriage had not broken down”, (s 114(2) of
the Women’s Charter). This is done in a “commonsense holistic manner” in step
with the “new realities that follow a failed marriage” (NI v NJ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 75 at [16]).

96 The objective of a maintenance order made under s 114(1) of the Women’s
Charter is to provide the wife with “a fair share of the surplus wealth that
had been acquired by the spouses during the subsistence of the marriage” (Foo
Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow [2012] 2 SLR 506 at [22], citing with approval Leong
Wai Kum, Elements of Family Law in Singapore (LexisNexis, 2007) at p 476). The
wife is, however, not entitled to expect “a full subsidy for her lifestyle”
(Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 at [93]). She must exert
reasonable efforts to secure gainful employment and sustain her pre-breakdown
lifestyle (Quek Lee Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alias Ho Kian Guan) [1995] SGHC 23 at
[22]).

97 In our judgment, the quantum of maintenance ordered by the Judge was
appropriate in the circumstances, and we see no reason to disturb it. The
figure, viewed at a broad level, and against the husband’s earnings, was
reasonable. The wife currently receives monthly maintenance of $7,700. If her
salary from her part-time job ($2,500) is included, she receives approximately
$10,200 monthly. If she is able to obtain full-time employment in a job which,
for the sake of argument, pays $4,500, this will bring the monthly figure up
to $12,200. This is an eminently comfortable amount for the wife and children,
even from the perspective of her pre-breakdown lifestyle (considering the
children’s school fees, insurance and pocket money is paid for by the
husband). The husband, on the other hand, will have to pay approximately
$7,700 in maintenance, $7,250 for the children’s school fees (the Judgment at
[80(a)]), and $400 for the children’s pocket money (the Judgment at [80(c)]).
This leaves him with $20,650 of his monthly salary, less the children’s
insurance premiums and other expenses.

98 The wife’s argument that her maintenance should be increased because she
will not be able to find a suitable job is nothing more than a self-serving
assertion. She needs to tell us what efforts she has made to secure an
appropriate employment. She argues that she will not be able to get a “banking
job” in her “area of specialization” because of market conditions, her age,
and because she has been out of touch with the industry for a long time. We
think it is unrealistic for the wife to expect to be slotted back into a
comfortable and well-paying investment banking job after such a long hiatus
from the industry. The question is not whether the wife will be able to find
her ideal employment, but rather, whether she can be gainfully employed, and
thus defray her personal expenses instead of being entirely dependent on the
husband.

99 The wife’s argument for the holiday expenses is also unpersuasive. First,
her grounds for advancing the argument are incongruous. On the one hand she
says she needs to return to Scotland annually to keep in touch with her roots;
75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 3/2015 at para 71.

on the other, she says she needs to bring the children on holidays to win
their affection, because the husband is able to do so. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Appellant’s Case in CA 3/2015 at para 73.

Second, if the wife intends to return to Scotland and needs to keep in touch
with her roots or to obtain a holiday, then that is a cost she should bear, by
trimming expenses or earning more.

100 The husband’s arguments for seeking a reduction of the maintenance for the
wife do not fare much better either. He says that the Judge had failed to take
into account his ability to pay maintenance. He contends that after he has met
all his payment obligations, he is left with $2,909 per month for himself. The
calculations he uses to make this point are as follows:

No| Item| Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Salary| $36,000|  
2| Monthly expenses for children| | $14,507  
3| Monthly rent in Hong Kong| | $9,884  
4| Allowance to the husband’s parents| | $1,000  
5| Monthly maintenance to the wife| | $7,700  
Remainder| $2,909|  
  
The figures in the table are suspect. The startling figure for the children’s
monthly expenses in S/No 2 is particularised at Table A in Annex C of the
husband’s Appellant’s Case. Many of these alleged expenses appear
unjustifiable. For example, the husband indicates an annual figure of $2,000
for each son for mobile phone bills. He lists an annual figure of $2,026 for
each son for the purchase of a MacBook Pro laptop. He lists annual school
registration fees of $5,271 for each son. No documentary proof is given for
any of this expenditure, nor is any explanation given to justify these sums,
or why they will recur yearly. No documentary proof is produced for S/No 3,
which is the alleged rent for his Hong Kong flat. Further, the husband’s
arguments on the wife’s undisclosed sources or inheritance of income are
unsubstantiated and speculative.

Adjustments to the Judge’s maintenance order to take into account the changed
circumstances

101 At the hearing of the appeals, it became clear that the Judge’s
maintenance order had to be revised in view of the fact that the children had
ceased boarding. The Judge’s maintenance order was premised on the children
staying in boarding school, which the husband paid for. That was the reason
why the Judge only awarded the wife a minimal sum of maintenance for the
children’s expenses. The alterations to each parties’ expenses as a
consequence of these changed circumstances was a matter on which we asked
parties to address in the further affidavits and submissions that they were
directed to file (see [70] above).

102 The wife’s says her expenses have increased by $1,440 monthly because her
children are now living with her and no longer boarding. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Wife’s further submissions at para 6; wife’s further affidavit at paras 16–18.

103 The husband admits that he now spends only $4,117 monthly on the
children’s school fees because they have ceased boarding, compared to the
previous amount of $7,250 monthly. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Husband’s further affidavit at para 19.

He nonetheless says that there is “no real monetary savings” because he incurs
additional expense travelling to Singapore from Hong Kong to have access to
the children. The parties agreed that when the children were in boarding, the
husband would only have access to them two weekends a month. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Husband’s further affidavit at para 21.

When they are not in boarding, he would have access to them three weekends a
month. This means that he now flies back to Singapore on an additional weekend
every month for access. Because of this additional trip every month, he claims
he incurs the following additional monthly expenses: (a) $1,844.32 on his
flight; (b) $853.34 on his hotel stay; (c) $300–$400 on meals; (d) $200–$300
on transportation and other activities. He further argues that the wife’s
claims for increased expenses are unsubstantiated, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Husband’s further submissions at para 2(b).

and that the wife’s attempt to obtain maintenance for increased expenses is
premature because the children may resume boarding in the next semester. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Husband’s further submissions at para 2(c).

104 In our judgment, the wife should be granted the full additional sum that
she asks for in relation to the children’s expenses. $1,440 is a reasonable
sum for having to look after two growing teenaged children. The husband’s
argument is that the reduction in the children’s school fees is offset by his
other increased expenses. In any event, the husband’s claims of additional
expenses appear to be wildly exaggerated. Further, if the children should
resume boarding, then the husband may make a fresh application for variation
of the maintenance for the children.

105 We thus adjust upwards the Judge’s original monthly maintenance order for
the wife of $7,700 by $1,440 to $9,140.

Conclusion

106 In the result, we dismiss the husband’s appeal and allow the wife’s
appeal. We do not disturb the judge’s finding and orders in relation to the
division of matrimonial assets. In respect of maintenance for the wife and
children, in view of the changed circumstances, the husband shall pay the wife
$9,140 monthly with effect from July 2015. We should add that it was not clear
from the wife’s affidavits, or the husband’s, for that matter, exactly when
the children ceased boarding and started living with the wife. But it appears
to be common ground that the children had stopped boarding by June 2015, and
so, we have decided to order the revised maintenance to commence from July
2015. The husband shall also continue to be responsible for the children’s
school-related expenses and medical insurance.

107 We make no order as to costs.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Quentin Loh  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge

Ong Ying Ping and K Manickam (East Asia Law Corporation) for the appellant in
Civil Appeal No 3 of 2015 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No 5 of 2015;  
Wong Hin Pkin Wendell, Eoon Zizhen Benedict and Goh Mei Shi Valerie (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 3 of 2015 and the appellant
in Civil Appeal No 5 of 2015.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

