Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 286

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9179 of 2015/01

Between

Ng Jun Xian  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9179 of 2015/02

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Ng Jun Xian  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual
assault by penetration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Jun Xian

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2016] SGHC 286

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9179 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
29 June, 5 July 2016

29 December 2016

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 These were cross-appeals against the sentence imposed on the offender, Ng
Jun Xian, for various offences, including an offence of sexually assaulting a
23-year old female by way of penetration under s 376(2)(a) punishable under s
376(3) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the sexual assault charge”).
The offender appealed on the basis that a term of reformative training was
more appropriate, while the Prosecution argued that the sentence of seven
years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane imposed by the learned
District Judge for the sexual assault charge was manifestly inadequate and
that a sentence of nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane should
have been meted out instead.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the offender’s appeal
and allowed the Prosecution’s appeal, enhancing the sentence for the sexual
assault charge to eight years and six months’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane. I gave brief reasons orally for my decision at the hearing on 5 July
2016, and I now set out my full grounds so as to cover several issues that
were raised in the course of the appeals.

Background

The charges

3 The offender pleaded guilty to the following three charges before the
District Judge on 12 August 2015, a day before he turned 21 years old:

(a) the sexual assault charge;

(b) a charge of attempted rape under s 375(1)(a) punishable under s 375(2) and
s 511 of the Penal Code (“the attempted rape charge”); and

(c) a charge of riotous behaviour under s 20 of the Miscellaneous Offences
(Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the riotous behaviour
charge”).

Additionally, the offender consented to two further charges being taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing. These two charges were a charge
of outrage of modesty under s 354(1) of the Penal Code (“the outrage of
modesty charge”) and a charge of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the
Penal Code (“the VCH charge”). All the charges except the riotous behaviour
charge concerned the same victim.

4 The District Judge sentenced the offender to (a) seven years’ imprisonment
and three strokes of the cane for the sexual assault charge; (b) four years’
imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for the attempted rape charge; and
(c) two weeks’ imprisonment for the riotous behaviour charge. The District
Judge ordered the sentence for the sexual assault charge and the riotous
behaviour charge to run consecutively, making the total sentence seven years
and two weeks’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. The appeals concerned
only the sentence for the sexual assault charge.

The facts

5 The offender was 20 years old and was serving national service at the time
of the offences, which took place in November 2014. He admitted to the
Statement of Facts (“SOF”) without qualification at the time he pleaded
guilty.

6 According to the SOF, the victim is a 23-year old female from Taiwan. At the
material time, she was a tourist on a social visit pass, and was in Singapore
to visit her boyfriend.

7 The offender and the victim first met while they were drinking with their
respective friends in a club located along Orchard Road (“the Club”). They
exchanged telephone numbers. A few weeks later, on 8 November 2014, the
offender sent the victim a text message sometime before 2.30am and asked to
meet her at the Club. The victim agreed and proceeded to the Club to meet the
offender and his friend, Ng Chee Ngee (“Ng”).

8 The three of them had some drinks at the Club until about 4am, when the
victim said that she wanted to return to the hostel that she was staying at.
The offender offered to send her to a hotel instead so that she may rest
there. The victim initially hesitated but eventually obliged after the
offender assured her that she would be left alone in the hotel room to sleep.

9 Thereafter, the victim, the offender and Ng left in a taxi for the hotel,
located at Lavender Street. When they arrived at the hotel, the offender told
Ng to wait at the lobby while he went up to the hotel room with the victim.
When the offender and the victim reached the hotel room, the victim lay on the
bed and asked the offender to leave because she wanted to rest. The offender
did not leave, but tried to kiss her on the lips. The victim was shocked and
bit his lip in response. The offender also touched the victim’s buttocks
twice, and pushed the victim onto the bed before forcefully taking off her
brassiere and squeezing her left breast.

10 The victim put up a hard struggle and kept shouting “bu yao, bu yao, bie
peng wo” in Mandarin, translated as “don’t want, don’t want, don’t touch me”.
During the struggle, the victim also bit various parts of the offender’s body.
The victim’s cries were heard by Ng, who proceeded to the hotel room after
smoking outside the hotel. Ng repeatedly knocked on the room door and shouted
the offender’s name but there was no response from the offender.

11 The offender tried to cover the victim’s mouth with his hand and sat on top
of her in order to prevent her from escaping. Thereafter, he turned the
victim’s body around such that she lay face down on the bed. He continued his
assault by grabbing her waist and forcefully pulling down her pants and
panties, before using the index and middle fingers of his left hand to
penetrate the victim’s vagina two to three times. He then unzipped his jeans
and attempted to insert his penis into the victim’s vagina with a view to
having non-consensual sexual intercourse with her. The victim felt the
offender’s penis rubbing and thrusting towards the outside of her vagina from
the back, but he did not successfully penetrate her with his penis.

12 The victim continued struggling and eventually managed to push the offender
off the bed. As a result of the struggle, the victim suffered several bruises
on her hands, face, arms and legs. After she broke free, she ran towards the
door in an attempt to escape. The offender caught her before she managed to do
so, and slapped her hard on her left cheek. The victim felt giddy, and was
pushed onto the bed by the offender. They continued struggling until the
victim managed to grab hold of a coffee cup and threw it at him.

13 Shortly after this, the offender stopped struggling with her and suddenly
knelt down and apologised to her. The victim took this opportunity to escape
after putting on her clothes. The hotel staff at the lobby saw the victim
coming out of the lift alone and noticed that she was crying and that her face
was red and swollen. That same morning, at about 8.29am, the victim lodged a
police report about the incident. The offender was arrested later that day,
and was charged with the sexual assault charge, the attempted rape charge, the
outrage of modesty charge and the VCH charge.

14 The victim was examined at KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital on the same
day, and was found to have sustained the following injuries:

(a) bruising over her left cheek;

(b) a chipped left front tooth;

(c) a 4-cm cut over her left upper arm;

(d) skin excoriation (chafing) on her fourth interphalangeal joint (her
finger); and

(e) bluish discolouration on her shins and her left knee.

15 Two weeks later, on 22 November 2014, the offender was arrested for the
riotous behaviour charge. The offender and some of his friends got into a
fight with another group of patrons at about 12.10am while they were drinking
at JD Pub, located at Golden Mile Complex. The offender behaved in a riotous
manner by throwing a chair at one of his opponents and punching another
person.

The proceedings below

16 The sexual assault charge and the attempted rape charge involved offences
that are ordinarily triable in the High Court (pursuant to the First Schedule
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)). The
offender did not object to the Prosecution’s application under s 9(3) of the
CPC for the matter to be tried in the District Court. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

[5] of the Grounds of Decision.

17 The offender pleaded guilty and was convicted of the charges on 12 August
2015, a day before he turned 21. He was thus still eligible for reformative
training pursuant to s 305(1)(a) of the CPC. On the request of counsel for the
offender and in spite of the Prosecution’s objection, the District Judge
called for a reformative training suitability report. The report that was
eventually prepared by the prison authorities reflected that the offender was
suitable for reformative training. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Bundle at p 119.

The parties’ submissions on sentence

18 The Prosecution submitted that reformative training was not an appropriate
or sufficiently severe sentence given the nature of the offences and the need
for deterrence. The Prosecution further highlighted the offender’s pattern of
criminality, pointing out that (a) the offender had reoffended and committed
the riotous behaviour offence while on bail; and that (b) he had antecedents,
one of which involved violence. The details of the offender’s antecedents can
be summarised as follows:

(a) Slightly more than four years before the present offences, in May 2010,
the offender was convicted of a charge of robbery with common intention under
s 392 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. A further charge of theft with common
intention under s 379 read with s 34 of the Penal Code was taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The offender was 15 years old
then. He was sentenced to a term of 24 months’ probation with conditions
imposed.

(b) Slightly less than half a year before the present offences, in June 2014,
the offender, who was then 19 years old, was convicted of a charge of cheating
and dishonestly inducing the delivery of property under s 420 of the Penal
Code and a further charge of dishonest misappropriation of the property of the
Singapore Armed Forces (“SAF”) under s 43(a) of the Singapore Armed Forces Act
(Cap 295, 2000 Rev Ed). He was court-martialled and sentenced to four weeks’
military detention for the offences.

19 For the above reasons, the Prosecution submitted that the court should
impose the following sentences:

(a) four years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane for the attempted
rape charge;

(b) nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the sexual
assault charge; and

(c) two to three weeks’ imprisonment for the riotous behaviour charge.

The Prosecution urged the court to order the sentences for the sexual assault
charge and the riotous behaviour charge to run consecutively, and that for the
attempted rape charge to run concurrently. Consequently, the total sentence
would be nine years and two or three weeks’ imprisonment and ten strokes of
the cane.

20 Counsel for the offender urged the District Judge to impose a term of
reformative training instead of imprisonment. Counsel emphasised that
rehabilitation ought to be the paramount sentencing principle in the light of
the offender’s young age. Apart from this, counsel highlighted the background
of the offender, and asked that the court accord mitigating weight to the
following factors: (a) his early plea of guilt; (b) his willingness to
cooperate with the police; (c) his genuine remorse; and (d) the fact that the
offences were committed on the spur of the moment and were not premeditated. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Mitigation plea at ROP Bundle from p 185 onwards.

The District Judge’s decision

21 The District Judge did not agree with counsel for the offender that
reformative training was a suitable form of punishment. He found the nature
and manner of the commission of the sexual assault and attempted rape offences
to be sufficiently serious and heinous, thus displacing rehabilitation as the
dominant sentencing principle notwithstanding the offender’s young age. In his
view, a more deterrent form of punishment was warranted. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

[19] and [24] of the Grounds of Decision.

22 As for the appropriate imprisonment term to be imposed, the District Judge
found the precedents for the offence of attempted rape that were provided by
the Prosecution to be broadly consonant with the facts before him. The
sentences imposed in those precedents were generally in the range of four to
six years’ imprisonment and four to six strokes of the cane. The District
Judge imposed a sentence of four years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the
cane for this offence.

23 The District Judge also accepted the Prosecution’s submission in respect of
the riotous behaviour charge and imposed a sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment.

24 The District Judge did not, however, find the precedents provided by the
Prosecution for the offence of sexual assault by penetration to be useful. He
was of the view that they involved more aggravated circumstances and involved
the more serious offence of aggravated sexual assault by penetration, which
necessitated a mandatory sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane (pursuant to s 376(4) of the Penal Code). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

[26] of the Grounds of Decision.

25 The District Judge found a sentence in the region of six years’
imprisonment with caning to be the appropriate starting point of the offence
of sexual penetration under s 376(2)(a) of the Penal Code. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

[56] of the Grounds of Decision.

He derived this starting point by calibrating the sentences imposed for
aggravated sexual assault by penetration offences under s 376(4) of the Penal
Code, which he noted were similar to “Category 1” penile rape offences (as
defined in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849) and were in the region
of ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

26 After taking into account the specific circumstances of the case including
the aggravating and mitigating factors, the District Judge concluded that the
sentence should be higher than the starting point. He imposed a sentence of
seven years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane for the offence of
sexual assault by penetration. He identified the following aggravating
factors: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

[42] to [49] of the Grounds of Decision.

(a) the offender displayed planning and deception in the commission of the
sexual offences, and had abused the victim’s trust;

(b) the offender continued and escalated his attack even when the victim was
struggling and shouting and even after she bit him;

(c) the attack was persistent and perverse;

(d) the attack necessarily caused the offender much fear, anguish and pain,
both physically and emotionally; and

(e) the offender displayed scant regard for law and order by committing the
present offences in spite of his previous brushes with the law and having
previously undergone probation and military detention, and by committing the
riotous behaviour offence while on bail.

The District Judge was also concerned that the offender did not accept full
responsibility for the offences and instead sought to attribute blame to the
victim. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

[40] of the Grounds of Decision.

He noted that this had been set out in a section in the reformative training
suitability report. The District Judge was of the view that the offender’s
cavalier and defiant stance did not show a demonstrably high capacity for
reform but was instead suggestive of a higher risk of reoffending.

27 As for mitigating factors, the District Judge took into account the fact
that offender had pleaded guilty and that he was remorseful. In particular,
the District Judge accorded mitigating weight to his sudden and unexpected act
of kneeling before the victim and apologising to her after the sexual assault
while they were in the hotel room (see [13] above), noting that he must have
known that this would give her a chance to escape.

28 The District Judge determined that the sentences for the sexual assault
charge and the riotous behaviour charge should run consecutively. The total
sentence imposed was thus seven years and two weeks’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane.

Arguments on appeal

29 Both the Prosecution and the offender filed appeals against sentence, being
dissatisfied with the District Judge’s decision. The focus of the appeals was
the sexual assault charge.

The offender’s appeal

30 The offender argued that the District Judge was wrong to have imposed a
custodial term for the offences and should have ordered him to undergo
reformative training. He raised the following arguments in support of his
appeal:

(a) The District Judge erred in rejecting, or failing to give due
consideration to, the recommendation in the reformative training suitability
report that the offender was suitable for reformative training. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at p 28.

(b) The District Judge erred in failing to give due consideration to the
provision in s 305 of the CPC (which governs the sentence of reformative
training) and to the relevant authorities that set out the approach towards
sentencing young offenders. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at p 41.

His argument, in short, was that the District Judge had given insufficient
weight to rehabilitation as a sentencing consideration.

(c) The District Judge erred in accepting the unsupported allegations and
assumptions put forward by the Prosecution, which were not in the SOF. In
particular, the offender argued that the District Judge should not have
accepted the Prosecution’s submission on the severity of the psychological
impact suffered by the victim as this was not substantiated by a victim impact
statement. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 142 and 149.

(d) The District Judge erred in taking into account the offender’s previous
brush with the law when he was 15 years old (see [18(a)] above) as a previous
“conviction” when s 11(1) of the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev
Ed) provides that such a record “shall be deemed not to be a conviction for
any purpose”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 151.

The offender submitted that this was prejudicial to him as it was relied on to
portray him as a person who was not only prone to violence but also without
any prospect of rehabilitation. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 162.

31 Additionally, there were suggestions embedded in the offender’s submissions
that the victim was “not just an ordinary ‘tourist’” who was visiting
Singapore for an innocuous purpose, but was in fact a hostess at the Club
where they met. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 20, 47 and 169.

Further, there were also insinuations in the offender’s submissions that the
victim might have led him on by giving him “mixed signals”, causing him to
think that she liked him. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 49.

The Prosecution’s appeal

32 The Prosecution’s appeal was narrower, and pertained only to the sentence
for the sexual assault charge. The Prosecution took the position that the
District Judge had correctly found that reformative training was not an
appropriate sentence, but had erred in imposing a sentence that was manifestly
inadequate in respect of the sexual assault charge.

33 The Prosecution submitted that in view of the serious and aggravated nature
of the offence of sexual assault, and the absence of mitigating factors, a
sentence of around nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane was
appropriate. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 6(d).

It made the following further arguments in support of its submission:

(a) The District Judge erred in concluding that the starting point of the
sexual assault charge is six years’ imprisonment with caning. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 6(a) and (b).

The Prosecution submitted that digital-vaginal penetration is, broadly
speaking, an offence that is analogous to rape as both involve the non-
consensual penetration of the victim’s vagina and the greatest level of
intrusion possible into the victim’s bodily integrity and privacy. The
respective sentencing benchmarks should therefore be largely similar. The
Prosecution submitted that the appropriate starting point ought to have been
eight years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

(b) The District Judge erred in according mitigating value to the offender’s
plea of guilt and in extending a discount to his supposed remorse. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 6(c).

The Prosecution submitted that the offender had not shown any genuine remorse
and that his act of kneeling before the victim and apologising was not a show
of remorse but was “engineered to enhance the possibility that the victim
would not file a police report”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 74.

My decision

34 After hearing submissions from the parties, I allowed the Prosecution’s
appeal and enhanced the sentence for the sexual assault charge. I shall first
set out my reasons for dismissing the offender’s appeal before explaining why
I concluded that a sentence of eight years and six months’ imprisonment and
six strokes of the cane was the appropriate sentence for the offence.

Reformative training was not appropriate

35 At its core, the key plank of the offender’s case was this – rehabilitation
was the paramount consideration in the light of the offender’s youth and thus
the court should sentence him to reformative training instead of a custodial
term.

Rehabilitation was not the only or main sentencing consideration

36 There can be no dispute that rehabilitation is an important consideration
in the sentencing of young offenders. But as observed by Sundaresh Menon CJ in
Public Prosecutor v Koh Wen Jie Boaz [2016] 1 SLR 334 (“Boaz Koh”) at [30],
rehabilitation is neither a singular nor unyielding consideration, and can be
diminished or even eclipsed by other considerations such as deterrence or
retribution where the circumstances of the case warrant it. Menon CJ further
observed that this would, broadly speaking, be justified in cases where (a)
the offence is serious; (b) the harm caused is severe; (c) the offender is
hardened and recalcitrant; or (d) conditions do not exist to make
rehabilitative sentencing options such as probation or reformative training
viable.

37 The present case was clearly such an instance. In the light of the severity
and the nature of the offences and the harm perpetrated on the victim, the
District Judge was correct to have found that rehabilitation was no longer the
core sentencing consideration. There was no basis for the offender to argue
that the District Judge had erred in failing to give due consideration to s
305 of the CPC or to the relevant authorities that set out the approach
towards sentencing young offenders. The approach adopted by the District Judge
was correct and in line with the relevant authorities.

The offence involved a serious and violent sexual assault

38 There was no doubt that this was a serious offence, and the offender
(rightly) did not seek to suggest otherwise. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 98.

The sexual assault was serious, violent and prolonged. It involved the
offender sitting atop the victim to prevent her from escaping, forcibly
pulling down her pants and panties, inserting his fingers into her vagina and
attempting to penetrate her with his penis. Even after the victim managed to
break free and attempted to escape, the offender chased after her and slapped
her hard on the cheek before pushing her back to the bed and attempting to
violate her again. Throughout the attack, the victim was struggling and
shouting for help. She even resorted to biting the offender to break free, and
yet he did not relent in his assault.

39 The principles set out in cases such as Boaz Koh pertaining to the
sentencing of young offenders are clear. The offences in the present case were
of such a severity that rehabilitation had to give way as a sentencing
consideration to deterrence. In Mohd Noran v Public Prosecutor [1991] 2 SLR(R)
867 (“Mohd Noran”), the Court of Appeal observed that as a general rule,
neither probation nor reformative training is suitable in cases of rape as it
is one of the most serious offences under the Penal Code. The court held that
where the offender is of mature age and understanding, he should be given a
custodial sentence unless exceptional circumstances are present. These
observations have been amplified in subsequent cases such as Boaz Koh and
Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri [2008] 1 SLR(R) 449. Although
the offender was not convicted of a rape charge, the observations in Mohd
Noran were still relevant and applicable given that the offender had sexually
assaulted the victim with his fingers and had attempted to rape her. His
attempt was only thwarted because the victim fought back with tenacity. I
found no compelling reasons to justify the imposition of anything less than a
substantial custodial sentence in the present case.

40 Regrettably, at various parts of his submissions, counsel for the offender
tried to shift some blame on the victim in order to downplay the offender’s
culpability. He argued that this was not a case of an accused “accosting a
total stranger whom he met on the streets, or who attacked her while she was
in the hotel room”; 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 43.

instead, the victim had acceded to the offender’s request to meet him at the
Club in the early hours of the morning “on account of their friendship”. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 42.

He further pointed out that the victim had given the offender “mixed signals”
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 49.

and had “agreed to accompany [him] to the hotel, instead of returning to her
hostel” and argued that this was a fact that “should not be understated”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 43.

There was also some suggestion that she was “not just an ordinary ‘tourist’”
who was in Singapore for the innocuous purpose of visiting her boyfriend as
she had claimed but was in fact working as a hostess in the Club (see [31]
above).

41 I found these to be obvious insinuations that the victim was a woman of
questionable morals who had somehow led the offender on and caused him to
think that she liked him. Collectively, they were a barely-disguised attempt
to shift at least part of the blame to the victim. To make things worse, these
insinuations were factually inaccurate and hence without basis. The offender’s
portrayal of the facts was clearly inconsistent with what was set out in the
SOF which he had admitted to. The relevant paragraphs of the SOF (paragraphs 5
to 11) detailed that the victim had agreed to meet the offender and Ng and
that all three of them had drinks before proceeding to the hotel. However, in
the offender’s submissions, any reference to Ng’s presence was glaringly
omitted – the omission was so plainly obvious that it could not have been
inadvertent. It was also clear from the SOF that the victim had originally
wanted to return to her hostel and that it was the offender who had persuaded
her to go to the hotel. The victim agreed only after she was assured that she
would be left alone to rest, and she must have thought that Ng would be
present throughout. I could not discern any provocative “signal” from the
victim, let alone anything resembling a sexual overture, from these admitted
facts.

42 With respect, it was singularly unhelpful and unnecessary for the offender
and his counsel to portray what were ironically termed by them as “objective
facts” in a selective and misleading manner before making a vague assertion
that “there [were] questions which [could not] be answered”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 104.

For that matter, even if I accepted the offender’s account, it was irrelevant
whether the victim was a hostess or whether she had agreed to go on a date
with the offender. Neither of these aspects would have mitigated or justified
his conduct. The offender had admitted that all the acts in question had been
perpetrated without the victim’s consent and with the use of considerable
force against her will. In fact, it would appear that there was some degree of
premeditation and planning on his part; at the very least, he had sought to
set the stage by sending the victim to the hotel despite her initial
reluctance and he took the opportunity when it presented itself to commit the
sexual assault.

43 Having regard to the offensive nature of the submissions made, I am
compelled to remind counsel to refrain from making baseless submissions that
disparage the character, integrity or morality of a victim in an attempt to
shift blame to the latter. Menon CJ issued a similar reminder in Public
Prosecutor v Ong Jack Hong [2016] 5 SLR 166 at [23], where he observed that
such submissions are seldom helpful in the context of sexual offences and that
counsel, as officers of the court, should always be mindful of the importance
of ensuring the appropriateness and relevance of the submission that he or she
is making, especially where such a submission impugns the character or
integrity of a person who is not only not on trial but is in fact the victim.
I will also add that such submissions will often be a disservice to the
accused, especially one who has pleaded guilty and accepted that he has
committed an offence, because they invariably reflect a startling lack of
remorse and insight into his behaviour.

Harm caused to the victim

44 The severity of the offences was in itself sufficient basis to conclude
that reformative training was an unsuitable form of punishment. The harm that
was caused to the victim—this being the second category of cases set out in
Boaz Koh where rehabilitation may recede into the background—was further basis
for such a finding.

45 The offender attempted to argue that the harm suffered by the victim was
not as serious as suggested by the Prosecution. He did so by first submitting
that given the absence of a victim impact statement, the harm suffered by the
victim, if any, must have been minimal and it would be dangerous to speculate
on its magnitude. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 99 and 102.

It was also correspondingly submitted that the Prosecution cannot seek to
augment the SOF and introduce new facts, such as the harm or trauma suffered
by the victim, through its sentencing submissions. Further, he also thought it
necessary to highlight that the medical report reflected that the victim
“appeared calm” throughout her medical examination after the sexual assault
and that the victim had been sexually active since a relatively young age and
last had sexual intercourse not long before the incident. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at paras 100 and 101.

It was even pointed out that the victim was five years older than the
offender.

46 I found neither of these submissions persuasive or helpful. The CPC,
specifically s 228(2)(b), provides that the Prosecution may address the court
on sentence and such an address may include reference to a victim impact
statement. But this in no way means that the Prosecution is precluded from
submitting that the victim had suffered psychological and physical trauma if a
victim impact statement had not been tendered. Contrary to the suggestion made
by counsel for the offender, the tendering of a victim impact statement or the
use of it to prove that harm was occasioned is not a prerequisite in the
“normal course” of the proceedings. As pointed out by the Prosecution, if it
were asserting that particularly unique psychological trauma or harm had been
occasioned, it bore the burden of proving this and one way of doing so might
be to tender a victim impact statement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 54(a).

But this did not mean that the Prosecution is obliged in all cases to tender
such a statement before it could submit that harm—of any extent or form—was
occasioned. It certainly need not do so where the harm in question is a
natural consequence of the offence.

47 The objective and undisputed facts in the present case were sufficient to
support the Prosecution’s submission that the victim suffered psychological
and physical trauma. There was plainly no basis to suggest, as the offender
sought to do, that the victim was not traumatised or that her injuries were
“relatively minor”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s skeletal response at para 58.

The SOF itself stated that the victim was crying and that her face was red and
swollen as she escaped from the hotel. She shouted, struggled and resisted
when the offender forced himself on her. Her cries were so loud that they
could be heard by Ng outside the room. Given the sexual assault that she was
put through and the extent to which she struggled and fought back, there could
be no doubt that she must have been in fear and shock. The physical injuries
that she suffered (see [14] above), which included bruising, a 4-cm cut on her
left upper arm and a chipped front tooth, were also serious by any objective
standard.

48 There was also no merit to the related argument made by counsel for the
offender that the Prosecution should not be allowed to augment the SOF and
introduce fresh facts at the sentencing stage. It is uncontroversial that
sentencing submissions by the Prosecution following a plea of guilty are
dependent on and circumscribed by the facts contained within the SOF. The
sentencing stage is not an opportunity for the Prosecution to introduce new
facts or details that may potentially be contested and have not been admitted
by the offender. But this does not preclude the Prosecution (or the defence)
from making submissions at the sentencing stage to invite the court to draw
suitable and reasonable inferences from the facts which have been set out in
the SOF. This is consistent with my observations in Public Prosecutor v
Development 26 Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 309 and those of Chan Seng Onn J in Public
Prosecutor v Andrew Koh Weiwen [2016] SGHC 103. What the Prosecution sought to
do in the present case was therefore permissible and unexceptionable.

49 I also found it wholly unnecessary for counsel for the offender to
specifically highlight that the victim was older, was a hostess, was sexually
experienced or that she was calm when she was examined by the doctor. These
insinuations were ultimately targeted at suggesting that the sexual assault
that took place was somehow “excusable” or less grave on account of the fact
that the victim was older, sexually active, or that minimal harm had arisen
from the sexual assault. As I emphasised at [43] above, such insinuations or
aspersions were aimed at attacking the victim’s character; they were wholly
unhelpful and indeed were, as submitted by the Prosecution, offensive and
deplorable. Again, these did not diminish the offender’s culpability; to the
contrary, they result in the conclusion that he was not genuinely remorseful.

The offender was not suited for reformative training

50 I agreed with the Prosecution and the District Judge that in the light of
the offender’s antecedents and the lack of remorse and insight to his
behaviour that he had shown in the course of these proceedings, reformative
training was not a suitable punishment.

51 On the issue of antecedents, counsel for the offender sought to argue that
the offender’s previous brush with the law when he was 15 years old should not
be taken into account as it was not to be regarded as a previous “conviction”
pursuant to the Probation of Offenders Act. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at para 151.

He argued that the District Judge had erred in taking this into account and
that the offender was thus prejudiced. I found this argument unpersuasive. It
is true that this antecedent was not a conviction as a matter of law. But all
that was relevant for the purposes of the appeal on sentence was that this was
not the first time the offender had a run-in with the law (see [18] above).
When he was 15 years old, he committed robbery and theft and was sentenced to
probation. He re-offended again when he was 19 years old, and was sentenced to
detention for cheating and dishonestly inducing the delivery of property and
dishonestly misappropriating property belonging to the SAF. It was further
aggravating that the offender committed the riotous behaviour offence a mere
two weeks after he was released on bail for the first set of offences.

52 As I have observed above, the offender had displayed a startling lack of
remorse and insight into his behaviour in the course of these proceedings, by
seeking to blame the victim, casting aspersions and making insinuations about
her character. This was also borne out by an observation made in the
reformative training suitability report under the section
“Attitude/Orientation”, which was worded as follows: 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP Bundle at p 124.

Although [the offender] was cogni[s]ant that his actions were “wrong” and he
had hurt his victim psychologically, he did not take full responsibility for
his actions and attributed blame to the victim for asking him to stay with her
and attacking (biting) him first when he refused.

53 Counsel for the offender took issue with the District Judge’s finding in
this regard and argued that the court should accord due deference to the
“recommendation” in the reformative training suitability report that the
offender was “suitable” for reformative training because this was made by an
institutional specialist (ie, a correctional rehabilitation specialist from
the prison authorities). 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s skeletal arguments at p 28.

54 This argument called into question the purpose or effect of a reformative
training suitability report and the conclusion contained therein. Counsel’s
use of the word “recommendation” was imprecise and potentially misleading. A
reformative training suitability report does not contain a positive
“recommendation” for an offender to undergo reformative training. As set out
in s 305(3) of the CPC, such a report, which has to be obtained before the
court imposes any sentence of reformative training, merely addresses “the
offender’s physical and mental condition and his suitability for the
sentence”. This provision does not confer any mandate for the prison
authorities to make any “recommendation” as to whether an offender ought to be
sentenced to reformative training as opposed to other forms of punishment. It
would perhaps be more accurate to say that such a report is meant to reflect
whether an offender is physically and mentally fit, and in that sense
suitable, for reformative training. In any event, it certainly cannot be that
in each case where the reformative training suitability report states that an
offender is suitable for reformative training, the court will simply follow
suit and mete out that sentence even if it thinks that probation or a
custodial term is more suitable. The sentencing judge retains full discretion
to decide whether an offender should be sentenced to reformative training or
to other forms of punishment, and he must apply his mind based on all the
information and facts before him in each case.

Conclusion – reformative training was not appropriate

55 For the above reasons, I dismissed the offender’s appeal and upheld the
District Judge’s decision that reformative training was not an appropriate
sentence.

The sentence was manifestly inadequate

56 In this next section, I set out my reasons for allowing the Prosecution’s
appeal and enhancing the sentence for the sexual assault charge from that of
seven years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane to eight years and six
months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

Whether the sentences for digital penetration and rape should be equated

57 I begin with the Prosecution’s submission that digital penetration is akin
to rape as both offences involve the non-consensual penetration of the
victim’s vagina, and similarly grave intrusions into the bodily integrity and
the privacy of the victim. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 90.

The Prosecution argued that even accounting for any minor sentencing discount
that may be given for digital penetration in view of the lack of likelihood of
transmission of diseases when contrasted with other forms of penetrative
sexual offences, the sentencing norms for digital penetration ought to,
broadly speaking, be aligned to those for rape. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 90.

The Prosecution raised three points in support of this submission.

58 First, the Prosecution submitted that this was supported by a reading of
the cases. In this regard, it highlighted that in the High Court decision of
AQW v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150, Menon CJ did not articulate any
distinction between penile penetration and other forms of penetration such as
digital penetration in observing that penetrative sexual activity as a whole
represents the greatest intrusion into the bodily integrity and privacy of the
victim (in that case a minor). Additionally, the Prosecution highlighted the
case of Public Prosecutor v Azuar bin Ahamad [2014] SGHC 149 (“Azuar”), where
the offender, who was a serial rapist, had pleaded guilty to three charges of
rape and one charge of sexual assault by penetration (specifically, digital
penetration was committed). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 95.

29 other charges were taken into consideration. The Prosecution pointed out
that in sentencing the offender to 12 years and six months’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane for each of the charges, Chan Seng Onn J did not draw a
distinction between the offences involving penile penetration and the offence
involving digital penetration.

59 Second, the Prosecution contended that this was also supported by the
statutory framework of the two provisions, as the scheme of prescribed
punishments in s 375 of the Penal Code (which pertained to rape) and s 376
(which pertained to sexual assault by penetration) reflected that Parliament
must have viewed these two offences as being of broadly similar severity. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 93.

For one, the statutorily stipulated punishments for both offences were the
same, with 20 years’ imprisonment being the maximum imprisonment. Further, the
aggravated forms of each offence were also a parallel of each other, requiring
the same predicate facts and entailing the same minimum and maximum
punishments: ss 375(3)(b) and 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code. The Prosecution
further submitted that this was also apparent from the Explanatory Statement
to the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 38 of 2007), which stated that s
376 (which was introduced into the Penal Code pursuant to this bill) also
provided for “an enhanced penalty for aggravated forms of sexual assault by
penetration which is analogous to aggravated forms of rape” [emphasis added].

60 Third, the Prosecution highlighted that this approach was very much in line
with the attitudes and jurisprudential approaches taken in other
jurisdictions, in particular, in the United Kingdom (“the UK”) and Australia.
37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 97.

It pointed out that in Australia, the courts of New South Wales have, in
recent times, made plain that one should eschew the suggestion that the
objective seriousness of the two offences can be categorised such that rape is
the more severe offence compared to sexual assault by penetration. The
following observations of the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal in R v
AJP [2004] NSWCCA 434 (at [24] and [25]) were highlighted:

It is not possible to create some kind of hierarchy of the seriousness of the
various kinds of sexual intercourse contemplated by [the offence] … It is the
facts and circumstances of each case, including the nature of the intercourse
that enables the proper evaluation of objective seriousness …

…

Other appropriate areas of inquiry in the consideration of the objective
seriousness of [such an offence] are, for example, how the offences took
place, over what period of time, with what degree of force or coercion, the
use of threats or pressure before or after the offence to ensure the victim’s
compliance with the demands made, and subsequent silence, and any immediately
apparent effect on the victim.

The Prosecution also relied on the following observations by the court in R v
Hibberd [2009] NSWCCA 20 (at [19], [20] and [21]):

… [there is] a danger in adopting, at least in the case of sexual assault upon
an adult, a general proposition that an act of digital penetration, without
more, is less serious than an act of penile penetration, without more. The
problem is that it is never “without more”. True it is that penile
penetration, contrasted with digital penetration, may carry risks to a female
adult victim such as pregnancy or sexually transmitted disease. On the other
hand, digital penetration has the potential to cause more physical damage than
penile penetration. These are some of the many factors which are required to
be taken into account when determining the objective seriousness of the
offending act and the point on the scale of seriousness where that act should
be placed.

…

In my respect view the time has come for this Court to depart from any prima
facie assumption, let alone any general proposition, that digital sexual
intercourse is to be regarded as generally less serious than penile sexual
intercourse. If one was to accept such a proposition, then it may well be
appropriate to also assert that the forced vaginal penetration in some of its
more gross forms is likely to be more serious than penile penetration. As the
objective seriousness of the offence is wholly dependent on the facts and
circumstances of the particular case … any resort to prima facie assertions
that one form of penetration is likely to be or generally will be more serious
than another, is to be avoided. It can, in my view, only lead a sentencing
judge to erroneously attribute more weight to the general proposition or
assumption than the particular facts of the case.

Relying on these observations, the Prosecution submitted that neither offence
should be taken to be less or more serious than the other, and the sentencing
framework should therefore reflect that. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 98.

61 The Prosecution further highlighted that the UK had also, in recent times,
noted the need for the two offences to be viewed as being similar to each
other, as it would be a misconception to assume that one offence ranks above
the other in some hierarchy of severity. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 101.

This, it argued, was the position taken in the consultation paper published by
the UK Sentencing Council on 6 December 2012, which noted, among other things,
that “the means of penetration, whether it be penile, another body part or
object, may not in every case make a difference to the victim as the violation
incurred by the penetration is as severe” [emphasis added]. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 102; UK Sentencing Council, Sexual Offences
Guideline Consultation (published on 6 December 2012) at p 31 (Tab 28 of
Prosecution’s Bundle of Authorities).

62 At first glance, the Prosecution’s position was slightly ambiguous, or even
inconsistent. This was because while its arguments as set out above appeared
to have been advanced to convince the court that the benchmarks—or at least
the starting sentences—for rape and digital penetration should be equated
because the two offences are akin to each other, it went on in the next
section to submit that the appropriate starting point for an offence of
digital penetration should be eight years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the
cane (and not ten years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane, which was
the starting point for a rape charge). Looking at its submissions as a whole,
the Prosecution’s point was not that the sentencing benchmarks of the two
offences should be equated but that the sentences for the offence of digital
penetration should be closer (and in appropriate cases, higher) than those for
the offence of rape. Thus, the courts should be slow to assume that the former
is always a less severe offence than the latter. Insofar as this was what the
Prosecution was submitting in terms of principle, I agreed with it.

63 It would appear, however, that the High Court might have gone a step
further in Public Prosecutor v Pram Nair [2016] 5 SLR 1169 (“Pram Nair”)—which
was decided after I gave judgment in the present case and which had in fact
made reference to this case—and held that there is no reason for any marked
differentiation between the benchmark sentences for the two offences (at
[56]). The High Court came to this view for two main reasons:

(a) First, the court found there to be little, if any, difference between the
emotional scars that are experienced by victims of sexual assault by
penetration and those of rape (at [56]). The court found the act of inserting
one’s finger to the vagina of the victim to be similar to that of inserting
one’s penis, as both were certainly a grave violation of the victim. While the
court recognised that there are risks of pregnancy and of contracting
sexually-transmitted diseases in the case of rape, it doubted that such risks
should give rise to a difference between the benchmark sentences of the two.

(b) Second, the court was of the view that the structure of ss 375 and 376 of
the Penal Code suggested that both offences were considered by Parliament to
be of the same severity (at [57]).

This led the High Court to impose the same punishment (which in that case was
12 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane) on the accused for the
offence of digital penetration as had been imposed for the offence of rape.
Both offences had been committed in the same transaction.

64 If, and insofar as, the holding in Pram Nair was that the benchmark
sentences or the starting point for the offences of rape and digital
penetration should be equated, I would respectfully disagree with the learned
judge. I am in full agreement with the Prosecution’s submission as summarised
at [62] above that the court must be slow to assume that the offence of
digital penetration is always less severe than that of rape and thus
attracting a lower sentence. The harm and consequences of digital penetration
cannot be underestimated or understated. It represents a very serious
violation of the bodily integrity and privacy of the victim, and is
undoubtedly an act deserving of severe punishment. I also agree that the
punishment for an offence of digital penetration simpliciter (ie, without
aggravating factors) should be closer to that of rape simpliciter (ie,
Category 1 rape). But I would not agree that the starting points for the two
should be the same.

65 While it is true that s 375 (pertaining to the offence of rape) and s 376
(pertaining to the offence of sexual assault by penetration) of the Penal Code
have identical sentencing structures, it must be borne in mind that s 376
covers not only digital penetration but other forms of sexual assault by
penetration, both by the accused as well as by another person where the
accused had caused the act. For instance, s 376(1) deals with non-consensual
penis-mouth and penis-anus penetration by the accused as well as another
person where the act is caused by the accused, and s 376(2)(a) covers a
situation where someone uses a body part other than the penis to commit
penetration of the victim’s vagina or anus. With respect, it cannot therefore
be concluded that the sentences for rape and digital penetration (as opposed
to other forms of sexual assault by penetration) must be equated simply
because the sentencing schemes for the two offence provisions are identical.

66 The approach taken by the court in Pram Nair and Azuar (see [58] above),
where identical sentences were meted out for the offences of rape and digital
penetration, may also be explicable due to the fact that both categories of
offences were committed in the same transaction in both cases and thus the
court may have formed the view that the sentences should not be
differentiated. But on the facts of the present case, I did not think that it
was appropriate to deal with the offender as if he had committed the offence
of rape and apply the starting point for sentencing of a Category 1 rape
offence in deriving the sentence for the sexual assault charge.

The appropriate sentence

67 I agreed with the Prosecution that the District Judge’s starting point of
six years’ imprisonment with caning was too low, and that an appropriate
starting point for an offence of digital penetration was in the region of
eight years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

68 The Prosecution contended that given the aggravating factors present in
this case (ie, element of premeditation, violent and prolonged assault, lack
of remorse or insight in the course of proceedings, the offensive insinuations
and allegations made by the offender against the victim, the presence of other
charges taken into consideration, which have been articulated in the earlier
section in which I dealt with the offender’s appeal), the appropriate sentence
ought to be higher than the starting point. It submitted that nine years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane was appropriate. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 111.

Further, the Prosecution submitted that the District Judge had erred in
according mitigating weight to the offender’s act of kneeling before the
victim and apologising to her at the end of the assault. It submitted that
this was not a genuine show of remorse but was simply prompted by a fear of
the consequences of his actions. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Prosecution’s submission at paras 113 and 114.

69 While I agreed with the Prosecution that there were various aggravating
factors, I did not agree with its submission in respect of the “kneeling
apology”. Like the District Judge, I viewed this as a genuine indication of
his spontaneous remorse, and did not agree that it was “engineered” in the
hope that the victim would not file a police report. His apology was also
accompanied by a measure of self-restraint. He desisted from further violating
the victim and she was then able to put on her clothes and leave the hotel
room. But having said that, I agreed with the Prosecution that apart from this
single act that occurred shortly after the assault, there were no other clear
indicators of genuine remorse. Indeed, as I have pointed out above, the manner
in which he had strenuously attempted to downplay the seriousness of his
conduct suggested otherwise.

70 Looking at the circumstances of the assault as a whole, I was of the view
that a sentence of eight years and six months’ imprisonment and six strokes of
the cane was a more carefully calibrated and appropriate sentence for the
sexual assault charge.

Conclusion

71 For the reasons above, I dismissed the offender’s appeal and allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal. The sentence for the sexual assault charge was enhanced
to eight years and six months’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. With
the relevant sentences imposed by the District Judge for the attempted rape
charge (which was to run concurrently) and the riotous behaviour charge (which
was to run consecutively), the total sentence was therefore eight years, six
months and two weeks’ imprisonment, and nine strokes of the cane.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

A Rajandran (M/s A Rajandran) and Tan Gee Tuan (M/s Gee Tuan Tan) for the
appellant in MA 9179/2015/01 and the respondent in MA 9179/2015/02;

Mohamed Faizal and James Chew (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent
in MA 9179/2015/01 and the appellant in MA 9179/2015/02.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

