Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGCA 23

Civil Appeal No 32 of 2015

Between

JANNIE CHAN SIEW LEE  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND BANKING GROUP LIMITED  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 2 of 2015

In the matter of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Rule 97 of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap. 20, Rule 1)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of the Statutory Demand dated 3 October 2014  
---  
  
Between

JANNIE CHAN SIEW LEE  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND BANKING GROUP LIMITED  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Insolvency Law] — [Bankruptcy] — [Statutory Demand]

[Civil Procedure] — [Extension of Time]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chan Siew Lee Jannie

  
v

  

Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd

[2016] SGCA 23

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 32 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang J  
21 January 2016

6 April 2016

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal concerns a simple but important point of bankruptcy practice.
The issue is whether “third party security” – and in this context we mean
security which is held by the petitioning creditor in respect of the debt but
which was not provided by the debtor against whom bankruptcy proceedings are
being taken – has to be specified in a statutory demand.

2 This issue arises because rr 94(5) and 98(2) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap
20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) provide that the nature and value of “any
property of the debtor or any security for the debt” which the creditor holds
must be specified in the statutory demand and that non-compliance is a ground
for setting the statutory demand aside. In this case, certain banking
facilities were secured both by a pledge provided by the principal debtor as
well as a personal guarantee furnished by the Appellant. When the debtor
defaulted on repayment, the Respondent issued a statutory demand against the
Appellant but did not include details of the pledge. The Appellant argued
that, by reason of this omission, the statutory demand was defective and
applied to set it aside. The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) dismissed the
application and his decision is reported at Jannie Chan Siew Lee v Australia
and New Zealand Banking Group [2015] SGHC 157 (“the GD”).

3 The precise question for determination, therefore, was whether the
expression “security” in the aforementioned provisions only refers to security
provided by the person against whom the creditor is proceeding in bankruptcy
(ie, the Appellant) or whether it extends also to security which has been
provided by a third party (ie, the principal debtor). After hearing the
parties, we decided that it was the former. As a result of our decision, we
held that the statutory demand was not procedurally defective and that there
was therefore no reason to set it aside. We now give full reasons for our
decision.

Background

4 The Appellant, Chan Siew Lee, Jannie, is a shareholder and director of Timor
Global LDA (“TG”), a company incorporated in Timor-Leste. The Respondent, the
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, is the Timor-Leste branch of
a bank incorporated in Australia.

5 On 12 September 2012, the Respondent extended banking facilities (“the
facilities”) in the sum of $7.8m to TG. In the letter of offer (“LO”), it was
stated that these facilities were to be secured by: (a) a pledge provided by
TG over certain of its assets (“the pledge”); and (b) a joint personal
guarantee executed by the directors of TG. Clause 9 of the LO further
specified that in the event of default, the facilities shall be immediately
repayable with interest. Whilst the parties disagreed on the precise scope of
the pledge and the valuation of the assets pledged, this dispute was not
relevant to the present appeal. The only point of note was that the Respondent
did not deny that the value of the assets pledged exceeds the sum of $6.5m
claimed in the statutory demand (and, for that reason, the Respondent would
have been precluded from proceeding against TG in bankruptcy). On 13 September
2012, each of TG’s directors (including the Appellant) entered into a personal
guarantee (“the guarantee”) under which they contracted to pay all sums of
money which were owed by TG to the Respondent under the facilities.

6 TG subsequently defaulted on repayment of the facilities and the Respondent
commenced a suit against the directors on 2 October 2013. Only the Appellant
and one other director entered an appearance, each filing brief defences which
were bereft of substantial particulars. Neither of them filed affidavits in
support of their defences. The Respondent applied for summary judgment and it
was granted on 10 January 2014, with judgment being entered against the
directors for the sum of US$5.8m, plus interest and costs. The Appellant did
not appeal against the judgment. On 15 October 2014, the Respondent served a
statutory demand on the Appellant for a sum of $6.5m.

7 In the statutory demand, the Respondent disclosed that it held an “all-
monies” mortgage over a property in Singapore which was co-owned by the
Appellant and which it intended to enforce in satisfaction of the debt owed
under the guarantee. This property had been provided as security for a
separate loan but was available to be used in satisfaction of the debt owed to
the Respondent. The statutory demand contained an estimate of the value of the
mortgaged property and the quantum of the debt owed by the Appellant under the
other loan. The sum of $6.5m demanded in the statutory demand was calculated
by deducting the surplus value from a potential sale of the property (ie, the
sale proceeds less the amount owed under the other loan) from the sum owed
under the judgment debt. Pertinently, the statutory demand did not specify the
value of the assets under the pledge.

8 Between 15 October 2014 and 7 January 2015, the parties engaged in without-
prejudice negotiations but were unable to come to an agreement. On 8 January
2015, the day after these negotiations fell through, the Appellant commenced
the present application seeking (a) an extension of time to apply to set aside
the statutory demand; and (b) to set aside the statutory demand under r 98(2)
of the Rules.

Decision Below

9 In the court below, the Appellant submitted that a petitioning creditor was
required to disclose details of all security held by the creditor in relation
to the debt, irrespective of whether the security was provided by the debtor
or by a third party. Her contention was that the expressions “any security for
the debt” in r 94(5) and “security in respect of the debt” in r 98(2) ought to
be read widely to mean all security which may be applied in satisfaction of
the debt, howsoever and whosoever provided. For that reason, she submitted
that the statutory demand should be set aside as details of the pledge were
not specified therein. In contrast, the Respondent submitted that only
security provided by the debtor to whom the statutory demand was issued needed
to be specified. These contrasting interpretations were referred to
respectively as “the all-security construction” and “the debtor’s-security
construction” by the Judge (see the GD at [5]). The Judge eventually
concluded, on the basis of authority and policy, that the latter construction
was to be preferred and so there was no basis to set the statutory demand
aside.

10 On the issue of the extension of time, the Judge noted that the present
application was 70 days late and that the only reason proffered for the delay
was that the parties had been in negotiations. The Judge held that the delay
was substantial and the explanation was unpersuasive since there was no
agreement between the parties that time would not continue to run while
negotiations were on-going. While he accepted that little or no prejudice
would accrue if an application for an extension of time were granted he held,
based on (a) the period of the delay (which was substantial), (b) the reasons
for the delay (which were unpersuasive), and (c) the grounds put forward for
setting aside the statutory demand (which were unmeritorious), that this was
not a case where the court should not exercise its discretion to grant an
extension of time (see the GD at [23]).

The parties’ cases on appeal

11 Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), counsel for the Appellant,
first dealt with the issue of the extension of time. He argued that the Judge
erred in holding the reason given for the delay was unsatisfactory. He
accepted that there was no explicit agreement that there would be no need to
apply to set aside the statutory demand. However, he pointed out that the
singular object of the negotiations was to forestall the initiation of
bankruptcy proceedings. Seen in this light, he argued, it could be said that
the Appellant had always acted expeditiously since she had always been taking
“active steps to ensure the Respondent would not present a bankruptcy petition
against her” and had filed the present application the day after negotiations
fell through.

12 Turning to the substantive merits of the application, Mr Thuraisingam
submitted that the Judge had erred in holding that debtor-security
construction was the right one. Broadly summarised, his argument was put in
two ways.

(a) First, he argued that the Judge had failed to appreciate that the
bankruptcy regime had become “more debtor-centric”. This error, he submitted,
was the reason why the Judge did not adopt the all-security construction,
which he argued would give debtors greater opportunities to forestall the
institution of bankruptcy proceedings against them since it would preclude
bankruptcy applications from being brought where the creditor may enforce
security which is provided by the principal debtor to satisfy the debt
claimed. Bankruptcy is inherently punitive, he contended, and so the court
should, as far as it was possible, prefer a construction which benefited the
debtor.

(b) Second, he submitted that the Judge had failed to recognise the unfairness
inherent in the debtor’s-security construction. He argued that it would place
guarantors in a disadvantaged position vis-à-vis the principal debtors because
it meant that the creditor might be able to present a bankruptcy petition
against the guarantor in circumstances where it might not be able to do so
against the principal debtor (chiefly, because the security provided by the
principal debtor would be sufficient to discharge the debt).

13 The Respondent − not surprisingly − argued the contrary. Mr Chou Sean Yu
(“Mr Chou”), counsel for the Respondent, first submitted that the Judge had
rightly refused the application for an extension of time. The entry into
“without prejudice” negotiations did not operate to stay the timeline
specified in the Rules. This was a point which the Appellant, being who was
legally represented throughout the process of negotiation, ought to have been
well aware of. In any event, he submitted that the Appellant’s application to
set aside the statutory demand was unmeritorious and ought to be dismissed
because it was clear that third party security did not have to be specified in
a statutory demand. He gave two reasons for this.

14 First, he submitted that there was ample authority that the only security
which has to be specified in a statutory demand was that which was held over
the property of the debtor. In particular, they pointed to the decisions of
the Singapore High Court in Re Loh Lee Keow and another, ex parte Keppel
TatLee Bank Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 283 (“Re Loh Lee Keow”) and Sia Leng Yuen v
HKR Properties Ltd [2001] 3 SLR(R) 587 (“Sia Leng Yuen”). He submitted that in
both these cases, the courts had approached the matter textually and held that
the debtor’s security construction was the “only one possible” when examined
in the light of the other provisions of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”) and the Rules (citing Sia Leng Yuen at [9]).

15 Second, he argued that the debtor’s security construction would be
consistent with principle. For one, it would accord with the position under
the common law which has long held that a creditor who has security against a
third party need not give it up before being admitted to the bankruptcy
process to prove his debt. Mr Chou argued that, by extension, third party
security need not be specified in a statutory demand, which merely served as a
preliminary to the presentation of a bankruptcy application. Furthermore, it
would be consonant with the well-established principle that a creditor is not
obliged to pursue the other remedies available to him (including the
enforcement of security provided by the principal debtor) before proceeding
against a surety.

Our analysis

16 Given the shape that the parties’ arguments have taken, the two issues
which arose for our consideration were, first, whether an extension of time
ought to have been granted; and, second, whether the pledge needed to have
been specified. As a matter of logic, these two issues should be examined in
that order for if the application for an extension of time was not granted
then the merits of the setting aside application would not even arise for
consideration. However, as the Judge recognised, the merits of the application
were an important factor that must be taken into consideration when deciding
whether to grant an extension of time. For that reason, we likewise elected to
hear the parties on the merits first.

Secured creditors and their place in the bankruptcy process

17 In his submissions, Mr Thuraisingam framed this as a contest between two
opposing views of what the “overarching object” of the bankruptcy regime was.
The issue turned on whether this court saw the purpose of the Act and its
Rules was to “give debtors an opportunity to make a fresh start” (as he
contended) or to “balance and protect the debtors, bankrupts, creditors and
society” (as found by the Judge at [12] and [16] of the GD). With respect, we
do not agree. For a start, this is a false dichotomy. One can have a
bankruptcy scheme that allows bankrupts to make a fresh start while still
ensuring that this opportunity for a fresh start takes place within a system
that balances the competing interests of other stakeholders in the bankruptcy
process. Furthermore, to frame the matter in this way would leave it at too
high a level of generality. In our view, a proper consideration of this matter
required an examination of the proper relationship between secured creditors
and the bankruptcy process.

18 Our inquiry brought us to the first principle of bankruptcy law, which is
that bankruptcy proceedings are not intended as a means for a single creditor
to enforce his debt but is instead a method for the collective realisation of
the assets of the debtor in order to maximise recovery for the general body of
creditors (see the English Court of Appeal decision of White v Davenham [2012]
1 BCLC 123 (“White”) at [9] per Lloyd LJ). The object of the bankruptcy
process is to bring within the control of the court all the estate of the
bankrupt in order that it can be distributed in a simple, inexpensive, and
expeditious manner for the benefit of all creditors (see the Canadian decision
of Re Toronto Wood & Shingle Co (1894) 30 Can LT 353 at 356). In order to
achieve this goal, a number of things take place automatically upon the
issuance of a bankruptcy order: the rights of unsecured creditors are frozen,
the bankrupt’s assets are automatically vested in the official assignee, and
the administration of the bankrupt’s estate is centralised in the bankruptcy
court, which is given wide powers to decide all issues which may arise in the
bankruptcy proceedings.

19 It goes without saying that what is best for the body of creditors as a
whole might not be in the best interests of an individual creditor. The
initiation of bankruptcy proceedings forecloses the prospect that the debtor
might be able to recover and pay back his debts in full and it also subjects
any distribution of the realisable assets to the statutory order of priority
set out in s 90 of the Act. For these reasons, the benefits and burdens of
bankruptcy fall unequally and not all creditors would be similarly in favour
of the initiation of bankruptcy proceedings. Some, particularly those with
greater staying power, might prefer to hold out for the prospect of greater
recovery in the future. Others, particularly those who need to recover their
debts quickly or those with no appetite for litigation, would be in favour of
the initiation of the bankruptcy proceedings.

20 As a matter of fairness, therefore, it stands to reason that the
petitioning creditor who sets the wheels in motion should be one with no
special claim to the estate of the bankrupt and therefore stands pari passu
with the general body of creditors to await the proportionate recovery of his
debts. A secured creditor, however, is not such a creditor. Section 76(3) of
the Act provides that a secured creditor can continue to realise or otherwise
deal with his security outside the bankruptcy process and thus, property
subject to the rights of a secured creditor is effectively taken out of the
corpus of assets available for general distribution. For this reason, it has
long been a cardinal principle of bankruptcy law that a person is not allowed
to prove against a bankrupt’s estate (or, a fortiori, to initiate bankruptcy
proceedings) and yet retain a security which, if given up, would go to augment
the estate against which he proves (see the English Court of Appeal decision
of In re Turner, ex parte West Riding Union Banking Company (1881) 19 Ch D 105
(“In re Turner”) at 112 per Jessel MR). If a secured creditor wishes to
initiate bankruptcy proceedings, he must surrender his security for the
general benefit of the creditors as a whole (or if his security is inadequate
to cover the full amount of his debt and he elects to present an application
on that portion of his debt which is unsecured). This principle is statutorily
enshrined in ss 63(1) and 63(2) of the Act, which read as follows:

63(1) Where the applicant for a bankruptcy order is a secured creditor of the
debtor, he shall in his application —

(a) state that he is willing, in the event of a bankruptcy order being made,
to give up his security for the benefit of the other creditors of the
bankrupt; or

(b) give an estimate of the value of his security, in which case he may to the
extent of the balance of the debt due to him, after deducting the value so
estimated, be admitted as a creditor in the same manner as if he were an
unsecured creditor.

63(2) Where an applicant for a bankruptcy order who is a secured creditor of
the debtor fails to disclose his security in the application, he shall be
deemed to have given up his security for the benefit of the other creditors of
the debtor and upon the making of a bankruptcy order —

(a) he shall not be entitled to enforce his security against the estate of the
bankrupt or to retain any proceeds from the realisation of such security; and

(b) he shall execute such document of release as is required by the Official
Assignee or account and pay over to the Official Assignee all proceeds from
any realisation of his security.

[emphasis added]

21 But what about a creditor who holds third party securities? The short
answer is that third party securities are irrelevant. The subject of s 63 of
the Act is the regulation of the bankrupt’s estate and the object of the
provision is to prevent secured creditors – who stand in a privileged position
by virtue of the security which they hold – from initiating bankruptcy
proceedings unless they are willing to give up their security to augment the
bankrupt’s estate. However, third party securities, even if given up, will not
form part of the eventual estate of the debtor divisible among his creditors.
They are accordingly irrelevant for the purposes of determining if a creditor
may present a bankruptcy application and consequently, there is no reason why
a creditor who holds third party securities should be precluded from
presenting a bankruptcy application (see White at [35]).

22 This is the consistent position which has been taken in a long and unbroken
line of common law authorities which stand for the proposition that the
existence of third party security does not affect the right of a creditor to
be admitted to the bankruptcy process and to prove the full amount of his
debt: see, for example, the English decisions of In the Matter of John Plummer
and William Wilson, Bankrupts [1841] 1 Ph. 56 (“John Plummer”), In re Turner,
and Steamship Enterprises of Panama Inc., Liverpool (Owners) v Ousel (Owners)
and others (The Liverpool (No. 2) [1960] 2 WLR 541 at 604. Even in John
Plummer’s case, which was decided in the mid-nineteenth century, it was
already described as a point which was “too clearly settled to be disputed”
(at 59 per Lord Lyndhurt LC).

23 This principle is reflected in the statutory definition of a “secured
creditor” which appears at s 2 of the Act. It provides that a “secured
creditor” is one who holds “a mortgage, pledge, charge or lien on or against
the property of the debtor or any part thereof as security for a debt due to
him from the debtor” [emphasis added]. The use of the phrase “on or against
the property of the debtor or any part thereof” is a clear indication that the
security in question must be supplied by the debtor himself and not by a third
party (see also the Malaysian Supreme Court decision of Perwira Habib Bank
Malaysia Bhd v Samuel Pakianathan [1993] 2 MLJ 423 at 432F–I). Thus, only
creditors who hold security against the property of the debtor need to state
their willingness to give it up before they will be permitted to present a
bankruptcy application. This is also reflected in the the words of Form 3,
which is the standard form to be used in the preparation of an affidavit
supporting a creditor’s bankruptcy application. Paragraph 5 of Form 3 reads as
follows:

I/We do not, nor does any person on my/our behalf, hold any security on the
debtor’s estate, or any part thereof, for the payment of the abovementioned
sum.

OR

I/We hold security for the payment of [part of] the above-mentioned sum.

I/We will give up such security for the benefit of all the creditors in the
event of a bankruptcy order being made.

OR

I/We hold security for the payment of part of the above-mentioned sum and I/we
estimate the value of such security to be $ . This petition is not made in
respect of the secured part of my/our debt.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

24 Mr Thuraisingam acknowledged all of this, but he submitted that this is of
limited utility in the present context. He contended that s 63 of the Act
relates to the rights and obligations of a “secured creditor”, whereas rr
94(5) and 98(2) of the Rules, with which we are presently concerned, relate to
the form and content of a statutory demand. For that reason, the definition of
a “secured creditor” in the former does not form a guide to the interpretation
which is to be placed on the expression “security” in the latter. With
respect, we do not agree. The provisions in the Rules relating to the form of
a statutory demand cannot be interpreted in vacuo, but must instead be read in
the context of the requirements of the Act. When that exercise is performed,
it will be clear, as we propose to show, that they are intimately and, indeed,
inextricably bound up with each other.

Rules 94(5) and 98(2)(c)

25 The service of a statutory demand is commonly used as a means through which
applicant-creditors may prove a debtor’s inability to pay his debts, which is
a statutory condition precedent to the presentation of a bankruptcy
application (see ss 61(c) and 62(a) of the Act). Part VI of the Rules, in
which rr 94(5) and 98(2)(c) are to be found, deal with the manner, form and
content of a statutory demand and the service requirements which accompany its
presentation. The expression “property of the debtor or any security” and its
cognates may be found at four points in Part VI: at ss 94(5), 94(6), 98(2),
and 101(2). For ease of reference, we set out the first three seriatim, as
follows:

94(5) If the creditor holds any property of the debtor or any security for the
debt, there shall be specified in the demand —

(a) the full amount of the debt; and

(b) the nature and value of the security or the assets.

94(6) The debt of which payment is claimed shall be the full amount of the
debt less the amount specified as the value of the security or assets.

…

98(2) The court shall set aside the statutory demand if —

(c) it appears that the creditor holds assets of the debtor or security in
respect of the debt claimed by the demand, and either rule 94(5) has not been
complied with, or the court is satisfied that the value of the assets or
security is equivalent to or exceeds the full amount of the debt;

[emphasis added in bold italics]

26 The parallels with s 63 of the Act are unmistakable. Broadly summarised,
the purpose of these provisions is to ensure that access to the statutory
demand procedure (and, by extension, the bankruptcy procedure as a whole) is
available only to unsecured creditors. The lynchpin is r 94(5), which requires
(a) the full amount of the debt, and (b) the value of the property and assets
held by the petitioning creditor to be stated. The underlying purpose of this
disclosure requirement, as explained by the Singapore High Court in Goh Chin
Soon v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd [2001] SGHC 17 at [11], is to
“make a creditor declare that he holds any asset of the debtor or any security
in respect of the debt claimed so that the court may ascertain whether the
creditor has sufficient security or assets of the debtor that will satisfy the
debt in full”. Without the information specified in r 94(5), the court will
not be able to ascertain whether the petitioning creditor is a secured or
unsecured creditor. Thus, non-compliance with r 94(5) mandatorily results in
the setting aside of the statutory demand.

27 The other two provisions flow from this. Rule 94(6) of the Rules states
that the amount claimed in the statutory demand must be the sum remaining
after the value of any “securities or assets” held by the creditor has been
subtracted from the full amount of the debt. This mirrors s 63(1)(b) of the
Act, which states that a secured creditor may only be admitted to the
bankruptcy process to the extent that he has an unsecured claim. Likewise, r
98(2)(c) of the Rules states unequivocally that an statutory demand shall be
set aside if the value of the assets or security exceeds the full amount of
the debt. This reflects the general position (embodied in s 63 of the Act)
that a creditor with a fully secured claim has no place in the bankruptcy
process unless he is willing to give up his security for the general body of
creditors.

28 When seen in this light, it is clear that the purport of the foregoing
provisions is that creditors who hold property belonging to the bankrupt
should be excluded from the bankruptcy process unless they are willing to give
up their security. These provisions are not intended to exclude creditors who
hold third party securities because, as against the bankrupt, they stand in no
better position than other unsecured creditors and the security they hold,
even if given up, will not form part of the debtor’s estate which is divisible
among his creditors. This point was succinctly made by Lloyd LJ at [40] of
White:

… if a creditor has security over that debtor’s assets which is more than
sufficient, there is no reason to allow the creditor to pursue bankruptcy
proceedings because the existence of the security means that the creditor has
no interest in that debtor’s estate. … If, however, the security given to the
creditor is over the assets of a different person, then the existence of that
security does not constitute any reason why the particular creditor should not
proceed against this other debtor, who has given no security over his assets,
for an undoubted debt by way of a personal claim or by way of insolvency
proceedings. There is no bar to the creditor presenting a bankruptcy petition
in relation to such a debtor and there is therefore no reason why the creditor
should not serve a statutory demand as a preliminary to the presentation of a
petition if the demand is not satisfied.

29 In his submissions, Mr Thuraisingam pointed out that the expression
“security” does not appear alone in these provisions, but always as part of a
wider turn of phrase – either “security for the debt” (r 94(5)) or “security
in respect of the debt” (r 98(2)(c)). On that basis, he contended that a wider
meaning should be ascribed and that rr 94(5) and 98(2)(c) of the Rules should
be interpreted as referring to security generally, rather than security held
over the property of the debtor only. However, he was unable to provide us
with a reason why Parliament might have intended that the aforementioned rules
ought to be read thus, other than to advert to his general argument that the
contrary reading would be unfair (see above at [12(b)]). We will come to his
argument on fairness slightly later but, for present purposes, we will focus
only on his textual argument – viz, that the expression “security” should bear
a wider meaning in the Rules because it is part of the phrases “security for
the debt” or “security in respect of the debt”. In our judgment, this argument
is, with respect, untenable.

30 The phrase “security for the debt” appears at two points in the Rules: once
at r 94(5) and the other at r 101(2), which pertains to the matters which must
be stated in the affidavit accompanying a creditor’s bankruptcy application.
Rule 101(2) reads as follows:

101(2) If the creditor holds any property of the debtor or any security for
the debt, he must account for such assets or security in the affidavit and, in
particular, provide the following information:

(a) a description of the assets or security held; and

(b) the value of the assets or security as at the date of the application,

and the amount claimed in the application shall take into account such assets
or security.

[emphasis added]

31 If Mr Thuraisingam were correct, then the effect of r 101(2) is that a
creditor presenting a bankruptcy application would only be able to make a
claim for the unsecured element of his debt that is not covered either by
security provided either by the debtor or by a third party. This would
contradict s 63(1)(b) of the Act. As explained above at [21]–[23], s 63(1)(b)
states that a secured creditor may, after giving an estimate of his security
(which only refers to security over the property of the debtor: s 2 of the
Act), be admitted to the bankruptcy process to prove the full amount of his
debt which is unsecured by the security which he holds over the property of
the debtor. The fact that Mr Thuraisingam’s interpretation would bring the Act
into conflict with the Rules militates strongly against its adoption.

32 Furthermore, in Re Loh Lee Keow, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) reviewed
the Act and its Rules in their entirety before arriving at the conclusion that
the word “security” in rr 94(5) and 98(2)(c) of the Rules can only refer to
security provided by the debtor in question. This was subsequently followed by
Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) in the Singapore High Court decision of Sia
Leng Yuen. We agree substantially with the reasons given by Woo JC in Re Loh
Lee Keow and do not propose to repeat them save to add one further general
point.

33 Section 21 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) states that the
expressions used in subsidiary legislation “shall, unless the contrary
intention appears”, “have the same respective meanings as in the [empowering]
Act”. The ambit of this section is not restricted only to expressions which
have been specifically defined (such as “secured creditor”) and would include,
as in this case, the expression, “security”, which forms part of the operative
provisions of the parent act. Mr Thuraisingam’s inability to explain why
Parliament might have intended rr 94(5) and 98(2)(c) of the Rules to bear a
different meaning from the parent provisions they were so plainly intended to
give effect to was, in our view, fatal to his case.

34 In our judgment, therefore, the expression “security” in rr 94(5) and
98(2)(c) of the Rules can only refer to security which is provided by the
debtor against whom bankruptcy proceedings are being taken. This is the only
construction which makes sense in the light of the overall purpose and intent
of the Act and its Rules – it is not only consistent with principle, it is
also congruent with the text of the relevant provisions, and supported by
authority. We also note, in passing, that this was the conclusion reached by
the English High Court in the decision of Re A Debtor (No 310 of 1988) [1989]
1 WLR 452, after considering the equivalent provisions in the Insolvency Act
1986 (c 45) (UK) and the Insolvency Rules 1986 (SI 1986 No 1925) (UK) (“the UK
Insolvency Rules 1986”).

Is the debtor’s security construction unfair?

35 The consequence of our decision is that it would be entirely possible for a
guarantor to be made a bankrupt when the principal debtor (because the value
of the security he provided exceeds the value of the debt) could not be. Mr
Thuraisingam submitted that this was unfair. It was “oppressive” and
unnecessarily punitive, he contended, to allow the Respondent to commence
bankruptcy proceedings against the Appellant when the security provided by TG
was sufficient to discharge the debt. This was particularly so, he argued,
when seen in the light of the fact that the TG was the one who enjoyed the
benefits of the loan, not the Appellant. Mr Thuraisingam urged us to hold that
a creditor cannot proceed against a guarantor in bankruptcy unless he first
realises the securities provided by the principal debtor.

36 With respect, Mr Thuraisingam’s argument cannot be supported. While many
civil law jurisdictions confer a right upon sureties to compel creditors to
exhaust their remedies against the principal before having recourse to
sureties (see Geraldine Mary Andrews QC & Richard Millett QC, Law of
Guarantees (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2011) (“Law of Guarantees”) at para
11-002), this has never been the position under the common law. It has long
been the position that a creditor with several remedies at his disposal can
choose whether to enforce and, if so, which one to enforce, at what time, in
which order, and in whatever way, subject only to the rule that he cannot
recover more than is due to him (see, for example, the decision of this court
in Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC [2015] 5 SLR 1071
(“Anwar Patrick Adrian”) at [53]–[56]). The election is solely one for the
creditor to make. A surety has no right as such to require the creditor to
proceed against the principal (or any of the co-sureties), or against any
security provided for the debt guaranteed before proceeding against himself
(see the English decision of Ewart v Latta (1865) 4 Macq 983 (HL) at 987 and
989 per Lord Westbury LC).

37 The position across the Commonwealth appears to be uniform: there is no
principle in law which requires a creditor to first realise the security it
holds in respect of the debt before issuing a bankruptcy application against a
surety. In Re Yohan Chandra, ex p United Overseas Bank Ltd [2001] 2 HKC 568
(affirmed, Re Yohan Chandra, ex p United Overseas Bank Ltd [2002] 2 HKC 64), a
bank extended banking facilities to a company which were secured (a) by a
joint and several guarantee executed by the appellant and one “Mr Soh”; and
(b) security provided by one of the company’s shareholders. The company
defaulted on repayment and the bank proceeded against the guarantor in
bankruptcy. Before the Hong Kong Court of First Instance, it was argued that
the bank should first have realised the security provided by the company’s
shareholder or proceeded against Mr Soh (who was alleged to be solvent) before
it proceeded against the guarantor. This argument was rejected. At 573B–C,
Deputy Judge Susan Kwan put it the following way:

It is not the law that a creditor can be compelled to proceed against a
solvent principal debtor or a solvent co-surety before he is allowed to place
the whole burden of the debt upon a particular surety. The debtor’s argument
that the bank was obliged to pursue its remedy against Mr Soh who was alleged
to be solvent before the bank could enforce its rights against the debtor is
not an argument of substance.

38 In Caisse populaire Desjardins Saint-Jean Baptiste de Lasalle v 164375
Canada inc., 1999 CanLII 13771 (QC CA), a bankruptcy petition had been
dismissed at first instance, inter alia, because the trial judge found that
the petitioning creditor’s claims could be satisfied on the guarantees and
securities which had been provided by third parties. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal of Quebec held that the trial judge had erred in law in taking these
third party guarantees into account in refusing to grant the bankruptcy order.
Rothman JA wrote (at 3):

But these third party guarantees did not in any way preclude the Caisse from
proceeding against its principal debtor, whether by way of bankruptcy petition
or otherwise. The debtor had no right to contest these proceedings on the
basis that the Caisse held guarantees from third parties for respondent's debt
of $342,000, and the trial judge erred in law in dismissing the bankruptcy
proceedings on that basis (Banque de Montréal v. Maroist 1989 CanLII 1292 (QC
CA), [1989] R.L. 497 (C.A.).

In a similar vein, the Court of Appeal for Ontario, affirmed the following
principle of law in Mastronardi (In Bankruptcy) (Re), 2000 CanLII 17002 (ON
CA) (at [28] per MacPherson JA):

… if the petitioner can satisfy the requirements of the [Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act], I see no reason for denying him access to the process and
remedies of the Act because there may be other civil routes open to him. The
BIA is not a second-rate or fallback statute that can only be invoked if other
avenues fail. I agree with Ground J. who said in Re Cappe (1933), 18 C.B.R.
(3d) 229 at 235 (Ont. Gen. Div.):

I know of no statutory or common law which requires that a petitioning
creditor have exhausted all other remedies available to that creditor to
collect the debt owing to him or her before proceeding with a petition for a
receiving order. In fact the jurisprudence would seem to be to the contrary.

39 Of course, the decisions in each of these cases must turn, in the ultimate
analysis, on the wording of the respective statutory provisions under
consideration but it appears to be clear to us that the principle of law which
undergirds them all is that a creditor has an unfettered election as to his
remedies. As a matter of legal policy, this must be correct. As we explained
in Anwar Patrick Adrian at [56], a major attraction of obtaining a guarantee
is that it simplifies the process of enforcing the primary obligation. Were we
to hold that creditors must exercise their rights to securities provided by
the principal debtor before proceeding against the guarantors in bankruptcy,
then we would not only be re-writing the express terms of the parties’
contract, but we would also be diminishing the attraction of guarantees as a
securing mechanism. That would not only be unfair to the respondent, but also
unwise, as a matter of legal policy.

40 Quite apart from the position under the authorities, it seemed to us that,
on these facts, it would be unfair to deny the Respondent the opportunity of
proceeding against the Appellant when the availability of multiple routes of
recovery was the very contractual basis upon which it had agreed to extend the
banking facilities. The parties had agreed, at cl 9 of the guarantee, that the
Respondent may exercise its rights under the guarantee without first taking
proceedings against TG. There is nothing before us to suggest that the
Appellant did not know what she was getting into when she signed the
guarantee. In particular, she never pleaded, when faced with the Respondent’s
application for summary judgment, that she did not understand the guarantee.
In these circumstances, we found that the Appellant had signed the guarantee
with her eyes wide open and it did not strike us as being unfair that she
should be held to account.

41 The Singapore High Court decision of Re Ho Kok Cheong, ex parte Banque
Paribas [2000] 2 SLR(R) 98, though decided on different facts, is instructive.
In that case, the appellant, a finance company, extended banking facilities to
two companies which were secured, inter alia, by mortgages provided by the
companies and by a personal guarantee furnished by one “Ho”. Both companies
fell into arrears. Separately, Ho was made a bankrupt on the petition of
another creditor. In the meantime, the appellant proceeded to realise its
securities but they proved insufficient to satisfy the debts owed. The
appellant then lodged a proof of debt for the sum of $9.5m, which it said was
outstanding under the banking facilities, against Ho’s estate. In deriving
this sum, the appellant first applied the proceeds of the securities it sold
towards the payment of the interest outstanding under the facilities before
applying it in reduction of the principal amounts owing. The Official Assignee
(“OA”) rejected the proof of debt. Among other things, it argued that the
appellant ought first to have applied the proceeds of the securities sold
towards a reduction of the principal amount due before applying it in
reduction of the interest. The difference between these two approaches was
significant. Because of the time which had elapsed (three years) and the rate
of contractual interest agreed to under the facilities (17% and 14.5% per
annum, respectively, with the default interest fixed at 1.5% per month), the
interest alone accounted for almost the entirety of the difference between the
$9.5m submitted by the appellant and the sum of $204,291.91 that the OA argued
ought to be admitted.

42 Judith Prakash J agreed with the appellant. The fundamental error of
principle committed by the OA, she held, lay in the attempt to cause
securities which belonged to the principal debtors (the companies) to enure to
the benefit of the guarantor (Ho). The respondent, as a secured creditor of
the companies, was fully entitled to apply the proceeds of the securities in
discharge of whatever liabilities of the companies which it thought fit
(including by applying it in discharge of the interest first before applying
it in discharge of the principal sum). Ho, as the guarantor of the loan, was
contractually obligated to make good whatever balance might remain due from
the companies after the securities had been realised. However, he was not in a
position to dictate how the respondent was to apply the securities or to
expect that the appellant would apply the realised sums in a manner which was
most advantageous to him. Prakash J explained her decision in the following
way (at [33]):

The appellant submitted that what the Official Assignee was attempting to do
was to cause securities that belonged to the liquidation of [the companies] to
enure to the bankruptcy of [Ho]. I agreed that to deny the appellant its full
rights of recovery against the bankrupt would be unjust. As a prudent lender,
the appellant took separate securities, the personal guarantees, so that sums
that could not be recovered by realising the mortgaged properties would
nonetheless be recoverable from the guarantors. Accepting the Official
Assignee’s position would have meant agreeing that the appellant did not
improve its position one iota by taking the additional security and its
aggregate recovery was limited to what would have been recoverable had the
appellant taken the guarantee alone as security. Legally, this could not be
the position. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

43 In the alternative, Mr Thuraisingam relied on the “principle of co-
extensiveness”, submitting that as a matter of law “a surety’s liability must
not be different in kind or greater in extent than that of the principal
debtor.” When he appeared before us, he put things even more broadly. It was a
“general principle of law”, he said, that “whatever defences [which are]
available to a principal borrower are always available to the guarantor
meaning the guarantor is no worse off than the principal debtor”. It was
therefore unfair that the TG, the principal debtor, was able to secure the
loan with the Appellant’s assistance but she is unable to rely on the security
of the principal debtor when faced with bankruptcy.

44 In our judgment, his reliance on the principle of co-extensiveness was
misplaced. As explained by Phillips J in the English High Court decision of
Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London v New
Hampshire Insurance Company (Queen’s Bench Division, 18 January 1991), a
guarantee is an accessory contract by which the promisor (the guarantor)
undertakes to be liable for the debt, default or miscarriage of another person
(the debtor), whose primary liability must exist or be contemplated in order
for the guarantee to be enforced. A corollary of this is that the guarantor’s
liability is secondary to that of the debtor and, accordingly, should be
neither different in kind nor degree. This is the basis for the principle of
co-extensiveness. And, in the House of Lords decision of Moschi v Lep Air
Services Ltd and others [1972] 2 WLR 1175 at 1183F–H, Lord Diplock put it in
the following terms:

The legal consequence of this is that whenever the debtor has failed
voluntarily to perform an obligation which is the subject of the guarantee the
creditor can recover from the guarantor as damages for breach of his contract
of guarantee whatever sum the creditor could have recovered from the debtor
himself as a consequence of that failure. The debtor’s liability to the
creditor is also the measure of the guarantor's.

45 The true statement of law was that which Mr Thuraisingam advanced in his
written submissions, which is that the principle of co-extensiveness provides
that a guarantor’s liability must mirror that of the principal debtor – ie,
the primary obligation of the guarantor (ie, the quantum of his liability)
should be co-extensive with that of the principal debtor. It is only in this
very specific sense that it is correct to state that a guarantor is “no worse
off” than the principal debtor and that he may avail himself of “whatever
defences” the principal debtor has. However, the principle of co-extensiveness
says nothing about whether guarantors should be equally vulnerable to whatever
compulsory process of law the creditor might have at his disposal for the
recovery of the debt. It is therefore incorrect for Mr Thuraisingam to have
extended this principle to submit, as he did in oral argument, that this means
that a creditor should only be allowed to proceed against a guarantor in
bankruptcy if he would also have been able to proceed against the primary
debtor in bankruptcy.

46 The decision of the English Court of Appeal in Remblance v Octagon Assets
Ltd [2010] 2 All ER 688 (“Remblance”), which Mr Thuraisingam cited in support
of his argument, is readily distinguishable. Remblance concerned a situation
where liability itself was contested. There, the respondent, a landlord, had
sued JBR (a company) for unpaid arrears arising out of a lease and served a
statutory demand for this sum on the appellant. The appellant was the
guarantor of the lease and he had covenanted that he would (a) ensure the
principal debtor (a tenant) would at all times pay the reserved rent and (b)
make good any losses which might accrue to the creditor as a result of the
principal debtor’s default. Critically, it was common ground that JBR had a
cross-claim against the creditor such that if the statutory demand had been
served on him instead, it would have been set aside on the basis that the
debtor appeared to have a counterclaim which exceeded the amount of the debt
(at [34]). Applying the principle of co-extensiveness, therefore, the
liability of the guarantor was held to be equally disputed and the appropriate
recourse was for matters to be adjudicated in civil proceedings rather than
through the insolvency process. On that basis, a majority of the English Court
of Appeal held that the guarantor was likewise entitled to set aside the
statutory demand.

47 There are two important differences between Remblance and the present case.
First, the provisions we are chiefly concerned with (rr 94(5) and 98(2)(c) of
the Rules) are not the provisions which were discussed in Remblance. In that
particular case, the English Court of Appeal was concerned with r 6.5(4)(a) of
the UK Insolvency Rules 1986 (“r 6.5(4)(a)”), which states that a court may
set aside a statutory demand if it appears that there is a “counterclaim, set-
off or cross demand which equals or exceeds the amount of the debt”. The
object of r 6.5(4)(a) – which is in pari materia with r 98(2)(a) of the Rules
– is to protect the debtor from facing the consequences of bankruptcy
proceedings when he might have a counterclaim which might negate his
obligation to pay the debt in question (see Remblance at [44] per Dyson LJ).
In other words, r 6.5(4)(a) deals with the issue of liability. For this
reason, possible “defences” available to the principal debtor under r
6.5(4)(a) should also be available to the guarantor. The position under rr
94(5) and 98(2)(c) of the Rules is quite different. It relates, instead, to
the regulation of the estate of the bankrupt. We have already explained how
third party securities are irrelevant to the estate of the bankrupt because
they can never form part of the assets available for distribution among his
creditors. Thus, the fact that the principal debtor might have a basis for
setting aside a statutory demand under r 98(2)(c) does not, without more, mean
that a guarantor should likewise have such a basis.

48 Second, on the facts of this appeal, it is clear that the Appellant is
fully liable for the sum specified in the statutory demand. The Appellant
covenanted, under cl 1 of the guarantee, to be liable for the full sum owed by
TG to the Respondent under the facilities “on demand as principal debtor and
not merely as surety.” The fact that the principal debtor has provided
security which might be sufficient to cover the full sum of the Appellant’s
liability is quite beside the point. It does not affect the Appellant’s
liability, which is still to make good the full sum owing under the
facilities. It also does not affect the Respondent’s entitlement to elect
between the different remedies available to him, which are, inter alia, to
realise the security, to sue TG, and/or to proceed against the other
guarantors.

49 In any event, the question before this court is whether rr 94(5) and
98(2)(c) of the Rules require a petitioning creditor to specify the details of
securities provided by third parties in their statutory demands. We have
already concluded, based on the text and the purpose of the provisions in
question, that they do not. Neither the Appellant’s argument from fairness nor
his argument from the principle of co-extensiveness has persuaded us to depart
from this position.

Extension of time

50 Given our decision on the substantive issue, the question whether an
extension of time ought to have been granted did not arise for consideration.
For that reason, we do not propose to dwell on that in these grounds suffice
to say that we agreed substantially both with the reasoning and the analysis
of the Judge on this issue. On that ground alone, we would have dismissed this
appeal. We would only wish to emphasise that entry into settlement
negotiations does not and cannot stop time from running. Parties (and their
solicitors) who are in the midst of negotiations must prepare for any
eventuality and must take such steps as are necessary to preserve their legal
positions in the event that settlement negotiations fail and they wish to
pursue other legal options. If they do not do so, then they run the risk that
they will be out of time (for a useful statement as well as illustration of
this principle, reference may be made to the Supreme Court of Zambia decision
of Twampane v Msorti [2011] ZMSC 18).

Conclusion

51 In the premises, we dismissed the appeal with the usual consequential
orders. We fixed the costs of the appeal at $20,000 plus reasonable
disbursements and ordered that the Appellant pay that sum to the Respondent.

52 In addition to the usual consequential orders, we also directed that if the
Respondent wished to file a bankruptcy application based on the statutory
demand, it should do so within three weeks of the dismissal of the appeal.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

Eugene Thuraisingam and Jerrie Tan Qiu Lin (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
appellant;  
Chou Sean Yu, Aw Wen Ni and Daniel Chan (WongPartnership LLP).

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

