Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 15

Suit No 489 of 2015  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 339 of 2015)

Between

HT S.R.L.  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Wee Shuo Woon  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Privileges]

[Evidence] — [Admissibility of Evidence]

[Equity] — [Remedies]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
HT S.R.L.

  
v

  

Wee Shuo Woon

[2016] SGHC 15

High Court — Suit No 489 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 339 of 2015)  
Hoo Sheau Peng JC  
21 December 2015; 8 January 2016

15 February 2016

Hoo Sheau Peng JC:

Introduction

1 Party A sues Party B. Subsequently, Party A’s computer systems are “hacked”,
resulting in privileged and confidential communications between Party A and
his lawyer which pertain to the pending suit being uploaded onto the internet.
Party B has nothing to do with this. Can Party A stop Party B from using these
communications in the pending suit? This was the central dispute in this
appeal, and it raised interesting questions about the interaction between the
concepts of admissibility, privilege, and confidentiality.

The facts

2 The facts are straightforward. The plaintiff, HT S.R.L. (“the Plaintiff”),
an Italian company, specialises in security technology which it supplies to
law enforcement and intelligence agencies. It commenced the present suit
against the defendant, Wee Shuo Woon (“the Defendant”), for breaches of his
employment contract.

3 After the commencement of the present suit, the Plaintiff’s computer systems
were hacked by an unknown party. There is no evidence that the Defendant was
involved in the hacking. Substantial amounts of information obtained from
those systems were then uploaded onto the internet, including onto the website
known as “WikiLeaks”. The uploaded information included certain email
communications exchanged between the Plaintiff and their lawyers, M/s Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC (formerly known as Stamford Law Corporation) (“the
Emails”). The Emails contained legal advice, as well as specific information
and materials pertaining to the present suit. The Emails included express
provisos that they “contain privileged and confidential information”.

4 Subsequently, the Defendant accessed the Emails on the internet. Relying on
the contents of the Emails, the Defendant filed Summons No 3852 of 2015 under
Order 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of
Court”), seeking to strike out the bulk of the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim
on the ground of abuse of process (“the striking out application”). The
Defendant alleged that the present suit had been initiated for the collateral
purpose of obtaining documents to further the Plaintiff’s interests in other
proceedings. In the Defendant’s affidavit in support of the striking out
application, he referred to the Emails and exhibited them. In response, the
Plaintiff filed Summons No 3990 of 2015, seeking an order under O 41 r 6 of
the Rules of Court for all references to the Emails in the body of the
affidavit and the copies of the Emails themselves, which were exhibited in an
annexure, to be expunged from the Defendant’s affidavit (“the prayer to
expunge”), and for an injunction to restrain the Defendant from further use of
the same (“the prayer for an injunction”). Should the prayer to expunge be
allowed, the Defendant’s striking out application would not be sustainable as
it was largely premised on the contents of the Emails.

5 When the parties appeared before the Assistant Registrar (“AR”), they were
informed that injunctions were not routinely granted by ARs. In response,
Plaintiff’s Counsel indicated that the Plaintiff was content to proceed only
with the prayer to expunge, and not with the prayer for an injunction (while
reserving the right to apply afresh for an injunction at a subsequent stage).
Subsequently, the AR granted the prayer to expunge. Dissatisfied with the AR’s
decision, the Defendant appealed. After hearing the parties, I dismissed the
appeal. Given the novelty of the issues, I now provide my reasons.

The parties’ arguments

6 Before me, the parties did not dispute that prior to being uploaded onto the
internet, the Emails attracted legal professional privilege, and that the
Plaintiff did not waive such privilege. Also, the parties did not dispute that
the Emails were originally confidential in nature. However, Counsel for the
Defendant, Mr Nicholas Philip Lazarus (“Mr Lazarus”), contended that the AR
had erred in proceeding on the basis that privilege continued to subsist in
the Emails even after they had entered the “public domain” so as to grant the
prayer to expunge. Broadly, Mr Lazarus put his case as follows:

(a) The question of whether the Emails may enter into evidence is a question
of admissibility, and not privilege. The Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“EA”) exhaustively governs the admissibility of evidence. Relevant evidence
is admissible, unless such evidence falls within the exclusionary rules of the
EA. All the provisions of the EA concerned with privileged communications,
particularly ss 128 and 131, did not apply on the present facts.

(b) Any common law rule concerning privileged communications would not apply.
In any event, under common law, the Emails would still be admissible.

(c) Even if the common law were to provide for the exclusion of privileged
communications, the court should decline to do so because the Emails had
already entered into the “public domain” in that they had been uploaded onto
the internet and were freely available to anyone who might wish to access
them.

7 I should state that Mr Lazarus’s arguments were different from those which
he raised before the AR. Then, Mr Lazarus argued that privilege had been lost
because of the Plaintiff’s iniquitous conduct in that the Plaintiff had
initiated the present suit for a collateral purpose. This argument was not
pursued on appeal, possibly because of the reasons given by the AR, who held
that “this is far from a case whether there has been iniquitous conduct”.

8 In response, Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr Adrian Tan (“Mr Tan”), submitted
that the EA did not apply in this case since the EA did not govern the
presentation of evidence by way of affidavits.

9 Relying on the position at common law, Mr Tan submitted that there was legal
basis to grant the prayer to expunge. The Defendant had confused the concept
of privilege with that of confidentiality. These are different legal doctrines
with different consequences. The fact that the Emails could be viewed on the
internet (and, presumably, that confidentiality has been lost), did not
necessarily entail that privilege no longer subsisted. Considering the
circumstances leading to the Emails being uploaded onto the internet, there
could not be said to have been any waiver of privilege by the Plaintiff.

10 Turning to the “public domain” argument, Mr Tan stated that the expression
“public domain” is a term of art which means entry into the court’s record. It
is only when this takes place that otherwise privileged documents will lose
their privileged status. The inclusion of privileged material in an affidavit,
without more, does not constitute an entry into the court’s record if the
substantive hearing in respect of which that affidavit has been filed has not
taken place. Since the Defendant’s striking out application has yet to be
heard, the Emails had yet to enter the “public domain”.

11 As privilege subsisted in the Emails, Mr Tan argued that “they obviously do
not belong anywhere in the Court documents.” On a point of policy, he
submitted that legal professional privilege would be critically undermined if
the appeal were to be allowed because it would set a precedent that “a party
can obtain information of the other party, by fair means or foul, and put the
information in the public domain and then use it.”

The issues

12 From the foregoing, it is clear that the parties disagreed whether the
matter should be examined through the lenses of the admissibility of evidence,
privilege or confidentiality. For clarity, I thought it necessary to reframe
the issues as follows:

(a) Was the matter governed exclusively by the EA? If Mr Lazarus was correct
that only the EA need be considered, then the bulk of Mr Tan’s submissions,
based on the common law, need not be considered.

(b) Did the common law provide the Plaintiff any basis to seek the prayer to
expunge? The underlying question was whether the matter should be governed by
the admissibility of evidence, privilege or confidentiality, or a combination
of two or all three.

(c) Did the fact that the Emails had been uploaded onto the internet and were
generally accessible pose a barrier to the grant of the prayer to expunge? In
considering this issue, I will examine the “public domain” arguments raised by
the parties.

13 Before I turn to the issues, I make one preliminary point. The prayer to
expunge was brought under O 41 r 6 of the Rules of Court which provides that
the “[c]ourt may order to be struck out of any affidavit any matter which is
scandalous, irrelevant or otherwise oppressive.” The parties did not address
me on the ambit of O 41 r 6, and proceeded broadly on the premise that if it
were established that this court had any legal basis to restrain the use of
the Emails, then the court could grant the prayer to expunge under O 41 r 6.
Accordingly, I proceeded on this basis.

Was this matter governed exclusively by the Evidence Act?

14 Mr Lazarus submitted that the EA only protects legal professional privilege
as follows: (a) it enjoins advocates and solicitors from disclosing any
communications made to them in the course of and for the purpose of their
employment as advocates and solicitors without their client’s express consent
(s 128(1) of the EA); and (b) it affords persons an immunity from being
compelled to disclose confidential communications between them and their legal
professional advisors (s 131(1) of the EA). It was clear that neither of these
provisions applied in this matter. Mr Lazarus further submitted that the EA
exhaustively governs all rules relating to evidence in judicial proceedings,
and the absence of any specific provision providing for the exclusion of
privileged communications from evidence is therefore fatal to the prayer to
expunge. In my view, the Defendant’s latter contention was unmeritorious.

15 First, the EA does not go so far as to say that the common law is entirely
irrelevant. Section 2(2) says that “[a]ll rules of evidence not contained in
any written law, so far as such rules are inconsistent with any of the
provisions of this Act, are repealed” [emphasis added]. As the High Court
explained in Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis [2008] 2 SLR(R)
239 at [117], this means that the common law rules of evidence (including new
rules developed after the EA was passed) can be given effect provided they
“are not inconsistent with the provisions of the EA or their underlying
rationale.”

16 Second, as Mr Tan rightly pointed out, the EA did not even apply in this
case. Section 2(1) of the EA states that it “shall apply to all judicial
proceedings in or before any court, but not to affidavits presented to any
court” [emphasis added]. For example, in HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Lucky
Realty Co Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR 885, the court held that the provisions of the
EA which regulate the admissibility of extrinsic evidence did not apply
because the matter was one which had been commenced by originating summons and
the evidence was contained solely in affidavits. Likewise, the present matter
concerned evidence contained in affidavits, and so the EA did not apply.

17 Third, in Yap Sing Lee v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1267
[2011] 2 SLR 998, the court held that the management corporation of a
development was able to assert legal professional privilege over certain
documents in proceedings before a Strata Titles Board even though the
provisions of the EA which pertained to “judicial proceedings” did not apply.
If the common law rules on legal professional privilege apply outside the
judicial context, I am of the view that they may apply in relation to
affidavits filed in interlocutory proceedings which precede a trial.

18 Fourth, without pre-empting the analysis that will follow, confidentiality
is a potential legal basis for relief. Unlike the notions of admissibility and
privilege which form aspects of the law of evidence, the law of confidence
falls outside the law of evidence, and is not affected by the EA. With this, I
turn to discuss whether the common law provided the Plaintiff any basis for
relief.

Did the common law provide basis for relief?

19 To begin, I hope to disentangle the confusion relating to the admissibility
of evidence and privilege. A privilege is asserted by a person to say that he
or she has “a right to resist the compulsory disclosure of information” (see B
and others v Auckland District Law Society and another [2003] 3 WLR 859 at
[67], per Lord Millett). The effect of a successful claim is that the
disclosure of information may be withheld. In contrast, “admissibility”
describes a particular quality of evidence. It relates to the question of
whether that particular piece of evidence may be received by the court as
proof of certain facts. Under the common law, evidence is admissible if it is
relevant to the matters in issue and the court is not concerned with how the
evidence was obtained (see Kuruma, Son of Kaniu v The Queen [1955] 2 WLR 223
at 226 and 227, per Lord Goddard CJ). For this reason, in Black & Decker Inc v
Flymo Ltd [1991] 1 WLR 753 at 755C, Hoffmann J (as he then was) said that once
a “document has passed into the hands of the other party the question is no
longer one of privilege but of admissibility.”

20 The Plaintiff asserted that much of the Defendant’s affidavit should be
struck out because the Emails are “protected by legal professional privilege”,
and in relying on them in his affidavit, the Defendant is “misusing privileged
information”. Put another way, the Plaintiff was saying that because of legal
professional privilege, the Emails should not enter into evidence. The problem
with this argument, as the Defendant pointed out, is that it seemed to confuse
the concept of privilege with the admissibility of evidence. Legal
professional privilege would protect the Plaintiff (and his lawyer) from being
compelled to disclose privileged material through compulsory legal process.
However, it has nothing to do with whether copies of the Emails, which are
already in the possession of the Defendant, may be adduced as evidence. To
this extent, I agreed with Mr Lazarus that this is a question of admissibility
of evidence, and that the general rule is that the Emails can be adduced as
evidence so long as they are relevant.

21 However, that is not the end of the matter. To explain why, I turn to the
relationship between the concepts of privilege and confidentiality. It is
axiomatic that there can be no privilege without confidentiality. Unless the
communication is a confidential one, there can be no question of legal
professional privilege attaching thereto (see Three Rivers District Council v
Bank of England (No 6) [2004] 3 WLR 1274 at [8], [26], per Lord Scott of
Foscote). However, confidence alone does not confer a right upon persons to
resist compulsory disclosure. In McGuinness v A-G (1940) 63 CLR 73 at 102–103,
Dixon J said, “no obligation of honour, no duties of non-disclosure arising
from the nature of a pursuit or calling, could stand in the way of the
imperative necessity of revealing the truth in the witness box.” That is
precisely what privilege does. It provides immunity from compulsory
disclosure. The Plaintiff is therefore correct in saying that privilege and
confidentiality, though intricately linked, are distinct legal concepts which
attract different legal consequences.

22 Since the 19th century, equity has intervened to prevent the unauthorised
use of the confidential information contained in privileged material as
evidence in court proceedings through the grant of injunctions. The question
is whether this applies in Singapore and, if so, whether this practice extends
to the expunging of portions of an affidavit containing privileged
communications. To answer this question, it is perhaps worthwhile to examine
in more detail a line of cases beginning with the decision of the English
Court of Appeal in Calcraft v Guest [1898] 1 QB 759 (“Calcraft”).

Calcraft v Guest

23 In Calcraft, the plaintiff, the owner of a fishery, successfully sued the
defendant for trespass. The central question in the trial was the limits of
the upper boundary of the fishery. After the trial, the defendant came into
possession of some documents which related to an earlier litigation to which
the plaintiff’s predecessor-in-title had been party and which were relevant to
the question of the boundary of the fishery. These documents were in the
possession of the grandson of the solicitor who had acted for the plaintiff’s
predecessor in title. It was not disputed that these documents were
privileged. The defendant’s solicitors inspected these documents and made
copies of them but subsequently returned the originals to the plaintiff on
demand. Nonetheless, the defendant sought to admit copies of these documents
in her appeal and the question was whether they were admissible. The court
answered the question in the affirmative. Lindley MR (with whom the rest of
the court agreed) held that the defendant was entitled to give “secondary
evidence” (ie, copies) of the contents of these documents even though the
originals were privileged (at 764).

24 Although this decision has been much criticised for the absence of any
discussion of the principles underpinning legal professional privilege, it
seems to me that it recognises the dichotomy between privilege and
admissibility. Privilege would have barred the defendant from demanding the
production of the original documents from the plaintiff. However, privilege is
no barrier to the admissibility of the secondary evidence of the documents
(once they had come into the possession of the defendant), that being an issue
governed solely by the question of relevance (see [20] above).

Lord Ashburton v Pape

25 In the later case of Lord Ashburton v Pape [1913] 2 Ch 469 (“Lord
Ashburton”), the defendant was a bankrupt whose discharge was opposed by the
plaintiff, a substantial creditor. In the course of proceedings, the
defendant, through an act of collusion, managed to obtain certain letters
which had been exchanged between the plaintiff and his late solicitor. The
plaintiff filed an application to seek the delivery up of the originals and an
injunction to restrain the defendant from publishing or making use further use
of any copies which he might have. At first instance, the judge ordered the
delivery up of the originals and granted the injunction against the future
publication and use of the letters but, thinking himself bound by Calcraft,
added a proviso to preserve the defendant’s right to use such copies of the
letters as they might have in the subsisting bankruptcy proceedings. The
plaintiff appealed against the inclusion of this proviso and succeeded.

26 From the judgment, it is clear that the basis upon which the injunction was
granted was the court’s equitable jurisdiction to restrain the publication of
confidential information (at 472, per Cozens-Hardy MR; at 473–474, per Kennedy
LJ; at 475, per Swinfen Eady LJ). The members of the court were alive to the
fact that their decision was in apparent conflict with Calcraft and sought to
address it in the following way. They said that Calcraft merely stood as
authority for the proposition that secondary evidence of documents may be
admissible into evidence even if the originals were privileged from
production. However, the fact that these documents might be admissible did not
affect the court’s equitable jurisdiction to grant an injunction to order
their delivery up or to restrain their publication or copying on the basis
that they contained confidential material which had been improperly obtained.
This comes through most clearly in the speech of Swinfen Eady LJ where he said
(at 476–477):

There is here a confusion between the right to restrain a person from
divulging confidential information and the right to give secondary evidence of
documents where the originals are privileged from production, if the party has
such secondary evidence in his possession. The cases are entirely separate and
distinct. If a person were to steal a deed, nevertheless in any dispute to
which it was relevant the original deed might be given in evidence by him at
the trial. It would be no objection to the admissibility of the deed in
evidence to say you ought not to have possession of it. His unlawful
possession would not affect the admissibility of the deed in evidence if
otherwise admissible. So again with regard to any copy he had. If he was
unable to obtain or compel production of the original because it was
privileged, if he had a copy in his possession it would be admissible as
secondary evidence. The fact, however, that a document, whether original or
copy, is admissible in evidence is no answer to the demand of the lawful owner
for the delivery up of the document, and no answer to an application by the
lawful owner of confidential information to restrain it from being published
or copied. [emphasis added]

27 As explained earlier, Calcraft is founded on the dichotomy between
privilege (which applies to the original documents) and admissibility (which
governs the question of whether secondary evidence of the documents may be
entered into evidence). Lord Ashburton is premised on the distinction between
the admissibility of the documents into evidence (which is governed by the law
of evidence) and the confidential nature of the information within the
documents (which is protected by the law of confidence).

Goddard v Nationwide Building Society

28 In Webster v James Chapman & Co [1989] 3 All ER 939 at 943j, Scott J (as he
then was) explained that Calcraft and Lord Ashburton represented “two
independent and free-standing principles of jurisprudence.” The principle in
the former is part of the law of evidence and it relates to the scope of
protection afforded by legal professional privilege, while the principle in
the latter belongs to the law of confidentiality and it relates to the scope
of protection afforded by equity for confidential documents. For this reason,
May LJ, in the leading case of Goddard and another v Nationwide Building
Society [1986] 3 WLR 734 (“Goddard”), was able to synthesise the effect of the
two decisions in the following way (at 743F–G):

… If a litigant has in his possession copies of documents to which legal
professional privilege attaches he may nevertheless use such copies as
secondary evidence in his litigation: however, if he has not yet used the
documents in that way, the mere fact that he intends to do so is no answer to
a claim against him by the person in whom the privilege is vested for delivery
up of the copies or to restrain him from disclosing or making any use of any
information contained in them. [emphasis added]

29 In Goddard, a solicitor acted for both the plaintiff buyers and defendant
seller in the purchase of a house. The seller, a building society, also
extended a mortgage to the buyers and the same solicitor also acted for both
parties in the conclusion of the mortgage. In the course of acting for the
buyers in respect of the purchase and mortgage transactions, the solicitor
took an attendance note in which he recorded one of the buyer’s responses to
information he received from the seller. Subsequently, it transpired that the
house was in a dangerous condition and the buyers sued the seller. The
solicitor, upon finding out about the proceedings, sent a copy of the
attendance note to the seller, which pleaded its contents in their defence. In
response, the buyers filed two separate applications. The first was for the
passages in the defence which referred to the note to be struck out. The
second was for an injunction to restrain the defendant from further use of the
attendance note and for delivery up of the note and any copies which may have
been made. The buyers succeeded on both applications on appeal.

30 One important point that emerges from the decision in Goddard is that an
injunction is only available before the documents have entered into evidence
or otherwise have been relied upon at trial (744H–745A, per Nourse LJ). When
the court considers whether to grant the injunction, it decides the matter
based on the law on the breach of confidence. However, once the documents have
been entered into evidence, then the matter moves to the domain of the law of
evidence. Thereafter, whether the evidence may be expunged from the court’s
record falls to be governed by the common law rules on admissibility and, if
it goes that far, the court’s inherent discretion to exclude otherwise
admissible evidence. If a plaintiff desires to seek relief, he must do so
before the matter falls out of the reach of equity (and the law of confidence)
and passes into the realm of the law of evidence.

31 Thus explained in Goddard, the decisions in Calcraft and Lord Ashburton are
compatible. Nonetheless, there is no denying that they sit uncomfortably
together. While Calcraft leans towards the inclusion of more relevant
information, Lord Ashburton inclines towards the exclusion of evidence in the
interest of protecting the confidential content of privileged communications.
Certainly, it does not appear entirely satisfactory that the question of
whether privileged communications will enter into evidence depends on when
steps are taken to restrain the use thereof (see Goddard at 743F, per May LJ).

32 Be that as it may, subsequent authorities in England have largely followed
Goddard (see Phipson on Evidence (Hodge M Malek gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th
Ed, 2013) at paras 26-42). The modern position in England was neatly
summarised in a recent decision of the English High Court in the following
terms: “once a privileged document comes into the hands of an opposing party,
the law in relation to breach of confidence comes into play and the Court may
intervene in its equitable jurisdiction to prevent an actual or threatened
breach of confidence” (see Harry George Kousouros v Richard O’Halloran and
another [2014] EWHC 2294 (Ch) at [65]).

The position in Singapore: Tentat and Gelatissimo

33 Calcraft has been considered in two local cases which parties cited before
me, the first of which is Tentat Singapore Pte Ltd v Multiple Granite Pte Ltd
and others [2009] 1 SLR(R) 42 (“Tentat”). There, Tentat Holdings Pte Ltd
(“Tentat Holdings”) sued Multiple Granite Pte Ltd (“Multiple Granite”) for the
recovery of two loans. Tentat Holdings applied for summary judgment and this
was resisted by the Multiple Granite. The latter’s CEO, one “THH”, filed an
affidavit in support of Multiple Granite’s defence in which there were
exhibited certain email communications exchanged between the applicant (Tentat
Holdings’s related company) and their solicitors. THH had come into possession
of these emails because he was also the Chief Investment Officer of Tentat
Holdings at the time and was therefore copied in the correspondence. The
applicant then commenced a separate originating summons seeking a declaration
that these emails constituted privileged communications and seeking also
further orders that (a) all references to the emails in THH’s affidavit be
struck out and (b) that an injunction be granted to restrain Multiple Granite
and THH from future use of these emails. In resisting the application,
Multiple Granite and THH argued that the emails in question were not
privileged and that, even if they were, secondary evidence of these emails
could be given under the rule set out in Calcraft.

34 Kan Ting Chiu J first held the emails were privileged. Thereafter, he
turned to consider Calcraft. After going through the various authorities, Kan
J endorsed Goddard, observing that a party who sought to restrain the use of
his privileged and confidential communications had to do so before the
evidence is used. He considered (at [39]–[41]) that the critical question was
whether the emails had already been “used”: viz, whether “Multiple Granite and
THH… [had] ‘adduced the confidential communication in evidence or otherwise
relied on it at trial’” (at [42]). At [34] and [40], Kan J explained the
relevance of this inquiry in the following way:

34 … the right to use the copies is liable to be defeated by timely objection
and Nourse LJ affirmed that at 684–685 that:

The crucial point is that the party who desires the protection must seek it
before the other party has adduced the confidential communication in evidence
or otherwise relied on it at trial.

…

40 When a document has become a part of the record in any court proceedings,
the information in the document enters into the public domain, and it will be
too late to preserve the privilege in the document. [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

35 I will return to the concept of the “public domain” later. For now, the
point to be made is that what Kan J meant by entry into the “public domain” is
the entry of the documents into evidence in court proceedings. He did not
contemplate any other scenario in which documents could be said to have
entered into the public domain. This is made clear from the fact that he cited
the portion of Nourse LJ’s speech (also reproduced at [34] above) wherein
Nourse LJ clarified that recourse to the equitable jurisdiction of the court
may only be had “before the other party has adduced the confidential
information or otherwise relied on it at trial” [emphasis added].

36 On the facts, Kan J held that while the emails had been exhibited in an
affidavit filed in respect of the application for summary judgment, the
hearing for summary judgment had yet to take place. Thus, the emails had not
formally been admitted into evidence and the offending portions of the
affidavit could still be expunged and an order could be made to restrain
Tentat Holdings and THH from future use of the same (at [41]–[42]). For that
reason, he granted the orders. It is worth nothing that in granting the
application for all references to the emails in THH’s affidavit to be struck
out, Kan J was following the lead of the court in Goddard, which had granted
both the application for the offending portions of the defence to be struck
out and the application to restrain future use of the emails.

37 The second local case is Gelatissimo Ventures (S) Pte Ltd and others v
Singapore Flyer Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 833. In that case, the plaintiffs had
employed a solicitor on a joint retainer to sue the defendant for breach of
contract. Following the commencement of proceedings, one of the plaintiffs
withdrew from the action and forwarded the defendant’s manager, one Mr Yeo, a
series of emails which had been exchanged between the plaintiffs and their
solicitor. The remaining plaintiffs subsequently commenced an application for
pre-action discovery and the defendant relied on these emails (which were
exhibited in an affidavit filed by Mr Yeo) in resisting the application. The
plaintiffs then applied for all references to these emails in Mr Yeo’s
affidavit to be expunged. The defendant accepted that the emails were
privileged but argued, inter alia, that if emails were inadvertently
disclosed, secondary evidence could be given of them under the rule in
Calcraft.

38 Lai Siu Chiu J followed Tentat and likewise held that the critical question
was whether the emails in question had been used in any court proceedings or
had otherwise been released into the public domain (at [24]). Since neither of
these had taken place, she held that privilege still subsisted in these
communications and that the court could restrain the defendant from using them
by granting an order that all references made to them in Mr Yeo’s affidavit be
expunged (at [26]).

39 One point to note is that Lai J expressed the view that “it seemed clear
that Kan J had actually rejected the principles stated in Calcraft in favour
of a more protective attitude towards privileged documents” (at [23]). With
respect, I do not believe that Kan J rejected the principles stated in
Calcraft. While he acknowledged that the “rule [in Calcraft] has engendered
disagreement and controversy” (see Tentat at [28]), he subsequently affirmed
that “Calcraft is established law” (at [38]). Furthermore, by endorsing
Goddard (see Tentat at [34], cited at [34] above), Kan J appears to have
implicitly endorsed Calcraft. In Goddard, the court attempted to reconcile, on
a technical level, the operation of both the common law rule of evidence
articulated in Calcraft and the equitable jurisdiction of the court to
restrain breaches of confidence, as exemplified in Lord Ashburton.

40 In my view, the following propositions may be distilled from the cases,
which I adopt and apply. First, the fact that a document is privileged is not
a barrier to the admissibility of copies of the same into evidence. Second,
the court may, in the exercise of its equitable jurisdiction to restrain
breach of confidence, restrict the disclosure and use of privileged documents
which have been disclosed to third parties to protect its confidential
character. Third, the court may restrain the use of the privileged documents
by way of an order to expunge offending portions of pleadings or affidavits.
The court is not limited to an order for delivery up or the grant of an
injunction. Fourth, such an application must be filed before the privileged
documents have been formally admitted into evidence. After the privileged
documents have entered into evidence, their exclusion would then fall to be
governed by the common law rules on evidence.

41 My analysis of the law has taken me in a different direction from both
parties. On the one hand, while I agreed with Mr Lazarus that privilege is
distinct from the admissibility of evidence, I did not find that to be a
complete answer to the question of whether the Emails may be expunged from the
affidavits. It failed to take into account the confidential character of the
information within the Emails, which may be the subject of an action to
restrain breach of confidence. On the other hand, while I agreed with Mr Tan
that the concepts of privilege and confidentiality were distinct, I disagreed
that privilege was the ground on which relief may be granted and that,
therefore, the question was simply whether privilege subsisted. Indeed, it was
not disputed that privilege had not been waived. However, it is
confidentiality, and not privilege, which would provide the legal basis for
the prayer to expunge. With that, I turn to the next issue as to whether the
Emails may still be the subject of an action to restrain breach of confidence.
This requires consideration of the legal effect of the Emails having been
placed on the internet.

Should the Emails be expunged?

42 Broadly summarised, the parties’ contentions in this area centred on the
concept of the “public domain”. Mr Lazarus submitted that once privileged
documents have entered the “public domain”, they should no longer be protected
by the law. While he accepted, in response to the Plaintiff’s submission, that
the cases, especially Tentat and Gelatissimo, speak of release into the
“public domain” in the context of the entry of documents into evidence in
court proceedings, he argued that it should not be so restrictively understood
but should include material which had been released onto the internet and was
freely accessible to all. By contrast, Mr Tan submitted that privileged
information would only cease to be protected when it is included in the record
in court proceedings as it is only then it may be said that the documents have
entered into the “public domain”. In any event, citing policy reasons, he
argued that privileged materials could and should still be protected even if
publicly accessible.

The public domain argument

43 After examining the arguments more closely, it became apparent to me that
the parties were using the expression “public domain” in two different senses.
I will refer to these as the “narrow” and “broad” senses respectively, and
consider how entry of the materials into the “public domain” in either sense
affects the equitable jurisdiction of the court to restrain the use of the
materials via the law of confidence.

The narrow sense — entry into the court’s record

44 In the narrow sense, to say that documents have entered into the “public
domain” merely means that the documents have entered into evidence (ie,
entered the court’s record), putting them beyond the reach of equity and the
law of confidence. This is the sense in which the expression was used in
Tentat (see [35] above) and also the sense in which the expression was used by
the Plaintiff in its submissions, as the Plaintiff relied primarily on Tentat
and Gelatissimo. On the facts, the Emails have not been used in the present
suit. They have only been referred to and exhibited in the Defendant’s
affidavit filed in support of the striking out application, which has yet to
be heard. In this regard, the present facts fell squarely within Tentat and
Gelatissimo. I found that the Emails had yet to enter into evidence in the
narrow sense, and the court still had the jurisdiction to grant the prayer to
expunge.

The broad sense — materials generally known and accessible

45 In the broad sense, to say that the documents have entered into the “public
domain” is to say that they have become “public property and public knowledge”
(see Coco v A N Clark (Engineers) Ltd [1969] RPC 41 at 47). This appears to be
the sense in which the Defendant was mainly using the expression. To
reiterate, Mr Lazarus argues that given that the Emails had been uploaded onto
the internet and were freely available for access, they were in the public
domain, and could not be protected by the law. In other words, Mr Lazarus’s
point could be understood to mean that the law of confidence does not act to
protect information which is so widely known that there is no confidentiality
to protect.

46 The problem with Mr Lazarus’ argument is that it treats the concept of
“public domain’ as a rule to be mechanistically applied, as if the fact that
documents are publicly accessible alone would be sufficient to defeat a claim
for protection. I am unable to agree with the approach. In order to explain
why, I think it is important to go back to first principles to understand
precisely why the law of confidence does not protect matters which are
publicly known and publicly accessible. In Attorney-General v Observer Ltd and
others and other appeals [1990] 1 AC 109 (the “Spycatcher” case), it was
observed that the scope of the duty of confidentiality is subject to the
limiting principle that “confidentiality only applies to information to the
extent that it is confidential”. Lord Goff of Chieveley went on to state at
282C that:

In particular, once it has entered what is usually called the public domain
(which means no more than that the information in question is so generally
accessible that, in all the circumstances, it cannot be regarded as
confidential) then, as a general rule, the principle of confidentiality can
have no application to it.

47 In my view, the “public domain” concept does not appear to be an inflexible
rule. Accessibility is but an aspect affecting the scope of the duty of
confidentiality. The fact that the documents are publicly accessible (even on
the internet) would not on its own necessarily stifle an action in confidence.
In each case, the court is really concerned with “whether the degree of
accessibility to the information is such that, in all the circumstances, it
would not be just to require the party against whom a duty of confidentiality
is alleged to treat the information as confidential” (see R G Toulson and C M
Phipps, Confidentiality (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2012) (“Confidentiality”) at
para 3-110).

48 With that in mind, one reason why the law of confidence would not cover
documents in the public domain is because generally, there is no purpose to
grant an injunction when the material is already publicly known and
accessible. The facts of the Spycatcher case illustrate this. W, a former
member of the British Secret Service, in violation of his duty of
confidentiality, wrote a book on his experiences. The book was widely
published worldwide and was the subject of intense popular interest.
Eventually, a number of national newspapers in the UK began serialising
extracts from the book. In response, the Attorney-General sought an injunction
to prevent further publication. This was refused by the House of Lords, which
held that given how widely circulated the book was, all possible damage had
been done and there would be no use in ordering an injunction to restrain
further publication (at 260E–F, per Lord Keith of Kinkel; at 267D, per Lord
Brightman; at 277G, per Lord Griffith; at 291B–C, per Lord Goff of Chieveley).

49 Therefore, the question is not so much the accessibility of the information
per se but whether the degree of public accessibility is such that it would be
senseless, as a practical matter, to try to protect the information as
confidential (see Confidentiality at para 3-128). This requires a court to
examine if there is any value to the party claiming confidentiality against
the other party and is essentially a question of fact. As Lord Hoffmann put it
in OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others and other appeals [2007] 2 WLR 920
(“the Hello! case”) at [122]:

My Lords, it is certainly the case that once information gets into the public
domain, it can no longer be the subject of confidence. Whatever the
circumstances in which it was obtained, there is no point in the law providing
protection. But whether this is the case or not depends on the nature of the
information. Whether there is still a point in enforcing the obligation of
confidence depends on the facts. …

[Emphasis in italics]

50 For example, in Creation Records Ltd and others v News Group Newspapers Ltd
(1997) 39 IPR 1, members of the famous rock band, Oasis, gathered at a hotel
to take photographs for the cover of their forthcoming album. The defendant
managed, through an act of subterfuge and in breach of confidence, to take
pictures of the shoot which were published in three editions of their
newspaper, “The Sun”. The defendant also invited readers to write in to
purchase glossy posters of the shoot. The court granted the plaintiffs’
application for an injunction restraining future publication of the posters,
holding that the prior publication of the photos, though widespread (it
numbered in the “millions of copies”), was no barrier to the grant of the
injunction because the plaintiffs were able to establish that the sale of the
poster would impair Oasis’s ability to exploit images of the shoot either by
way of the sale of an authorised poster of its own or through marketing and
merchandising at a later stage. In other words, there was still a point in
granting the injunction because the defendant’s continued sale of the posters
would have stifled the plaintiffs’ legitimate right to use the images for
their own commercial purposes.

51 On the present facts, it seemed to me that the Plaintiff continued to have
a compelling interest in restraining the use of the Emails. This was its
desire to avoid having the contents of its discussions with his lawyer over
the conduct of the present suit, which were full, free, frank, and told in an
atmosphere of confidence, used against it. One cannot over-emphasise the fact
that the Emails concerned the present suit, and that the original documents
remained privileged against disclosure (for which privilege has not been
waived). On the relevance and significance of the privileged nature of the
Emails, I also rely on the discussion below at [60]–[61]. If there were to be
any person whom the Plaintiff would have an interest in keeping the
information from, it would have been the Defendant, its opposing party.
Obviously, that was no longer possible. However, the Plaintiff still has an
interest in seeking an order that the documents not be used by the Defendant
in the present suit. The prayer to expunge would serve this very purpose.

52 Further, what weighed heavily on my mind was that the Plaintiff was the
victim of a cybercrime, and the Defendant was aware of this fact. The numerous
news articles annexed to the Defendant’s affidavit described the extent and
reach of the hacking, which resulted in the publication of more than 500
gigabytes of data (pertaining to client files, financial documents, contracts,
and internal communications) on WikiLeaks, which is itself a controversial
website associated with the publication of large volumes of leaked
information. I do not for a moment suggest that the Defendant was responsible
for the hacking. However, the Defendant was well aware of the circumstances
leading to the unauthorised disclosure of the Plaintiff’s information on the
internet.

53 Thereafter, out of the substantial amount of contents leaked, the Defendant
accessed the Emails. Given the express provisos contained within, the
Defendant had clearly been put on notice of the “privileged and confidential”
nature of the Emails. Notwithstanding this, the Defendant accessed the
information contained within, and generated copies of the Emails for use in
the present suit.

54 Considering the circumstances surrounding the massive information leak and
how the Defendant came to be in possession of the Emails, as well as the
nature of the information within the Emails, it seemed to me that an
obligation of confidentiality could still be justly and reasonably imposed on
the Defendant in respect of the Emails. Given that the Defendant is the
opposing party, the Plaintiff would have every interest in restraining the use
of the information in the present suit. To sum up, I was of the view that the
Emails in question could still be protected by the law of confidence.

55 At this juncture, I pause to observe that neither Mr Lazarus nor Mr Tan
specifically submitted on the cases on “public domain” within the law of
confidence. This was not surprising, given the confusion over the legal basis
for the prayer to expunge. In fact, Mr Tan proceeded on the assumption that
public accessibility alone was to be equated with a loss of confidentiality.
In the circumstances, I did not think it appropriate to place any weight on
the Plaintiff’s apparent concession that confidentiality in the Emails had
been lost. In adopting the line of reasoning set out, I did not think that any
prejudice has been caused to the Defendant. At the end of the day, it was the
assessment of the facts and circumstances which mattered in determining
whether the Emails could be protected. These facts and circumstance were not
disputed, and both parties had addressed me generally on them.

56 I make a further comment. In the Hello! case at [305], Baroness Hale of
Richmond explained that one of the great strengths of the common law is that
it can be developed on a case by case basis to meet the demands of new factual
situations as they arise. In this case, I have felt able to reach my decision
based on what I consider to be established principles of the law of
confidence. As the parties observed during the hearing, the present situation
is not one which would have existed slightly more than ten years ago. Even if
I were to be wrong on the law as it stands, this seems to me to be a case
where the development of the common law is warranted to offer adequate
protection to “privileged and confidential” information. Such development is
necessary to meet the needs of the modern age, where the advent of the
internet has made information not just more accessible, but also more
vulnerable to unauthorised access.

Discretion to refuse relief

57 After I established that the court has jurisdiction to grant relief, the
last question to be decided was whether the court had any discretion in the
matter and, if so, what the extent of this discretion was. This point arose
because of Mr Lazarus’s contention that if information were to be freely
available online and anyone may have sight of such information, the court
should not blithely ignore a source of relevant material. It “offends common
sense”, he said, for the court to behave as an “ostrich in the sand”. Taken at
its highest, I understand this to be an argument that this court should not
exercise its discretion, if any, in favour of the grant of relief because it
would mean the exclusion of relevant material, possibly to the prejudice of
the Defendant. In order to answer this question, I had to consider whether the
court may balance the public interest in having the maximum relevant material
available to the court (which militates against the grant of relief) and the
public interest in the maintenance of confidentiality (which leans in favour
of the grant of an injunction).

58 This issue was considered by Lawrence Collins J (as he then was) in ISTIL
Group Inc and another v Mohammad Zahoor and others [2003] EWHC 165 (Ch)
(“ISTIL”). In his judgment, Collins J held that where there has been an
inadvertent disclosure of a privileged document to a third party, the court
should ordinarily intervene unless it is a case where relief can properly be
refused on the general principles affecting the grant of a discretionary
remedy (eg, on the ground of inordinate delay, the principle of clean hands,
or the doctrine of iniquity) (at [74], [90]–[91]). This view was subsequently
approved of by the English Court of Appeal in Imerman v Tchenguiz and others
[2011] 2 WLR 592 at [75] and is supported by the preponderance of the
authorities, all of which focus on the nature of the information sought to be
protected.

59 In Goddard (at 745E–F), Nourse LJ opined that once a case fell within the
ambit of the Lord Ashburton principles, there was “no discretion for the court
to refuse to exercise its equitable jurisdiction according to its view of the
materiality of the communication, the justice of admitting or excluding it or
the like.” He explained that this was because the injunction was being granted
in aid of privilege, which, “unless and until it is waived, is absolute.” In
Derby & Co Ltd and others v Weldon and others (No 8) [1991] 1 WLR 73 at 84C–E,
Vinelott LJ further explained that since the injunction was being sought in
aid of privileged material, no weighing of the competing considerations need
be called for since the balance between the conflicting policy considerations
of truth (which would be served by the admission of all relevant information)
and privilege (which would call for the grant of relief) had already been
struck by the making of the rule on legal professional privilege.

60 The raison d’être of legal professional privilege is that full, free, and
frank communication between persons and their legal advisors, without which
the effective administration of justice would not be possible, can only take
place if such communications can be carried out in confidence (see
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367 at [23]).
There is a tension between this and the competing public policy consideration
that all relevant information be placed before the court in order that
accurate adjudication can be carried out. However, the balance between these
two competing imperatives has already been struck in favour of the
preservation of legal professional privilege. For this reason, I did not
consider that it was open for me to refuse relief on the ground that it would
increase the amount of relevant material available to the court.

61 For avoidance of doubt, I should clarify that the cases do not go so far as
to say that the court’s discretion is ousted altogether. They only go so far
as to say that it is inappropriate for the court to conduct a balancing
exercise between the competing interests of justice and truth. There is still
scope for the court to refuse relief on the general principles affecting the
grant of a discretionary remedy. Before the AR, the Defendant raised certain
points regarding the timeliness of the Plaintiff’s application and on the
allegedly iniquitous nature of his application. On appeal, these points were
not pursued. As such, I saw no reason to refuse relief.

Conclusion

62 For the reasons stated, I dismissed the appeal. I fixed costs at $5,000
(inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judicial Commissioner

Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching, and Yeoh Jean Wern  
(Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Lazarus Nicholas Philip (Justicius Law Corporation)  
for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

