Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2016] SGHC 33

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9081 of 2015

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Chua Siew Wei Kathleen  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal] — [Acquittal]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Chua Siew Wei Kathleen

[2016] SGHC 33

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9081 of 2015  
See Kee Oon JC  
2, 11 December 2015

11 March 2016 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon JC:

Introduction

1 The respondent faced a single charge of voluntarily causing hurt to the
complainant, a foreign domestic maid employed by the respondent’s sister. The
offence is punishable under s 323 read with s 73(2) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed). She was alleged to have slapped the complainant on the
cheek sometime in May 2012 at the condominium unit where the complainant was
employed. The precise date and the time of the offence were not stated in the
charge. She was acquitted following a trial before the Magistrate’s Court. The
prosecution now appeals against the order of acquittal made by the District
Judge, who heard the trial in his ex officio capacity as a magistrate.

* * *

Background facts

2 The respondent lived and the complainant worked in a sixth-floor condominium
unit where four other persons lived. These four persons were all related to
the respondent: they were her husband, daughter, sister and mother. The
complainant was officially employed by the respondent’s sister, and she
commenced work on 13 December 2011 and left the household on 30 October 2012.

3 The circumstances of the complainant’s departure from the household on the
day in question are largely undisputed. Sometime around 11.00am on 30 October
2012, she climbed out of the sixth floor window of the unit onto the ledge
beneath and, from there, jumped to a rooftop one floor below. She had left a
brief note of five lines on a Post-it note on which she wrote, “Thank you for
all the kindness” in the first line before proceeding to say “sorry” to the
respondent, her sister, her husband, and her daughter in each of the remaining
lines. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit P4.

Having injured her legs in the course of her descent, the complainant received
assistance from two other domestic maids who were working in condominium units
in the same development. She was eventually conveyed to the offices of a
voluntary welfare organisation which provides assistance to migrant workers
(“the VWO”). There, she complained that she had been enduring physical abuse
for some months at the hands of the respondent, her sister, and their mother.
The respondent was not in Singapore on the day the complainant left the
household as she was on holiday in Australia with her husband and daughter.

4 PW3, Celina M. Veletin, who was one of the domestic maids who attended to
her on that day, testified that she felt “pity” for the complainant because it
appeared that the latter’s “body, her neck, her arms are all burnt”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP, p 92, line 26

In a similar vein, PW4, Ananda Valli d/o Govindapillai, who was the case
worker who attended to her at the offices of the VWO, testified that the
complainant’s forearms appeared to be swollen. Suspecting that physical abuse
was involved, she called the police and arranged for the complainant to be
sent to the hospital. While waiting for the ambulance to arrive, she took
pictures of the complainant’s forearms which were eventually admitted into
evidence. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP, p 102, line 12 to ROP, p 103, line 8.

The divergent accounts given at the trial

5 The trial was heard over five days and the prosecution called a total of six
witnesses. The complainant was the first witness to take the stand. She
testified that her freedom of movement and ability to communicate with the
outside world were greatly curtailed throughout her employment in the
respondent’s household. She testified that she was not permitted to leave the
house on her own. For instance, when she was required to wash the car, the
respondent’s husband would follow her and wait for her to complete the task.
While she was left alone at home on weekends, she said that the gate would
always be locked and she was not able to open it as she was not given a set of
keys. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP, p 29, lines 22–27; ROP, p 42, line 28 to ROP, p 43 line 6.

She was not allowed to use the telephone at home (which was secured by a dial
lock) or even to answer it when it rang – it would always be another member of
the house who would answer the phone. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP, p 43, lines 2–12

6 She testified that her employers were kind to her in the first three months
of her employment, but thereafter the three women in the household began to
inflict physical abuse on her. She said that the primary perpetrators of the
abuse were the respondent’s mother and the respondent herself. The complainant
alleged that apart from being punched and slapped, she was also asked to
immerse her hands into a toilet bowl into which bleach had been poured as a
punishment for making mistakes. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP, p 33, lines 4–13; ROP.

When asked how the respondent, specifically, had abused her, she replied that
the respondent had punched her, hit her with the receiver of the telephone,
and also threatened her with a knife. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP, p 51, lines 20–28.

7 By the complainant’s account, the respondent inflicted abuse on her on more
than one occasion, but faced just one charge concerning an incident alleged to
have occurred several months before the complainant left the household. In
relation to the charge, the complainant testified that the respondent had
slapped her on the cheek sometime in May 2012 and that this was the first time
the respondent had abused her. She was neither able to recall where in the
house this incident occurred, nor the precise time, nor the reason why the
respondent had slapped her. When questioned, she explained that she was unable
to recall these details because the event in question had taken place a long
time ago and because the respondent had abused her many times in the interim.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP, p 33, line 21 to ROP, p 34, line 17.

However, she was sure that this incident had taken place and when asked why
the respondent might have done this, her testimony was, “I think the
[respondent’s] mother was angry to me”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP, p 34, line 5.

8 As for the apparent inconsistency between her account of events and the note
that she left thanking everyone in the respondent’s household (except for the
respondent’s mother) for their “kindness”, the complainant explained that she
wrote this in acknowledgement of the fact that they had been kind to her in
the initial months, and that she had made mistakes in carrying out her duties.
But she added that she had in fact penned two notes, and the other note –
which was not produced in the proceedings (and presumably had never been
recovered) – contained statements to the effect of, “I’m leaving. I cannot
take anymore the abuse. I’ll go somewhere where there is no bleach and no one
would hurt me.” 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP, p 35, line 22.

9 The second to sixth witnesses called by the prosecution were not present at
the time of the incident and therefore did not testify as to its particulars.
These witnesses, whom I shall refer to as PW2 to PW6 respectively, were: the
first investigation officer who was assigned to the case; the domestic maid
who first attended to the complainant after her escape; the case worker from
the VWO; the current investigation officer; and the complainant’s cousin, who
was also employed as a domestic maid in Singapore. They testified to such
matters as the general condition of the complainant when she was found, the
reasons which the complainant had given for her decision to leave the
condominium unit, and, in the case of PW6, the fact that the complainant’s
family barely heard from her during the period of her employment. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 21–24.

10 The charge against the respondent originally averred that the respondent
had voluntarily caused hurt by slapping the complainant’s face. The District
Judge expressed the view that this was insufficiently precise and made a minor
amendment to particularise the charge as one involving the slapping of the
complainant on the cheek to better reflect the evidence which had been led. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP, p 154, lines 4–33.

The District Judge called for the respondent to enter her defence on this
amended charge.

11 The respondent elected to give evidence on affirmation and did not call any
other witnesses in her defence. For her part, she said that she had never
slapped the complainant. She testified that, in the first place, she did not
have a lot of interaction with the complainant because she would get home at
only around 8.00 pm on weekdays. As for the weekends, she explained that they
were filled with a number of activities – chiefly, these included her
daughter’s extra-curricular activities on Saturdays and attending church on
Sundays. Therefore, she was out of the house for most of the day and would
only return in the evenings. She acknowledged that she had scolded the
complainant on a number of occasions but she maintained that she had never
gone beyond scolding her to inflicting any form of physical hurt. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP, p 198, lines 27–29.

12 When it was put to the respondent that the complainant would have had no
reason to make a false accusation against her, she suggested that the
complainant might have borne a grudge against her because she refused to
permit the complainant to terminate her contract ahead of time. She explained
that less than two months into her contract (sometime in 2012, at about the
Chinese New Year period), the complainant expressed a desire to return home.
However, the respondent replied that she would not permit this unless the
complainant reimbursed her for the expenses that she incurred in facilitating
her transfer from the Philippines to Singapore. Her unhappiness at this, she
said, was the only “compelling reason” she could perceive for the complainant
to have falsely alleged that the respondent had physically abused her. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP, p 200, line 25.

13 The respondent also denied the complainant’s allegations of restriction of
movement and communication. She testified that a set of keys was always left
beside the main door in order that the complainant may leave and enter the
house freely, whether to run errands on behalf of the household or to head
downstairs to purchase food for herself or otherwise. She also added that the
complainant had been given an access card in order that she may activate the
lift to gain access to the condominium unit. Finally, she also said that the
complainant had been at liberty to use the home telephone and that she had
even purchased a number of pre-paid phone cards so that the complainant could
make overseas calls on her handphone. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP, pp 171 and 172.

The District Judge’s decision

14 After hearing submissions at the close of trial, the District Judge
acquitted the respondent on the same day. In the brief oral judgment he
delivered ex tempore, he stressed that the “critical issue” in this case was
not the credibility of the complainant vis-à-vis the respondent, but whether
the guilt of the respondent had been established beyond a reasonable doubt. He
noted, first, that the charge was bereft of particulars and, second, that the
complainant was “tentative [and] at best hesitant in specifying her
allegation.” In the circumstances, he concluded that the defendant had “not
only raised a reasonable doubt of the prosecution’s case but [had in fact]…
rebutted the prosecution’s case.” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP, p 227, lines 8–31.

15 After the filing of the present appeal, the District Judge issued written
grounds of decision which was reported at Public Prosecutor v Chua Siew Wei
Kathleen [2015] SGMC 23 (“the GD”). Much of the GD was taken up by a summary
of the evidence that was adduced at trial from the various witnesses. As to
his analysis of the complainant’s evidence, the District Judge held that her
testimony was “not unusually compelling or convincing” as much of it comprised
“a generalisation of the alleged abuses she had received”. He noted that while
the complainant was “very detailed and convincing” as to the circumstances
surrounding her departure from the condominium unit on 30 October 2012, her
evidence in relation to the alleged incident of May 2012 was limited. He
observed that apart from stating that she had been slapped and that it was
“painful”, the complainant was unable to provide details of the part of the
house where she was slapped or the time the alleged incident took place. He
also noted that while the complainant had ventured to suggest that the
respondent had slapped her because she had angered the respondent’s mother,
she was unable to explain why the respondent’s mother was angry (at [111]).

16 Moving to the testimony of the respondent, the District Judge found her
evidence “unusually compelling and convincing”, noting that it was “clear,
consistent and detailed” and that the respondent “did not retract from any
part of her testimony at all” (at [108]). In his view, the prosecution’s
cross-examination of the respondent related largely to “wholly irrelevant
matters” and was, on the whole, “unremarkable”. He went on to observe: “[i]t
was only remarkable in that this court had to repeatedly disallow a number of
the prosecution’s questions on the grounds that they were irrelevant.” He also
found that the inconsistencies in the respondent’s testimony were “minor and
immaterial” and “did not affect her credibility” (at [109]–[110]). However,
this was really a point asserted rather than reasoned as he neither identified
these inconsistencies nor did he explain why he found them to be of little
consequence.

17 As for the evidence of the other prosecution witnesses, the District Judge
opined that it was “not directly relevant” to the charge against the
respondent as it pertained only to the circumstances of the complainant’s
departure from the household on 30 October 2012 and her subsequent transfer to
the VWO. He thus considered that there was “no corroborative evidence”. He
also noted that the prosecution had not tendered any contemporaneous
statements from the complainant, and further, that no statements made by the
respondent to the police had been admitted into evidence (at [112]–[113]).

18 In the concluding paragraphs of his GD, the District Judge expressed
agreement with the submissions of defence counsel, whose submissions he quoted
extensively. He also quoted substantial portions of the extemporaneous
judgment he gave upon acquitting the respondent. He did not add to these cited
paragraphs save to emphasise certain portions of them in a way that leaves it
beyond doubt that, in his mind, the reasons which led him to acquit the
respondent were:

(a) There was no “objective and incontrovertible evidence to corroborate the
elements of the charge of assault”. For that reason, the prosecution’s case
rested on the “bare allegation” of the complainant which could be
“neutralise[d]” by the “bare denial” of the respondent. (at [115]).

(b) The charge suffered from a “paucity of… relevant particulars” and it was
surprising that the charge had been proceeded on “despite representations
having been made. The benefit of the doubt ought to have been given” (at
[115]). There was “too much distraction” arising out of allegations of abuse
made against the respondent’s sister and mother (at [116]).

(c) The complainant had been “quite tentative in her testimony” and that it
was unclear why she “ran a foot and not a mile in her allegation”. In
particular, the District Judge drew attention to the fact that when questioned
on the reason for the slap, the complainant twice prefaced her evidence with
the qualifier “I think” (at [116]).

(d) Ultimately, the case was “not about the credibility of the [complainant]”
and was “not about the credibility of the [respondent]”. It was instead about
proof, and the defendant had, through her testimony, “not only raised a
reasonable doubt… [but had] rebutted the prosecution’s case” (at [116]).

The grounds of appeal

19 Broadly summarised, the prosecution argues that the present appeal should
be allowed for two reasons. First, they submit that they were denied a fair
opportunity to present their case because of the District Judge’s various
interventions. In their written submissions, the prosecution points to a
number of instances when they were not permitted to pose questions to the
respondent concerning, among other things: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s further submissions dated 25 Jan 2016, paras 11 to 16.

(a) An allegation that the complainant was not paid her salary for the first
seven months of her employment because it was set off against a loan that the
complainant had been given by the respondent.

(b) The respondent’s previous experience in employing domestic maids.

(c) The genuineness of the respondent’s stated concern for the complainant’s
skin condition – the specific question the prosecution sought to ask was, “So
although you were concerned enough to tell [the complainant] to wear gloves
[while working with bleach], you were not concerned enough to bring her to see
a doctor for her red hands?”

(d) The frequency with which the respondent scolded the complainant.

(e) A suggestion that the respondent bore enmity towards the complainant
because of insinuations that the complainant was in love with the respondent’s
husband.

20 The prosecution’s position is that these were all relevant lines of inquiry
as they would have had a direct impact on the court’s evaluation of the
respondent’s evidence. Among other things, the prosecution argues that these
questions would have been relevant to the court’s assessment of the veracity
of the respondent’s account of events. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Appellant’s submissions dated 2 December 2015 at paras 42(a), and paras 44–46.

The prosecution submits that the District Judge’s interventions stemmed from
his erroneous view that the respondent’s evidence was relevant only insofar as
it related directly to the alleged May 2012 incident, the corollary of this
being that, in his view, any other evidence (in particular, evidence on the
respondent’s relationship and interactions with the complainant more
generally) was irrelevant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Appellant’s further submissions at paras 15, 17–18.

21 Second, the prosecution argues that the District Judge’s findings should be
overturned as they were against the weight of the evidence. Among other
things, they point out that the District Judge appeared not to have considered
many relevant pieces of evidence such as the fact that the complainant had
resorted to leaving the unit in an “extremely hazardous manner”, that she
never wavered in her account of having been abused, and that there was no
convincing reason for her to have maligned the respondent. They also argue
that the District Judge had failed to adequately consider the explanations
provided by the complainant for being unable to give further particulars of
the May 2012 incident (chiefly, the passage of time and the multiplicity of
abusive acts which she had been subjected to). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 48 and 50.

22 In conclusion, they submit that the evidence adduced at the trial, assessed
fairly and in context, was sufficient to establish the respondent’s guilt and
so the court ought to allow the appeal and substitute the order of acquittal
with a conviction. In the alternative, they submit that if the court does not
find that there is sufficient evidence to support a finding of conviction,
then a re-trial ought to be ordered. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Appellant’s submissions at paras 61–66; Appellant’s further submissions at
paras 26 and 30

My decision on the appeal against acquittal

23 Having carefully considered the matters presented before me, I have come to
the conclusion that the District Judge had misdirected himself in two material
respects. First, he had narrowed his focus unduly by considering only evidence
directly related to the alleged May 2012 incident. In so doing, he had not
only unfairly restricted the ambit of the prosecution’s cross-examination and
impeded their ability to present their case fully but had also impaired his
own ability to evaluate and weigh the case presented by each side. Second, he
had failed to consider essential pieces of evidence in the course of arriving
at his conclusion and had therefore arrived at findings which are, in all the
circumstances, against the weight of the evidence. I will explain each in
turn.

Excessive judicial intervention

24 Excessive judicial interference in the conduct of a trial can present at
least four distinct (though inter-related) grounds of challenge. The first is
where it gives rise to a finding of apparent bias. This arises when the extent
of the court’s interventions are such that a fair-minded reasonable person
with knowledge of the relevant facts observing the proceedings might
reasonably apprehend that the court was biased (see Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant
Kulkarni [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85 (“Re Shankar Alan”) at [91] and [94]). The second
is where the interruptions are so numerous and so intrusive that they unduly
hamper a party in the conduct of his case. This was the case in the seminal
decision of the English Court of Appeal in Jones v National Coal Board [1957]
2 QB 55. The third is where a judge “descends into the arena” by assuming a
quasi-inquisitorial role and engages in such sustained questioning that he
impairs his ability to evaluate and weigh the case presented by each side
dispassionately and disinterestedly (Re Shankar Alan at [117(b)]). The fourth
is where the extent of intervention discloses that the judge has prejudged the
outcome of the case by determining the issues adversely against one of the
parties before their case had been fully presented (at [109]).

25 In this case, the prosecution relies largely on the second and the third
grounds of challenge. Their case is that that the District Judge had
intervened so excessively that he had not only foreclosed potentially relevant
lines of inquiry but had also closed his mind, impairing his ability to
evaluate and weigh the case presented by the prosecution impartially. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Appellant’s further submissions at paras 17 and 18.

I will examine each of these grounds of challenge separately.

Was the prosecution unduly hampered in the presentation of their case?

26 From the outset, the District Judge indicated that he was only interested
in evidence which related to the facts stated in the charge. For that reason,
he disallowed questions which related to the conditions of the complainant’s
employment or whether the respondent was aware of or concerned with the
complainant’s general welfare. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Appellant’s further submissions at paras 12–14.

Almost at the start of cross-examination, he reminded the Deputy Public
Prosecutor (“DPP”) that “the charge is 323” (ie, it is one for voluntarily
causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code) and stressed thereafter that they
should “stick to the charge” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP, p 178, line 2; ROP, p 184, lines 7–8.

and focus only on what was relevant. At one point, he reprimanded the DPPs for
pursuing a line of questioning relating to the respondent’s alleged motivation
for the slap, saying, “I’m not interested in philosophical answers why the
charge is made out, you know. I’m more interested in whether the actus is made
out from the evidence before me.” 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP, p 194, lines 16–18.

27 The District Judge appeared to have taken the view that no evidence other
than that which relates directly to the facts in issue (ie, whether the
respondent had slapped the complainant) may be given. At a technical level,
this is plainly wrong. Section 5 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“EA”) states that evidence may be given “of the existence or non-existence of
every fact in issue and of such other facts as are hereinafter declared to be
relevant…” [emphasis added]. Sections 6 to 16 of the EA then go on to set out
many broad categories of relevant facts. These include facts which “are the
occasion, cause or effect, immediate or otherwise, of relevant facts or facts
in issue” (s 7), any fact which “shows or constitutes a motive or preparation
for any fact in issue or relevant fact” (s 8(1)), and facts which are
“necessary to explain or introduce a fact in issue or relevant fact, or which
support or rebut an inference suggested by a fact in issue or relevant
fact...” (s 9).

28 Having reviewed the transcript, I am satisfied that the prosecution’s lines
of questioning were not unreasonable or irrelevant and yet the questions were
curtailed on many instances. Many of the abortive lines of questioning related
either to (a) the relationship between the complainant and the respondent or
(b) whether there had been general ill-treatment. Given that the complainant’s
and the respondent’s accounts differed precisely on these matters, such
evidence would have been highly probative of the credibility of the
complainant and the respondent. These are matters which can be and should have
been permitted to be canvassed in cross-examination but the notes of evidence
are replete with clear examples of the prosecution being stopped while in the
midst of a line of potentially relevant questioning. It suffices for me to
mention two examples.

29 In the first, the DPP had asked the respondent a series of questions
concerning the allegation that the respondent had withheld the complainant’s
salary from her and the following exchange was recorded: 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP, p 177, lines 18–26.

Q: Now, the first 7 months of Jonna’s salary was not paid to her because it
was part of a loan from you, right?

A: No, like I said, the loan repayment was actually supposed to pay by us if
she completes her 2-year contract and she was given a---

Court: Mr Yang---

A: ---sorry.

Court: ---again, you know, I mean, these are all very interesting, when we
discuss about the maid’s day in a work, you know, all these are very
interesting, but can you please stick to the---

In the second, the DPP had asked the respondent a series of questions relating
to the allegations of maltreatment (specifically, the allegation that she had
been confined to the condominium unit and was not able to use the phone). The
respondent denied having done so and the DPP then asked the respondent if the
complainant was the first domestic help engaged by her family. The defence
counsel interjected on the ground that the questions were irrelevant and the
following exchange transpired: 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP, p 184, lines 1–8; p 185, lines 26–28.

Yang: Your Honour, this is relevant in terms of the---what is the experience
of the accused in employing a foreign domestic worker and what is given to
them or not given to them, Your Honour.

Court: We are not holding an inquiry about the---under the MOM---by the MOM as
to whether employer can employ---is fit to qualified to employ foreign maids.
Come on, let’s stick to the charge.

…

Yes, all maids---questions about how we deal with our maids are all very
interesting in the social gathering, but I have no time for this, neither
should we go into all these.

30 In their submissions, the respondent pointed out that the District Judge
had intervened chiefly at their behest and that, on each occasion, the
prosecution was given ample opportunity to justify the relevance of their
lines of questioning. The respondent also submits that it is disingenuous for
the prosecution to raise this as a ground of appeal now, given that the
prosecution had accepted correction at numerous points in the trial,
repeatedly informing the court they stood “guided” when the District Judge
ruled a question to be irrelevant. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s further submissions dated 22 January 2016 at paras 39 and 43.

These points are correct, as far as they go, but they fail to look at the
totality of the interventions.

31 From my review of the transcript, I note that the interruptions grew not
just in frequency but also in intensity and that, eventually, the District
Judge frequently initiated the interventions, interjecting the cross-
examination (sometimes mid-question), giving short shrift to the explanations
proffered. In these circumstances, it is more accurate to say that the DPPs
were compelled to move to a different line of questioning. Therefore, I do not
agree that it is fair to say that the prosecution had accepted correction and
are thereby precluded from appealing on this ground. Read fairly and in
context, it was clear that the prosecution was, quite rightly, deferring to
the ruling of the District Judge without foregoing their right to take up the
point further as a point of challenge. The DPPs were the recipients of his
admonitions to “[m]ove on better”, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP, p 193, lines 17–18.

chided for their recalcitrance in not moving on as directed, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP, p 194, lines 1–7.

chastised for their “painfully drifting” cross-examination of the respondent,
after being subject to such testy comments as “I have been tolerating you” 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP, p 190, line 28.

and “I spent already one hour on the bench”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP, p 189, lines 16–17.

To set matters in context, the respondent spent a little under two hours in
all giving evidence, so it would be hard to say that the prosecution had been
prolix or dilatory in their conduct of her cross-examination.

32 Ultimately, the question is what impression the appellate court is left
with after considering all the evidence and all the circumstances as disclosed
on the record (see Re Shankar Alan at [121]). In my judgment, the comments
made by the District Judge went beyond the merely intemperate and, taken
together with his other interventions, clearly pointed to the prosecution
being prejudiced and unfairly impeded in the conduct of their case.

Had the District Judge “descended into the arena”?

33 I turn next to consider if there is evidence that the District Judge had so
descended into the arena that his capacity for disinterested judgment had been
compromised. This case is somewhat unique in that the ground of challenge is
not premised on the District Judge’s questions to a witness, but, rather,
questions and comments made to the DPPs and, most crucially, on the way he
repeatedly interrupted their cross-examination to disallow lines of
questioning which in his view did not relate to the facts stated in the
charge. It was argued that the District Judge had shown himself to be so
partisan in his interventions that it was clear that he had closed his mind
and ceased to be able to weigh the evidence impartially. From my examination
of the record, it seems to me that, regrettably, this was what had taken
place.

34 The clearest example of this concerns the District Judge’s treatment of the
subject of credibility. In his oral remarks at the delivery of judgment, he
emphasised that this case was “not about the credibility of the [complainant]”
and “not about the credibility of the [respondent]”. With respect, I am quite
unable to comprehend how or why he had arrived at this conclusion. The trial
was necessary because the material factual allegations made by the complainant
were disputed by the respondent. Thus, the outcome turned primarily on whether
the court was prepared to accept the word of the former against the latter,
and to find that the complainant’s account had been proved beyond reasonable
doubt. Seen in this light, the pivotal issue was credibility. It seems to me,
therefore, that the District Judge could only have arrived at his conclusion
because he was transfixed by two ideas: first, that nothing else but the facts
in issue could be taken into consideration and, second, that the prosecution’s
case was fatally flawed to begin with because of the absence of sufficient
particulars in the charge.

35 This is borne out by the District Judge’s GD. After setting out the
evidence of the complainant at some length, the District Judge interposed a
section entitled “This court’s observation of [the complainant’s] testimony”
wherein he set out his observations of her testimony at the close of the
prosecution’s case. He noted that her evidence on the matter of the May 2012
incident “was not compelling or convincing” because her testimony, insofar as
it related to the charge, “was very limited”. By contrast, he wrote that
“[w]here she was detailed, her testimony was about what the accused’s mother
or the accused’s sister did to her” (at [67] and [68]). Reading his GD, it
would appear that even before hearing the totality of the evidence, he had
already formed the view that the complainant’s testimony was insufficient to
support the charge and that, if anything, it was the respondent’s sister and
her mother who might have assaulted the complainant, and not the respondent
herself. With respect, this discloses a clear error of principle. In Haw Tua
Tau and others v Public Prosecutor [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 at [15], Lord
Diplock said:

Whoever has the function of deciding facts on the trial of a criminal offence
should keep an open mind about the veracity and accuracy of recollection of
any individual witness, whether called for the Prosecution or the Defence,
until after all the evidence to be tendered in the case on behalf of either
side has been heard and it is possible to assess to what extent (if any) that
witness’s evidence has been confirmed, explained or contradicted by the
evidence of other witnesses.

36 Nevertheless the District Judge went on to call for the defence. In
subsequently setting out his observations of the complainant’s testimony in
his GD upon the conclusion of the trial, the District Judge merely reproduced
verbatim, the same remarks he had made at the close of the prosecution’s case
pertaining to her testimony (at [111]). He did not consider how (if at all)
the respondent’s testimony had affected his assessment of the complainant’s
evidence. In such a case where so much turned on the parties’ competing
account of events, it seems to me that it was also incumbent on the District
Judge to have considered whether the matters raised by the defence in their
case affected his analysis of her testimony.

37 When he turned to evaluate the respondent’s testimony, he held that it was
“credible… unusually compelling and convincing”, primarily because he found
that she had maintained a consistent account of her defence (at [108]). Given
that the District Judge felt that credibility was not a focal point (see
[18(d)] above) then it is distinctly odd that, quite contrary to his expressed
view, he would make an explicit finding on credibility. Other than these brief
reasons, not much more was advanced for his conclusions. There is no mention
of any of the arguments presented by the prosecution at the close of trial in
which they argued that the respondent’s credibility had been damaged by the
inconsistencies in her testimony. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP, pp 295 and 296 (Prosecution’s closing submissions at paras 8 and 9).

Examining his GD, one is left with the distinct impression that having so
ruled that there was a case to answer, he was too ready to find that the
prosecution’s case had been rebutted on the strength of the respondent’s
“consistent” evidence.

38 I have noted the contradictory approach towards the issue of credibility
adopted by the District Judge in his GD as it goes some way towards fortifying
my view that he had misdirected himself and not kept an open mind to the
available evidence to be adduced before him. In this connection I note that in
the course of the trial, the defence made much of the lack of particulars in
the charge. But the explanations provided by the complainant for being unable
to provide detailed particulars, chiefly the passage of time and the frequency
of her abuse, were reasonable and plausible and ought to have been considered
and accorded due weight. The District Judge appears however to have felt
otherwise and rejected them offhand, without explaining precisely why this was
the case.

39 Another area of concern relates to the comments which he made in the course
of the trial. At various points in the proceedings, the District Judge openly
expressed the view that the prosecution’s case theory was unsustainable. In
the following extract, the DPP had asked the respondent a series of questions
relating to her knowledge of the complainant’s skin condition (specifically,
that she suffered from dermatitis). The stated object of these questions was
to examine if it was true that the complainant had been subject to ill-
treatment while she worked in the household. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP, p 191, lines 1–14

Q: So although you were concerned enough to tell her to wear gloves, you were
not concerned enough to bring her to see a doctor for her red hands?

Court: Irrelevant, unless you justify.

Yang: Your Honour, it goes towards the veracity of what she is saying about
her treatment of Jonna.

Court: It goes to the veracity---

Witness: My treatment of Jonna?

Court: What is her treatment of Jonna? I can treat my---well, I don’t know
what to comment. These are all logic, you know. I can treat my staff very
badly, but I don’t slap them; I can treat my staff very nicely, but one day I
lost my temper; I slapped him, I mean---

A little later, the DPP cross-examined the respondent on the subject of the
red marks which were observed on the complainant’s arms at the time of escape
and the following exchange occurred: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP, p 192, line 7 to ROP, p 193, line 14.

Witness: That was why I gave her the Elomet cream---

Court: Hold on, hold on, hold on, don’t answer first. You know the difficulty
or the significance, either way you want to put it, is that I think, in
respect of the other house members, they were charged for offences around
October, is it, somewhere?

Quek: That is right.

Court: Because the maid escaped, if I may use a neutral word, not escaped,
left the home on 30th October 2012, but this curious---this charge is
curiously, significantly and puzzling, refers to the offence in May - May,
June, July, August, September - 5 months before, so I am not so sure your
questions pertaining to hands being red, bleached, what period, you know?
Because I believe, from what I have heard from the maid, events sort of
developed very fast. So if you say that she doesn’t care to, what, when in
October when she escaped or doesn’t care when she first joined the household?
So you---I know what whether you are doing, you are asking me to draw
inferences, you know, but inferences has to be irresistible, it---you are
trying to tell me that she neglected looking after her, okay, maybe in
October, but what about May? This charge pertains to May, you know, which is a
very curious timeframe, I don’t even have the time.

Yang: Your Honour, the defence exhibit D2M states the medical check-up was in
June 2012 and there was dermatitis spotted by the doctor as of that time.

Court: Yes, so?

Yang: So I am asking the witness when she says that she saw that her hands are
consistently red---

Court: Yes.

Yang: ---when she had seen this?

Court: Mr Yang, I always like to ask DPPs---

Yang: Yes.

Court: ---supposing your answers are all in your favour, “I put it to you that
you don’t care for Jonna.” “Yes.” “I put it to you that you just---you were
just---you were indifferent to her hands being red.” “Yes.” So what? So what
you do want to do with the answer, to the charge, that she therefore slapped
her in May? How can you---this is---you should do mathematics, you know, to
get this kind of---the mathematical professor will ask you, therefore A and B
were established, therefore X is proven?

[emphasis added]

40 I examined these exchanges together with the District Judge’s comments that
he had “no time” for questions about the prosecution’s questions which he
dismissively described as relating to “how we deal with our maids” (see [29]
above). With great reluctance, I come to the conclusion from my perusal of the
record in its entirety that the District Judge had already closed his mind
before all the evidence had been tendered and was not receptive to being
persuaded otherwise. The fact that his interventions came in the form of
interruptions rather than in the form of sustained (and quasi-inquisitorial)
questioning from the bench is a distinction of little consequence. The danger,
as explained in Re Shankar Alan, is that a fair trial might be impossible if
the decision maker “takes up a position and then pursues it with the passion
of the advocate and in the process slips ‘into the perils of self-
persuasion’”, thereby losing his ability to act impartially (at [115]). The
point is that it is evident from the record that the District Judge had
clearly taken a position – that the charge was defective for lack of
particulars, and the complainant’s testimony wanting for an absence of
specificity – and pursued it in such a way that he undermined his ability to
weigh the evidence impartially.

41 In Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058 at
[178], the Court of Appeal held that an allegation of judicial interference
will succeed only in rare and egregious circumstances. Looking at matters in
the round, I reluctantly conclude that this is such a case. The District Judge
had, through his excessive interruptions, unfairly prejudiced the prosecution
in the presentation of their case and had also impaired his judgment and
ability to fairly evaluate and weigh the evidence and the case as a whole.
Indeed, I would go so far as to say, even though it was not specifically
argued by the prosecution, that the manner in which the trial was conducted
would lead a fair-minded reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant
facts observing the proceedings to apprehend a reasonable suspicion of bias on
the part of the District Judge. It would at the very least reasonably lead one
to ask whether he had certain preconceived notions and whether he had pre-
judged the case even before hearing all the evidence. In my judgment,
therefore, the appeal must be allowed on this ground.

The District Judge’s findings of fact

42 I now turn to the second ground of appeal. In Public Prosecutor v Mohammed
Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [33], the Court of Appeal
clarified that an appellate court should normally be slow to interfere with
findings of fact made by trial judges unless the findings are either against
the weight of the evidence or it can be established that the trial judge had
misdirected himself as to the law. In my judgment, both bases for appellate
intervention exist in this case.

Findings against the weight of the evidence

43 In my assessment, the District Judge had incorrectly characterised this
case as involving little more than a bare and uncorroborated allegation by the
complainant that the respondent had slapped her sometime in May 2012. It is
true that there was no objective evidence directly relevant to the specific
alleged incident in May 2012 which was the subject of the charge, and that the
complainant could not provide full details in her account of that incident.
But it does not follow that the complainant’s claim of having been slapped by
the respondent in May 2012 was entirely uncorroborated. There is undisputed
evidence that on 30 October 2012 the complainant made her way out of the house
using a patently risky mode of egress, and that shortly thereafter she alleged
that she had suffered abuse at the hands of the respondent and the two other
women in the household where she worked. There was also medical evidence
indicating that the complainant had sustained some injuries that were at least
consistent with allegations of abuse that she had made against persons other
than the respondent.

44 The fact that the complainant made her escape from the apartment in the
dangerous manner in which she did strongly militates against the suggestion
that her liberty was not constrained. Moreover it is difficult to discern any
reason why the complainant would have falsely implicated the respondent. If
indeed she was sorely unhappy with the respondent, as suggested, for not
allowing her to return home in January 2012, then it is quite improbable that
she would wait stoically for nine months until October 2012 to make her escape
and then trump up allegations against all three women in the household.
Further to that, there is the evidence of PW6, who testified that the
complainant’s family had not heard for her for the better part of the year
while she was working in the respondent’s household. Taken together, these
points cast a shadow on the veracity of the respondent’s testimony and call
for an explanation.

45 The existence of evidence, both direct and circumstantial, suggesting that
the complainant had been abused in some way during her time in the
respondent’s household casts doubt on the veracity of the respondent’s claim
that the complainant had not been ill-treated at all. It was incumbent on the
District Judge to explain why he did not think the respondent’s version of
events undermined by that evidence. Quite inexplicably, he did not do so. In
fact, he did not address the question of whether there had been a general
pattern of abuse in the household at all. Of course, even if it were found
that some abuse had taken place, it might still be contended, in response,
that the respondent might not have had anything to do with it. But such a
matter would have to be properly considered and its implications for the
credibility of all witnesses properly carefully sifted and evaluated,
particularly since the complainant was unequivocal in saying that the
respondent was a party to the abuse she suffered in the household and that the
incident on May 2012 was the first time the respondent had laid hands on her
(see [7] above). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP, p 33, line 21 to ROP, p 34, line 17.

46 Against this background, it was incumbent upon the District Judge to
explain why he found that, contrary to the evidence on record, no abuse took
place. Alternatively, if he was of the view that such abuse had taken place,
it was incumbent on him to explain why he found that the respondent had
nothing to do with it, and having found thus, he would then have to explain
why the respondent, despite her position that no abuse of any sort took place
in her household, could still be considered a person whose testimony is
“clear, consistent and detailed” and, on the whole, one which is “unusually
compelling and convincing” (see the GD at [108]). He did not offer any
explanations.

47 His assertion that the case was “not about the credibility” of the
witnesses does not excuse him from the duty to give adequate reasons since he
did make specific findings as to the parties’ credibility and relied on them
in the course of arriving at his decision to order an acquittal. In Thong Ah
Fat v Public Prosecutor [2012] 1 SLR 676, the Court of Appeal concluded that
owing to the paucity of reasons in the trial judge’s brief judgment, it was
unable to discern whether the trial judge analysed some important factors: see
[47]–[57]. In deciding to order a re-trial, the Court of Appeal also
pertinently observed (at [58]) that a “brief judgment is not necessarily an
inadequate one”, but the converse is also true: the length of a judgment is no
indicator of its adequacy in terms of setting out the court’s reasons and
analysis. Much of the District Judge’s GD was taken up by verbatim
reproductions of the transcript and he did not take the opportunity to amplify
the brief reasons he delivered in his oral judgment.

48 I would also add that if the respondent’s evidence seemed to be consistent,
it was perhaps because the District Judge had not permitted much of her
evidence to be fully tested by the prosecution in cross-examination. In the
circumstances, it could hardly be said that “[t]he prosecution cross-examined
the [respondent] at length” (at [109] of the GD). Having regard to the above
observations, I am of the view that the District Judge’s assessment of the
reliability of the respondent’s testimony was erroneous and against the weight
of the evidence.

Misdirected himself on the law

49 There were several parts of the GD where the District Judge had clearly
erred in law. For instance, he noted at [113] that there was a paucity of
corroborative evidence, citing the absence of any contemporaneous statements
recorded from the complainant as an example. However, under s 259 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), the statements of
witnesses are not ordinarily admissible under the law save in specified and
limited circumstances. I did not consider this to be a serious error as it was
not vital to his conclusion. What was more troubling, however, was what he
said in his extemporaneous judgment (reproduced substantially at [116] of the
GD): 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP, p 226, line 32 to p 227, line 18

… I may say that there has been too much distraction in this trial, or this
case, by the facts in the other two cases which have been alleged against the
defendant’s mother and sister. Assuming we don’t have those two cases, I
wonder whether this case would even have been brought here. I---this Court has
never come across a case where without this metrics of facts pertaining to the
other two persons, person is brought to Court and charged with having
committed an offence made 5 months before without particulars of the time, the
place or exactly why the offence was committed against her. I noticed that the
victim---and, again, I say this is not to give the impression to the public or
anyone that how can this Court not believe a victim when the other Court has
convicted the other accused and believe the victim. It’s not a matter or
credibility, as I said. I wonder whether there would be a case when someone is
brought to Court on the same allegation of having committed an offence 5
months before without the particulars of time, place, why the offence was
committed. [emphasis added]

50 Reading this, the overwhelming impression conveyed is that the singular
matter which troubled the District Judge above all was the manner in which
prosecutorial discretion was exercised. He quoted defence counsel’s concluding
oral submissions extensively in his GD (at [115]), choosing to emphasise
counsel’s somewhat gratuitous expression of disappointment at the prosecution
having proceeded with the charge “despite representations having been made”.
This was a wholly irrelevant consideration at trial. He went as far as to
speculate that the prosecution had elected to proceed with the charge against
the respondent only because it had also proceeded to charge the respondent’s
mother and her sister. However, he did not explain why such an approach gave
him cause for concern and, for my part, I am unable to discern how such an
exercise of prosecutorial discretion in the present case was inappropriate.

51 It bears repeating that the manner in which the prosecution exercises
discretion, whether in how they frame the charge(s) or elect to proceed to
trial, does not relieve the trial judge of his primary task of assessing the
credibility of the witnesses and evaluating the totality of the evidence
adduced. As the Court of Appeal explained in Quek Hock Lye v Public Prosecutor
[2012] 2 SLR 1012 at [29], the duty of selecting and framing charges is within
the purview of the Public Prosecutor and the duty of the court is to concern
itself with the charge at hand and decide whether the prosecution has proved
beyond a reasonable doubt each and every element of the offence. If there are
inadequate investigations or prosecutorial oversight, these may conceivably
lead to poorly-particularised charges and inconsistent and weak evidence being
adduced during the trial, but a trial judge would still be duty-bound to
carefully evaluate and weigh the evidence before him objectively, and cogently
explain the reasons for his findings.

52 I am conscious that the prosecution had originally sought to convene a
joint trial but had eventually gone on to conduct three separate trials in
relation to the complainant’s allegations against the three women in the
household. While this may not have been the most ideal state of affairs, the
District Judge ought nonetheless to have considered the objective evidence of
the abuse suffered by the complainant while she was working in the
respondent’s household in the course of the respondent’s trial. This was not a
mere “distraction” but a matter which went towards the credibility of the
complainant as well as the respondent, as I had noted above in the preceding
paragraphs (see [43]–[48] above). It is correct that the focus at the trial
must be on the charge(s) at hand, but I am unable to agree with the District
Judge’s insistence on viewing the case through an inordinately narrow lens.

53 If what the District Judge had intended to convey “for the benefit of the
public” (as he said in his extemporaneous judgment) was that he would have to
consider the totality of the evidence before he could be satisfied that the
prosecution had discharged their burden of proof, then that was all that was
needed to be said. It would also then follow that he ought to have fully
considered the totality of the evidence. To state that the case was “not a
matter [of] credibility” was both unhelpful and inaccurate. In my view it
reflected the District Judge’s error in allowing his dissatisfaction with the
investigative process and the framing of the charge to take centre-stage in
his analysis, foreclosing full reception and reasoned assessment of the
evidence before him. To my mind, his remark that the case was “not about the
credibility” of the complainant or respondent can only be understood in that
context.

54 With respect, the District Judge seemed to have been overly influenced by
his view that there was something inherently improper in the prosecution
having proceeded with the charge against the respondent, and his suspicion
that this was because it had also brought charges against her mother and
sister. On this basis, I hold that he had misdirected himself in allowing
these matters to affect his assessment of the case and I would allow the
appeal on this ground as well.

Whether to order a re-trial

55 Although I am of the view that the District Judge’s order of acquittal
should be set aside, I do not think that the evidence at present establishes
beyond a reasonable doubt that the respondent slapped the complainant on the
cheek in May 2012. I am only able to say that there is a substantial amount of
evidence which suggests that the complainant may have been a credible witness
and thus the prosecution’s case is not unfounded. However, as I had noted
above at [48], the respondent’s evidence was not fully tested in cross-
examination. It cannot be right to assume that if the prosecution had been
permitted to pose all their intended questions, the respondent’s answers
thereto would all be unsatisfactory. In the premises, I cannot go further and
conclude that the evidence points irresistibly towards a conviction.

56 I also do not think that it would suffice for further evidence to be taken
(either by myself or by the lower court) pursuant to s 392 of the CPC and for
the matter to come back to me for further consideration. Ultimately, much
hinges on an assessment of the oral testimonies of the complainant and the
respondent. Since I have not had the opportunity of receiving that evidence
first-hand, I do not think I would be in a suitable position to decide if the
high standard of proof required to justify a conviction has been met. It seems
to me that that task must fall, at least at first instance, to a judge who has
had the opportunity to closely scrutinise both the complainant and the
respondent’s respective testimonies in the context of all the relevant
evidence.

57 In the circumstances, s 390(a)(i) of the CPC empowers this court to direct
that further inquiry be made, or to order a re-trial, or to remit the matter,
together with the opinion of the appellate court, to the lower court for
consideration. The first and third options are untenable. Given my finding
that there has been excessive judicial interference in this case, it would not
be appropriate for me to remit the matter back to the lower court for further
inquiry or consideration. That leaves the option of a re-trial or,
exceptionally, to leave the acquittal alone. Both options have their
drawbacks. On the one hand, if a re-trial were ordered, the respondent would
be put to expense and would have to undergo another trial through no fault of
her own. On the other hand, if no re-trial were ordered, then the outcome
would effectively be determined by a defect in the legal machinery, rather
than by a considered verdict following a trial.

58 Having regard to the observations of the Court of Appeal and High Court
respectively in AOF v Public Prosecutor [2012] 3 SLR 34 and Ng Chee Tiong Tony
v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 900, it is well-established that the
factors to consider in deciding whether a re-trial should be ordered include:
(a) the seriousness of the offence, (b) the expense and length of time
required for a new trial, (c) the availability of evidence given the lapse of
time since the offence, (d) the relative strengths of the parties’ cases, and
(e) the public interest in ensuring that due process of law is observed. While
these factors were articulated in the context of appeals against conviction, I
am of the view that they provide useful guidance in this case.

59 While the nature of the assault which the respondent is alleged to have
committed is relatively minor, I am conscious that the alleged victim belongs
to a class of vulnerable persons (see ADF v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 874
at [61]). There is therefore a significant public interest in ensuring that
any verdict reached is the product of a considered decision by a judicial
tribunal, rather than the result of a flaw in the legal process. It is also
pertinent to reiterate that cases involving abuse of domestic maids often
involve one person’s word against another’s with limited objective evidence.
The need for trial judges to evaluate the evidence and the credibility of the
witnesses carefully is thus especially pressing in such cases. In these
circumstances, an appellate court should be more reluctant to allow failures
in that regard by the trial judge to affect the outcome of cases. In this
connection, I reject the respondent’s submission that an order for a re-trial
would amount to giving the prosecution a “second bite of the cherry”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Respondent’s further submissions at para 30(iv).

This is not a case in which the prosecution can be faulted for not having
brought forward the necessary evidence but one in which they were prevented
from conducting their case as they ought to have.

60 I accept that this incident took place some time ago – it is now nearly
four years since the alleged incident happened – and so any prolongation of
the matter would put the parties involved to expense. I am also conscious, as
has been pointed out, that the complainant and two of the prosecution
witnesses are foreign nationals and an order for a re-trial would involve
delaying their return. As against that, however, I note that any re-trial is
unlikely to be very protracted since the evidential phase of these proceedings
took about three days in total. In any event, the prosecution is not precluded
from seeking an appropriate order should they deem that they are no longer
able to marshal the evidence to support the charge or if they decide, in all
the circumstances of the case, not to proceed with the matter.

Conclusion

61 Having considered matters in the round, I am satisfied that the appeal must
be allowed and the order of acquittal set aside. I am of the view that it is
in the public interest to ensure full ventilation and consideration of the
evidence by the court in a trial de novo. The appropriate course in the
interests of justice would be to order a re-trial before another judge and I
so order.

See Kee Oon  
Judicial Commissioner

Yang Ziliang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the appellant;  
Quek Mong Hua and Jonathan Cho (Lee & Lee) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

