Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 128

Suit No. 904 of 2014

Between

TNG SWEE SENG

… Plaintiff

And

LAU KIM SWEE

… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Contract] — [Consideration]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tng Swee Seng

v

  

Lau Kim Swee

[2016] SGHC 128

High Court — Suit No 904 of 2014  
Edmund Leow JC  
6-7 October 2015

4 July 2016

Edmund Leow JC

Introduction

1 Suit 904 of 2014 (“S 904/2014”) arose out of the Plaintiff’s claim against
the Defendant for a sum of $655,900.07 owed to the Plaintiff pursuant to an
oral agreement around 29 October 2009 to transfer shares. The Defendant
counterclaimed against the Plaintiff for $540,000 as money that the Plaintiff
had received or wrongfully converted for his own use from the Defendant’s
personal POSB account. The dispute was an entirely factual one.

2 I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim and the Defendant’s counterclaim. Both
parties have since filed notices of appeal against my decision, and I set out
the reasons below.

Factual background

Parties

3 The Plaintiff is Tng Swee Seng, the previous director and shareholder of
Comtrust Marine & Engineering Pte Ltd, now known as KS Marine Engineering Pte
Ltd (“the company”). The company was in the business of supplying manpower for
building of ships, tankers and other ocean-going vessels. The Plaintiff was a
director of the company from 18 January 2002 to 28 October 2009, and a
shareholder from 18 January 2002 to 29 October 2009. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (amended) (“SOC”) para 1

At the time of the share transfer, he was the sole shareholder. Before the
company was incorporated, the Plaintiff had operated as a sole proprietor in
the same business since the 1990s.

4 The Defendant is Lau Kim Swee, the current director and sole shareholder of
the company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Exhibit A of the Defendant’s AEIC

He became a director on 26 May 2008, and then the sole shareholder on 29
October 2009.

Undisputed matters

5 It was undisputed that after the Plaintiff transferred shares to the
Defendant on 29 October 2009, there was no payment by the Defendant to the
Plaintiff pursuant to this share transfer. The Plaintiff continued to work at
the company even after his resignation as director and the transfer of all
shares to the Defendant. He was in charge of the accounts and administration
of the company until early 2012. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NEs Day 1 Page 75 line 1

6 The company had only one OCBC bank account from which it made all necessary
payments for the running of the business. The signatory of the OCBC bank
account was changed from the Plaintiff to the Defendant in December 2009. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Paragraph 8(vi) of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1)

It was undisputed that the Plaintiff remained in charge of the company’s
accounts and taxes until 2012 – the Defendant admitted that he handed the
company’s accounts and cheques to the Plaintiff, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Paragraph 17 of Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1)

and that the Plaintiff had all the cheque books of the company. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Paragraph 39 of Defendant’s AEIC

The Defendant also admitted to entrusting pre-signed company cheques to the
Plaintiff. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Paragraph 62 of Defendant’s AEIC

The Plaintiff admitted that he submitted accounts of the company to the Income
Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) by signing on the Defendant’s behalf
in 2010 and 2011. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

NEs Day 1 Page 98 line 28

7 It was also undisputed that the Plaintiff was in charge of the Defendant’s
personal accounts, as the Defendant admitted that he had entrusted the
Plaintiff with his personal documents and cheques. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Paragraph 18 of Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1)

Issues in dispute

Agreement on share transfer

8 The main issue in dispute at trial was factual - whether the transfer of the
Plaintiff’s 120,000 shares in the company to the Defendant was only for a
nominal consideration of $1, or was a sale with conditions attached.

9 The Plaintiff claimed that he wished to sell the company when his health
deteriorated. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC, para 13; BAPD 331

He claimed that there was an oral agreement with the Defendant that the
Plaintiff would sell the 120,000 shares in the company to the Defendant at
$1.00 per share plus the entire balance in the company’s OCBC account which
stood at $535,900.07 as of 29 Oct 2009 (“the oral agreement”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC para 4 and 5

The Plaintiff appeared to take this sum of $535,900.07 as representing
everything he had invested in the company. The Defendant thus owed the
Plaintiff a total sum of $655,900.07 according to the Plaintiff’s case.
According to the Plaintiff, there was a shareholders’ meeting on 29 October
2009 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC para 7

with the Plaintiff, the Defendant, and an auditor in attendance, during which
the parties passed a resolution with the particulars stated as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC para 7

(a) That the transfer of 120,000 shares of S$1.00 each numbered from 000001 –
120000 from the Plaintiff, as transferor to the Defendant, the transferee at a
consideration of S$1.00 (subject to stamping) be approved;

(b) That the old share certificates of 120,000 shares in the name of the
Plaintiff be cancelled; and

(c) That the directors of the Company be authorized and instructed to issue
new share certificate to the Defendant for 120,000 shares and that the Common
Seal of the Company be affixed to the new share certificate in accordance with
the Company’s Articles of Association.

10 The Plaintiff also claimed that he agreed to leave the $535,900.07 in the
company’s bank account for two to three months so that the Defendant could run
the business and accumulate capital for his own use. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NEs Day 1 Page 106 line 21

Some time in February 2010, the Plaintiff requested for payment of the total
sum of $655,900.07 but the Defendant refused.

11 In my view, contrary to the Plaintiff’s claim, there could not possibly
have been a shareholders’ meeting between the Plaintiff and the Defendant on
29 October 2009. Based on the share transfer form and the director’s
resolution documenting the transfer of the company’s shares, it was clear that
as at the date of transfer of the shares, the Plaintiff was the sole owner of
the 120,000 shares of the company.

12 The Defendant denied the existence of the oral agreement and the
shareholders’ meeting. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defendant’s AEIC paras 72-73

According to him, the transfer of all shares on 29 October 2009 was for a
nominal sum of $1.00, with no promise of further payments from the company’s
bank account. The Defendant denied that there was ever an auditor present when
the parties signed the share transfer form – it was given to him to sign by
the Plaintiff. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Day 1 Page 109 line 14-16

The only agreement that the Defendant admitted existed between the parties was
the one made in mid-May 2008: 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Day 2 Page 60 line 23

the Plaintiff would take out whatever he had invested in the company and leave
sufficient funds in the company to enable the Defendant to continue running
the business. Thereafter, the Plaintiff would transfer all his shares in the
company to the Defendant. The Defendant argued that by virtue of the
director’s remuneration that the Plaintiff had paid himself in 2008 and 2009,
the Plaintiff had taken out whatever that belonged to him in the company’s
OCBC account and whatever that was not taken by the time he left was to be
left for the company. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Day 1 Page 105 lines 10-15

The Defendant appeared to be of the understanding that whatever sums that were
left in excess of what was needed to sustain the company’s cash flow was a
bonus given to him as part of the profit sharing agreement that he claimed had
been in place since he started working for the Plaintiff. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Day 2 Page 92 line 24

In gist, the Defendant’s argument was that the Plaintiff had been paid and was
not entitled to further payments beyond 29 October 2009.

Consideration for 120,000 shares

13 The first part of the Plaintiff’s claim relates to the consideration for
the 120,000 shares - I am of the view that the Plaintiff’s claim regarding the
consideration should be dismissed.

14 By the Plaintiff’s own words, the preparation of the paperwork was done in
a very professional manner. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC para 30; BAPD 334

However, the share transfer form contradicts the Plaintiff’s claim outright,
as it states that the transfer of 120,000 shares was for a total of $1. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

BAPD 344

The directors’ resolution also states that the transfer is for a total of $1.
22

##### Foot Note 22

×

BAPD 343

The Plaintiff had admitted that the two documents were prepared by the auditor
based on his instructions. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NEs Day 1 Page 114 line 6

He was unable to explain what his exact instructions to the auditor were
during cross-examination. The Plaintiff claimed that the share transfer and
directors’ resolution were signed with the auditor present. However, the
auditor’s signature did not appear under the witness signature section on the
share transfer form.

15 Furthermore, the auditor who was purportedly present at the 29 October 2009
meeting was not called as a witness by the Plaintiff. It was not as if she
could not be located – she had replied to the Defendant’s letter regarding the
transfer of shares in as late as January 2015. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

BAPD 322 and 323

The Plaintiff’s explanation appeared to be that he found no need to call the
auditor as a witness; 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NEs Day 1 p 111

I found this explanation unconvincing – she would clearly be a material
witness if she had been present when parties signed the form, and her evidence
was crucial especially when the Plaintiff was unable to explain satisfactorily
why the auditor had drafted the share transfer form in such a manner. I was
thus entitled to infer from the auditor’s absence, under s 116(g) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), that the auditor’s evidence would likely
be unfavourable to the Plaintiff.

16 Thus, I find that the Plaintiff had failed to discharge his burden of proof
regarding the share transfer consideration.

Claim on the OCBC balance as of 29 October 2009

17 The second part of the Plaintiff’s claim relates to the balance in the
company’s OCBC account as of 29 October 2009. It is undisputed that the
Plaintiff was entitled to a sum of money from the company’s OCBC account
before his exit. I agreed with the Plaintiff that it was unlikely that the
Plaintiff would give the company away to the Defendant for no consideration
whatsoever, when the company was a profitable going concern. The issue is
whether the Plaintiff had already taken out the sum of money that he was
entitled to as of 29 October 2009. In my view, it appeared that he had already
done so by the time of his exit as a director and shareholder, would therefore
not be entitled to further sums from the company.

18 Regarding the quantum that the Plaintiff was entitled to, I am of the view
that parties did not agree on a specific number, despite the Plaintiff’s
attempt to show otherwise. This was admitted by the Defendant, who said that
he was only expecting the Plaintiff to leave him money, but was uncertain as
to the exact quantum. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NEs Day 2 pp 64, 66, 70

The Defendant argued that there could not have been an agreement on
$535,900.07 as the sum that the Plaintiff was entitled to because the
Defendant was never shown financial figures of the company up to that point;
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 75 (a)

he only became a signatory to the company’s bank account in December 2009.
Furthermore, the Plaintiff admitted on cross-examination that he only got the
bank statement for October 2009 after the month of October 2009, which was
also after the purported date of the oral agreement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Day 1 Page 131 line 13

Based on the parties’ evidence, the only firm inference I could draw was that
the agreement between them was for the Plaintiff to take out whatever sum that
he saw fit, so long as he left enough for the company to operate.

19 The Plaintiff argued that he was entitled to the entire bank balance of the
company as of 29 October 2009 because it could represent either whatever he
had invested in the company, or the retained profits of the company. I find
both positions untenable. The Plaintiff had failed to prove that the bank
balance was what he had invested in the company, or the retained profits of
the company. There was no proof at all of how much the Plaintiff had invested
in the company. His references to the proceeds from a sale of a property worth
approximately $800,000 during cross-examination 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NEs Day 1 Page 85-86

were not backed up by documentary evidence, and in any case contradicted the
quantum that he was claiming for. I also accepted the Defendant’s point that
it would be misleading to only look at the company’s bank balance as of a
particular day. A figure in the bank account on a particular day is a
meaningless figure without more information; there could be existing
liabilities, assets, and receivables of the company that were not reflected on
the bank balance. Tellingly, the company’s declared income to the IRAS for the
year 2009 was $408,970, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Page 40 of Defendant’s AEIC

while its profit before income tax, as stated in the company’s unaudited
accounts for 2009, was $284,493; 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Page 80 of DBOD

both figures were much less than the sum claimed by the Plaintiff. A more
accurate valuation of the company would be its net asset value at the material
time, but this figure was not what was pleaded.

20 Looking at the accounts of the company and how much the Plaintiff had paid
himself for director’s salaries and bonuses in 2008 and 2009, I am convinced
by the Defendant’s argument that the Plaintiff had already taken out whatever
was due to him by the time he transferred his shares to the Defendant. In 2006
and 2007, the Plaintiff was paid a total of $150,000 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Defendant’s DBD2 Page 20

and $230,000 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Defendant’s DBD2 Page 157

respectively in remuneration by the company. In 2008 and 2009, when the
Plaintiff evinced the intention to leave the company, the figures increased
exponentially to $657,260.00 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Defendant’s Bundle of documents page 37

and $797,781.50 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Bundle of documents page 58

respectively. The director’s remuneration was paid only to the Plaintiff
despite the Defendant also being a director of the company since 2008; the
Plaintiff admitted that the Defendant never received any director’s fees while
the Plaintiff still was running the company. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Day 1 Page 105 line 1

This significant increase in the Plaintiff’s remuneration was consistent with
the Defendant’s position that the parties reached the agreement for the
Plaintiff to exit the company in 2008. The agreement set in place the
Plaintiff’s imminent exit, and explains the significant increase in the sums
that he was taking out of the company. In addition to the director’s
remuneration, it appears from a few company cheques in 2008 and 2009, such as
the one in 15 June 2009 worth $540,000 drawn in favour of the Plaintiff, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Page 41 of Defendant’s DBD1 and Page 72 of Defendant’s DBD2

that the Plaintiff had taken additional sums from the company though it is
unclear what they were used for. The Plaintiff effectively admitted during
cross examination 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Day 1 Page 105

that he took so much money from the company in 2008 and 2009 because of his
agreement with the Defendant in May 2008 after he evinced an intention to
leave:

Q You paid yourself in 2009, 610,000 as director’s fees and 187,782 as salary,
you agree?

A Ah, yes.

Q Now witness, my instructions are that you paid yourself so much, we are not
saying that you cannot pay yourself. We are saying that you paid yourself so
much because in May of 2008, you had agreed to sell or to give your shares to
the defendant promising to keep enough for him to run the business; what do
you have to say to that? And that’s the reason why you took out so much money,
although you were---

A Yah, I did not promise him to give for free.

Q Stop, I am suggesting to you that you took out so much money, six, seven
hundred thousand for 08, 09, right, after you had agreed for him to do so,
telling him that you would leave enough money behind for him to operate the
company.

A Ah, yes.

Q Right, otherwise you would not have taken so much money to put in your
pocket.

A These are my profits.

21 Also, the Defendant pointed out that while the Plaintiff was in charge of
the Defendant’s personal account and the company’s account even after the
Plaintiff had transferred his shares and officially resigned from the company,
he had never demanded from the Defendant any sums owed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NEs Day 2 Page 66 line 10

The Plaintiff only demanded a sum of $800,000 from the Defendant when he
recovered from his March 2012 stroke in July/August 2012, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s AEIC para 41

which was much later than the period of a few months that the Plaintiff
purportedly gave to the Defendant to accumulate capital in October 2009. There
were no letters of demand or correspondences regarding the claimed sum before
the present legal proceedings were commenced. It was hard for me to believe
that the Plaintiff would continue to work for the Defendant for more than two
years after his official exit from the company, if the oral agreement on the
terms claimed by the Plaintiff existed, and the Defendant had refused to pay
up by February 2010, when the Plaintiff demanded payment. This affected the
credibility of the Plaintiff’s claim.

22 I was thus of the view that the Plaintiff had failed to discharge his
burden of proof in establishing his claim as a whole.

Counterclaim for $540,000

23 The Defendant claimed he was illiterate and therefore had a longstanding
practice of leaving the management of his personal POSB account and taxes to
the Plaintiff. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s AEIC, para 15

The Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff falsely declared the Defendant’s
income for 2011 as $720,000, 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s AEIC para 58; Exhibit D of Defendant’s AEIC

and then proceeded to take money out from the Defendant’s personal account
periodically without his authorization. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defendant’s AEIC para 59

It was the Defendant’s claim that this $720,000 was deposited into his bank
account in a few separate cheques, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NEs Day 2 Page 75 line 9

but as no statements from his POSB account were proffered, this claim could
not be verified. The Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff had forged the
Defendant’s signatures without the Defendant’s authorization on three personal
cheques in 2010, 2011, and 2012, amounting to a total of $540,000 in favour of
the Plaintiff, which formed the basis of the counterclaim. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s AEIC para 66

The Defendant had reported this purported forgery to the police 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s AEIC para 67, Exhibit F of Defendant’s AEIC

and the Plaintiff was subsequently charged with three counts of forgery of the
aforesaid cheques. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NEs Day 1 p 52

24 In cross-examination, the Plaintiff did not dispute that he took the three
cheques worth $540,000. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NEs Day 1 p 51

He admitted that he was the one who forged the Defendant’s signature on the
three personal cheques, but claimed that this was done with the Defendant’s
consent. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NEs Day 2 p 22

The Plaintiff’s defence was that the $540,000 was withdrawn on the Defendant’s
consent, agreement, and instructions. In the Plaintiff’s pleadings and
affidavit of evidence in chief, it was only stated that the $540,000 was used
to settle the Defendant’s debts on the Defendant’s instructions, without
further particulars of the said debt. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s AEIC para 35; BAPD 336

However, during cross-examination, the Plaintiff suddenly claimed that those
debts were owed to him – comprising the Defendant’s income taxes that he had
paid on the Defendant’s behalf over the years and a personal loan from the
Plaintiff to the Defendant. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NEs Page 58 line 7

25 There are thus two separate issues to be determined in respect of this
counterclaim:

(a) Whether the payments of the cheques to the Plaintiff were to settle the
Defendant’s debts owed to the Plaintiff (“the first issue”); and

(b) Whether the withdrawals of $540,000 via the three cheques were done
without the Defendant’s authorization and consent (“the second issue”).

26 On the first issue, I am disinclined to believe the Plaintiff’s defence
that this $540,000 represented debts owed to him. This was never pleaded in
the Plaintiff’s defence to the counterclaim, and there was no documentary
proof. It appeared to be a mere afterthought. The Plaintiff was unable to
produce any documentary evidence of a loan to the Defendant for his property,
renovation, or for a car. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NEs Day 1 Page 70-72

In respect of the $190,000 cheque dated 7 October 2010, the Plaintiff claimed
that it was a repayment of his personal loan to the Defendant, but he was
unable to give the exact figure of this personal loan. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NEs Day 2 Page 20 line 26

In respect of the $300,000 cheque dated 25 March 2011, the Plaintiff claimed
that this was for the down-payment of the Defendant’s condominium as well as
for renovations. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NEs Day 1 pp 68-69

This directly contradicted his evidence at re-examination that the down-
payment was given as a sign of appreciation and goodwill. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NEs Day 2 Page 16 line 16 and line 22

The Plaintiff’s vague explanations clearly could not withstand cross-
examination. I am of the view that the Plaintiff’s purported defence is a
sham.

27 It is important to separate the second issue from the issue of the forgery
of the cheques. Whether or not there was forgery by the Plaintiff is a matter
that will not be decided in this case as parties have admitted that it is the
subject of criminal investigations. The pertinent issue is whether the
Plaintiff’s withdrawal of the counterclaim sum by signing on the Defendant’s
personal POSB cheques was done with the Defendant’s authorization and consent.
While I do not believe that the payment of the three cheques to the Plaintiff
was to settle debts owed to the Defendant, it does not necessary follow that
the payment of the cheques to the Plaintiff was thus unauthorized.

28 Though I rejected the Plaintiff’s defence, I could not accept the
Defendant’s allegations at face value either. Reviewing parties’ evidence as a
whole, I was of the view that there is insufficient evidence to support the
Defendant’s claim that the three cheques were forged without authorization
from him.

29 The distinguishing feature and difficulty in this case is that there was a
general authority given to the Plaintiff to manage the Defendant’s account.
The longstanding practice of the Plaintiff managing the Defendant’s personal
POSB account and declaring the Defendant’s taxes struck me as a very unusual
arrangement. This was done at the Defendant’s request. Both parties also
admitted to a longstanding practice of the Defendant giving the Plaintiff pre-
signed cheques from both his personal POSB account as well as the company’s
OCBC account, in the course of running the business. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NEs Day 2 Page 21 line 18; Defendant’s AEIC Para 63

The Plaintiff admitted to making payments on the Defendant’s behalf using the
POSB cheques whether pre-signed or forged. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NEs Day 2 Page 22 line 17 and Page 24 line 3

From this arrangement, the irresistible inference was that there was a
general, broad-ranging authorization to the Plaintiff to manage the
Defendant’s personal finances relating to the POSB account. The unusual
blanket authorization in favour of the Plaintiff to manage the Defendant’s
personal accounts showed prima facie consent to banking activities conducted
by the Plaintiff on the Defendant’s behalf.

30 From the surrounding circumstances of how the company was run after 29
October 2009, I was of the view that this blanket authorisation to transfer
monies in and out of the Defendant’s personal account and the company’s
account must have continued even after the Plaintiff was no longer an officer
or employee of the company on paper.

31 The Defendant singled out these three cheques made payable to the Plaintiff
and asserted that they ought to be returned to him. This alone, however, was
insufficient in showing that the Plaintiff’s actions were not within the
blanket authorisation, especially given the unusual nature of the arrangement
between both parties. Despite making reference to his personal POSB account
statements in the submissions, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 146-148

the Defendant did not adduce these statements as evidence. His claim that the
Plaintiff had transferred $720,000 from the company to the Defendant’s POSB
account as director’s fees, and then withdrew $540,000 in the Plaintiff’s own
favour out of this same $720,000 was unsupported by documentary evidence. In
fact, in terms of the sequence of events, the Defendant’s allegation seems
unlikely as the declaration of income as $720,000 was for the year 2011, while
the withdrawal of $540,000 was in three separate cheques across three years
from 2010-2012. Furthermore, during cross-examination, the Defendant appeared
unclear as to the balance in his POSB account at the material time, and
admitted that he was not entirely sure that a sum of $720,000 was deposited
into his personal account from the company. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

NEs Day 2 Page 74 line 22

At one point, the Defendant even admitted that he was unsure how much exactly
the Plaintiff had withdrawn from the POSB account: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NEs Day 2 pp 74-75

Court: But this is your own, this is your own defence, so I think you should
know the amount. It sounds like it is 720, because in little (i), you referred
to the amount of 720, and then in little (ii), you say this amount was paid
into the POSB account. So this amount must be 720; correct?

Witness: Because I handed him my account passbooks so that he could help me
make repayments for the housing loans as well as the car loans. I do not know
how much exactly he had withdrawn from my bank account.

[…]

Q And the plaintiff only took $540,000, leaving a balance of $180,000; right?

A I do not have the bank statements with me, it was with him.

[emphasis added]

32 This really begged the question - how did the Defendant prepare his
counterclaim? I found it unconvincing that he would be unaware of how much he
was being paid yearly and how much he had in his personal bank account, even
if he delegated the management to someone else.

33 On the other hand, I acknowledge that the Plaintiff’s responses during
cross-examination appeared to suggest that the three cheques were not
withdrawn with authorization: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NEs Day 2 Page 22 line 3-19

Court: Since he is happy to give you pre-signed cheques ---

Witness: Ah.

Court: --- you can just ask him for some more.

Witness: Yah, that’s why every time onwards, from that time onwards, he did
not give any pre-signed cheques and then said he is not free, you see. […]

Court: So what you’re saying is that he refused to give you some more?

Witness: Ah, yes.

Court: Is that what you’re saying?

Witness: Ah.

Court: So you have to forge his signature instead?

Witness: But, er, I told him, lah, then with his consent, he said, never mind,
you just use it, lah, so --- I know it’s wrong to sign on behalf of him, but I
did ask him, with his consent also.

34 However, given the broad authorization over the Defendant’s account in the
first place, two questions have to be answered before one could conclude
whether these three cheques were authorised:

(a) Firstly, why did the Defendant give broad authorization in the form of
pre-signed cheques to the Plaintiff to take out money as he wished from the
Defendant’s account?

(b) Secondly, why did the Defendant stop giving those pre-signed cheques?

35 There was no satisfactory explanation given by either party to these
questions. I do not accept that the Defendant did so simply because he was
illiterate or that the Plaintiff did this as favour. This arrangement did not
last for merely one or two weeks, but for two to three years. There must have
been some informal arrangement that was not disclosed to the court. It also
defied common sense that one would cede all control over a personal bank
account merely because he was illiterate.

36 Thus, it was unclear what the limit of the Plaintiff’s authority in
managing the Defendant’s personal POSB account up to March 2012 was. Many of
their arrangements, whether regarding personal loans or the company, appeared
highly informal in nature, such as the curious one in which the Plaintiff
continued to run the affairs of the company for essentially no remuneration,
even after he had divested himself of all legal interest.

37 I am of the view that isolating the three transactions out of the many that
were done pursuant to a broad authorization to manage the Defendant’s account,
is insufficient in showing that the three cheques were unauthorised as they do
not show a complete picture of the long running arrangements between the
parties.

38 Unfortunately, the parties’ testimonies failed to assist in clarifying the
nature of their arrangements regarding the Defendant’s personal accounts. As
the evidence stood at the end of trial, I was unable to draw a firm conclusion
in favour of the Defendant regarding the counterclaim.

Conclusion

39 For the reasons given above, I dismissed the Plaintiff’s claim and the
Defendant’s counterclaim. Since neither party had proven their case, they are
to bear their own costs.

Edmund Leow

Judicial Commissioner

Manickavasagam s/o Rm Karuppiah Pillai (M/s Manicka & Co, instructed) and
Abdul Rahman bin Mohd Hanipah (M/s Abdul Rahman Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff

Tan Siah Yong (ComLaw LLC) for the defendant

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:39 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

