Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2016] SGHC 07

Companies Winding Up No 178 of 2015

In the matter of Section 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)In the matter
of Autopack Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

| (1)| Ting Shwu Ping  
---|---  
(2)| Ting Shwu Ping (Administrator of the Estate of Chng Koon Seng, deceased)  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

Autopack Pte Ltd

… Defendant

Companies Winding Up No 179 of 2015

In the matter of Section 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50)In the matter
of Scanone Pte Ltd  
---  
  
Between

Ting Shwu Ping (Administrator of the Estate of Chng Koon Seng, deceased)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Scanone Pte Ltd

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Companies]—[Winding Up]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ting Shwu Ping and another

  
v

  

Autopack Pte Ltd and another matter

[2016] SGHC 07

High Court — Companies Winding Up Nos 178 and 179 of 2015  
Edmund Leow JC  
14, 28 October 2015; 4 November 2015

22 January 2016 Judgment reserved.

Edmund Leow JC:

Introduction

1 It used to be a somewhat curious anomaly that the court was able to order a
buy-out in cases of minority oppression, but not under a winding-up
application, especially in light of the drastic effect of granting an order to
wind up a company. In 2011, the Steering Committee appointed by the Ministry
of Finance, in its report entitled Report of the Steering Committee for Review
of the Companies Act (June 2011) (“Steering Committee Report”) recommended
that the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) should be amended to allow a
court hearing a winding-up application to order a buy-out where it is just and
equitable to do so, instead of ordering that the company be wound up. This
recommendation was accepted and enacted by Parliament by way of the Companies
(Amendment) Act 2014 (No 36 of 2014). With effect from 1 July 2015, courts
have the power, in the context of a winding up application commenced on the
just and equitable ground (under s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act), or a
winding-up application commenced on the basis that the directors have acted in
a manner that is unfair or unjust to the other members (under s 254(1)(f) of
the Companies Act), to order the interests in shares of one or more members to
be purchased by the company or one or more of the company’s members under s
254(2A) of the Companies Act, if it is just and equitable to do so (hereafter
referred to as the “Buy-out Provision”).

2 The present case concerns two separate applications to wind up two companies
(hereafter referred to as the “Defendants”) owned and managed by Chng Koon
Seng (“Mr Chng”) and Chan Key Siang (“Mr Chan”), on the just and equitable
ground. As this case involved a recent amendment to the Companies Act, I write
this judgment to explain how the provisions apply to the present case and my
reasons for dismissing the application.

Facts

3 The first plaintiff is the administrator of the estate of Mr Chng. At the
time of his demise on 7 April 2014, Mr Chng and the first plaintiff were
husband and wife. Prior to that date, Mr Chng was a shareholder of Autopack
(Pte) Ltd (“Autopack”), a limited exempt private company incorporated on 1
September 1989 and in the business of the wholesale of computer accessories
and other machinery. Mr Chng, Mr Chan, and Yeo Seng Poh (“Mr Yeo”) were the
sole directors and shareholders of Autopack at the time of its incorporation.
The Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) signed by Mr Chng, Mr Chan and Mr Yeo
states that the number of partners in Autopack will not be increased, and
should a partner decide to sell his shares, the remaining two partners are to
decide whether a new partner is to take over the shares of the withdrawing
partner. If no agreement is reached on the admission of a new partner, none
will be admitted, and the withdrawing partner must offer his shares to be
bought by the remaining two partners. Autopack’s Articles of Association
(“Articles”) also provide that existing members of the company have a right of
pre-emption to purchase the shares of other shareholders who wish to withdraw
from the company. The relevant articles which govern the valuation of the
shares are material to the dispute and set out below:

Article 29 … the person proposing to transfer any shares … shall specify the
sum he fixes as the fair value and shall constitute the Company his agents for
the sale of the share to any member of the Company … at the price so fixed or
at the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to be fixed by the auditor
in accordance with these articles …

Article 31 In case any difference arises between the proposing transferor and
the purchasing member as to the fair value of a share, the auditor shall, on
the application of either party certify in writing the sum which in his
opinion is the fair value, and such sum shall be deemed to be the fair value …

[Emphasis added]

4 It is apparent from the Articles that in the event that a dispute arises as
to the value of the shares for a share transfer, the fair value of the shares
is to be fixed by the auditor. The MOU and the Articles also do not give the
first plaintiff an automatic right to become a partner or even a director of
the Defendants on her husband’s death. Following from Mr Yeo’s departure from
the company on 1 April 1996, Mr Chng and Mr Chan bought Mr Yeo’s shares and
became the only directors and shareholders in Autopack with equal
shareholdings. It is undisputed that Mr Chng and Mr Chan decided sometime in
1999 that salaries would be paid to their wives, which would be deducted from
their own salaries, even though their wives were not involved in the business
of Autopack. On 28 May 2001, Mr Chng and Mr Chan each transferred 20% of his
shareholding to his respective spouse, and continued to hold 30% of the shares
in Autopack respectively.

5 Scanone (Pte) Ltd (“Scanone”) is a limited exempt private company
incorporated on 11 November 1997 with Mr Chng and Mr Chan as its only
directors and shareholders with equal shareholdings. It was incorporated with
the objective of representing agencies which were in competition with the
agencies which Autopack held, but as the market became more receptive to
Autopack carrying competing products in the mid-2000s, Scanone has become a
dormant company. At present, its main revenue comes from rent which it
collects from property held in its name. Scanone’s Articles of Association
which are relevant to the issues in this dispute are the same as Autopack’s.

6 Following from Mr Chng’s demise on 7 April 2014, the first plaintiff became
a director of the Defendants, the reasons for which were initially disputed.
According to the first plaintiff, she wished to become a director to learn
about the company to ascertain whether she would be able to carry on the
“partnership”, and to earn a living. According to the Defendants (through
their representative, Mr Chan), however, it was with the aim of allowing the
first plaintiff to make a proper offer on the shares owned by herself and Mr
Chng (hereafter referred to as the “Shares”) that Mr Chan had agreed to
appoint the first plaintiff as director of the Defendants. Becoming a director
would allow the first plaintiff to be able to access confidential and
sensitive financial information to make a proper offer for the sale of the
Shares. After the first plaintiff was appointed as director of the Defendants,
Mr Chan agreed to the first plaintiff’s request for her brother-in-law, Chng
Koon Beng, to assist the first plaintiff in her review of the documents of the
Defendants to arrive at a fair value for the sale of the Shares.

7 It is undisputed that Mr Chan and the first plaintiff entered into
negotiations on the buy-out of the Shares from as early as August 2014, but
have not been able to come to an agreement on the value of the shares since.
Negotiations between parties continued up to the commencement of winding-up
proceedings on 23 August 2015. For example, on 3 July 2015, the first
plaintiff stated in a letter to the Defendants that she was prepared to sell
the Shares to the Defendants at a “value to be determined by a valuer” agreed
to by both parties. The first plaintiff also proposed that cost of such
valuation would be borne by both parties equally. Mr Chan responded by stating
that the Articles state that the company auditor is to value the shares and
this would be a more expeditious and less costly process. The first plaintiff
has continued to express doubts, however, about the impartiality of the
company auditor and refuses to submit to the buy-out mechanism set out in the
Articles. The first plaintiff was subsequently removed as a director of the
Defendants.

8 The first plaintiff then proceeded to issue a statutory demand on 21 July
2015 against the Defendants, demanding immediate payment of certain
shareholder loans, failing which she expressed her intention that she may
commence winding-up applications against the Defendants. Consequently, on 23
August 2015, the first plaintiff applied for the winding-up of the Defendants
on the just and equitable ground, bringing an action against Autopack in her
own name, and as an administrator of the estate of Mr Chng, and against
Scanone as an administrator of the estate of Mr Chng (collectively referred to
as the “Plaintiffs”).

The Plaintiffs’ arguments

9 The Plaintiffs’ application to wind up Autopack on the just and equitable
ground is premised on its submission that the nature of the company was that
of a partnership. The death of Mr Chng should thus lead to the dissolution of
the partnership (pursuant to s 33(1) of the Partnership Act (Cap 391, 1994 Rev
Ed)) and even the Defendants which were the vehicles through which the
partnership did its business. Since what would happen in the event of the
death of a partner was not covered within the MOU, “the law should step in and
the partnership should be dissolved”. The Plaintiffs further submit that Mr
Chan has acted unfairly as the first plaintiff’s brother-in-law and herself
had not been given sufficient opportunity to inspect the documents even though
she had been appointed as a director of the Defendants, and that the first
plaintiff had not been paid her salary even though Mr Chan’s wife continued to
receive hers. But the primary relief which the Plaintiffs seek in the closing
submissions is not the winding-up of the Defendants, but for the court to
order a buy-out under s 254(2A) of the Companies Act. As the Plaintiffs are
seeking a buy-out, they further assert that this should be carried out by an
independent valuer, and cast doubt on the impartiality of the auditor of the
Defendants, claiming that he “may be pressed to favour his long-time friend,
[Mr] Chan or to back up what is stated in the financial statements.”

The Defendants’ arguments

10 The Defendants submit that the companies should not be wound up because the
present applications have been commenced for the collateral purpose of
allowing the first plaintiff to exit at will and circumvent the buy-out
mechanism under the Defendants’ MOU and Articles. The Defendants also argue
that the first plaintiff’s claim (in her affidavit) that she intended to carry
on a partnership with Mr Chan to manage the Defendants has clearly been
manufactured to support the present applications, as it is contrary to her own
admission that her objective is to sell the Shares to Mr Chan. The first
plaintiff had no right or expectation to be appointed as a director of the
Defendants and involved in them, as evinced by the MOU which shows that the
founding partners of the Defendants did not intend for anyone else to join in
the management of Autopack. The reason why the first plaintiff was appointed
as a director was merely to understand the company’s business and make an
offer for the Shares. The Defendants further submit that the first plaintiff
had been given reasonable access to documents but was the one who made no
offers subsequent to her inspection of them. As a result of the first
plaintiff’s assertions regarding inter alia, her alleged right to be paid the
directors’ salary and her accusations against Mr Chan, which she has now
admitted are false, the Defendants submit that the first plaintiff has come to
court with unclean hands.

The law on s 254(2A) of the Companies Act

11 Given that the Buy-out Provision has been introduced in the context of a
winding-up application, it is useful to bear in mind the effect of a winding-
up application and the context in which it is usually commenced. Even though
the making of a winding-up application does not result in the immediate
liquidation of the company from that date, during the period in time between
the time of application and the time it is heard, “the company is in limbo,
hovering as it were between life and death” (Tan Cheng Han, SC gen ed, Walter
Woon on Company Law (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed Revised) at para 17.11). Improper
proceedings to wind up a solvent company may cause considerable damage in the
period before an application is heard and courts should be wary of winding-up
applications brought as an abuse of the process, which applicants may have a
greater tendency and incentive to do in light of the new Buy-out Provision
which has come into effect. By leveraging on the potential disruption and
consequential disabilities that a winding-up application may bring to a
company, applications may be commenced as a tactical manoeuvre to exert
pressure on and force the other party’s hand in acceding to their requests or
proposals, no matter how unreasonable the request or proposal may be. A clear
line has to be drawn between bona fide and bad faith winding up applications,
to sieve out potential vexatious applications. Such concerns should shape the
court’s assessment of the limits of its own remedial discretion in the context
of assessing winding-up applications. An overly broad view of the court’s
discretion may further tilt the delicate balance which the Companies Act seeks
to maintain between de facto majority rule and the protection of minority
shareholders’ rights. This would effectively undermine the objective of the
amendments to the Companies Act, which sought to improve Singapore’s
international reputation and standing as a conducive business environment for
companies to operate in.

12 The Steering Committee Report should be considered in the above context to
ascertain the reasons behind the recommendation to introduce the Buy-out
Provision into the Companies Act. The Steering Committee Report states “[t]his
additional remedy would allow a court to order a buy-out instead of winding-up
in cases where the company is still viable and it would be a more efficient
solution for the majority to buy out the minority (or vice versa).” The
Steering Committee also took the view that:

[A]n application under the amended section 254(1)(i) is not really a question
of the applicant seeking a buy-out remedy, because the applicant would still
have to apply for a winding-up. Therefore, when an application for a winding-
up is made, the usual consequences follow. The court would have to form the
view that it is just and equitable to wind up the company. The buy-out is
merely an alternative remedy.

It is clear that the court has to be satisfied that the requirements for
winding-up are met in the present case before the remedy for a buy-out can be
considered. What is even more telling is the fact that the Steering Committee
recommended that the Companies Act should not be amended to introduce a
minority buy-out right or minority appraisal right in Singapore where such
rights would enable a dissenting minority shareholder who merely disagreed
with certain fundamental changes to an enterprise or certain alterations to
shareholders’ rights, to require the company to buy him out at a fair value.
The Steering Committee had specifically considered whether to adopt a minority
buy-out right or appraisal right as an alternative remedy for minority
shareholders and stated the following after reviewing the relevant legislation
from other countries:

The Steering Committee is not in favour of introducing such a remedy. It is
noted that generally all the triggering circumstances in the New Zealand, US
and Canadian legislation involve corporate actions that require approval of
the shareholders by special resolution. In contrast, shareholders of Singapore
incorporated companies have far more limited rights. A Singapore company is
able to enter into major transactions without shareholder approval. It would
therefore be illogical for a shareholder to have a buy-out right in
circumstances where he does not even have a right to vote to approve the
corporate action. As for the alteration of shareholder rights, the Steering
Committee took the view that majority rule is part of the bargain that
minority shareholders entered into, which includes the fact that their
shareholder rights could be altered by special resolution. Therefore, the
minority shareholders should not be able to require a buy-out on the ground
that their rights had been altered or removed by special resolution. There is
also concern that the introduction of such a remedy might lower the
attractiveness of Singapore as a place for the setting up of businesses, and
make it more difficult for entrepreneurs to change the course of their
business.

(Emphasis added)

There is thus no provision in the Companies Act which allows a minority
shareholder to exit at will merely because it disagrees with certain changes
made in an enterprise or alterations made to shareholder rights and force the
company to buy him out at will and at a fair value.

13 The Ministry of Finance accepted both recommendations of the Steering
Committee in this regard, deciding not to introduce a minority buy-out right
or appraisal right, and deciding to introduce a new buy-out remedy where the
court finds it just and equitable to make such an order in winding-up
applications. As stated by the Ministry of Finance, “[a]s the court will have
control over the situations under which such an order will be made, and there
are legal costs involved in bringing the application to court, it will help
safeguard against speculative litigation and prevent the abuse by minority
shareholders.”

14 Reading s 254(2A) of the Companies Act in light of parliamentary intention
and the recommendations of the Steering Committee, it becomes clear that the
introduction of the Buy-out Provision was not meant as a back-door approach
for disgruntled shareholders to apply for a buy-out at will. The Steering
Committee had in fact considered and rejected the introduction of such a
minority buy-out right. In light of the fact that Parliament chose not to
enact a minority buy-out right or appraisal right, and merely introduced a
more limited buy-out remedy under an application for winding-up, it is clear
that the court’s discretion to order a buy-out in winding-up applications
should be tightly circumscribed. Given that the court’s discretion should be
exercised in a manner which acts as a safeguard against speculative
litigation, I would suggest that the test to meet in an application for buy-
out under a winding-up application is as follows:

(a) The court must first determine whether the winding-up application is an
abuse of process, ie, if the applicant appears to be merely commencing a
winding-up application for the collateral purpose of being able to exit at
will (which was a specific right not recommended by the Steering Committee),
the application should be dismissed. If the court is of the view that had the
new provision not been enacted, the applicant would not have commenced a
winding-up application, this would be an indication, though not necessarily
conclusive, that the application is an abuse of process and not genuine.

(b) If the court is of the view that there is no abuse of process, the court
must then determine, based on the facts of the present case, whether the
application qualifies for an order of winding-up, either under s 254(1)(f) or
s 254(1)(i) of the Companies Act.

(c) Only if both requirements are met, will the court then go on to consider
an order for buy-out in the context of its remedial discretion.

Application to the facts of the present case

Is the application an abuse of process?

15 The first plaintiff has admitted on multiple occasions that her intention
was not to become a director and participate in the day-to-day running of the
Companies, but merely to sell her shares and those which she held on behalf of
her husband’s estate. In her third affidavit dated 23 September 2015, she
stated that at a meeting with Mr Chan on 16 April 2014, she proposed that the
shares be bought at a discount by staff of the Defendants who had been loyal
to Mr Chng. Mr Chan, on the other hand, wished to sell the shares to a third
party and their differing views gave both pause for thought in the matter.
There was no indication that at the meeting on 16 April 2014, she had any
intention to manage or participate in the management of the Defendants. This
continued to be the case at trial, when the first plaintiff admitted that she
was not interested in a partnership with Mr Chan to run the company, and
merely wanted to sell her shares. The excerpts in which she has made such
admissions are reproduced as follows:

Q Okay. Now, if you succeed in winding up these companies, what do you get?

A I get a fair price.

Q You will get a fair price based on a liquidation value, is that correct?

A Yes.

Q So you are happy with a liquidation value for your shares.

A It’s not I’m happy, it’s just that I---I do not know about business. I just
want to get out.

…

Q Okay. So, basically, at the time you became a director in April you had no
plans to run the business.

A I come in---since I’m a director, the company also need two signature to---
to---to run the---the company. That’s how I come and then to see how I can do
and then to get the salary paid.

Q But do you agree that also around this time your main plan was also to sell
your shares.

A Yah, I’m here to tell him that I want to sell then he also have that
interest to buy.

…

Q Okay can. But at least right now, we’ve established some common ground.
Basically that your main interest is really to sell your shares and to get a
fair value for them, correct?

A Yes.

Q That’s been your intention all the while.

A Yes.

Q You never wanted to run the company?

A No.

…

Q So, Madam, I put it to you that this is further evidence that you had no
intention of having a partnership with Chan to run Autopack. That it was
either you and consortium buy him out or you liquidate your shares in
Autopack.

A No, it wasn’t---I just want to sell my share, that’s it.

Q You just want to sell you shares?

A Yah.

Q Right? You never wanted to have a partnership with Chan?

A Yes.

(Emphasis added)

16 It is clear from the extract above that the first plaintiff’s objective was
never to participate in the management of the Defendants in a partnership with
Mr Chan, but it was merely for the purpose of allowing the first plaintiff to
be able to inspect the financial documents of Autopack and make the necessary
requests for further information so as to arrive at a fair valuation of the
Shares. The first plaintiff did not have any right as such to be appointed as
a director, and it is clear that she had been appointed merely for the
purposes of facilitating her exit from the company. The Plaintiffs have not
provided sufficient evidence to show that the appointment of the first
plaintiff as a director of the Defendants was to give her any legitimate
expectation to be treated as a director in relation to participating in the
management of the Defendants in matters beyond the access of documents to give
an offer on the Shares. She had no knowledge or interest in the business of
the Defendants all along. The dispute is thus merely on the value of the
Shares and not as to whether the company should be wound up over and above
allowing a share transfer to take place.

17 Further, a winding-up application is not in the interests of either side,
and certainly not in the Plaintiffs’ interests. If a winding-up is ordered,
the break-up value would be much lower than if the company was valued as a
going concern. The first plaintiff clearly knows this, which explains why she
prefers the buy-out remedy, rather than a winding up. In fact, if a buyout is
not ordered, I think she would prefer the application to be dismissed, because
she knows that the normal remedy of a winding up would not be in her
interests. It appears to me that the first plaintiff commenced this
application in the hope that it would pressurise the Defendants into acceding
to the price she had offered. Having regard to the circumstances of the case,
I am of the view that the Plaintiffs appear to be merely commencing the
winding-up application for the collateral purpose of being able to exit at
will. I also note that this application was commenced very shortly after s
254(2A) came into force, and this is not a coincidence. Had the new provision
not been enacted under an application for winding-up, I think the Plaintiffs
would not have commenced the present application, and thus conclude that the
commencement of the winding-up application in these circumstances amounts to
an abuse of process.

Do the present facts qualify for a winding-up application?

18 There is also no merit to the Plaintiffs’ application for winding up of the
Defendants on the just and equitable ground. The businesses of the Defendants
are viable and profitable ones which continue to be so, and there is no reason
why the Defendants should be wound up. The argument advanced by the Plaintiffs
is that the partnership should be dissolved because of the death of Mr Chng.
But s 1(2) of the Partnership Act clearly states that it does not govern
companies registered under the Companies Act. Section 33(1) of the Partnership
Act, which the Plaintiffs rely on to argue that the partnership dissolves on
the death of any partner, thus does not apply. Mr Chng and Mr Chan had chosen
to use the vehicle of an incorporated company and not a partnership to carry
out their business affairs. Further, there is no provision in the MOU or the
Articles that upon the death of one of the founding members, the company would
be wound up.

19 In any event, the grounds advanced by the first plaintiff are not
recognised as just and equitable grounds for winding-up. The grounds common to
such winding-up applications include loss of the company’s substratum,
fraudulent manner of business, oppression of minority members resulting in
loss of confidence in the management, deadlock in management of a company
incorporated on mutual trust and the deliberate exclusion of the applicant
from management in contravention of a prior understanding. None of these
grounds apply in this case. There is clearly no loss of substratum or fraud in
the way the business has been conducted. The Plaintiffs have not shown any
oppression of the minority members sufficient to justify loss of confidence in
the management. Though the Defendants were incorporated with an expectation of
co-operation and mutual trust amongst the founding members, this was between
Mr Chng and Mr Chan, not the first plaintiff and Mr Chan. There is no mutual
trust that has ever subsisted between the first plaintiff and Mr Chan, and
there is thus no basis for the first plaintiff to assert that she has a prior
understanding that she would be allowed to participate in managing the
company, or some legitimate expectation to that effect, and that the
Defendants have breached this legitimate expectation so proved. I thus find
that the facts surrounding the Plaintiffs’ present application for winding-up
of the Defendants do not disclose any merit to justify a winding-up on just
and equitable grounds, and the application should be dismissed.

20 Further, contrary to the Plaintiffs’ assertions that she and her brother-
in-law were prevented from viewing documents, it is not disputed that from
April 2014 to November 2014, the first plaintiff’s brother-in-law had in fact
taken out copies of financial documents relevant to the valuation of the
Shares: these included the financial reports for Autopack from 2009 to 2011
and Scanone from 2009 to 2012, the management account, the salaries paid, the
summary sales report, etc. Stone Forest, the auditors appointed by the first
plaintiff to aid in the valuation of the Shares, had conducted an inspection
on 7 April 2015 of a significant number of documents of the Defendants over
and above what had been inspected in 2014: these included documents detailing
the profit and loss of the Defendants and the balance sheets of the years 2013
and 2014, inventory valuation, fixed asset list, bank statements, etc. Under
cross-examination, the first plaintiff admitted to as much:

Q Okay. I put it to you that Mr Chan had actually not obstructed your access
to documents, that you---he had been cooperating as much as he could while
trying to maintain confidentiality. And in fact, at the last exchange, you did
not take up his offer to inspect.

A You can say that.

21 In my assessment, it is clear that the Plaintiffs were given access to the
documents, and the Plaintiffs’ claim that they were not permitted to access
documents belonging to the Defendants are merely bare allegations that are
unsupported by evidence.

Conclusion

22 Therefore, for the above reasons, I dismiss the Plaintiffs’ application.
The first plaintiff has of course been placed in a difficult position by her
husband’s sudden and unfortunate demise. But that does not enable her to
circumvent the clear provisions of the Articles. The Plaintiffs are required
to comply with the Defendants’ Articles in the transfer and valuation of the
shares, which will be carried out by the auditor of the Defendants in the
event of a dispute as to the price. I find no reason to doubt or question the
impartiality of the auditor of the Defendants. Given that I have not granted
the application to wind up the Defendants however, the valuation of shares is
not to be done on a liquidation basis. Costs are awarded to the Defendants in
both applications, to be taxed if not agreed.

Edmund Leow  
Judicial Commissioner

N Sreenivasan, SC, Ang Mei-Ling Valerie Freda and Tan Xin Ya (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Vikram Nair, Seow Wai Peng Amy and Tan Ruo Yu (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 11 Jan 2022 (19:48 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

