Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 144

Criminal Case No 18 of 2017

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Public Prosecutor

And

| Pannir Selvam Pranthaman  
---|---  
  
… Accused

grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Pannir Selvam Pranthaman

[2017] SGHC 144

High Court — Criminal Case No 18 of 2017  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
21-23, 28 February; 1 March; 2 May 2017

27 June 2017

Lee Seiu Kin J

Introduction

1 The accused is Pannir Selvam Pranthaman, a 29-year-old male Malaysian
citizen. He claimed trial to the following charge under s 7 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”):

That you, PANNIR SELVAM PRANTHAMAN, on 3rd September 2014 at or about 4.05 pm,
at Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Bike Green Channel, Singapore, did import a
Class A controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit, 4 packets containing 1833.2 g of
granular/powdery substance which were analysed and found to contain not less
than 51.84 g of diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 7 and punishable under section 33(1) of the said Act, and further upon
your conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section
33B of the said Act.

2 The accused accepted that the drugs were found on him and that he possessed
the drugs. But he contested that he had knowledge of the nature of the drugs
and he argued that he rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA.
Accordingly, the only issue before me was whether the accused succeeded in
rebutting the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA on a balance of
probabilities. After hearing the witnesses and submissions from both sides, I
found that the accused has not rebutted the s 18(2) presumption and convicted
him of the charge. I now give my reasons.

Undisputed facts

3 On the morning of 3 September 2014, the accused retrieved four packets of
brown coloured substance from the drain across his house and proceeded to tape
up the four packets with black tape. He hid three of the packets in his groin
area and the fourth in the back seat compartment of his motorcycle bearing
registration number JQB5302 (“the motorcycle”). Later the same day at about
4.05pm, the accused rode the motorcycle through Woodlands Checkpoint. It was
raining at that time and the accused was wearing a raincoat. He was stopped
for a random check by Senior Staff Sergeant Leong Mun Keong (“PW11”) and
Corporal Shi Gong Qiang (“PW12”). PW11 conducted a frisk search of the accused
and felt a protruding object at his groin area. He then searched the
motorcycle and found one packet wrapped in black tape at the back seat
compartment of the motorcycle.

4 The accused was then arrested and the packet recovered from the motorcycle
was handed over to Corporal Sollehen bin Sahadan (“PW17”). The accused was
accompanied to an interview room for a strip search by Sergeant Abdul Samad
bin Suleiman (“PW16”) and Corporal Khairul Faiz bin Nasaruddin (“PW13”). They
found the remaining three packets concealed at the accused’s groin area upon
the strip search. All four packets were eventually handed over to the Health
Sciences Authorities (“HSA”) for analysis. They were found to be a
granular/powdery substance which contained not less than 51.84g of
diamorphine. The accused’s DNA profile was found on the black tape used to
wrap one of the bundles which were recovered from his groin area.

5 After the strip search, PW16 and PW13 proceeded to record a statement from
the accused under s 22 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) from about 5.05pm to about 5.46pm (“the contemporaneous statement”).
The events during the course of recording the contemporaneous statement were
disputed. But what was not disputed was that the accused was recorded as
having replied “I don’t know” to the majority of questions posed, including
what the packets were, what they contained, who the person who passed him the
packets was, and who the packets were to be delivered to. The accused was
further recorded as stating that he was paid RM500 for each delivery but that
it was his “first time” making such a delivery. The accused also did not
challenge the voluntariness of the statement.

6 A first information report (“P57”) was later produced by PW17 at 7.39pm
which noted, among other things, that “one black tape bundle” was seized which
was “[believed to be] containing heroin recovered at the back seat compartment
of the [motorcycle]”.

7 Subsequently, Investigating Officer Lee Tien Shiong Herman (“PW23”) recorded
the following statements from the accused:

(a) Under s 23 CPC on 4 September 2014 at around 2.30am;

(b) Under s 22 CPC on 9 September 2014 at around 10.40am;

(c) Under s 22 CPC on 9 September 2014 at around 3.20pm;

(d) Under s 22 CPC on 10 September 2014 at around 10.05am;

(e) Under s 22 CPC on 10 September 2014 at around 10.55am;

(f) Under s 22 CPC on 10 September 2014 at around 2.30pm;

(g) Under s 22 CPC on 10 September 2014 at around 4.02pm; and

(h) Under s 22 CPC on 24 September 2014 at around 10.15am.

8 The accused did not challenge the voluntariness of any of the statements.

9 For the accused’s s 23 CPC statement, medical examinations were conducted on
the accused before and after the statement at about 2.09am and 3.28am on 4
September 2014 respectively. On each occasion the medical report noted “strong
alcohol fetor” on the accused. The charge including the notice of the death
penalty was read to the accused and he signed on it. In this statement the
accused stated that it was one “Anand” who gave him the packets. The accused
met Anand at a gambling den and Anand subsequently offered him a job as the
accused had lost most of his money on gambling. The accused also stated that
“[t]his is the first time I do this kind of mistake. I really do not know what
is the thing that they put on my [motorcycle]. That is all.”

10 In the accused’s s 22 CPC statement at [7(b)] above, the accused stated
that on the night of 2 September 2014, Anand brought him to a hotel room with
four to five other persons, and that he joined them in drinking and smoking
“Ice”. But the accused could not remember what happened after that. When he
woke up it was around 11.30am on 3 September 2014. He was awakened by Anand’s
call. Anand reminded the accused that he agreed to send “sapdhe” to Singapore.
Anand told him that he, the accused, had placed something in the drain behind
the shop houses near his house. The accused stated that he did not know what
“sapdhe” was, nor had he placed anything in the drain. He nevertheless went to
the drain to look. He found four plastic packets and brought them home. They
contained “brownish coloured stuff”. Again, although the accused did not know
what it was, he followed Anand’s instructions to wrap them in black tape,
intending to pass them to one “Jimmy” in Singapore. The accused said that
Anand told him that “this thing is not play play and can kill people”, and
that it was “worth thousands of dollars”. The accused said that when he was
stopped to be checked at Woodlands Checkpoint, he “knew that it was over for
[him]” and “told the officers to give [him] a chance and let [him] go back to
Johore Bahru”. He explained that he “panicked” and “knew that [he] was going
to die and did not know what to do”. That was why he did not cooperate with
the officers after he was arrested.

11 In the accused’s s 22 CPC statement at [7(g)] above, the accused stated
that while he could not remember when he had first “helped ‘Anand’ send the
drugs”, he had met Jimmy two to three times to deliver items for Anand. This
was between 22 August 2014 to 3 September 2014. The accused described the
three occasions: first, where he put three black taped bundles into a basket
of a bicycle chained to a tree; second, where he put three black taped bundles
into a rubbish bin near an overhead bridge; and third, when he put three black
taped bundles into an electric box on a bicycle. The accused was paid RM700
for each bundle delivered. He stated that he “did not reveal all these in
[his] earlier statements because [he] was afraid it would affect [his] case”.

Prosecution’s case

12 The Prosecution noted that the accused’s version of events was that he
thought that the four packets contained “sex medicine” or “aphrodisiac”
instead of diamorphine. But the Prosecution submitted that this account was
insufficient to rebut the s 18(2) presumption for two primary reasons: the
accused was not a credible witness, and his account was inherently illogical.

13 The Prosecution first submitted that the accused was not a credible
witness, relying on the inconsistencies in the accused’s account between his
statements and his version at trial, and also certain inconsistencies during
the trial itself:

(a) The accused’s account as to why he agreed to help Anand changed. He
initially stated in the s 23 CPC statement that it was due to his need for
money; but later in his evidence-in-chief he said that it was because Anand
faced financial difficulties. The accused blamed the deficiencies in the
recording process when confronted with this inconsistency during cross-
examination.

(b) The accused’s story as to who sent him home on the night of 2 September
2014 also changed. He claimed that it was one “Taya” who did so during his
evidence-in-chief; but during cross-examination changed the story to include a
third, unknown person. When confronted with this inconsistency the accused
stated that he was not specifically questioned about the event.

(c) In his s 23 CPC statement, the accused initially said that he did not know
where the bundles came from; only in later statements did he reveal Anand’s
involvement. His reason for doing so was that he did not wish to prejudice his
own case.

(d) The accused also initially claimed that this was the “first time” he had
made this “mistake” but later admitted that he had delivered packets from
Anand to Jimmy on three prior occasions. When the inconsistency was pointed
out to the accused in cross-examination, he maintained that this was not an
inconsistency as the “mistake” referred to the fact that he brought “powdery
substance” into Singapore. Since the previous three occasions involved
bringing tablets into Singapore, they were distinct incidents.

(e) The accused initially stated that he did not know the contents of the
bundles. But he later identified them as “drugs” and finally at trial he
proffered the position that he thought the packets contained “sex medicine”.

14 From these instances, the Prosecution submitted that the accused was
evasive, seeking to paint himself in the best possible light while attempting
to blame others such as the officers recording these statements for their
alleged inability to record accurately what he had said.

15 Apart from the accused’s credibility, the Prosecution further submitted
that the accused’s version of events was also inherently illogical in the
following areas:

(a) The accused’s account that he fully trusted Anand and treated him like a
brother was illogical since the two met at a gambling den and the accused did
not even know Anand's name. It was also illogical that the accused would not
be suspicious for being paid such a large amount for merely transporting
packets of sex medicine, especially since Anand would pay for any fines
incurred.

(b) The accused’s account as to what happened on the night of 2 September 2014
was also illogical, because if he had been as drunk as he said he was, he
would not have been able to hide the drugs in the drain.

(c) The accused’s story that he did not know that the packets contained drugs
was also illogical because in his own statements he referred to the packets as
containing drugs, and he also said that he was “going to die” and did not know
what to do. This suggested that he knew the packets contained drugs attracting
the death penalty.

(d) The accused’s explanation that he did not cooperate with the police and
Central Narcotics Bureau because he was paralyzed with fear from hearing of
the possibility of the death penalty was illogical, because it did not explain
why he was uncooperative between the time he was arrested and the time the
charge was read to him.

(e) The accused’s case that the officers involved were essentially attempting
to falsely procure a conviction was illogical. If PW16 wanted to do so he
would not have told the accused that the packets contained “heroin”, as at the
time of the contemporaneous statement the packets had not yet been tested and
it could have been any one of a number of controlled drugs. It was also
unlikely that PW23 would have been in cahoots with PW16 since he recorded
answers advantageous to the accused, such as when the accused stated that the
packets contained “brownish coloured stuff” but that he did not know what it
was.

(f) Finally, the allegation that the statement-recording process was improper
as the accused was not read back his statements and was not given the chance
to amend them if he so wished was also illogical. The accused signed against
the clauses stating that the statements were read back to him and had declined
to make any corrections. And in the contemporaneous statement, the accused had
signed against every single answer.

16 The Prosecution submitted that based on the above factors, the accused had
not discharged his burden of rebutting the s 18(2) presumption on a balance of
probabilities.

Defence’s case

17 The Defence submitted that the accused rebutted the presumption under s
18(2) of the MDA on a balance of probabilities. The Defence’s case was that
the accused believed that the packets contained sex medicine and had
reasonable grounds to have held that belief.

18 The Defence first contended that the accused believed that the packets
contained sex medicine. This could be seen from the fact that he variously
described the packets as “things”, “sapdhe”, or “sex medicine”, rather than
drugs. According to the Defence, the accused had also positively mentioned
this defence when his statements were being recorded or when he had the chance
to speak to CNB or police officers, but this was not recorded:

(a) When the accused was first arrested, he mentioned to PW11 that the packets
contained aphrodisiac but this was not reflected anywhere. PW11 could have
missed out on this testimony given that PW11 noted in his statement, Exhibit
PS11, that the accused “mumbled his reply”. PW11 also could not remember under
cross-examination whether he had conversed with the accused about aphrodisiac.

(b) The accused also mentioned that the packets contained aphrodisiac when the
contemporaneous statement was recorded to PW16 and PW13. But PW16 insisted
that the packets contained “heroin” instead, even before the packets were sent
to HSA for analysis, and did not record the accused’s version of events. This
was supported by the fact that PW16 admitted during cross-examination that it
was standard procedure to ask the accused what was contained within the bundle
and whether the accused was fit to give a statement, but neither of those
questions were reflected in the contemporaneous statement. Further, PW13 could
not recall whether PW16 asked questions which he did not record; and PW17
testified that he was informed by PW16 and PW13 that the bundles contained
heroin after they came out of the interview room with the accused.

19 The Defence submitted that it was reasonable for the accused to have held
this belief because Anand had told him that the packets contained sex
medicine. The accused had no reason to doubt Anand: the accused had treated
Anand like a brother and if Anand truly intended to “cheat” the accused, he
could have directly wrapped the packets in black tape instead of allowing the
accused the chance to look at the contents of the packets. Further, the
accused had called Anand to query him about this, and was satisfied with
Anand’s answer as he had previously seen similar brown substances being sold
in medicine shops in Malaysia.

20 In this regard the Defence referred me to the Court of Appeal’s recent
decision in Harven a/l Segar v PP [2017] 1 SLR 771 (“Harven”). The accused was
acquitted and one of the factors contributing to the acquittal was the fact
that he imported the drugs believing himself to be doing a “favour” to someone
he only met three weeks before he was arrested (at [6], [20]). The Defence
submitted that this should equally apply: although the accused only knew Anand
for a similar period of time, this would not preclude him from reasonably
relying on Anand’s assurances.

21 The Defence further submitted that the accused had been candid and
forthright and there were no material discrepancies or serious inconsistencies
in his account. For instance, the accused admitted that he had delivered
similar packets for Anand on three previous occasions even though there was no
need to do so. While the Defence acknowledged that there were some
inconsistencies in the accused’s statements, it was contended that they were
not material:

(a) While the contemporaneous statement could be viewed as a lack of
cooperation by the accused, this was because the accused was paralyzed by fear
upon PW16’s repeated insistence that the packets contained heroin. The Defence
relied on the CA’s decision in PP v Ilechukwu Uchechukwu Chukwudi [2015] SGCA
33 for the proposition that even if the accused was excessively defensive,
this did not “unequivocally” show that the accused had knowledge of the
contents of the imported items (at [20(b)].

(b) While the accused stated that it was the “first time” that he “[did] this
kind of mistake” in his s 23 CPC statement, this could be logically explained
by the fact that it was the first time the accused brought a granular
substance to Singapore. In any event, the Defence submitted that it was unsafe
to overly rely on this statement since the medical reports prior to and after
its recording indicated that the accused had a “strong alcohol fetor” about
him. The Defence submitted that this could indicate that the accused was
intoxicated whilst the statement-recording process took place.

22 Ultimately the Defence submitted that the accused was a “hapless and naïve
young man” who had been “duped” and “preyed on” by Anand whilst the accused
was in an “impaired state”. In such circumstances, the Defence said, the
accused should be found to have rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the
MDA on a balance of probabilities.

The law

23 Since the accused admitted that he possessed the drugs, the only issue that
I have to deal with is the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.
This presumption reverses the burden of proof onto the accused to show that,
on a balance of probabilities, he did not know the nature of the drug. As to
how this may be practically accomplished, guidance may be found in the CA’s
decision in Obeng Comfort v PP [2017] 1 SLR 633, where the court noted at [39]
that:

… as a matter of common sense and practical application, he should be able to
say what he thought or believed he was carrying … It would not suffice for the
accused to claim simply that he did not know what he was carrying save that he
did not know or think it was drugs. If such a simplistic claim could rebut the
presumption in s 18(2), the presumption would be all bark and no bite …

24 In other words, the court would consider the version of events put forth by
the accused, including what he believed the imported items contained. The
court would assess the veracity of this story and the credibility of the
accused as a witness, to determine whether in totality this suffices to
discharge the burden of proof. At the same time, as the CA in Harven equally
noted (at [2]):

… the inherent difficulties of proving a negative (in the present context, a
lack of knowledge) must be borne in mind … and the burden on an accused person
faced with this task should not be made so onerous that it becomes virtually
impossible to discharge. How this burden may be discharged is certainly not a
matter that can be spelt out in a fixed formula. It is the overall picture
that emerges to the court which is decisive as the court is here concerned not
with a scientific matter, but with the state of a person’s mind. A factor
which is considered to be critical in one case may not be so in another.

25 I had borne these principles in mind as I assessed the accused’s evidence
against the evidence of the witnesses and the objective evidence.

Finding of fact

26 After considering the evidence of both sides, I found that the accused had
not rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA on a balance of
probabilities. My reasons are as follows.

Veracity of the accused’s account

27 The account put forth by the Defence was essentially that the accused
believed that the packets contained “sex medicine” or “aphrodisiac” or
“sapdhe” instead of heroin or diamorphine. I did not accept this account
because it did not cohere with the statements that the accused himself gave
from between the time he was arrested to the time of trial.

28 As the Prosecution noted, the accused was given multiple opportunities to
raise his defence: he could do so when he was first arrested by PW11, when his
contemporaneous statement was recorded by PW16 and PW13, and when his s 23 CPC
statement and seven s 22 CPC statements were recorded by PW23. If the accused
had truly believed that the packets contained sex medicine from the beginning,
he would have mentioned it at the first chance possible and then continued to
raise it at every opportunity. But in the case of the accused, he did not
raise it before PW11, PW16, or PW13. And in the eight statements recorded by
PW23, the only instance where the accused even mentioned “sapdhe” was in his s
22 CPC statement on 9 September 2014 from 10.40am to 1.37pm (see above at
[10]). It was not mentioned before or after. And even when it was mentioned in
the aforementioned statement, the accused’s account was not that he thought it
was sex medicine, but rather that he knew it was “sapdhe” although he did not
know what was meant by “sapdhe”, and that it contained “brownish coloured
stuff”. If he had believed that the packets contained sex medicine, he would
have been expected to raise it at this time.

29 I also found that this was inconsistent with the other indications that the
accused gave in his statements. The accused first stated in his s 23 CPC
statement that “I really do not know what is the thing that they put on my
bike.” This by itself already contradicted his case at trial that he believed
the packets contained sex medicine. And in the accused’s first s 22 CPC
statement (see [10] above), he noted that Anand stated that “this thing is not
play play and can kill people” and that it was “worth thousands of dollars”.
This was consistent with the accused stating that he “knew it was over for
[him]” when he was arrested at Woodlands Checkpoint and he asked the officers
to “give him a chance” and let him return to Malaysia. This was also
consistent with his statement that “[a]fter [he] was arrested… [he] knew that
[he] was going to die and did not know what to do”. If the accused held the
view that the packets contained sex medicine, it would be incongruent for him
to hold this view at the time that he was arrested.

30 In coming to this view I had taken into account the Defence’s submissions
that the contemporaneous statement was made in an irregular manner. The
Defence submitted that this meant that the accused’s position (namely, that he
believed the packets to contain sex medicine) was not recorded by PW16 or
PW13, and that PW16 merely insisted that the packets contained heroin. This
was corroborated in part by PW17’s evidence under cross-examination. When PW17
was asked how he believed that the packets contained heroin, he replied that
“it could be either informed by [PW13] or [PW16]” and that he heard this
“[a]fter they [ie, PW13 and PW16] went out of the interview room”. That was
why he recorded on P57 that the packets were believed to contain heroin. The
Prosecution sought to explain PW17’s evidence in that “after” he left the
interview room could refer to any time after the contemporaneous statement was
taken, including after the HSA report had come in. I do not think PW17’s
evidence should be viewed in this manner. PW17 was not a lawyer and it was
likely that his statement that he heard this after PW13 and PW16 exited the
interview room referred to shortly after they left the room, and the Defence
was entitled to take it as such. In any case the Prosecution was also entitled
to clarify PW17’s evidence in re-examination but chose not to do so, and must
now live by what PW17 said in cross-examination.

31 For the above reasons, I did not take into account the Prosecution’s
submissions on whether the accused had said that the packets contained
aphrodisiac during the taking of the contemporaneous statement. But even
disregarding this statement, as I noted at [28] above, there were sufficient
opportunities – eight subsequent statements – where the accused could have
raised this defence, and where he indeed made mention of “sapdhe” and
“brownish coloured stuff”, but did not. The Defence submitted that these
statements were also tainted by irregularities in the same way that the
contemporaneous statement was. I did not accept this submission because there
was no evidence to show that this was anything more than a mere assertion. It
was also illogical that PW23 would choose to record some evidence that was
favourable to the accused (ie, that he believed that it was “sapdhe” but did
not know what “sapdhe” was and that he saw “brownish coloured stuff”) but not
others (ie, that he thought it was sex medicine or aphrodisiac).

32 Apart from the incongruity as to why the accused would not mention his
belief that formed the lynchpin of his defence at trial, I also found that his
story of what happened leading up to his arrest to be inconsistent. The
accused’s version of events was essentially that he had been misled or duped
by Anand into importing heroin, and that this was despite the fact that he had
asked Anand about the contents of the package and had himself looked at the
package. If this version of events were true, then it is difficult to
understand why Anand would get the accused so drunk and high on “Ice” the
night before to risk Anand’s own enterprise of importing drugs into Singapore.
The accused could also provide no cogent explanation about why his story
changed relating to who had brought him home on 2 September 2014 – whether it
was Taya alone or whether Taya was accompanied by an unknown third party.
Further, the fact that the drugs which, according to the accused, Anand said
were “worth thousands of dollars” would be hidden in a drain open to the
public for at least one night when there was a risk that they would go
missing.

33 In relation to Anand, the Defence also contended that it was reasonable for
the accused to have relied on Anand’s assurances that the packets contained
sex medicine and relied on Harven where the court found that it was also
reasonable for the accused there to rely on the statements of someone he only
knew for three weeks. The Prosecution sought to distinguish Harven on the
basis that in that case it was the accused’s first time transporting the
drugs, he did not profit from the transaction, and that the accused had handed
over the bag containing the drugs immediately, as opposed to the present case,
where the accused had to be strip searched. I do not think that Harven
assisted the Defence because in that case the length of time that the accused
knew the dealer was only one of the many factors that the court considered in
evaluating whether his testimony was believable.

34 The Defence’s case was essentially that PW11, PW13, PW16, and PW23 – in
short, all the officers that came into contact with the accused – were in a
conspiracy to procure false statements from the accused. I found no evidence
to support such a claim. For these reasons I found that the totality of the
accused’s account whether about the events leading up to his arrest or the
events after, were mired with unexplained inconsistencies. His evidence was
simply unbelievable, and was certainly not sufficient to rebut the presumption
of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA.

Demeanour and credibility

35 I also did not find the accused to be a credible witness. I did not accept
the Defence’s submission that the accused had been candid and forthright. On
the contrary, the accused’s conduct in the recording of the various statements
showed that he was shrewd enough to withhold information when he thought it
would not benefit him, and only revealed them when he thought that there was
an advantage to be gained. The accused initially unequivocally stated that he
did not know who passed him the packets during his contemporaneous statement,
and only later mentioned that Anand was involved in his s 22 CPC statement on
9 September 2014 from 10.40am to 1.37pm (see above at [10]).

36 Yet even in that very statement where he purported to give more information
to the police, he not only withheld the fact that there were multiple previous
occasions where he had imported packets for Anand, but in fact made a
statement to the contrary: that this was the “first time” that he made this
“mistake”. Although the Defence sought to impress upon me that this was the
“first time” in the sense that he previously did not import granular
substances, the explanation seemed contrived. Indeed this was contradicted on
its face by his later statement the next day (see [11] above) that he did not
reveal these past instances because he was “afraid it would affect [his]
case”, not because he did not think that the instances were comparable.

37 This was consistent with his demeanour at trial. The accused’s evidence was
inconsistent in many parts and he could not give a cogent explanation for
these inconsistencies. While he attempted to give explanations for some of the
inconsistencies, these were merely assertions and mostly centred on trying to
push the blame to the recording officers. Although the accused admitted that
he had previously delivered similar packets into Singapore for Anand, I have
to take this against the fact that he had only raised it in his statements
when he had essentially no choice and was looking for a way out. The accused’s
evidence was also self-serving such as in the fact that he attempted to
portray himself as having transported the packets for Anand because the latter
was going through financial difficulties, while in his previous statements the
accused had stated that he himself needed money to pay off his debts. I found
that the accused was not a truthful witness and instead, his defences seemed
to be afterthoughts quickly adapted to the situations around him.

Conclusion

38 For the above reasons, I found that the accused has not rebutted the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA on a balance of
probabilities. I therefore found him guilty of the charge against him. On the
evidence before me, I found that his involvement fell within s 33B(2)(a)(i) of
the MDA. However, the Prosecution informed me that it has considered the
relevant facts under s 33B of the MDA and determined that the accused has not
rendered substantive assistance. As there is no certificate of substantial
assistance from the Public Prosecutor under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA, I passed
the mandatory death sentence on the accused.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Chua Seng Leng Terence and Nicholas Wuan Kin Lek (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the Public Prosecutor;  
Edmond Pereira, Vickie Tan Lin Yin (Edmond Pereira Law Corporation), and
Terence Tan (Robertson Chambers LLC) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

