Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 282

Suit No 534 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal Nos 48–52 and 85 of 2017)  

Between

EBONY RITZ SDN BHD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

SUMATEC RESOURCES BERHAD  
---  
  
… Defendant

  

SUMATEC RESOURCES BERHAD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff-in-Counterclaim

And

EBONY RITZ SDN BHD  
---  
  
… Defendant-in-Counterclaim

Judgment

[Civil Procedure] — [Summary judgment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Amendment]

[Civil Procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking Out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ebony Ritz Sdn Bhd

  
v

  

Sumatec Resources Bhd

[2017] SGHC 282

High Court — Suit No 534 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 48–52 and 85 of
2017)  
George Wei J  
20 April 2017

9 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff commenced the suit underlying these appeals, Suit No 534 of
2016, for sums due and owing under two separate contracts (the Option and
Financial Representation Agreement (“OFRA”) and the “Guarantee”). The
defendant’s defence is essentially that the plaintiff has compromised its
claims and/or that it is estopped from bringing these claims because of its
own conduct and the conduct of one of its shareholder companies.

2 Following an application by the plaintiff for summary judgment and to strike
out the defence, the defendant sought to introduce substantial amendments to
its defence. The learned AR Teo Guan Kee (“the AR”) allowed most of these
amendments. He then granted the defendant conditional leave to defend the
claim under the OFRA, and unconditional leave to defend the claim under the
Guarantee.

3 The parties brought the present set of appeals and cross-appeals against the
AR’s decision. In total, there are six Registrar’s Appeals before me. The
appeals involve several agreements and a complicated web of closely related
issues concerning summary judgment, striking out of the defence, amendments,
failure to provide security required in respect of conditional leave to
defend, extraction of judgment and stay of execution. It will thus be helpful
to set out the background in some detail.

Facts

Dramatis personae

4 The defendant is Sumatec Resources Berhad (“Sumatec”), a Malaysia-
incorporated company engaged in the business of upstream oil operations. The
defendant is listed on the main board of the Malaysian Exchange.

5 The plaintiff is Ebony Ritz Sdn Bhd (“Ebony Ritz”), a Malaysia-incorporated
company set up as a joint venture vehicle between Hoe Leong Corporation Ltd
(“Hoe Leong”) as 80% shareholder and Auspicious Journey Sdn Bhd (“Auspicious
Journey”) as 20% shareholder. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of claim, paras 2–5.

Hoe Leong is listed on the main board of the Singapore Exchange. Auspicious
Journey is a subsidiary of another Malaysian company, Grand Columbia Holdings
Sdn Bhd. Auspicious Journey is neither a subsidiary nor an affiliate of Hoe
Leong. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para
[68(b)].

6 Ebony Ritz was established to acquire a 49% interest in a tanker chartering
business which was owned by Sumatec. The tanker chartering business was held
through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Semua International Sdn Bhd (“SISB”) and
four other subsidiaries which owned and managed Sumatec’s fleet of oil and
chemical tankers. SISB and the four subsidiaries will hereinafter be referred
to collectively as “the Semua Group”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of claim, para 6.

7 Mr Kuah Geok Lin (“James Kuah”) and his brother, Mr Kuah Geok Khim (“Paul
Kuah”), are both directors of both Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz. James Kuah is
also the chief executive officer (“CEO”) of Hoe Leong and the Managing
Director of Ebony Ritz.

Ebony Ritz’s acquisition of SISB under the 2010 SPA

8 Ebony Ritz’s acquisition of Sumatec’s tanker chartering business was
effected through a Sale and Purchase Agreement entered into by Ebony Ritz and
Sumatec on 5 May 2010 (“the 2010 SPA”). Pursuant to the 2010 SPA, Ebony Ritz
purchased from Sumatec 49% of the issued and paid-up share capital of SISB
(including the four subsidiaries, which would be transferred by Sumatec to
SISB) for RM 44,100,000. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of claim, para 7.

9 By way of cl 5.1 of the 2010 SPA, Sumatec guaranteed to Ebony Ritz that the
audited consolidated profit after taxation (“PAT”) of the Semua Group as
stated in the consolidated audited accounts would be no less than:

(a) RM 25,000,000 in respect of the financial year ending 31 December 2010
(“FY2010”); and

(b) RM 31,000,0000 in respect of the financial year ending 31 December 2011
(“FY2011”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of claim, para 8; 1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016,
p 90

10 This guarantee in cl 5.1 of the 2010 SPA shall be referred to as the
Financial Representation. The consequences of any “shortfall” in the PAT for
FY2010 and FY2011 were provided for in the other portions of cl 5.
Specifically, cl 5.2 provided that if the audited consolidated PAT was less
than the guaranteed amount, adjustments to reflect any shortfall “shall be
made in accordance with the [OFRA]”. Clause 5.3 went on to provide that a
breach or non-fulfilment of the Financial Representation would not constitute
a breach of the 2010 SPA. Instead, any non-fulfilment was to be satisfied in
accordance with the OFRA.

The OFRA

11 The OFRA was a separate agreement, also dated 5 May 2010, between Ebony
Ritz, Sumatec and Auspicious Journey. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of claim, para 9.

Essentially, the OFRA set out a contractual mechanism by which the shortfall
in the PAT would be made good to Ebony Ritz. The material provisions of the
OFRA are summarised as follows:

(a) Under cl 3.1 of the OFRA, Sumatec agreed to pay and make good to Ebony
Ritz any shortfall in the audited PAT of the Semua Group for FY2010 and/or
FY2011 in accordance with a specified formula.

(b) Under cl 3.3 of the OFRA, Ebony Ritz was entitled to elect to have the
Financial Shortfall satisfied by three different methods:

(i) By Sumatec’s issuance of new Sumatec shares to Ebony Ritz;

(ii) By Ebony Ritz’s exercise of a “Priority Call Option”. Specifically, under
cl 3.6 of the OFRA, Sumatec granted Ebony Ritz options to require Sumatec to
transfer and sell to Ebony Ritz its shares in SISB (“the Priority Call Option
Shares”); or

(iii) By a combination of the first and second methods.

12 Clause 10 of the OFRA sets out warranties and undertakings from Sumatec in
respect of the Priority Call Option Shares. These included warranties that: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 42.

(a) Sumatec is the legal and beneficial owner of all the Priority Call Option
Shares (cl 10.1(a));

(b) The Priority Call Option Shares represent 51% of the issued and paid-up
share capital of SISB (cl 10.1(b));

(c) Sumatec is entitled to sell and transfer or procure the sale and transfer
of all the Priority Call Option shares to Ebony Ritz and/or its nominee(s)
free from all encumbrances, and no other person has or shall have any rights
of pre-emption over the Priority Call Option shares (cl 10.1(d)).

13 The OFRA, while clearly related to SPA 2010, is a separate agreement
between Ebony Ritz, Auspicious Journey and Sumatec. As is made clear by
paragraph (F) of the recitals, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 26.

the purpose of the OFRA was to set out the terms and conditions on which
adjustments would be made in the event of any non-fulfilment of the Financial
Representation found within the 2010 SPA. It is not surprising that Clause 10
included the warranty that Sumatec was entitled to sell, transfer or procure
the sale and transfer of the Priority Call Option shares free from all
encumbrances. After all, the obligation was on Sumatec to pay or make good the
shortfall under 2010 SPA.

14 It should also be noted that cl 19 of the OFRA provided as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 46.

19\. Remedies and waivers

No failure on the part of either Party to exercise, and no delay on its part
in exercising, any right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a
waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right or remedy. The rights provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

[emphasis added]

15 I shall return to the terms of the OFRA below. It should be noted that Hoe
Leong, the majority shareholder of Ebony Ritz, is not a party to the OFRA or
to the 2010 SPA.

16 The audited PAT of the Semua Group for FY2011 was RM 14,189,321. This fell
short of the guaranteed amount of RM 31m under the Financial Representation.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 21.

It is not in dispute that under cl 3.1 of the OFRA, Sumatec became liable to
make good to Ebony Ritz a sum of RM 27,017,162.68. (“the Financial Shortfall
for FY2011”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 22.

17 On or around 4 September 2012, Ebony Ritz exercised the Priority Call
Option and served on Sumatec a notice to have the Financial Shortfall for
FY2011 satisfied by transferring and selling to Ebony Ritz such number of
shares held by Sumatec in SISB with an aggregate value equivalent to the
Financial Shortfall within five business days. However, Sumatec did not
transfer shares in SISB to Ebony Ritz in accordance with the Priority Call
Option. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Statement of claim, paras 15–16.

Sumatec also did not pay or make good to Ebony Ritz the Financial Shortfall
for FY2011 in any other manner. It follows that Sumatec was now in breach of
its obligations under OFRA.

The 2012 SPA

18 Following Sumatec’s failure to satisfy the Financial Shortfall for FY2011,
Ebony Ritz, Sumatec, Hoe Leong and a Malaysia-incorporated company called
Setinggi Holdings Limited (“Setinggi”) entered into another Sale and Purchase
Agreement dated 21 December 2012 (“the 2012 SPA”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 25.

Evidently, the parties to the 2012 SPA are not the same as the parties to the
2010 SPA and the OFRA.

19 The recitals to the 2012 SPA provided, inter alia, as follows:

(a) Paragraph (D) expressly refers to the OFRA and Ebony Ritz’s exercise of
the Priority Call Option. It acknowledges that Sumatec “[had] yet to take any
steps to transfer … the Priority Call Option Shares (as defined herein) to
[Ebony Ritz]”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 361.

(b) Paragraph (E) goes on to refer to discussions between Hoe Leong, Ebony
Ritz, Setinggi and Sumatec and the Trustee (on behalf of the CLO Bondholders)
for the transfer of the Priority Option Call Shares to Ebony Ritz under the
OFRA.

(c) Paragraph (F) states that Sumatec agreed to sell to Hoe Leong and Setinggi
“the Sale Shares” (as defined in the paragraph below), and that Ebony Ritz
agreed to release and discharge Sumatec from the accrued claims under the
OFRA, subject to the terms of the 2012 SPA.

20 Under the 2012 SPA, Ebony Ritz and Sumatec agreed that Sumatec would sell
its remaining 51% interest in SISB to Hoe Leong and Setinggi (“the Sale
Shares”). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 362.

Under cl 3.1, the sale was divided into two tranches: 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 27.

(a) There was to be a first completion (“1st Completion”) whereby Sumatec
would sell to Hoe Leong 2% of its interest in SISB (“the 1st Tranche Sale
Shares”) for RM 1.8m.

(b) There was to be a second completion (“2nd Completion”), whereby Sumatec
would sell to Setinggi 49% of its interest in SISB (“the 2nd Tranche Sale
Shares”) for RM 17m.

21 Clauses 4, 5, 6 and Schedule 3 of the 2012 SPA set out the conditions which
had to be fulfilled before the 1st Completion and the 2nd Completion could
take place. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 20.

By way of background, the Sale Shares were encumbered by a charge which had
been created by Sumatec in favour of Malaysian Trustees Berhad (“the Trustee”)
on behalf of several entities (“the CLO Bondholders”) to secure facility
agreements entered into between Sumatec and various banks in 2004, 2005, and
2007. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), para 28.

Paragraphs 1 and 7 of Schedule 3 of the 2012 SPA thus provided that the 1st
and 2nd Completions would be conditional upon: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), para 29.

(a) The receipt by Hoe Leong and Setinggi from Sumatec of evidence of consent
from the CLO Bondholders to the sale and transfer of the Sale Shares (ie, both
the 1st and 2nd Tranche Sale Shares); and

(b) The receipt by Hoe Leong and Setinggi of written evidence of the Trustee
(on behalf of the CLO Bondholders) agreeing to release and discharge the
charge over the 2nd Tranche Sale Shares.

22 Subject to the execution of the 1st and 2nd Completions, as well as the
abovementioned terms and conditions, the 2012 SPA provided that Ebony Ritz
would release and discharge Sumatec from Ebony Ritz’s accrued claims under the
OFRA, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 26.

which, it will be recalled, was concerned with the consequences of any non-
fulfilment of the Financial Representation as defined in the 2010 SPA.

23 Clause 7 of the 2012 SPA originally provided as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 371.

7\. Waiver of Rights of [Ebony Ritz]

Subject to Clauses 5.5 and 6.4, [Ebony Ritz] hereby agrees that conditional on
both 1st Completion and 2nd Completion taking place (in accordance with this
Agreement) and upon both 1st Completion and 2nd Completion, it shall release
and discharge [Sumatec] from all liabilities, obligations, claims and demands
whatsoever and howsoever directly relating to or arising from, and waives all
right which it may have against [Sumatec] in respect of any accrued claims or
liabilities under the [OFRA] in relation to, [Ebony Ritz’s] exercise of the
Purchaser Call Option and the Priority Call Option.

24 The 2012 SPA was subsequently supplemented by means of an Addendum
(“Addendum No 1”) dated 7 February 2013, which provided that, subject to
certain conditions, Ebony Ritz would release and discharge Sumatec from its
accrued claims under the OFRA. The clause set out as follows: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 22.

Save for the compensation for the profit shortfall in the form of 61,656,000
Sumatec Resources Berhad Special Issue Shares valued at RM10.8 Million which
[Ebony Ritz] hereby agrees to transfer its right to the CLO Bondholders as
part of the global debt settlement with the CLO Bondholders and subject to
clauses 5.5 and 6.4, [Ebony Ritz] hereby agrees that, conditional on both 1st
Completion and 2nd Completion taking place (in accordance with this Agreement)
and upon both 1st Completion and 2nd Completion, it shall release and
discharge [Sumatec] from all liabilities, obligations, claims and demands
whatsoever and howsoever directly relating to or arising from, and waives all
rights which it may have against [Sumatec] in respect of any accrued claims or
liabilities under the [OFRA] in relation to [Ebony Ritz’s] exercise of the
Purchaser Call Option and the Priority Call Option.

25 Clause 3.2 of the 2012 SPA also provided for a “HL Guarantee” by which Hoe
Leong guaranteed to the Trustee (on behalf of the CLO Bondholders) the due and
punctual payment by Ebony Ritz to the Trustee of the consideration for the 2nd
Tranche Sale Shares. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 368.

The HL Guarantee was, however, conditional upon both 1st and 2nd Completions
taking place and only took effect from the date of the 2nd Completion.

26 I also note that cl 3.6 of the 2012 SPA provided as follows: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, pp 368–369.

On 1st Completion or three (3) months after the date of this Agreement,
whichever is later, [Setingi] and [Hoe Leong] shall use all reasonable
endeavours to procure a discharge of all those corporate guarantees issued by
[Sumatec] in respect of loan and other facilities granted to the Semua Group
by its relevant lenders (“Sumatec Guarantees”). In the event that [Setingi]
and/or [Hoe Leong] fails to procure the discharge of the Sumatec Guarantees
under this Clause 3.6, [Setingi] and/or [Ebony Ritz] agrees to jointly and
severally indemnify and keep [Sumatec] indemnified and harmless against any
and all claims, demands, suit made against Sumatec in respect of the Sumatec
guarantees.

The Guarantee

27 Ebony Ritz and SISB also entered into a separate Loan Agreement on 5 May
2010, under which Ebony Ritz agreed to loan SISB a total of RM 10m for the
purpose of financing the working capital requirements of the tanker chartering
business of the Semua Group.

28 In connection with this Loan Agreement, Ebony Ritz and Sumatec entered into
a guarantee (also dated 5 May 2010) (“the Guarantee”). Under cl 2 of the
Guarantee, Sumatec guaranteed punctual performance by SISB of all of SISB’s
obligations under the Loan Agreement. Specifically, by cl 2.1(b) of the
Guarantee, Sumatec undertook that whenever SISB did not pay any amount due
under the Loan Agreement, Sumatec would immediately on demand pay that amount
to Ebony Ritz as if it were the principal obligor. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of claim, para 17; 1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July
2016, p 63.

29 The Loan Agreement and the Guarantee were entered into at the same time as
the 2010 SPA whereby Ebony Ritz acquired 49% of SISB. It is apparent that SISB
was in need of financial support for its working capital at that time.

30 Between 30 September 2010 and 23 March 2011, Ebony Ritz advanced to SISB
eight loans totalling RM 10m under the Loan Agreement. Clause 6 of the Loan
Agreement provided that SISB was to repay each of these loans on a specified
repayment date. In the event, SISB failed to repay Ebony Ritz the Loans. On 18
April 2016, Ebony Ritz called on the Guarantee and demanded that Sumatec
immediately repay RM 10m within 14 days. Sumatec did not comply with this
demand. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of claim, paras 18–23.

The CLO Agreement

31 It will be recalled that the 2012 SPA was signed in December 2012 and
amended in February 2013. Thereafter on 28 May 2013, Sumatec, Hoe Leong,
Setinggi, SISB and the CLO Bondholders entered into another agreement called
the “CLO Agreement”. It should be noted that the parties to the CLO Agreement
were different from the parties to the 2012 SPA.

32 The Defendant describes the CLO Agreement as “mimicking” the 1st Completion
and the 2nd Completion envisioned under the 2012 SPA (see [20] above). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 38.

Clauses 2.2.2(a) and 2.3 of the CLO Agreement provided (in similar fashion)
that Sumatec was to sell the Sale Shares to Hoe Leong and Setinggi or Hoe
Leong’s nominee for RM 18,800,000 in two tranches: 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, pp 425–426.

(a) First, 2% of the shares were to be transferred from Sumatec to Hoe Leong
and then to Ebony Ritz;

(b) Secondly, 49% of the shares were to be transferred from Sumatec to
Setinggi.

33 The CLO Agreement also provided certain terms under which the CLO
Bondholders would provide their consent for Sumatec to transfer the Sale
Shares to Hoe Leong and Setinggi. One of these terms was that, pursuant to
Clauses 2.2.2(b) and (c) of the CLO Agreement, SISB was to make payment of two
tranches of dividends to the Trustee as follows: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 44; 1st
Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 425.

(a) RM 5.2m (“the 1st Tranche Dividends”) was to be paid to the Trustee within
7 days of the signing of the CLO Agreement;

(b) RM 6.9m (“the 2nd Tranche Dividends”) was to be paid to the Trustee on 30
September 2013.

The transfer of the 1st Tranche Sale Shares

34 On or around 12 April 2013, Hoe Leong paid consideration for the 1st
Tranche Sale Shares into bank accounts designated by the Trustee. The 1st
Tranche Sale Shares were then transferred to Hoe Leong on or around 19 July
2013. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 45–48;
Reply (Amendment No 1), para 38(b).

Thereafter, the shareholding in SISB was held in the following manner: Sumatec
held 49%, Hoe Leong held 2% and Ebony Ritz held 49%.

35 Sumatec takes the position that by virtue of the above, the 1st Completion
occurred on 30 May 2013. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 35.

Ebony Ritz, on the other hand, argues that the 1st Completion did not take
place in accordance with the terms of the 2012 SPA. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), paras 26–33 and 38(d).

Events subsequent to the transfer of the 1st Tranche Sale Shares

36 In breach of Clause 2.2.2(c) of the CLO Agreement, SISB did not pay the 2nd
Tranche Dividends to the Trustee on 30 September 2013. On 2 October 2013,
James Kuah wrote (under the letterhead of SISB) to Sumatec and the Trustee,
requesting an extension of time till 30 November 2013 to pay the 2nd Tranche
Dividends. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

1st Affidavit of Chan Yok Peng (5 August 2016), p 145.

37 On 6 November 2013, the Trustee received the sum of RM 610,704 from Hoe
Leong as partial payment of the 2nd Tranche Dividends. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), para 48.

This meant that RM 6,289,296 remained outstanding. Despite granting SISB a
second extension of time to 30 December 2013, it seems that the Trustee was
never paid the outstanding amount.

38 It is not in dispute that the Trustee and/or the CLO Bondholders never
provided their consent for the 2nd Tranche Sale Shares to be transferred to
Setinggi. The 2nd Completion never took place.

39 On 5 April 2016, Ebony Ritz’s lawyers wrote to Sumatec demanding that
Sumatec pay to Ebony Ritz the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 (ie, the sum of
RM 27,017,162.68). But Sumatec did not do so. As earlier mentioned, Ebony Ritz
issued a further demand to Sumatec on 18 April 2016 for RM 10m, being the
amount due under the Guarantee (see [30] above). Sumatec also did not pay this
sum to Ebony Ritz.

Suit 534 of 2016

Ebony Ritz’s claim

40 The suit underlying these appeals, Suit 534 of 2016, was commenced by Ebony
Ritz on 24 May 2016. Ebony Ritz claims the following sums:

(a) RM 27,017,162.68 as the amount due to it under the OFRA (see [11]–[17]
above) (“the OFRA claim”); and

(b) RM 10m as the amount due to it under the Guarantee (see [28]–[30] above)
(“the Guarantee claim”).

Sumatec’s defence and counterclaim

41 Sumatec filed its defence and counterclaim on 15 June 2016 (“the Initial
Defence”), wherein it averred that:

(a) Ebony Ritz, Hoe Leong, Setinggi, the Defendant, and various other entities
had entered into the CLO Agreement. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defence dated 15 June 2016 at para 10(f).

(b) After the transfer of the 1st Tranche Sale Shares, Hoe Leong owned and
controlled 51% of SISB “directly and through [Ebony Ritz]”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence dated 15 June 2016 at para 10(h).

(c) SISB had failed to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the Trustee in
accordance with the CLO Agreement, and the Trustee did not provide its consent
for the 2nd Completion. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence dated 15 June 2016 at para 10(i).

(d) Sumatec had thus been “prevented from carrying out its obligations in
relation to the 2nd Completion and therefore the 2012 SPA as a result of
[Ebony Ritz] and its holding company’s actions”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence dated 15 June 2016 at para 10(j).

42 Although this was not explicitly stated in the Initial Defence, the
aforementioned “actions” by “Ebony Ritz and its holding company” appear to
refer to the fact that Ebony Ritz and Hoe Leong had failed to procure SISB to
pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the Trustee. On this basis, Sumatec denied
that it was liable in respect of the OFRA claim.

43 With respect to the Guarantee claim, the Initial Defence simply highlighted
cl 3.6 of the 2012 SPA. Although this was not explicitly stated in the Initial
Defence, Sumatec’s position is that the guarantee which is the subject matter
of the Guarantee Claim is one of the guarantees in respect of which Ebony Ritz
is required to indemnify and hold Sumatec harmless under cl 3.6 of the 2012
SPA. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1st Affidavit of Chan Yok Peng (5 August 2016), para 63.

This also forms the basis of Sumatec’s counterclaim against Ebony Ritz.

Procedural history

Ebony Ritz’s Striking Out and Summary Judgment Applications

44 On 21 July 2016, Ebony Ritz filed Summons Nos 3547 and 3548 of 2016.
Summons 3547 (“the Striking Out Application”) was an application to strike out
Sumatec’s defence under O 18 r 19 of Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) and for judgment to be entered against Sumatec. Ebony Ritz
purported to rely on all four limbs of O 18 r 19 – ie, that the defence
disclosed no reasonable defence; was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious; may
prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action and/or was
otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court. In the alternative, Ebony Ritz
also filed Summons 3548 (“the Summary Judgment Application”) seeking summary
judgment against Sumatec under O 14 of the Rules.

45 In support of the above applications, James Kuah deposed an Affidavit in
which he opined that Sumatec’s defence was unsustainable on the ground that
“the only parties to the [CLO Agreement] are the CLO Bondholders, the Trustee,
Sumatec, Hoe Leong, Setinggi and SISB. Ebony Ritz is not a party to the said
Agreement”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, paras 30–32.

Sumatec’s Amendment Application

46 About four months after Ebony Ritz had filed the Striking Out and Summary
Judgment Applications, Sumatec filed Summons No 5450 of 2016 (“the Amendment
Application”) on 9 November 2016. This was an application for leave to amend
its Initial Defence in the manner set out in a draft annexed to the summons
(“Annex A”). By these amendments, Sumatec sought to introduce the following
arguments:

(a) The corporate veil of Ebony Ritz should be lifted as Hoe Leong was the
alter ego of Ebony Ritz. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), paras 6–8.

Alternatively, Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz were agents and/or representatives of
each other and all statements and/or representations made by Hoe Leong and/or
Ebony Ritz to Sumatec were made by them as agents or representatives on behalf
of each other. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), paras 9–10.

(b) While Ebony Ritz is not a party to the CLO Agreement, Ebony Ritz has
obligations under and is bound by the terms of the CLO Agreement. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), para 26.

The CLO Agreement should be read together with the 2012 SPA. Their combined
effect was to release and discharge Sumatec from Ebony Ritz’s claims under the
OFRA. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), para 25.

(c) Ebony Ritz and Hoe Leong were the appropriate parties to procure SISB’s
payment of the 2nd Tranche Dividends, and are responsible for SISB’s failure
to do so. Sumatec has been prevented from carrying out its obligations in
relation to the 2nd Completion under the 2012 SPA as a result of this. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), paras 42–46, 50.

Thus, Ebony Ritz is estopped from stating that the 1st and 2nd Completions did
not take place in accordance with the 2012 SPA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), paras 36 and 52.

(d) With respect to Ebony Ritz’s claim for RM 27,017,168.88 under the OFRA,
Ebony Ritz is not entitled to be paid in cash because the manner in which
Ebony Ritz is entitled to have the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 satisfied is
prescribed in cl 3 of the OFRA. Under cl 3, Ebony Ritz was only entitled to
have the shortfall satisfied in three ways: (i) Sumatec’s issuance of new
Sumatec shares to Ebony Ritz; (ii) Ebony Ritz’s exercise of certain priority
call options in respect of shares held by Sumatec in SISB, granted by Sumatec
to Ebony Ritz; or (iii) any combination of the first two options. Ebony Ritz
had exercised a Priority Call Option on 4 September 2012 (see [17] above) and
is estopped from claiming compensation in the form of cash. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Annex A to Summons 5450, paras 15(a)–(c).

(e) Ebony Ritz is not entitled to be paid the full sum of RM 27,017,168.68
allegedly owed by Sumatec under the OFRA because Sumatec has already
transferred 2% of the shares in SISB to Hoe Leong. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defence and counterclaim (amendment no. 1), para 38.

The AR’s orders

47 The AR heard arguments from the parties in respect of the Striking Out,
Summary Judgment, and Amendment Applications on 28 November 2016. He then
reserved judgment, and eventually made the following orders on 8 February
2017:

(a) Sumatec’s Amendment Application was allowed in part. Sumatec was given
leave to amend its Initial Defence in the manner set out in Annex A, save that
it was not permitted to make the proposed amendments to paragraph 15 of the
amended defence. These were the amendments pertaining to Sumatec’s argument
that Ebony Ritz was precluded from claiming for RM 27,017,168.88 in cash under
cl 3 of the OFRA (see [46(d)] above) (“the Paragraph 15 amendments”).

(b) With regard to Ebony Ritz’s Summary Judgment Application, Sumatec was
given unconditional leave to defend the Guarantee claim. Sumatec was also
given conditional leave to defend the OFRA claim. The condition imposed was
that Sumatec was to provide RM 27,017,162.68 (ie, the entire sum claimed under
the OFRA, hereinafter, “the Security”) in security to Ebony Ritz by 5pm on 8
March 2017, failing which judgment would be entered against Sumatec for this
sum (“the Conditional Leave Order”).

(c) Ebony Ritz’s Striking Out Application was dismissed, subject to the orders
made with respect to the Summary Judgment Application.

The various appeals

48 On 22 February 2017, Sumatec filed the following appeals:

(a) Registrar’s Appeal No 48 of 2017 (“Sumatec’s Amendment Appeal”): An appeal
against the AR’s decision in the Amendment Application not to allow the
Paragraph 15 amendments to the Initial Defence; and

(b) Registrar’s Appeal No 49 of 2017 (“Sumatec’s Summary Judgment Appeal”): An
appeal against the AR’s decision in the Summary Judgment Application giving
Sumatec leave to defend the OFRA claim conditional upon Sumatec’s provision of
RM 27,017,162.68 in security.

49 That same day, Ebony Ritz filed the following appeals:

(a) Registrar’s Appeal No 50 of 2017 (“Ebony Ritz’s Amendment Appeal”): An
appeal against the whole of the AR’s decision in the Amendment Application
(which was to allow most of Sumatec’s amendments to its defence, save for the
Paragraph 15 amendments);

(b) Registrar’s Appeal No 51 of 2017 (“Ebony Ritz’s Summary Judgment Appeal”):
An appeal against the whole of the AR’s decision in the Summary Judgment
Application (which was to grant Sumatec conditional leave to defend the OFRA
claim and conditional leave to defend the Guarantee claim); and

(c) Registrar’s Appeal No 52 of 2017 (“Ebony Ritz’s Striking Out Appeal”): An
appeal against the whole of the AR’s decision in the Striking Out Application
(which was to refuse to strike out Sumatec’s defence).

50 On 3 March 2017, Sumatec’s solicitors, M/s Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC, wrote
to Ebony Ritz’s solicitors, M/s WongPartnership LLP, proposing a stay of the
provision of the Security until the final disposition of the various appeals
which the parties had filed on 22 February 2017. Ebony Ritz’s solicitors
responded on 7 March 2017, stating that they were not agreeable to a stay. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017, para 12.

51 Sumatec did not provide the Security by the stipulated deadline of 5pm on 8
March 2017. Instead, on 8 March 2017, Sumatec filed Summons No 1066 of 2017
(“the Stay Application”), seeking a stay of the Conditional Leave Order
pending the disposal of the various Registrar’s Appeals filed by the parties.
That same day, Ebony Ritz sent a draft judgment (“the Draft Judgment”) to
Sumatec’s solicitors after 5pm on 8 March 2017. Sumatec’s solicitors did not
respond. On 14 March 2017, Ebony Ritz submitted the Draft Judgment to the
Court for approval. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 9.

52 The Stay Application was heard by the AR on 17 March 2017. The AR granted
Sumatec’s application for a stay of the Conditional Leave Order, and declined
to approve the Draft Judgment. He also ordered Ebony Ritz to pay Sumatec costs
of the application fixed at $2,400 (inclusive of disbursements). On 22 March
2017, Ebony Ritz filed Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017 (“Ebony Ritz’s Stay
Appeal”) against the AR’s decision in the Stay Application.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

Ebony Ritz’s submissions

53 In submissions before the AR for the Striking Out, Summary Judgment, and
Amendment Applications, Ebony Ritz mainly argued that the defence, even as
amended, lacked merits. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AR’s Minute Sheet for 8 February 2017, paras 2–5.

Similarly, for the present appeals, Ebony Ritz contends that Sumatec’s defence
is “unsustainable”, and that “the same outcome should follow – whether
pursuant to [its Amendment Appeal] … [Summary Judgment Appeal] … or [Striking
Out Appeal]”, namely, that Ebony Ritz should be entitled to judgment for the
OFRA Claim and the Guarantee Claim. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 15.

54 Indeed, while Ebony Ritz filed a separate appeal against the AR’s decision
to allow most of the amendments proposed by Sumatec, it has based its appeals
on the proposition that any amendment which would itself be liable to be
struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules will not be allowed
(Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Lee Kuan Yew [1990] 1 SLR(R) 337 at [4]). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 41.

Thus, Ebony Ritz’s case for its Amendment Appeal is the same as its case for
its Striking Out Appeal: ie, that the defence as amended discloses no
reasonable defence, or is frivolous or vexatious because it is plainly or
obviously unsustainable, and therefore the proposed amendments should be
disallowed and the defence should be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(a) or O 18
r 19(1)(b) of the Rules. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
42–45.

55 A similar argument also forms the core of Ebony Ritz’s case for its Summary
Judgment Appeal. In this regard, Ebony Ritz maintains that it has demonstrated
a prima facie case for summary judgment, and Sumatec has failed to show that
there is a fair or reasonable probability that it has a real or bona fide
defence. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 49.

56 With respect to the OFRA claim, Ebony Ritz maintains that Sumatec’s defence
“discloses no reasonable defence” or is “plainly or obviously unsustainable”,
and/or that Sumatec has failed to show a fair or reasonable probability that
it has a real or bona fide defence. Its arguments are as follows:

(a) Sumatec’s defence rests on lifting the corporate veil of Ebony Ritz.
However, this would be a “futile exercise” because Hoe Leong was the party
which entered into the CLO Agreement, and not Ebony Ritz. Lifting the
corporate veil of Ebony Ritz still would not make Ebony Ritz a party to the
CLO Agreement. There was also no plea that the corporate veil of Hoe Leong
should be lifted. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
53–54.

(b) In any event, the facts and particulars relied on by Sumatec do not
justify lifting the corporate veil. Although Hoe Leong is an 80% shareholder
in Ebony Ritz, even sole shareholding and control of a company do not warrant
piercing the corporate veil without more. The court would only pierce the
corporate veil where there had been some form of abuse. Sumatec has not
established the requisite level of control by Hoe Leong over Ebony Ritz, nor
is it able to show that there has been any element of impropriety or abuse
which would justify piercing the corporate veil. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
59–69.

(c) Sumatec’s argument that Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz are “agents and/or
representatives of each other” was “defective” because it was pleaded in
“impossibly wide terms” which did not allow Ebony Ritz to know the case that
it has to meet. This was “oppressive and embarrassing”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
71–76.

(d) Sumatec’s argument that it had been “prevented” from carrying out its
obligations in relation to the 2nd Completion as a result of “Hoe
Leong’s/[SISB’s]/Ebony Ritz’s breach of cl 2.2.2(c) of the CLO Agreement” is
untenable. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 77.

Notwithstanding SISB’s failure to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the
Trustee, Sumatec was obligated to, and could have, procured the CLO
Bondholder’s Consent for the 2nd Completion by other means. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 79.

Further, Sumatec has not shown how Ebony Ritz had “breached” the CLO
Agreement. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 80.

57 With regard to Sumatec’s Amendment Appeal, Ebony Ritz maintains that the AR
was right to have disallowed the Paragraph 15 amendments. It argues that its
entitlement to seek compensation for the Financial Shortfall for FY2011
accords with the plain meaning of cll 3.1 and 19 of the OFRA.

58 As regards the Guarantee Claim, Ebony Ritz argues that the AR erred in
granting Sumatec unconditional leave to defend because the guarantees which
Setinggi and/or Ebony Ritz agreed to indemnify and keep Sumatec harmless
against under cl 3.6 of the 2012 SPA do not encompass the Guarantee. In
support of this point, Ebony Ritz points to the wording of cl 3.6, as well as
cll 5.5, 6.4 and 9.1(f) of the 2012 SPA and certain correspondences and
negotiations between the parties leading up to the 2012 SPA. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
85–90.

59 Finally, in relation to its Stay Appeal, Ebony Ritz argues that it was
entitled to judgment for the OFRA claim against Sumatec from 5pm on 8 March
2017 because Sumatec failed to comply with the Conditional Leave Order. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
13–14.

Sumatec’s filing of a stay application did not operate as a stay of execution,
and further, by failing to respond to the Draft Judgment, Sumatec was deemed
to have consented to its terms under O 42 r 8(2) of the Rules. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras 11
and 14.

Ebony Ritz further cites Strandore Invest A/S and others v Soh Kim Wat [2010]
SGHC 174 for the proposition that an appellant must show special circumstances
before a Court will grant a stay. Although Sumatec claimed that having to pay
the Security would have caused it “grave financial stress” which would
“seriously impair [its] operations with immediate effect”, these claims were
raised belatedly, and were unsubstantiated by any evidence. Thus, Ebony Ritz
contends that there were no “special circumstances” justifying a stay, and the
AR should not have granted a stay of the Conditional Leave Order, or refused
to approve the Draft Judgment. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
36–40.

Sumatec’s submissions

60 Unsurprisingly, Sumatec argues that the AR was right to have allowed it to
amend its defence because the amendments disclose a “reasonable defence”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 71–78.

In response to Ebony Ritz’s argument that the proposed amendments were drafted
“vaguely, in the widest possible manner”, Sumatec highlights the principle
that it is only required to plead material facts, and not evidence, under O 18
r 7 of the Rules. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 69–72.

61 Sumatec further contends that the AR erred in disallowing the Paragraph 15
amendments because they disclose two defences. First, on a proper construction
of cl 3 of the OFRA, Ebony Ritz is not entitled to the cash sum of RM
27,017,162.68 under the OFRA. Second, having elected for the Financial
Shortfall for FY2011 to be satisfied by shares in 2012, Ebony Ritz is estopped
from claiming a cash sum in the OFRA claim. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 86.

I note that Sumatec’s submissions do not appear to address the effect of cl 19
OFRA.

62 With respect to its Summary Judgment Appeal, Sumatec argues that it has
demonstrated a bona fide defence to Ebony Ritz’s claims, and that its defence
raises numerous triable issues of fact and law. In particular:

(a) Whether or not the corporate veil of Ebony Ritz should be lifted and/or
whether Hoe Leong is the alter ego of Ebony Ritz and/or whether Hoe Leong and
Ebony Ritz were agents of each other depends on the intentions of Hoe Leong
and Ebony Ritz, which may only be ascertained at trial. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 101–106.

(b) In order to determine whether Ebony Ritz has obligations under the CLO
Agreement, cross-examination of the parties is necessary to ascertain what the
parties agreed or understood at the relevant time. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 108.

(c) The meaning of cl 3 of the OFRA is a triable issue and Ebony Ritz should
be made to adduce evidence to prove that it is entitled to have the Financial
Shortfall for FY2011 satisfied in kind. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 127.

(d) Since Sumatec has already transferred 2% of the shares in SISB to Hoe
Leong, the 1st Completion has occurred. Ebony Ritz cannot now choose an
“inconsistent path” and bring the OFRA Claim. Further, this would have an
impact on whether Ebony Ritz should be entitled to the full sum that it claims
for the Financial Shortfall for FY2011, which itself is a triable issue
unsuitable for summary determination. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 131.

The Court must also consider whether Ebony Ritz is “estopped” from bringing
its claim under the OFRA by virtue of Hoe Leong’s conduct in relation to the
1st Completion. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 140.

(e) Whether or not Ebony Ritz has compromised its claims under the OFRA and
the Guarantee by entering into the 2012 SPA and/or the CLO Agreement is a
question of “mixed law and fact”, the determination of which would require
ascertaining the parties’ intentions, the factual matrix and the parties’
post-contractual conduct. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 133.

63 I also note that in making submissions for the present appeals, Sumatec has
raised a new argument that it was an “implied term” of the 2012 SPA that Ebony
Ritz would not prevent Sumatec from carrying out the 2nd Completion. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 143–145.

This argument was not pleaded even in the amended defence.

64 With respect to Ebony Ritz’s Guarantee Claim, Sumatec argues that whether
or not it is entitled to an indemnity from Ebony Ritz in respect of the
Guarantee depends on the proper construction of cl 3.6 of the 2012 SPA, which
discloses a triable issue of law. Determining this issue would require the
court to scrutinize the evidence to ascertain the parties’ intentions. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 147–152.

65 Finally, with respect to Ebony Ritz’s Stay Appeal, Sumatec argues that the
AR was right to grant the stay. RM 27m is a large sum of money, and having
this amount “locked up and unavailable to Sumatec” would “cause grave
financial stress” on the company. Further, Sumatec argues that it would have
had great difficulty recovering the Security from Ebony Ritz, which has been
ordered to be wound up by the Malaysian High Court on 3 August 2016. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017, para 25.

Issues to be determined

66 As I have mentioned, the thrust of Ebony Ritz’s case for its Amendment
Appeal, Summary Judgment Appeal, and Striking Out Appeal is essentially the
same (see [54] above): ie, that the defence as amended discloses no reasonable
defence, or is plainly or obviously unsustainable, or that Sumatec has failed
to show a fair or reasonable probability that it has a real or bona fide
defence. The court in Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and another
and another suit [2009] 1 SLR(R) 177 at [13] recognised that “the alternative
application to strike out is really a mirror of the application for summary
judgment”, and there is often an overlap between the two applications to the
extent that a decision on one will often determine the outcome of the other.

67 It follows that the key question is whether Sumatec’s defence, as amended,
is so lacking in merit that Ebony Ritz should be entitled to judgment without
the matter proceeding to trial. This in turn may be broken down into the
following issues:

(a) Whether Ebony Ritz is entitled to judgment on the OFRA claim without the
matter proceeding to trial; and

(b) Whether Ebony Ritz is entitled to judgment on the Guarantee claim without
the matter proceeding to trial.

68 Of course, while there is an overlap between Ebony Ritz’s Summary Judgment
and Striking Out Applications, distinct legal tests apply to each of these
applications. The above issues will thus be discussed through the lens of the
applicable legal principles.

Applicable law

Summary judgment

69 The principles of law applicable to an application for summary judgment
under O 14 r 1 of the Rules are uncontroversial. The plaintiff seeking summary
judgment must first show that he has a prima facie case for summary judgment.
The burden then shifts to the defendant who must establish a fair or
reasonable probability that he has a real or bona fide defence in order to
resist summary judgment (M2B World Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko
[2015] 1 SLR 325 at [17]).

70 Under O 14 r 3 of the Rules, the defendant may also resist summary judgment
by establishing “that there is an issue or question in dispute which ought to
be tried” or “that there ought for some other reason to be a trial”. However,
since the Defendant has not sought to resist summary judgment on the basis
that “there ought for some other reason to be a trial”, I need not consider
this point (Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management & Consultancy
Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [47]).

71 It has been noted that in summary judgment proceedings, it is generally
inappropriate for the court to delve into points of construction that may take
hours or days. On the other hand, the O 14 procedure is appropriate if the
question of construction is short and depends on only a few documents
(Singapore Civil Procedure 2017, Vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2017) (“SCP”) at para 14/1/2, citing the decision of the English
Court of Appeal in Home and Overseas Insurance Co Ltd v Mentor Insurance Co
(UK) Ltd (in liquidation) [1990] 1 WLR 153).

72 In general, where a defendant shows that he has a fair case for a defence,
or reasonable grounds for setting up a defence, or even a fair probability
that has a bona fide defence, he ought to have leave to defend (Habibullah
Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880 at [21]). However, O 14 r 4
of the Rules gives the Court the power to impose such conditions as it thinks
fit on the defendant’s leave to defend. A condition will be imposed where the
defence is found to be shadowy, or where it appears to the court that a
defence may succeed but that it is improbable that it would (Wee Cheng Swee
Henry v Jo Baby Kartika Polim [2015] 4 SLR 250 at [81]–[82]).

Striking out

73 The principles relating to striking out of pleadings under O 18 r 19 of the
Rules are equally well-established. In general, the power to strike out a
pleading is only exercised in “plain and obvious” cases (Gabriel Peter &
Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649
(“Gabriel Peter & Partners”) at [18]). As for the four specific grounds which
may be relied on to strike out a pleading in O 18 r 19(1)(a)–O 18 r 19(1)(d)
of the Rules, I set out a summary of the principles behind each ground:

(a) Under O 18 r 19(1)(a), the court may strike out a pleading on the ground
that it discloses no reasonable defence. A reasonable defence is one that has
some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleadings are
considered (The “Tokai Maru” [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 at [44]).

(b) Under O 18 r 19(1)(b), the Court may strike out a pleading on the ground
that it is “frivolous or vexatious”. The words “frivolous or vexatious” have
been interpreted to refer to cases which are “obviously unsustainable or
wrong” (see Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat and another [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188
at [29], citing Afro-Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd v Haridass Ho & Partners and
another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [22]).

(c) Under O 18 r 19(1)(c), the Court may strike out a pleading on the basis
that “it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action”. This
may include pleadings which are unnecessary or which include improper or
irrelevant details (Tan Swee Wan and another v Lian Tian Yong Johnny [2016]
SGHC 206 at [39], citing Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Principles of Civil Procedure
(Academy Publishing, 2013) at para 9.008).

(d) Under O 18 r 19(1)(d), the Court may strike out a pleading on the basis
that “it is otherwise an abuse of process of the Court”. The phrase “abuse of
process” signifies that the process of the court must be used bona fide and
properly (Gabriel Peter & Partners at [22]).

Decision and reasons

Whether Ebony Ritz is entitled to judgment on the OFRA claim without the
matter proceeding to trial

74 Applying the legal test for summary judgment, I am satisfied that Ebony
Ritz has established its claim under the OFRA on a prima facie basis. It is
not disputed that the parties entered into the OFRA, that Sumatec
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed that the audited PAT of the Semua
Group for FY2011 would be RM 31m, that the audited PAT for FY2011 was RM
14,189,321.00, and that the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 calculated
according to cl 3.1 of the OFRA was RM 27,017,162.68. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 13.

Further, it is not in dispute that Sumatec breached the OFRA by failing to
transfer to Ebony Ritz the shares equivalent in value to the Financial
Shortfall for FY2011 pursuant to the Priority Call Option which Ebony Ritz
exercised on 4 September 2012. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 129.

75 The burden is thus on Sumatec to establish a fair or reasonable probability
that it had a real or bona fide defence. Sumatec’s defence as amended raises
several arguments to resist Ebony Ritz’s claim. I shall discuss whether
Sumatec has shown a “fair or reasonable probability that it has a real or bona
fide defence” by addressing each of the following arguments in turn: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 62.

(a) Ebony Ritz compromised its claims against Sumatec under the OFRA by
entering into the 2012 SPA and the CLO Agreement (“the Compromise defence”);

(b) Ebony Ritz is not entitled to a cash payment of the Financial Shortfall
for FY2011 under cl 3 of the OFRA (“the cl 3 OFRA defence”);

(c) Ebony Ritz is estopped from exercising its rights under the 2012 SPA
because it was an implied term of the 2012 SPA that Ebony Ritz would not
prevent Sumatec from carrying out the 2nd Completion, and Hoe Leong/Ebony Ritz
have brought about the situation where the 2nd Completion should not be
carried out (“the Estoppel defence”).

The Compromise defence

76 As mentioned, Sumatec does not dispute that it breached the OFRA by failing
to transfer to Ebony Ritz shares equivalent in value to the Financial
Shortfall for FY2011. However, Sumatec argues that when this breach occurred,
Ebony Ritz was faced with two options: it could either sue Sumatec for
damages, or enter a compromise agreement through which it would obtain shares
in SISB. By entering into the 2012 SPA, Ebony Ritz chose to pursue the latter
option and cannot now abandon this position. In support of this point, Sumatec
cites the decision of the High Court in The “Pacific Vigorous” [2006] 3 SLR(R)
374 (“The Pacific Vigorous”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 129–130.

77 The “compromise agreement” allegedly took the form of the 2012 SPA and/or
the CLO Agreement. Sumatec contends that in order to discern whether the 2012
SPA and/or the CLO Agreement were a valid compromise, the court will have to
scrutinise the facts to discern whether the parties “intended to dispose of
their actual or potential dispute by reaching an amicable resolution through
those agreements” (Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti Terence Peter and another appeal
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (“Gay Choon Ing”) at [42]). On this basis, Sumatec argues
that there are triable issues which are unsuitable for summary determination.

78 In The Pacific Vigorous, the plaintiff had sold a cargo of coal to Bhatia
International Ltd (“Bhatia”). As sub-charterer of the vessel, the Pacific
Vigorous, Bhatia issued letters of indemnity to the head time-charterer,
Eitzen, to enable delivery of the cargo to be made without the relevant bills
of lading issued for the cargo being produced. Eitzen, in turn, issued back-
to-back letters of indemnity to the defendant as the owner of the Pacific
Vigorous. After a dispute arose between the plaintiff and Bhatia over the
contractual quality of the cargo, Bhatia unilaterally deducted a sum for
alleged breach of the sale contract from the total sum due to the plaintiff.
The plaintiff regarded the sum paid by Bhatia as partial payment for the
cargo. The plaintiff, as lawful holders of the relevant bills of lading, then
commenced in rem proceedings against the Pacific Vigorous for the loss it had
suffered due to the misdelivery of the cargo to Bhatia. Seeking to resist the
plaintiff’s application for summary judgment, the defendant argued that there
was a triable issue as to whether the plaintiff’s acceptance of part-payment
for the cargo amounted to an election which precluded it from recovering
damages from the defendant.

79 Belinda Ang J rejected the defendant’s arguments and gave summary judgment
for the plaintiff, holding that the doctrines of common law election and
equitable election were inapplicable. She observed as follows:

(a) With regard to the doctrine of common law election, Ang J observed that
election at common law occurs where a person has two mutually exclusive and
inconsistent rights or courses of action, and the said person by an overt act
communicates to the other party that he is relying on one such right, with the
effect that he is precluded from later claiming the benefit of the other right
(The Pacific Vigorous at [15]).

(b) With regard to the doctrine of election in equity, Ang J stated that this
doctrine meant that a party could not both accept an instrument or judgment
and reject it. Election in equity was in this way referable to the principle
that a person cannot approbate and reprobate an instrument or judgment. It
followed that where facts exist, which attract the application of the doctrine
of equitable election, the person concerned must choose whether he will take
under or against the instrument or judgment. He cannot take a benefit under
the instrument or judgment without taking the burden (The Pacific Vigorous at
[16]).

(c) Both these doctrines require an unequivocal representation by the party
making the election in relation to the right or remedy allegedly being waived
(The Pacific Vigorous at [17] and [22]).

80 On the facts of The Pacific Vigorous, Ang J reasoned that the doctrine of
common law election was inapplicable because the plaintiff did not have two
inconsistent rights as against Bhatia and the defendant. Its claims fell under
two contracts (its sale contract with Bhatia and its contract of carriage with
the defendant) which gave rise to separate and independent causes of action
against two different parties (at [18]). The plaintiff’s remedies as against
Bhatia on the one hand and the defendant on the other were cumulative, not
alternative remedies, such that the plaintiff was not required to choose
between these two remedies (at [19]).

81 Ang J also held that the doctrine of equitable election was inapplicable
because the plaintiff’s acceptance of part-payment for the cargo was not an
unequivocal act that outwardly signified an election (at [22]):

I did not see that as conduct involving an implicit unequivocal representation
that the cargo had been delivered to the proper person under the sale contract
and that Agritrade would not claim any right that depended upon on [sic] an
assertion of misdelivery of the cargo. As Lord Goff highlighted in The
Kanchenjunga… an election requires an unequivocal representation by one party
who in making his election is communicating his choice whether or not to
exercise a right which has become available to him.

82 In oral submissions, learned counsel for Ebony Ritz, Ms Wendy Lin, argued
that the Pacific Vigorous does not assist Sumatec because Ebony Ritz’s right
to claim for damages under the OFRA is cumulative and not alternative to its
right to pursue the shares in SISB under the 2012 SPA.

83 In my view, there is no merit to Sumatec’s argument that Ebony Ritz has
made an election by entering into the 2012 SPA and therefore can no longer
bring an action for sums due and owing under the OFRA, or claim damages
against Sumatec for breaches of the OFRA. Even on the assumption that the
right to claim for damages or sums due and owing under the OFRA is indeed
inconsistent with and/or alternative to the right to obtain shares in SISB
through the 2012 SPA, the question is whether it could be said that Ebony Ritz
had, by entering into the 2012 SPA, made an “unequivocal representation” that
it would not be exercising its right to claim (i) payment of sums due and
owing under the OFRA; or (ii) damages for breach of the OFRA. That question
must be answered in the negative, in light of the terms of the 2012 SPA. As I
have mentioned, cl 7 of the 2012 SPA (as amended by Addendum No 1)
(hereinafter “Clause 7”) provides as follows:

Save for the compensation for the profit shortfall in the form of of
61,656,000 Sumatec Resources Berhad Special Issue Shares valued at RM10.8
Million which [Ebony Ritz] hereby agrees to transfer its right to the CLO
Bondholders as part of the global debt settlement with the CLO Bondholders and
subject to clauses 5.5 and 6.4, [Ebony Ritz] hereby agrees that, conditional
on both 1st Completion and 2nd Completion taking place (in accordance with
this Agreement) and upon both 1st Completion and 2nd Completion, it shall
release and discharge [Sumatec] from all liabilities, obligations, claims and
demands whatsoever and howsoever directly relating to or arising from, and
waives all rights which it may have against [Sumatec] in respect of any
accrued claims or liabilities under the [OFRA] in relation to [Ebony Ritz’s]
exercise of the Purchaser Call Option and the Priority Call Option.

[emphasis added]

84 Clause 7 makes clear that Ebony Ritz’s agreement to release and discharge
Sumatec from its accrued claims under the OFRA was subject to the conditions
contained in the 2012 SPA, including, inter alia, the condition that the 1st
Completion and the 2nd Completion were to take place in accordance with the
2012 SPA. The same point is set out in Paragraph (F) of the Recitals to the
2012 SPA.

85 In the light of this, it cannot be argued that Ebony Ritz’s entry into the
2012 SPA constituted an “unequivocal representation” that it was abandoning
its rights to claim from Sumatec sums due and owing under the OFRA, or to
claim damages from Sumatec for breaches of the OFRA. In fact, the wording of
terms such as Clause 7 implicitly suggest the very opposite – ie, that if the
conditions spelled out in the 2012 SPA were not complied with, then Ebony Ritz
would not release and discharge Sumatec from its liabilities under the OFRA.
It follows that the doctrine of election does not apply to bar Ebony Ritz’s
claims under the OFRA.

86 In a similar vein, I am of the view that the case of Gay Choon Ing does not
assist Sumatec. Sumatec cites Gay Choon Ing for the proposition that where
parties demonstrate that they intended to dispose of their actual or potential
dispute by reaching an amicable resolution agreeable to both parties, this
compromise will be recognised and given effect to by the courts (at [42]). I
certainly have no quarrel with that proposition. But to “give effect” to the
compromise in this case must mean to give effect to the full terms of the 2012
SPA. That includes giving effect to Clause 7, which provides in no uncertain
terms that Sumatec’s release from liability under the OFRA is conditional upon
the execution of both the 1st and 2nd Completions in accordance with the terms
of the 2012 SPA. Given the (undisputed) fact that the 2nd Completion has not
taken place, Ebony Ritz has not released Sumatec from its accrued claims under
the OFRA. Similarly, in Gay Choon Ing the Court of Appeal noted that if the
the documents in that case (ie, the Points of Agreement (“POA”) and Waiver
Letter) did constitute a valid compromise, “the defendant would have been
released from all his legal obligations under the Trust Deed provided that he
had complied with the relevant terms of the POA” [emphasis added] (at [11]).
The implication was that if the terms of the POA had not been complied with,
then the defendant in Gay Choon Ing was not released from his legal
obligations.

87 Thus, although Ebony Ritz has entered into the 2012 SPA, and even on the
assumption that the 2012 SPA is a “valid compromise”, the compromise was
clearly contingent and dependant on the conditions being fulfilled. Ebony
Ritz, by agreeing to a conditional compromise, has not given up its right to
claim against Sumatec for breaches of the OFRA. For similar reasons, I am of
the view that Sumatec has not succeeded in raising a “triable issue” through
its argument that Ebony Ritz is not entitled to the full sum that it claims
for the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 by virtue of the 1st Completion having
allegedly occurred (see [62(d)] above). By specifying that the release of
Sumatec’s liability shall be conditional upon both the 1st and 2nd Completions
taking place, Ebony Ritz has preserved its right to pursue its claims under
the OFRA if the 1st and 2nd Completions do not take place.

88 I note that the Compromise defence put forward by Sumatec against Ebony
Ritz’s claim is based on both the 2012 SPA and the CLO Agreement. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 28.

However, the CLO Agreement makes no difference to my conclusion that Ebony
Ritz has not compromised its claims against Sumatec. Sumatec contends that
Ebony Ritz “has obligations under and is bound by the terms of the CLO
Agreement”, 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 26.

which “together with the 2012 SPA, was meant to fully and finally release and
discharge Sumatec from its obligations under the OFRA”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 36.

I see no basis for this assertion. Ebony Ritz is not a party to the CLO
Agreement. Sumatec submits that Ebony Ritz has obligations under, and is bound
by, the terms of the CLO Agreement. To the extent that this argument is
premised on lifting the corporate veil between Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz, I
shall shortly explain why I find that argument unsustainable (see [105]–[123]
below). However, Sumatec also bases this submission partly on Recital 4 of the
CLO Agreement (“Recital 4”), 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 40.

which provides: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 420.

4\. SETTLEMENT

4.1 And whereas HLCL has proposed to purchase the balance 51% shares in SISB
from the Borrower (the “SISB Shares”). 2% of the shares in SISB are to be
purchased by and transferred to Ebony Ritz Pte Ltd, and 49% of the shares in
SISB are to be purchased by and transferred to Setinggi. In relation to this,
HLCL, Setinggi and the Borrower have entered into a sale and purchase
agreement dated 2012 (“the SISB Sale and Purchase Agreement”).

89 In my view, Recital 4 does not assist Sumatec. The recitals to a contract
do not impose legal obligations on the parties (Tiger Airways Pte Ltd v
Swissport Singapore Pte Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 992 at [34]), much less make a
person or entity a party to a contract. At best, Recital 4 suggests or asserts
that Ebony Ritz agreed to purchase 2% of the shares in SISB. The point remains
that Ebony Ritz is not a party to the CLO. The parties to the CLO are
different from the parties to the 2012 SPA. The parties to the 2012 SPA are
also different from the parties to the OFRA and 2010 SPA.

90 I do not see how the reference to Ebony Ritz by way of an assertion
supports the submission that Ebony Ritz has compromised its claims. Unlike the
2012 SPA, the CLO Agreement makes no reference to any agreement by Ebony Ritz
to discharge Sumatec from its obligations under the 2010 SPA and the OFRA. I
therefore fail to see how Ebony Ritz has compromised its claim through the CLO
Agreement. Indeed, it appears that after entering into the 2012 SPA, Sumatec
likely encountered problems in securing the consent of the CLO bondholders for
the 1st and 2nd Tranche sale shares and obtaining written evidence of
agreement of the Trustee to release the charge over the 2nd Tranche sale
shares. The CLO Agreement which Ebony Ritz was not a party to sets out, inter
alia, the terms and conditions under which the CLO bondholders would provide
consent for the transfer of the shares. These included the obligation that
SISB was to pay the 1st and 2nd Tranche Dividends on the dates specified.
Unsurprisingly, the CLO bondholders were a party to the CLO Agreement.

91 In the light of the foregoing, I find that Sumatec has not raised a
“triable issue” or a reasonable probability that it has a bona fide defence in
the form of the Compromise defence. The Compromise defence cannot form a basis
for Sumatec to resist summary judgment under O 14, and is also “obviously
unsustainable”. I therefore strike it out as disclosing no reasonable defence
or as being “frivolous or vexatious” under O 18 r 19(1)(a) or O 18 r 19(1)(b)
of the Rules, respectively.

The cl 3 OFRA defence

92 I turn now to consider Sumatec’s argument that Ebony Ritz is not entitled
to seek compensation for the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 in cash. I set out
the material portions of cll 3 and 19 here: 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, pp 32–36 and 46.

3\. Financial Representations and Adjustment

3.1 In the event that the audited PAT of the Semua Group for any of FY2010
and/or FY2011 is less than the amount(s) unconditionally and irrevocably
guaranteed by Sumatec under the Financial Representations, Sumatec agrees and
undertakes to pay and make good to [Ebony Ritz] in accordance with this Clause
3) [sic] in respect of the Financial Shortfalls calculated as follows:

(a) in respect of the Financial Shortfall for FY2010 (“Financial Shortfall
FY2010”), Financial Shortfall FY2010 = {A-[(B÷C)xA]} x 25/56

(b) in respect of the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 (“Financial Shortfall
FY2011”), Financial Shortfall FY2011 = {A-[(D÷E) x A]} x 31/565

Where,

A = Ninety million Malaysia Ringgit (RM 90,000,000)

B = the actual amount in (RM) of audited PAT of the Semua Group for FY2010

C = Twenty-five million Malaysia Ringgit (RM 25,000,000)

D = the actual amount (in RM) of audited PAT of the Semua Group for FY2011

E = Thirty-one million Malaysia Ringgit (RM 31,000,000)

Provided that the aggregate of the Financial Shortfall FY2010 and the
Financial Shortfall FY 2011 shall not exceed forty-five million and nine
hundred thousand Malaysia Ringgit (RM 45,900,000).

…

3.3 Each of [Ebony Ritz] and Sumatec agrees that [Ebony Ritz] has the right to
elect, and the Purchaser shall notify Sumatec in writing of its election
(under this Clause 3.3) (“Election Notice”), to have any Financial Shortfall
be satisfied by way of:

(a) the issue of new Sumatec Shares by Sumatec to [Ebony Ritz] (pursuant to
Clause 3.4) with an aggregate value equivalent to the Financial Shortfall
(provided that (i) the Sumatec Shares are and continue to be listed and traded
on the Bursa Malaysia following such issue of new Sumatec Shares and (ii)
there are no Malaysian laws or regulations prohibiting the issue of the new
Sumatec Shares to, and the holding of such Sumatec Shares by, [Ebony Ritz]);
or

(b) the exercise of the Priority Call Options granted by Sumatec to [Ebony
Ritz] under Clause 3.6 to transfer and sell such number of Shares held by
Sumatec with an aggregate value equivalent to the Financial Shortfall, to
[Ebony Ritz] for a consideration of RM 1.00; or

(c) a combination pursuant to Clause 3.7 comprising of (i) the issue of new
Sumatec Shares under Clause 3.4 and (ii) the sale and purchase of Priority
Call Option Shares under the Priority Call Options (as set out in Clause 3.6)
(“Combination Election”), such that the effective aggregate value of the
Sumatec Shares and the Priority Call Option Shares received by the Purchaser
is equal to the Financial Shortfall.

…

19\. Remedies and waivers

No failure on the part of either Party to exercise, and no delay on its part
in exercising, any right or remedy under this Agreement will operate as a
waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right or remedy. The rights provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

93 Sumatec argues that the correct interpretation of cl 3 of the OFRA is a
“triable issue”, and emphasises the wording “Sumatec agrees and undertakes to
pay and make good to [Ebony Ritz] (in accordance with this Clause 3) in
respect of the Financial Shortfalls…” [emphasis added]. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 126.

On a proper construction of cl 3 of the OFRA, and given that Ebony Ritz
elected to have the Financial Shortfall for FY2011 satisfied by means of the
Priority Call Option, it is “clear that Ebony Ritz is not entitled to have the
Financial Shortfall satisfied in kind”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 126–127.

94 In my view, the argument that Ebony Ritz is not entitled to have the
Financial Shortfall for FY2011 satisfied in cash is untenable. Sumatec
contends that Ebony Ritz would have to “adduce evidence to prove that it is
entitled to have the Financial Shortfall satisfied in kind”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 126–127.

I see no basis for this assertion that evidence must be adduced to establish
the right. To begin with, the language of cl 3.3 is permissive and not
restrictive – it states that the parties agree that Ebony Ritz “has the right
to elect…to have any Financial Shortfall be satisfied by way of [the three
methods listed in cl 3.3]”. That wording does not accord with Sumatec’s
position that cl 3.3 “sets out exhaustively the 3 ways which the Financial
Shortfall may be satisfied”. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 126.

95 While cl 3.1 states that “Sumatec agrees and undertakes to pay and make
good [the Financial Shortfalls] to [Ebony Ritz] in accordance with this Clause
3”, I disagree with Sumatec’s argument that the words “in accordance with this
Clause 3” should be understood to mean that Ebony Ritz was limited to the
options stated in cl 3.3. The relevant provisions in OFRA should be construed
together and in the light of the OFRA as a whole. This includes the point
referred to earlier that the stated objective of the agreement was to set out
the terms and conditions governing the adjustments to be made on account of
shortfalls in the Financial Representations (see [13] above). Clause 3.1 sets
out the method of calculating the Financial Shortfall and subjects Sumatec to
the duty to pay and make good the shortfall “in accordance with this Clause
3.” The reference to “this Clause 3” follows immediately after the words which
impose the duty “to pay and make good.” I am of the view that “in accordance
with this Clause 3” refers to the fact that the shortfall should be calculated
according to the formulae specified in cl 3.1. The core obligation imposed on
Sumatec under cl 3 was the duty to pay and make good the assessed Financial
Shortfall. Clause 3.3 then goes on to provide Ebony Ritz with the right to
elect to have any Financial Shortfall to be satisfied by way of (i) the issue
of new Sumatec Shares to Ebony Ritz; (ii) the exercise of the Priority Call
Options; or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii). It bears emphasising again
that the language of cl 3.3 is permissive and not restrictive. I therefore do
not accept Sumatec’s submission that Ebony Ritz is limited strictly to seeking
compensation using the methods specified in cl 3.3

96 Further, and more to the point, Ebony Ritz’s entitlement to have the
Financial Shortfall for FY2011 satisfied in kind is already evidenced clearly
by cl 19 of the OFRA, which specifies that no “single or partial exercise of
any right or remedy [shall] preclude…the exercise of any other right or
remedy”, and further that the “rights provided in this Agreement are
cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.” I
fully agree with the AR that this can only mean that the Plaintiff’s rights to
seek compensation for breaches of the OFRA are not limited to the three
options listed in cl 3.3.

97 In reaching this decision, I emphasise that in the course of these appeals
Sumatec did not proffer any arguments addressing the import of cl 19, or
explaining why, notwithstanding the existence of cl 19, Sumatec maintained its
position that the only means by which Ebony Ritz is entitled to seek
satisfaction of the shortfall are those set out in cl 3.3. This was despite it
acknowledging the fact that cl 19 was the decisive factor in the AR’s decision
to disallow the Paragraph 15 Amendments. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 85–90.

98 Accordingly, I am of the view that Sumatec has not raised a “triable issue”
or a “reasonable probability that it has a bona fide defence” in the form of
the cl 3 OFRA defence. I therefore affirm and uphold the AR’s decision to
disallow the Paragraph 15 amendments.

99 As an aside, I note that with respect to the OFRA claim, the statement of
claim simply states that Ebony Ritz “claims … the sum of RM 27,017,162.68”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Statement of Claim, para 25(1).

This sum appears to have been claimed as an amount due and owing (pursuant to
Sumatec’s primary obligation to make good the Financial Shortfall for FY2011
under the OFRA), and not as damages (pursuant to Sumatec’s secondary
obligation to compensate Ebony Ritz after Sumatec breached the OFRA by failing
to honour the Priority Call Option). But given my decision that the 2012 SPA
did not result in a compromise of Ebony Ritz’s rights under OFRA (because the
conditions were never met) Ebony Ritz would at the very least have a right to
bring a claim for damages for Sumatec’s failure to comply with the Priority
Call Option. Sumatec does not dispute that there was a shortfall in the
Financial Representations and that it was under a duty to make these good
under OFRA. The Priority Call Option was, of course, one method whereby the
Financial Shortfall as assessed could be made good, but Sumatec failed to
satisfy the Financial Shortfall by that method. The 2012 SPA, too, might have
resulted in a compromise of Ebony Ritz’s rights under the OFRA if the
conditions had been met by Sumatec. But it did not have that result since
Sumatec did not fulfil the conditions. The point I make is that even if Ebony
Ritz did not have the right to seek payment in cash for the Financial
Shortfall, it would be entitled to damages.

The Estoppel defence

100 I turn now to address the argument that Ebony Ritz is estopped from
exercising its rights under the 2012 SPA. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 62(c).

I found this argument somewhat difficult to follow in that, by bringing its
claims in these proceedings, Ebony Ritz was not exercising its rights under
the 2012 SPA at all. The rights which Ebony Ritz is asserting arise instead
from the OFRA and the Guarantee. However, as I understand it, Sumatec’s
argument is that Ebony Ritz is estopped from arguing that the 1st and 2nd
Completions have not taken place in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the 2012 SPA. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), paras 36 and 52.

Presumably, the point is that this estops Ebony Ritz from asserting that it is
still entitled to pursue its claims under the OFRA, because it has agreed to
release Sumatec from its liabilities under the OFRA if the 1st and 2nd
Completions have taken place.

101 Sumatec would need to cross numerous legal hurdles in order to establish
the above defence. Specifically, the argument that Ebony Ritz is estopped from
asserting that the 1st Completion has not taken place is premised on the
following propositions:

(a) Hoe Leong paid RM 1.8m for the 1st Tranche Sale Shares without insisting
on adherence to the conditions stated in the 2012 SPA; 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 98(d).

(b) Hoe Leong’s act of initiating the sale and transfer of the 1st Tranche
Sale Shares (which are the subject of the 1st Completion) was a
representation, and that Sumatec relied on this representation in transferring
the 1st Tranche Sale Shares to Hoe Leong which shares were then to be
transferred to Ebony Ritz. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 140.

By virtue of Hoe Leong’s actions, Ebony Ritz is estopped from asserting that
the 1st Completion did not take place.

102 As for the argument that Ebony Ritz is estopped from asserting that the
2nd Completion has not taken place, this is premised on the following
propositions:

(a) It was an implied term of the 2012 SPA that Ebony Ritz would not prevent
Sumatec from carrying out the 2nd Completion; 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 145.

(b) Hoe Leong prevented Sumatec from fulfilling its obligations in relation to
the 2nd Completion by failing to provide the HLCL Guarantee and/or by failing
to cause SISB to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the Trustee in accordance
with the CLO Agreement.

(c) Hoe Leong’s actions should be treated as those of Ebony Ritz, because Hoe
Leong is either the alter ego or an agent of Ebony Ritz.

103 Sumatec’s estoppel arguments in respect of both the 1st Completion and the
2nd Completion are premised on the identification of Ebony Ritz with Hoe
Leong. Put another way, Sumatec’s purported defences require the court to
treat Ebony Ritz and Hoe Leong as one and the same. As for the 1st Completion,
the only way that Hoe Leong’s act of initiating the sale and transfer of the
1st Tranche Sale Shares could estop Ebony Ritz is if Hoe Leong was either an
agent of Ebony Ritz and/or its alter ego. Similarly, in respect of the 2nd
Completion, the argument that Ebony Ritz prevented Sumatec from carrying out
the 2nd Completion by failing to cause SISB to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends
is premised on the assertion that Ebony Ritz was “the majority shareholder” of
SISB. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 40(b).

Since Ebony Ritz only held 49% of the shares in SISB, while Hoe Leong held 2%
of the shares in SISB, classifying Ebony Ritz as the majority shareholder is
premised on identifying Ebony Ritz with Hoe Leong and thereby treating Hoe
Leong’s shares as belonging to Ebony Ritz.

104 Given that identifying Hoe Leong with Ebony Ritz was as central as it was
to the Estoppel defence, it is not surprising that the AR’s decision on
whether to grant Sumatec leave to defend was based very much on the merits of
Sumatec’s submissions on alter ego and lifting of the corporate veil. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

AR’s Minute Sheet for 8 February 2017, paras 19–35.

My view is that the Estoppel defence is not a bona fide or sustainable defence
for several reasons: not only because the arguments on alter ego/lifting of
the corporate veil are weak, but also because Sumatec’s wider case on estoppel
is wholly devoid of merit. I shall deal first with the arguments on agency and
lifting of the corporate veil, before explaining why I find the Estoppel
defence unsustainable on the whole.

The agency argument

105 Sumatec argues that there is a triable issue arising from whether or not
Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz were agents or alter egos of each other. In support
of this, Sumatec cites an extract from Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng
Han SC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Rev Ed, 2009) at para 2.69 (“Walter
Woon”), 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 102.

where the learned author describes Smith, Stone and Knight Ltd v Lord Mayor,
Alderman and Citizens of the City of Birmingham [1939] 4 All ER 116 (“Smith,
Stone & Knight”) as an example of a judicial exception to the separate entity
doctrine (Walter Woon at p 64). The learned author goes on to state that this
was a case in which the “agency” was “implicit” and was “inferred by the court
from the circumstances of the case” (Walter Woon at para 2.69). Sumatec
contends that its defence cannot be disposed of summarily because determining
whether an implicit agency relationship exists between Hoe Leong and Ebony
Ritz would require the court to inquire into the facts and circumstances.

106 Ebony Ritz for its part says that the agency argument is pleaded in
“impermissibly and impossibly wide terms” and is “bereft of any material
facts”. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 72.

It complains that Sumatec has not even identified which of Hoe Leong and Ebony
Ritz is the alleged principal, and which is the agent; with the effect that
“Ebony Ritz simply does not (and cannot) know what case it has to meet”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 76.

On that basis, Ebony Ritz says that the agency argument is “oppressive and
embarrassing”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 76.

Although Ebony Ritz did not contend that the agency argument specifically
should be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(c) of the Rules, the language used
calls that provision to mind.

107 The arguments on agency are certainly not pleaded in the most satisfactory
manner or with the greatest clarity. Sumatec’s case appears to be both that
Ebony Ritz was “an agent of Hoe Leong”, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 8(c).

and also conversely that “Hoe Leong is the alter ego of Ebony Ritz”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 8.

However, at least as far as the 1st Completion is concerned, since the point
contended for is that Ebony Ritz is estopped by virtue of Hoe Leong’s conduct,
it must be Sumatec’s position that Ebony Ritz was the principal, and that Hoe
Leong was the agent (since it would not make sense to speak of Ebony Ritz as
agent being estopped by the conduct of Hoe Leong as principal). Thus, Sumatec
would need to succeed in showing that Hoe Leong is the agent of Ebony Ritz to
make out at least one necessary aspect of the Estoppel defence – that Ebony
Ritz is estopped from arguing that the 1st Completion has not occurred.

108 The authorities cited by Sumatec itself suggest that any argument that Hoe
Leong is an agent of Ebony Ritz is doomed to fail. In Smith, Stone & Knight,
Atkinson J commented at 121 that it is a question of fact in each case whether
a subsidiary was carrying on business as the company’s own business or as its
own. After reviewing a few cases, Atkinson J formulated six indicia for the
purposes of determining the question: who was really carrying on the business
(or put differently, whether a company is an agent of another):

(a) Were the profits treated as the profits of the parent company?

(b) Were the persons conducting the business appointed by the parent company?

(c) Was the company the head and the brain of the trading venture?

(d) Did the company govern the adventure, deciding what should be done and
what capital should be embarked on the venture?

(e) Did the company make the profits by its skill and direction?

(f) Was the company in effectual and constant control?

109 In the Singapore context, it has been noted by the Court of Appeal that
the above indicia are “helpful guidelines” but not a conclusive or definitive
test applicable in all circumstances in determining whether a business is
carried on by a subsidiary as the principal or as an agent for its holding
company (Miller Freeman Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Singapore Industrial Automation
Association and another [2000] 3 SLR(R) 177 at [22]). Walter Woon at para 2.69
suggests that, in addition to the above factors, an agency arrangement may
more readily be inferred where the negotiations leading to a contract are all
conducted by the alleged principal, even though the contract is formally
entered into by the alleged agent.

110 Applying the above factors, Hoe Leong is evidently not Ebony Ritz’s agent.
As Ebony Ritz emphasises, Hoe Leong is a public company listed on the
Singapore Exchange since 2005. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 17.

While it is true that its directors include James Kuah and Paul Kuah, who are
also directors of Ebony Ritz (see [7] above), the Kuah brothers are only two
out of Hoe Leong’s six-member board of directors. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 68.

There is no basis for saying that Ebony Ritz was “the head and the brain” of
Hoe Leong, or that Ebony Ritz “governed” Hoe Leong, or indeed that Ebony Ritz
was “in effectual and constant control” of Hoe Leong.

111 As for the negotiations leading to the conclusion of the 2012 SPA,
Sumatec’s own submission is that they were led by Hoe Leong on behalf of Ebony
Ritz, and not the converse. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 112.

Therefore, I find that the argument that Hoe Leong was an agent or alter ego
of Ebony Ritz is unsustainable. It follows that the argument that Ebony Ritz
is estopped by virtue of Hoe Leong’s conduct is also untenable. For similar
reasons, I see no merit in the argument that Hoe Leong holds shares in SISB as
agent for Ebony Ritz. Thus, insofar as Sumatec’s position that Ebony Ritz is
estopped from saying the 2nd Completion has not occurred rests on the
contention that Ebony Ritz is the “majority shareholder” of SISB and failed to
procure it to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the Trustee, that position is
also unsustainable.

The corporate veil argument

112 Apart from the arguments on agency, another means by which Sumatec seeks
to identify Hoe Leong with Ebony Ritz is through its pleading that “the
corporate veil of Ebony Ritz should be lifted”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 7.

While Ebony Ritz complains that the amended defence is unclear as to who the
alleged controller of Ebony Ritz is, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 53,
footnote 67.

Sumatec’s position appears to be that Hoe Leong is the “controlling mind and
spirit” of Ebony Ritz, 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 8(b).

and that Ebony Ritz was “not a separate entity from Hoe Leong”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 110.

In support of this position, Sumatec cites the following factors: 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 112–119.

(a) Sumatec primarily negotiated with Hoe Leong in the lead up to the signing
of the 2012 SPA;

(b) Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz share the same “communication details” (this
appears to refer to similar fax numbers and mailing addresses);

(c) External parties allegedly viewed Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz as being “one
and the same or interchangeable”;

(d) The 2012 SPA “confers no benefit on Ebony Ritz” if it is truly regarded as
a separate legal entity from Hoe Leong because it would have agreed to release
and discharge Sumatec from liability under the OFRA in return for Sumatec
selling 51% of its shares in SISB to Setinggi and Hoe Leong;

(e) Hoe Leong was an 80% shareholder of Ebony Ritz;

(f) James Kuah and Paul Kuah are directors of both Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz;
and in addition, James Kuah is the CEO of Hoe Leong and the Managing Director
of Ebony Ritz. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 1), para 6.

113 Sumatec also argues that the AR failed to have regard to the Court of
Appeal’s decision in The “STX Mumbai” and another matter [2015] 5 SLR 1 (“STX
Mumbai”), which Sumatec characterises as a case in which the Court of Appeal
found that “the Appellant could rely on a company, STX Pan Ocean’s insolvency
in anticipating a breach by that company’s subsidiary” because of certain
facts which “lent itself [sic] to making out the alter ego argument”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 118.

114 The law on piercing the corporate veil was comprehensively examined by
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Simgood Pte Ltd v MLC Shipbuilding Sdn Bhd and others
[2016] 1 SLR 1129 (“Simgood”), which decision was upheld on appeal in Simgood
Pte Ltd v MLC Barging Pte Ltd and others [2016] SGCA 46. Coomaraswamy J
distilled the following principles at [195]:

(a) The starting point in Singapore law is that a company has a separate legal
personality from its owners and controllers, even if it is one of a number of
companies which form a group of companies through common or interlocking
ownership or control (Adams and others v Cape Industries plc and another
[1990] Ch 433);

(b) The doctrine of separate legal personality is not displaced simply because
companies are organised as a “single economic unit” (Public Prosecutor v Lew
Syn Pau and another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 210 at [212]);

(c) The doctrine of separate legal personality is not displaced simply because
the owners of a company have incorporated it for the purpose of insulating
themselves or other group companies from liability. That is the very purpose
of the limited liability company.

115 Coomaraswamy J also endorsed the holding of Lord Sumption JSC in the UK
Supreme Court decision of Prest v Petrodel Resources Ltd and others [2013] 2
AC 415 (“Prest”) at [34] that the corporate veil may be pierced only to
prevent the abuse of corporate legal personality (Simgood at [199]).
Coomaraswamy J noted Lord Sumption JSC’s distinction between the “concealment
principle” and the “evasion principle”. The concealment principle was at play
where, notwithstanding the interposition of a company to conceal the identity
of the real actors, a court would look behind the corporate façade to identify
the real actors. The evasion principle was where the court would disregard the
corporate veil if a company has been used to defeat a right or frustrate the
enforcement of a right against the person in control of the company which
exists independently of the company involvement (Prest at [28]; Simgood at
[200]). While Lord Sumption JSC and Lord Neuberger PSC had taken the view that
it was only in cases of evasion that the corporate veil should be pierced, the
other members of the UK Supreme Court had not endorsed such analysis without
qualification (Simgood at [201]).

116 Based on the arguments before him, Coomaraswamy J declined to make a
finding as to whether or not the doctrine of lifting the corporate veil should
be limited to cases falling within the evasion principle under Singapore law
(Simgood at [202]). He proceeded on the basis that the plaintiff’s submissions
for lifting the corporate veil were based on the concealment principle, and on
the facts, declined to lift the corporate veil as between the various
corporate defendants. In coming to that view, Coomaraswamy J made clear that
“some measure of connectedness or closeness” between two companies will not
justify disregarding their separate legal personalities (Simgood at [211]).
Thus, the fact that several companies may be family owned and may have common
directors or shareholders will not justify lifting the corporate veil (Simgood
at [205] and [210]), nor will the fact that the owners or controllers of that
company have not honoured a strict demarcation between the various corporate
entities in e-mail correspondence (Simgood at [206]).

117 Putting aside for now the distinction between the concealment principle
and the evasion principle, Coomaraswamy J certainly endorsed the view that the
doctrine of lifting the corporate veil was limited to cases where there had
been an abuse of corporate form. That view was also approved by Lee Kim Shin
JC in Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Ltd v Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd [2014] 4 SLR
832 at [95] (also citing Prest).

118 Having considered the arguments and the relevant principles, I am of the
view that the attempt to lift the corporate veil of Ebony Ritz is devoid of
merit. The commonality of “communication details”, that Hoe Leong and Ebony
Ritz shared two common directors, and that certain third parties may have
referred to Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz interchangeably are facts insufficient
for this court to disregard the separate legal personality of these two
entities. As for the argument that the 2012 SPA “confers no benefit on Ebony
Ritz” because it would have agreed to release and discharge Sumatec from
liability under the OFRA in return for the transfer of SISB shares to Setinggi
and Hoe Leong, that simply accords with the uncontroversial principle that
parties may contract for a benefit to be conferred on a third party. Further,
while Sumatec submits that Hoe Leong was the controlling mind and spirit of
Ebony Ritz and has “sole control” over the direction and operations of Ebony
Ritz, this overlooks the fact that Ebony Ritz is 20% owned by Auspicious
Journey, which has a nominated director, Mr Kuek Kien Joo, sitting on the
board of Ebony Ritz. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para
68(b).

119 As regards the element of abuse or impropriety, learned counsel for
Sumatec, Ms Thenuga d/o Vijakumar, stated in oral submissions that the
impropriety stems from the fact that “Hoe Leong who holds 51% can now say, I
did not help you with the 2nd Completion, but be that as it may, Ebony Ritz is
holding 49%, and I’m now going to sue you for the 2010 obligations”. However,
I see nothing illegitimate or abusive about the way that the parties agreed to
(conditionally) compromise their rights and liabilities under the 2012 SPA.
Lord Sumption JSC observed that the corporate veil may be lifted “if a
company’s separate legal personality is being abused for the purpose of some
relevant wrongdoing” (Prest at [27]). Sumatec does not suggest that Hoe Leong
has used Ebony Ritz to perpetrate any wrongdoing. It says that it is improper
for Hoe Leong or Ebony Ritz to now pursue its claims under the OFRA only in
the sense that Hoe Leong and Ebony Ritz are now allegedly “estopped” from so
doing. But facts giving rise to an estoppel (if indeed the facts give rise to
an estoppel) do not necessarily give rise to a finding of abuse.

120 There is nothing to suggest that Ebony Ritz has been used as a sham or
façade. To the extent Sumatec may complain that the structure of the 2012 SPA
makes it such that Hoe Leong is entitled to the benefit of the 1st Tranche
Sale Shares without a corresponding burden of procuring SISB to pay the 2nd
Tranche Dividends, I find nothing abusive or improper about this.

121 As an aside, Sumatec chose to enter into the 2012 SPA at a time when it
was already liable for having breaching its obligations to Ebony Ritz under
the 2010 SPA and the OFRA. It is undisputed that there was a shortfall in
SISB’s PAT for FY2011; that Sumatec was liable to make this shortfall good
under the OFRA; and that Sumatec failed to make good the shortfall after Ebony
Ritz exercised the Priority Call Option. That failure was the very reason the
2012 SPA came about. Given this context, I fail to see how Sumatec can argue
that either Hoe Leong or Ebony Ritz should bear any obligation to assist it in
facilitating the 2nd Completion by securing the consent of the CLO
Bondholders. Yet, by asserting that there is “impropriety” in Hoe Leong
obtaining the 1st Tranche Sale Shares without having to procure SISB’s payment
of the 2nd Tranche Dividends, Sumatec implies that “propriety” demands that
Hoe Leong or Ebony Ritz should be responsible for facilitating the performance
of the conditions stipulated in the 2012 SPA and/or the CLO agreement. I am
unable to agree. It follows that Sumatec has failed to make out any kind of
abuse or impropriety that would justify lifting of the corporate veil.

122 For completeness, I note that Sumatec has relied heavily on the case of
STX Mumbai. I agree entirely with Ebony Ritz that this was a decision
concerning anticipatory breach, and lifting of the corporate veil was not in
issue. The Court mentioned lifting the corporate veil solely in the course of
summarising the Appellant’s arguments (STX Mumbai at [29]).

123 I therefore find that Sumatec’s submissions on agency and lifting of the
corporate veil are unsustainable. Insofar as the AR felt that these arguments
were not so unsustainable as to warrant their immediate striking out, 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AR’s Minute Sheet, 8 February 2017, para 35.

I would respectfully differ. As I shall explain below, I also felt that given
the deficiencies in the Estoppel defence as a whole, Sumatec has not been able
to establish a reasonable probability that it was a bona fide defence.

The Estoppel defence as a whole

124 As I have mentioned, Sumatec’s Estoppel defence is premised upon the
identification of Hoe Leong with Ebony Ritz. The difficulties with the
arguments on agency and lifting of the corporate veil alone would found a
conclusion that this defence is unsustainable. In addition, even if I
disregard those difficulties, there are other deficiencies with the Estoppel
defence.

125 To begin with, one of the key planks of the defence is the argument that
Ebony Ritz prevented Sumatec from carrying out the 2nd Completion by failing
to procure SISB to pay the 2nd Tranche Dividends to the Trustee (see [102(b)]
above). I saw a degree of irony in this argument since, following the transfer
of the 1st Tranche Sale Shares, Ebony Ritz actually held 49% of the shares in
SISB, which put it in the exact same position as Sumatec itself, which also
held 49% of the shares in SISB at that time (see [34] above).

126 However, even if I assume that Ebony Ritz’s identity could be conflated
with Hoe Leong’s, and Ebony Ritz was thus a “majority shareholder” owning not
merely 49% but 51% of the shares in SISB, and even if I further assume that
Ebony Ritz was thereby in a position to procure SISB to pay the 2nd Tranche
Dividends to the Trustee, I fail to see how that would further Sumatec’s
defence. I agree with Ebony Ritz that Sumatec has not explained how it was
“prevented from carrying out its obligations in relation to the 2nd
Completion”. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 78.

It seems to me that the substance of Sumatec’s complaint is not that it has
been prevented from carrying out its obligations, but rather that Ebony Ritz
and/or Hoe Leong have not assisted it to procure the CLO Bondholders’ consent
by paying the 2nd Tranche Dividends, despite being in a position to do so.
However, I fail to see the basis on which Sumatec argues that it was entitled
to expect such assistance.

127 Even if it were true that Ebony Ritz and/or Hoe Leong had prevented
Sumatec from performing its obligations under the 2012 SPA, this would not
afford Sumatec a bona fide defence. Sumatec contends that it was an implied
term of the 2012 SPA that Ebony Ritz would not prevent Sumatec from carrying
out the 2nd Completion (see [102(a)] above). Putting aside the point that this
“implied term” is not pleaded in the defence, the more fundamental problem is
that Sumatec does not go on to plead what the impact of such an implied term
is. In this regard, I agree with Ebony Ritz that Sumatec has not pleaded how
the alleged “prevention” affords Sumatec a defence to the OFRA claim. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 78.

If indeed such an obligation of non-prevention were implied into the 2012 SPA,
taking Sumatec’s case at its highest, the conclusion that would follow would
be that Ebony Ritz had breached the 2012 SPA. It would not follow that Sumatec
was thereby automatically discharged from its obligations under the OFRA. I
also note that notwithstanding the opportunity it was given to amend its
defence, Sumatec has not pleaded how the alleged implied term fits into the
wider scheme of the Estoppel defence.

128 I note that it has been observed that a court presiding over a summary
judgment proceeding should “be slow to venture into a contextual assessment of
words and/or conduct encompassed in a claim of estoppel” (SCP at para 14/4/5).
However, equally, “a bare, unsubstantiated or incoherent claim of estoppel
will generally not make any significant headway in raising triable issues or
demonstrating any probability of a bona fide defence at all” (SCP at para
14/4/5, citing AmFraser Securities Pte ltd v Goh Chengyu [2014] SGHCR 14 at
[32] and [33]). On the facts before me, I am of the view that Sumatec’s
Estoppel defence is indeed bare and substantiated. Thus, I find that the
Estoppel defence is unsustainable and does not raise any triable issue.

129 To summarise, I find that the Compromise defence, the cl 3 OFRA defence
and the Estoppel defence are devoid of merit. The AR was of the view that the
defence to the OFRA claim was a “shadowy one at best”, and on that basis
granted Sumatec conditional leave to defend. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

AR’s Minute Sheet, 8 February 2017, para 34.

I respectfully depart from that decision as, in my view, Sumatec has failed to
demonstrate a reasonable probability that it has a bona fide defence at all. I
therefore grant Ebony Ritz summary judgment on the OFRA claim.

Whether Sumatec is entitled to judgment on the Guarantee claim without the
matter proceeding to trial

130 Ebony Ritz has appealed against the AR’s decision to grant Sumatec
unconditional leave to defend the Guarantee Claim. Sumatec’s defence to the
Guarantee Claim centres on cl 3.6 of the 2012 SPA, which I reproduce here for
convenience:

On 1st Completion or three (3) months after the date of this Agreement,
whichever is later, [Setinggi] and [Hoe Leong] shall use all reasonable
endeavours to procure a discharge of all those corporate guarantees issued by
[Sumatec] in respect of loan and other facilities granted to the Semua Group
by its relevant lenders (“Sumatec Guarantees”). In the event that [Setinggi]
and/or [Hoe Leong] fails to procure the discharge of the Sumatec Guarantees
under this Clause 3.6, [Setinggi] and/or [Ebony Ritz] agrees to jointly and
severally indemnify and keep [Sumatec] indemnified and harmless against any
and all claims, demands, suit made against Sumatec in respect of the Sumatec
guarantees.

131 Sumatec’s position is that the Guarantee falls within the “Sumatec
Guarantees” mentioned in cl 3.6, and since Setinggi and Hoe Leong have failed
to procure the discharge of the Guarantee, Ebony Ritz must indemnify and keep
Sumatec harmless against any claim or demand made in respect of the said
Guarantee. On the other hand, Ebony Ritz argues that cl 3.6 only applies to
loans granted by third parties to the Semua Group. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), para 60(a).

In support of this position, Ebony Ritz raises the following points:

(a) Clauses 5.5 and 6.4 provide that if the 1st Completion and the 2nd
Completion respectively do not take place in accordance with the 2012 SPA,
Ebony Ritz’s rights under the “Transaction Documents” are unconditionally
reserved, and there would be no “waiver, release or discharge of any of
[Sumatec’s] liability under the Transaction Documents”. Further the term
“Transaction Documents” is defined to include the 2010 SPA, the OFRA, the Loan
Agreement and the Guarantee. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 88.

(b) If the parties had intended for Ebony Ritz to indemnify Sumatec against
claims arising from the Guarantee, the 2012 SPA would simply have provided for
a straightforward discharge of the Guarantee, rather than providing that Ebony
Ritz would indemnify Sumatec against any claims in respect of the Guarantee.
124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para
90(b).

(c) During the negotiations leading up to the 2012 SPA, it was expressly
contemplated that the Sumatec Guarantee would cover only three specific
guarantees. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para
90(c).

132 Ebony Ritz’s alternative position is that cl 3.6 does not include
corporate guarantees issued by Sumatec in respect of loans granted to the
Semua Group which matured or became due prior to the 2nd Completion. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Reply (Amendment No 1), para 60(b).

As I understand it, this argument is based on cl 9.1(f) of the 2012 SPA, which
provides as follows: 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 374.

9.1 [Sumatec] undertakes to each of [Hoe Leong] and [Ebony Ritz] that it will
procure that, between the date of this Agreement and 2nd Completion, each
Semua Group Company shall (subject always to the Shareholders’ Agreement):

…

(f) pay and discharge all its debts and liabilities when they mature or become
due or are expressed to be due.

133 Ebony Ritz says that since Sumatec has undertaken to procure the Semua
Group Companies to pay and discharge all their debts and liabilities prior to
the 2nd Completion, cl 3.6 cannot extend to corporate guarantees issued by
Sumatec in respect of loans which matured or became due prior to the 2nd
Completion, because the payment of such loans were Sumatec’s obligation.

134 In resisting Ebony Ritz’s application for summary judgment on the
Guarantee Claim, Sumatec argues that determining the proper construction of cl
3.6 would require the court to consider “the relevant contractual, contextual
and commercial background against which the document containing the disputed
words and phrases came about” to ascertain the contracting parties’ objective
intentions. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, para 149.

In this regard, Sumatec highlights that Ebony Ritz itself has referred to the
parties’ negotiations to support its interpretation of cl 3.6. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 of 2017, paras 150–151.

135 In the end, I have come to the view that the AR was right to have granted
Sumatec unconditional leave to defend the Guarantee Claim for the following
reasons:

(a) While Ebony Ritz says that Sumatec’s construction of cl 3.6 is untenable
because it is inconsistent with cll 5.5 and 6.4, such inconsistency is not
plain or obvious to me. Taking cl 5.5 as an example, the idea that Ebony
Ritz’s rights under the Guarantee would be preserved if the 1st Completion
does not occur in accordance with the 2012 SPA is not necessarily inconsistent
with cl 3.6. Clause 3.6 requires Setinggi and Hoe Leong to use all reasonable
endeavours to procure a discharge of certain corporate guarantees “[o]n 1st
Completion or three (3) months after the date of this Agreement, whichever is
later” [emphasis added]. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

1st Affidavit of Kuah Geok Lin dated 21 July 2016, p 368.

At least one possible interpretation of this is that Setinggi and Hoe Leong’s
obligation to use reasonable endeavours to obtain a discharge of the corporate
guarantees takes effect only after the 1st Completion occurs, and
correspondingly Setinggi and/or Ebony Ritz’s obligation to indemnify Sumatec
only takes effect after the 1st Completion occurs. I should clarify that I do
not say that this is the correct interpretation of cll 3.6 and 5.5. I state
this only to illustrate that it is not plain or obvious that cll 5.5 and 6.4
make Sumatec’s interpretation of cl 3.6 untenable.

(b) While Ebony Ritz says that Sumatec’s construction of cl 3.6 is untenable
because it is inconsistent with cl 9.1(f), it is not plain or obvious to me
that there are inconsistencies between these two provisions. The idea that
Sumatec undertakes to procure SISB to pay its debts and liabilities (cl
9.1(f)) is not necessarily inconsistent with Ebony Ritz’s undertaking to
indemnify and hold Sumatec harmless against claims made pursuant to the
Guarantee (cl 3.6).

(c) To the extent that any inconsistency exists between cl 3.6 and cll 5.5,
6.4 and 9.1(f), the question of how to resolve such inconsistency is a triable
issue. In this regard, I agree with the AR that one relevant consideration
might be whether cl 3.6 is intended to take precedence over the other
allegedly inconsistent clauses of the 2012 SPA. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

AR’s Minute Sheet, 8 February 2017, para 39.

136 I am also mindful of the need for the court to consider the context of the
parties’ agreement as part of the interpretive exercise (Ngee Ann Development
Pte Ltd v Takashimaya Singapore Ltd [2017] SGCA 42 at [39]). While Ebony Ritz
has pointed to the parties’ negotiations in the lead up to the conclusion of
the 2012 SPA, I agree with Sumatec that this evidence will have to be taken in
context. I therefore affirm the AR’s decision to grant Sumatec unconditional
leave to defend the Guarantee claim.

Conclusion

137 To summarise my decision so far, I grant Ebony Ritz summary judgment in
respect of the OFRA claim, and Sumatec unconditional leave to defend the
Guarantee claim. It follows that:

(a) Sumatec’s Amendment Appeal is dismissed as the AR was right to have
disallowed the Paragraph 15 amendments;

(b) Sumatec’s Summary Judgment Appeal is dismissed. Ebony Ritz’s Summary
Judgment Appeal is allowed to the extent that I have departed from the AR’s
decision to grant conditional leave to defend the OFRA claim and have granted
Ebony Ritz summary judgment instead.

(c) Ebony Ritz’s Amendment Appeal is partly allowed as I find that many of the
amendments sought to be introduced via the Amendment Application were
themselves liable to be struck out. I affirm the AR’s decision insofar as he
allowed Sumatec to make the amendments pertaining to the Guarantee claim.

(d) Ebony Ritz’s Striking Out Appeal is allowed insofar as it follows from my
decision to grant Ebony Ritz summary judgment on the OFRA claim that Sumatec’s
defence to the OFRA claim “discloses no reasonable defence” or is frivolous or
vexatious. However, I affirm the AR’s decision insofar as he declined to
strike out Sumatec’s defence to the Guarantee claim.

Ebony Ritz’s Stay Appeal

138 What remains is Ebony Ritz’s Stay Appeal wherein it appealed against the
AR’s decision refusing to approve the Draft Judgment following Sumatec’s
failure to provide the Security in respect of the OFRA claim. The procedural
history relating to the Stay Appeal has already been set out at [50]–[52] and
[59] above. However, to recap:

(a) On 8 February 2017, the AR granted Sumatec conditional leave to defend the
OFRA claim on condition that security for the full amount was provided by 5pm
on 8 March 2017, failing which judgment would be entered against Sumatec.

(b) On 22 February 2017, Sumatec filed inter alia, its Summary Judgment
Appeal, which was the appeal against the AR’s conditional leave order in
respect of the OFRA claim.

(c) On 3 March 2017, Sumatec proposed a stay of the provision of the security
until the final disposition of the various appeals which the parties had filed
on 22 February 2017. The proposal was rejected by Ebony Ritz’s solicitors on 7
March 2017.

(d) On 8 March 2017, shortly before the time for Sumatec to furnish the
Security expired at 5pm, Sumatec filed its Stay Application at 4.27pm. Shortly
afterwards, at 5.56pm, Sumatec served the application for stay on Ebony Ritz.
Ebony Ritz responded by seeking to enter judgment against Sumatec for the OFRA
claim. To that end, Ebony Ritz sent the Draft Judgment to Sumatec’s lawyers
after 5pm. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, paras
6–8.

(e) By 13 March 2017, Ebony Ritz had not received any response from Sumatec on
the Draft Judgment. Ebony Ritz asserts that under O 42 r 8(2) Sumatec was
thereby deemed to have consented to the terms of the Draft Judgment. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeals 48–52 and 85 of 2017, para 9.

(f) On 14 March 2017 Ebony Ritz submitted the Draft Judgment to the Court for
approval.

(g) On 17 March 2017, the AR heard and granted Sumatec’s Stay Application and
declined to approve the Draft Judgment.

139 Ebony Ritz’s position is that the AR erred in granting the stay and in
refusing to approve the draft judgment. It relies on the well-known principle
that an appeal does not operate as a stay of execution and contends that so
long as a court order stands, the successful party is entitled to have it
respected and obeyed. Indeed, by the time Sumatec served the application for a
stay on Ebony Ritz, the time for complying with the conditional leave order
had expired.

140 Sumatec’s position is that it was entirely within the AR’s discretion to
grant the stay of execution. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017, para 16.

Moreover, Sumatec submits that the AR was correct in making that decision,
given that Sumatec requires “high cash flow availability to continue with its
regular operations”, and having to provide RM 27,017,162.68 would have caused
it “grave financial stress”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017, para 22.

Sumatec also alleges that there was a “serious risk” that Sumatec would not
have been able to recover any monies paid to Ebony Ritz, given that Ebony Ritz
has been ordered to be wound up. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Defendant’s submissions for Registrar’s Appeal 85 of 2017, para 25.

141 Whilst it may not be necessary to decide Ebony Rtiz’s Stay Appeal given my
decision to allow Ebony Ritz’s appeal against the conditional leave order and
to grant summary judgment on the OFRA claim, I make the following comments on
the issues that have arisen.

142 First, it is clear that despite having had a month to comply with the
conditional leave order, Sumatec waited until the eleventh hour to file the
application for a stay, when time providing the Security had very nearly
expired. It also served the application on Ebony Ritz after the time for
providing the Security had already expired. It is also clear that Ebony Ritz
were aware on 8 March 2017 when they sent the Draft Judgment to Sumatec’s
lawyers for approval that Sumatec had: (i) filed the appeal; and (ii) proposed
parties should consent to a stay. Does this make a difference? I am of the
view that, on the facts before me, it does not. Sumatec was equally aware by 7
March 2017 that Ebony Ritz did not consent to a stay. They knew time was fast
running out and that Ebony Ritz was entitled to enter judgment after 5pm on 8
March 2017. No attempt was made to apply and obtain an urgent stay from the
Court before the expiration of time. Indeed, the application was only made and
served 22 minutes before the expiry of time. The date of the hearing was some
three weeks later.

143 Second, it is also clear that when Ebony Ritz submitted the Draft Judgment
to the Court for approval on 14 March 2017, Ebony Ritz was aware that the
application for stay would be heard in three days’ time. The AR comments that
it was not appropriate for Ebony Ritz to seek entry of judgment when they knew
a stay application had been made. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

AR’s Minute Sheet for 17 March 2017, p 8, line 1.

144 Third, O 42 r 7(1) provides that a judgment or order of the court takes
effect from the day of its date. SCP explains at para 42/7/2 that a judgment
takes effect from the time when the judge pronounces it, rather than the date
upon which it is drawn up and entered. Further, at para 42/7/7 it is stated
that every order should be drawn up and extracted (with some exceptions) and
that an omission to do this does not relieve a party from the obligation to
obey the order unless the order is of such a kind as to render obedience
contingent on the service of the order. O 42 r 8 sets out provisions on the
preparation of the judgment or order and the submission of the draft to the
solicitor of the other party. Ebony Ritz relies on O 42 r 8(2) and deemed
consent by Sumatec to the terms on the basis that Sumatec did not respond to
the Draft Judgment.

145 Having regard to these provisions, I am of the view that the burden is on
Sumatec to make a timely application for a stay of execution under the Rules.
The fact that they knew Ebony Ritz did not agree to a stay by consent only
served to make the matter much more urgent. Ebony Ritz, even though it was
appealing for summary judgment, was entitled in any case to the “fruits” of
the orders that had been granted. Sumatec must have known that under the order
granting conditional leave to defend, Ebony Ritz was entitled to enter
judgment from the moment time expired. The order expressly provides that
failing provision of the security by 5pm 8 March 2017 “judgment shall be
entered against the Defendant for this sum, with interests as well as costs to
be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, to be taxed or agreed”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

ORC No 1212 of 2017.

The fact that a party has made an application for stay does not mean that some
form of interim stay goes into existence to cover the period between
application and the hearing of the stay application. If an interim stay was
needed, Sumatec could and should have sought an interim stay pending the
hearing of the stay application especially since they had received the Draft
Judgment.

146 The submissions of Ebony Ritz on its Stay Appeal concentrates on the above
points and they assert that they were entitled to enter judgment after 5pm 8
March 2017. On the other hand, Sumatec relies on the AR’s finding that entry
of judgment would have rendered the application for stay nugatory. The
difficulty however is that Order 42 r 7 is clear that a judgment takes effect
from the time when it is pronounced rather than the date when it is drawn up
and entered. That said, SCP explains at para 42/7/4 that execution cannot
issue till after entry of judgment.

147 Accordingly, I am of the view that the AR erred in not accepting the Draft
Judgment. The parties did not, in their submissions before me, go into the
substantive question as to whether grant of a stay was in any event
appropriate on the facts of the case. I make no further comment since I have
in any case found that Ebony Ritz is entitled to summary judgment and that the
AR erred in granting conditional leave in the first place on the OFRA claim.

148 I shall hear the parties on costs.

George Wei  
Judge

Wendy Lin Weiqi and Goh Wei Wei (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Thenuga d/o Vijakumar (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

