Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 83

Suit No 860 of 2013

HC/Summons No 974 of 2017

Between

Aries Telecoms (M) Berhad  
(formerly known as V Telecoms Berhad)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

ViewQwest Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

And

Fiberail Sdn Bhd  
---  
  
… Third Party

gROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Aries Telecoms (M) Bhd

  
v

  

ViewQwest Pte Ltd (Fiberail Sdn Bhd, third party)

[2017] SGHC 83

High Court — Suit No 860 of 2013 (HC/Summons No 974 of 2017)  
Woo Bih Li J  
17 March 2017  

12 April 2017

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 974 of 2017 (“Summons 974”) was an application by the plaintiff,
Aries Telecoms (M) Berhad (“Aries”) for a declaration that no leave to appeal
to the Court of Appeal was required in respect of an order I made on 7
February 2017 (“the 7 February 2017 Order”). Alternatively, if leave to appeal
was required, the application also asked for an extension of time to file the
(same) application for such leave and an order that such leave be granted.
After hearing submissions, I declared that no leave was required. I also said
that if I were wrong on this issue, I would have granted the alternative
prayers sought.

2 The application raised interesting and important issues. I set out below the
background facts and the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

3 The main action was a claim by Aries against the defendant ViewQwest Pte Ltd
(“ViewQwest”) for conversion arising from ViewQwest’s refusal to return
certain information technology equipment to Aries after a letter of demand was
sent by Aries to ViewQwest. The equipment was eventually returned before the
trial of the action without prejudice to the parties’ rights.

4 After the trial was part heard over some days, ViewQwest eventually
consented on 11 October 2016 to an interlocutory judgment to be granted
against it with damages to be assessed. Accordingly, I granted interlocutory
judgment in favour of Aries against ViewQwest that same day. I also indicated
that it might be appropriate for an application to be made for a preliminary
point to be decided as to the nature of the relief which the Plaintiff was
entitled to.

5 Eventually Aries filed Summons No 5786 of 2016 (“Summons 5786”) for the
determination of a preliminary issue pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The preliminary point was whether
Aries was entitled to (a) an account of profits made by ViewQwest arising from
the conversion of the equipment or (b) an order that ViewQwest disgorge such
profits to Aries.

6 Summons 5786 was heard by me on 12 January 2017 and 7 February 2017. In the
course of arguments, Aries also sought to claim, as an alternative, punitive,
exemplary or aggravated damages. The hearing continued on the basis that I was
to rule also on those damages. On 7 February 2017, I decided that Aries was
not entitled to claim an account of profits from ViewQwest nor an order for
ViewQwest to disgorge its profits from the use of the equipment. I also
decided that Aries was not entitled to punitive, exemplary or aggravated
damages. I have referred to this as the 7 February 2017 Order. My decision
meant that Aries was entitled only to ordinary damages. I then gave directions
for the assessment of such damages including the filing of pleadings and
affidavits of evidence-in-chief.

7 However, on 23 February 2017, Aries filed a notice of appeal to the Court of
Appeal against the 7 February 2017 Order.

8 ViewQwest then took the position that Aries required leave to appeal whereas
Aries took the opposite position. Eventually Aries filed Summons 974 for the
court to determine whether Aries’ intended appeal required the leave of the
court and, if so, whether such leave would be granted. As mentioned above,
Aries was successful in that application.

Reasons of the court

9 As stated at [11] of Dorsey James Michael v World Sports Group Pte Ltd
[2013] 3 SLR 354 (“Dorsey”), any judgment or order of the High Court is
ordinarily appealable as of right. However, this is subject to any contrary
law.

10 Section 34(1)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) provides that no appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal,
“where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fourth Schedule, except in such
circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule”. It was not disputed that
the 7 February 2017 Order was not one of the orders specified in the Fourth
Schedule.

11 So, the next question was whether s 34(2)(d) of the SCJA applied. That
section states:

34.—(2) Except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal, no
appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(d) where a Judge makes an order specified in the Fifth Schedule, except in
such circumstances as may be specified in that Schedule.

12 The relevant paragraph in the Fifth Schedule was para (e). I set out below
the Fifth Schedule and para (e):

FIFTH SCHEDULE

Orders Made by Judge

  
That Are Appealable Only With Leave

Except with the leave of the High Court or the Court of Appeal, no appeal
shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

(e) where a Judge makes an order at the hearing of any interlocutory
application other than an application for any of the following matters:

(i) for summary judgment;

(ii) to set aside a default judgment;

(iii) to strike out an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by
any other originating process, a pleading or a part of a pleading;

(iv) to dismiss an action or a matter commenced by a writ of summons or by any
other originating process;

(v) for further and better particulars;

(vi) for leave to amend a pleading;

(vii) for security for costs;

(viii) for discovery or inspection of documents;

(ix) for interrogatories to be varied or withdrawn, or for leave to serve
interrogatories;

(x) for a stay of proceedings.

13 Summons 5786 was not one of the applications listed under para (e) of the
Fifth Schedule. The key question was whether the 7 February 2017 Order came
within the meaning of “an order at the hearing of an interlocutory
application” as stipulated in para (e) itself. If it did, then leave to appeal
was required. Conversely, if it did not, then no leave to appeal was required.

What constitutes “an order at the hearing of an interlocutory application”

14 In Dorsey, the question was whether an order granting leave to serve pre-
action interrogatories was a final or interlocutory order. That involved a
consideration of para (i) of the Fourth Schedule to the SCJA. Nevertheless,
Dorsey also considered para (e) of the Fifth Schedule and explained three
features of an application made under O 14 r 12 of the ROC at [80]. These
features are elaborated later at [41].

15 The Court of Appeal concluded at [85] that the reference to “order” in para
(e) of the Fifth Schedule means an interlocutory order. In other words, if an
order were a final order, then it would not come within para (e) and an appeal
to the Court of Appeal was available as of right.

16 The question then was what constitutes a final order. In Bozson v
Altrincham Urban District Council [1903] 1 KB 547 (“Bozson”), Lord Alverstone
CJ famously said (at 548):

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.

17 This has been referred to and applied in many local cases as the “order”
test or “Bozson” test. It is different from the “application” test enunciated
in Salaman v Warner [1891] 1 QB 734 at 736.

18 The “order” test or “Bozson” test was cited with approval by the Court of
Appeal in Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man [2006] 2
SLR(R) 525 (“Wellmix”). Before I continue, I should mention that in Downeredi
Works Pte Ltd v Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2009] 1 SLR(R) 1070, I considered
Wellmix to be binding on me as it is a decision of the Court of Appeal (at
[14]). However, in the light of Summons 974, I had the opportunity to reflect
on Wellmix again with the benefit of subsequent cases.

The decision in Wellmix

19 In Wellmix, the defendant had failed to comply with an order made by an
assistant registrar in time. He was late by one day. Under that order, a
judgment would be entered against him if he failed to comply with the order by
the specified deadline in the order. Consequently, pursuant to that order, the
plaintiff entered an interlocutory judgment against the defendant with damages
to be assessed. The defendant’s application to set aside the default judgment
was unsuccessful. On appeal to a judge, he was also unsuccessful. The decision
of the judge was given on 15 July 2005 (“the 15 July 2005 Order”). He then
wrote to request further arguments before the judge. The judge acceded to the
request. After hearing further arguments, the judge set aside the default
judgment unconditionally and ordered the action to be restored for trial. This
was on 23 September 2005 (“the 23 September 2005 Order”). The plaintiff then
filed a notice of appeal to the Court of Appeal against the 23 September 2005
Order.

20 The defendant then applied to strike out the notice of appeal on the ground
that under s 34(1)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed) (“1999 SCJA”), the 23 September 2005 Order was not appealable. Section
34 of the 1999 SCJA was the predecessor to s 34 of the SCJA and the terms are
different.

21 One of the questions raised by the appeal in Wellmix, and which is
pertinent for present purposes, was whether the 15 July 2005 Order was an
interlocutory or a final order. If it were a final order, the plaintiff argued
that the judge would have been precluded from hearing further arguments
because by the time the request for further arguments was made on 22 July
2005, the 15 July 2005 Order had been perfected. If it were an interlocutory
order, the defendant had seven days to request further arguments under s
34(1)(c) of the 1999 SCJA.

22 The Court of Appeal referred to Lord Alverstone CJ’s statement and said (at
[14]) that “the word ‘dispose’ must mean making a determination on the
substantive rights and, as a matter of common sense, the court can only make a
determination on the substantive rights after hearing the parties on the
merits.”

23  However, Lord Alverstone CJ did not say that “dispose” must be a
determination on the substantive rights after hearing the parties on the
merits of the case. The word “dispose” is neutral. A case may be disposed of
either on the merits or without a decision on the merits, ie, by default, for
example, for want of prosecution or for failure to comply with a procedural
rule or an order of court. It may also be disposed of after a hearing on the
merits when the parties are before the court or when, say, the defendant has
decided not to participate further in the action.

24 If an action were struck out for want of prosecution or for failure to
comply with a procedural rule or an order of court, would that not be a
disposal of the action as well? It seemed to me that the action would be at an
end whatever the reason might be for causing it to come to an end.
Furthermore, the plaintiff would be precluded from commencing another action
on the same cause of action and facts. His recourse would be to set aside the
order which dismissed the action. Likewise, if a default judgment were
granted, would that not also be a disposal of the action as well even though
there was no determination on the merits? The defendant would not be able to
resist the enforcement of the judgment until he sets it aside.

25 If there may be a disposal of the action without a determination on the
merits, then an interlocutory default judgment, whether on the merits or not,
would, in principle, be a final order.

26 Wellmix also recognised at [15] that if an interlocutory judgment on the
merits were not considered a final order, there would be problems arising from
a split hearing. It considered the example of an interlocutory judgment
obtained after a hearing in chambers on the merits. It then went on to say
that there was much force in the argument that a determination as to liability
did not finally or fully dispose of the rights of the parties where damages
are still to be assessed. That would only be a partial determination of the
rights. The determination of liability was not an end in itself. Damages were
what the plaintiff was seeking. On such a view, an interlocutory judgment
(obtained in chambers) with damages to be assessed would not be a final order
as it did not finally dispose of the rights of the parties. It was this
paragraph of Wellmix that invited further consideration.

27 At [16], Wellmix noted that an order granted in one proceeding may be
interlocutory and yet the same nature of order granted in another proceeding
may well be final. It drew a distinction between an application for discovery
made in the course of an action and a pre-action application for discovery. In
the latter situation an order for pre-action discovery would be a final order
because it would dispose of everything in the pre-action application/action.

28  I noted that Lord Alverstone CJ did not say that an order must dispose of
the entire cause of action in order to constitute a final order. True, he did
refer to the “rights” of parties in the plural but, in my view, he did not
mean by that to exclude a decision on a singular right.

29 It seemed to me that it is one thing to say that an order which disposes of
the entire action is a final order. However, it does not necessarily follow
that an order must dispose of the entire action to be considered a final
order.

30 Although Wellmix said that the determination of liability is not an end in
itself, that is precisely the purpose of an interlocutory judgment. It does
dispose of the question of liability, once and for all, between the parties.
The fact that the plaintiff is seeking damages does not negate the above
point. A decision may dispose of the substantive rights of the parties on one
issue in the main action without determining all the claims or all the heads
of damages claimed in the action.

31 Indeed, in Lim Chi Szu Margaret v Risis Pte Ltd [2006] 1 SLR(R) 300, Andrew
Phang JC (as he then was) appeared to prefer the view that an interlocutory
judgment with damages to be assessed is a final order (at [15]). He noted that
the appeals in question concerned the issue of liability alone (at [16]). I
add that that is the very nature of every appeal against an interlocutory
judgment. It would necessarily be on liability alone. Nevertheless, Wellmix
considered the view of Phang JC to be obiter and was not persuaded by such a
view (at [26]).

32 In Wellmix, the view that an interlocutory judgment is not a final order
was confined to a case where an interlocutory judgment was obtained in
chambers even after an argument on the merits. Wellmix recognised at [15] that
there was a statutory exception from the scope of s 34(1)(c) of the 1999 SCJA
for an interlocutory judgment obtained in open court.

33 However, as a matter of principle, one would be hard pressed to justify why
there should be a difference between the two. Why should an interlocutory
judgment obtained in chambers after an argument on the merits be an
interlocutory order but one obtained in open court after similar arguments be
a final order?

34 Such a dichotomy would mean that instead of seeking such a judgment in
chambers, a plaintiff should not make such an application and instead wait to
go to open court and obtain the “same” judgment. Such a resulting situation is
not logical. The same point was made by the Privy Council in the New Zealand
case of Strathmore Group Ltd v A M Fraser [1997] 2 AC 172 (“Strathmore”) at
[178].

35 Wellmix at [21] did consider Strathmore and its endorsement of Sir John
Donaldson MR’s reasoning in White v Brunton [1984] QB 570. However, Wellmix
considered that White v Brunton had been distinguished in Aberdeen Asset
Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd [2001] 3 SLR(R) 355 at [23]
(“Aberdeen”) in the context of Singapore. The point of difference noted in
Aberdeen was that in Singapore, the right of appeal against an interlocutory
order made by a judge in chambers was only qualified by the requirement to
apply for further arguments within seven days after the making of the order
and if the judge issued a certificate that he required no further argument.
However, in White v Brunton, the relevant English statute provided that there
was no right of appeal against such an order except with leave. Aberdeen was
of the view that there was nothing unjust about requiring an intended
appellant to request further arguments before filing a notice of appeal (at
[23]). It further observed that making such a request could hardly be
considered to be an onerous burden (at [24]).

36 On the other hand, one may wonder why that should be a valid reason to make
the distinction in the case of split hearings. The point is not so much
whether it would be unjust or difficult to require a request for further
arguments to be made first but whether there is a logical reason to draw such
a distinction in the first place. Furthermore, after amendments made to the
SCJA by way of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of
2010) (effective on 1 January 2011), the current situation in Singapore is
more like the one in White v Brunton than Aberdeen. In the case of an
interlocutory order, it is no longer a question of requiring a request to be
made first for further arguments but one of requiring leave to appeal.

37 I observed that Wellmix also distinguished White v Brunton because the
latter adopted the “application” test instead of the “order” test which
applies in Singapore (at [23]). I was of the view that notwithstanding this
distinction, the observation of Sir John Donaldson MR in White v Brunton (as
cited at [21] of Wellmix) is still persuasive in Singapore in the context of
split hearings.

Decisions subsequent to Wellmix

38 In The “Xin Chang Shu” [2016] 3 SLR 1195, Steven Chong J considered whether
Wellmix remains good law after the aforementioned amendments to the SCJA. He
said (at [27(b)]) that Wellmix had been cited with approval in numerous Court
of Appeal decisions handed down after such amendments including Dorsey, The
“Nasco Gem” [2014] 2 SLR 63 and Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource
Interior Pte Ltd [2015] SLR 797 (“Citiwall v Mansource”).

39 Relying on Wellmix, Chong J decided that a wrongful arrest order was an
interlocutory one for the purpose of the same para (e) of the Fifth Schedule
SCJA before this court (at [31]). It was not necessary for this court to
conclude whether Chong J’s decision was correct on the facts in the case
before him. However, I will elaborate on Dorsey, The “Nasco Gem” and Citiwall
v Mansource.

40 I noted that in Dorsey, Wellmix was cited with approval in the context of
the adoption of the Bozson test (at [29]). In so far as Dorsey referred to
[16] of Wellmix, Dorsey noted that that was dicta (at [63]). In any event,
[16] of Wellmix states that an order for pre-action discovery is a final order
because it disposes of everything in the pre-action application. That was not
the controversy before me. Dorsey did not cite [15] of Wellmix which, I
suggest, is also dicta. Chong J in The “Xin Chang Shu” at [25]–[26] similarly
considered [15] of Wellmix to be dicta. It is that paragraph which suggests
that an interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed is not a final
order. However, the second feature of an O 14 r 12 application, as explained
in Dorsey and elaborated below by this court, suggests that [15] of Wellmix
need not be followed.

41 As alluded to above, Dorsey explained three features of an application made
under O 14 r 12 of the ROC at [80] as follows:

Three features of an application made under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court
are pertinent. First, such an application, being made in the course of
proceedings, would be an interlocutory application for the purposes of para
(e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA. Second, the application could result in
the making of a final order, in that in so far as the court may dismiss the
action or cause judgment to be entered, such an order would be one that
finally disposes of the substantive rights of the parties. Third, applications
under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court are not expressly excepted from the
requirement of leave under para (e) of the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA.

42 The second feature mentioned in Dorsey was that such an application could
result in the making of a final order in that the court may cause judgment to
be entered. Such an order would be one that finally disposes of the
substantive rights of the parties. I add that this would be in respect of the
liability issue. There was no suggestion that the “judgment” mentioned in the
second feature could not include an interlocutory judgment. Indeed, where
damages have to be assessed in any event, the purpose of an O 14 r 12
application may well be to obtain an interlocutory judgment. To that extent,
it seemed to me that Dorsey appeared to have implicitly departed from part of
the decision in Wellmix so that an interlocutory judgment on the merits
obtained in chambers would be a final order for the purpose of s 34(2)(d)
SCJA.

43 I was mindful that in the case before me, I had already granted
interlocutory judgment to Aries on 11 October 2016 (see [4] above). For the
purpose of Summons 5786, I had effectively dismissed certain heads of damages
claimed by Aries under the 7 February 2017 Order. Nevertheless, I was of the
view that the second feature in Dorsey still applied in principle to the 7
February 2017 Order.

44 It also seemed to me that the second feature discussed in Dorsey about the
dismissal of an action or a judgment being entered was mentioned in the
context of an action with a single cause of action and a single relief
claimed. That was an illustration only. In the context of multiple causes of
action, the causes of action may actually be based on different facts,
although the background facts may be the same. Hence, a plaintiff may claim
various breaches of the same contract and the breaches may be quite different
in nature. A plaintiff could also claim various heads of damages arising from
the same breach.

45 For such cases, I was of the view that a decision which affects the
substantive rights of the parties on an issue in the action is still a final
order even if it does not dismiss the entire action or cause judgment to be
entered. For example, if the court were to rule under O 14 r 12 that a cause
of action was time-barred, that would be a final order in respect of that
cause of action even though the rest of the causes of action might proceed to
trial. The substantive rights of the parties would have been finally disposed
of as regards that substantive issue.

46 Indeed, the words of O 14 r 12 are not confined to a situation where the
determination of a question of law or construction of any document will fully
determine the entire action. Order 14 r 12 states:

12.—(1) The Court may, upon the application of a party or of its own motion,
determine any question of law or construction of any document arising in any
cause or matter where it appears to the Court that —

(a) such question is suitable for determination without a full trial of the
action; and

(b) such determination will fully determine (subject only to any possible
appeal) the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein.

(2) Upon such determination, the Court may dismiss the cause or matter or make
such order or judgment as it thinks just.

[emphasis added]

As can be seen, O 14 r 12(1)(b) refers to a situation where such determination
will fully determine the entire cause or matter or any claim or issue therein.
Accordingly, not every order made on an O 14 r 12 application will fully
determine the entire cause or matter. It may well determine only a single
substantive issue in the action.

47 The question then is whether a distinction is to be drawn between an order
made under O 14 r 12 which determines the entire action and one which
determines a substantive issue in the action. In my view, both constitute
final orders. A decision that finally disposes of the substantive rights of
the parties on an issue in the action need not be one that affects the entire
action.

48 This analysis may be supported by an earlier decision of the Court of
Appeal in OpenNet Pte Ltd v Info-Communications Development Authority of
Singapore [2013] 2 SLR 880 (“OpenNet”). As noted in Dorsey at [90], the court
in OpenNet had decided that an order was final in the sense that it
effectively disposed of a party’s substantive claim to relief (see OpenNet at
[18]). It was not suggested there that the decision must also dispose of the
entire action.

49 As a matter of principle, there seems to be no difference between an order
which dismisses an entire action and one which dismisses a particular claim
but not the entire action for the purpose of determining whether an order is a
final order. Each is a final order because it finally disposes of a
substantive issue in the action between the parties.

50 It also bears mention that the legislative purpose underlying s 34(2)(d)
and the Fifth Schedule to the SCJA was to restrict the proliferation of
appeals to the Court of Appeal only where no substantive right was in issue.
Accordingly, an automatic right of appeal where a substantive right is
disposed of is consistent with that purpose.

51 The legislative scheme under s 34, read with the Fourth and Fifth Schedules
to the SCJA, was explained by the-then Senior Minister of State for Law,
Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee (“the Minister”) in the Second Reading of the
Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (18 October 2010) vol 87 at col 1368). The Minister
said:

Given that interlocutory applications involve procedural points that do not
usually affect the substantive rights of the parties and are not likely to
involve novel points of law, it is an unproductive use of resources for all
such applications to go up to the Court of Appeal, especially when the High
Court already serves as one level against the Registrar who first hears the
application.

Clause 9 therefore amends section 34 to streamline and restrict appeals to the
Court of Appeal on interlocutory matters. Interlocutory applications will now
be categorised based on their importance to the substantive outcome of the
case. With this calibrated approach, some interlocutory orders will not be
allowed to go to the Court of Appeal, whilst others can only go to the Court
of Appeal with the permission of the High Court … The right to appeal all the
way to the Court of Appeal will, however, remain for interlocutory
applications that could affect the final outcome of the case. The types of
orders in the three categories are set out in the Fourth and Fifth Schedules
to the Bill.

[emphasis added]

52 The first paragraph of the above passages mentioned the substantive rights
of the parties.

53 While the second paragraph referred to “their importance to the substantive
outcome of the case” and “the final outcome of the case”, it seemed to me that
these phrases did not necessarily mean that an order must dispose of the
entire cause of action before it can be a final order. An order deciding a
substantive issue in the action will also be of “importance to the substantive
outcome of the case” and “could affect the final outcome of the case”.
Furthermore, it is unclear whether the Minister had in mind cases with
multiple causes of action and multiple heads of damages. In my view,
Parliament intended to preserve the right of appeal whenever the substantive
right of a party is disposed of and the view that an order dismissing a claim
for one head of damage is a final order does not contravene the purpose of the
legislative scheme.

54 On the contrary, if such an order were to be considered to be an
interlocutory order, then inconsistency, injustice and wastage of time and
costs may well result, as explained in Strathmore and cited in Wellmix at
[18].

55 A recent local case is perhaps an even better illustration in the context
of the facts before this court. I refer to ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and
others in Suit 467 of 2012. There, the plaintiff, ACB had undergone an In-
Vitro Fertilisation procedure to achieve a successful pregnancy. Unfortunately
her egg was mistakenly fertilised with the sperm of a male person other than
the sperm of her husband. The mistake was discovered after the birth of her
child. ACB sued the defendants for negligence (and the third defendant for
breach of contract as well). The plaintiff claimed general damages to be
assessed and special damages.

56 On 14 August 2014, ACB obtained interlocutory judgment against all four
defendants with damages to be assessed.

57 On 28 August 2014, ACB filed Summons 4264 of 2014 which was an application
under O 33 r 2 of the ROC for a preliminary issue to be tried, namely, whether
ACB was entitled in law to claim various heads of damages which were
collectively referred to as “the Upkeep Claim”. This item was part of other
damages claimed by her.

58 The application was heard in chambers. After hearing arguments, Choo Han
Teck J decided that ACB was not entitled in law to make the Upkeep Claim.

59 ACB then appealed to the Court of Appeal which recently released its
judgment (see ACB v Thomson Medical Pte Ltd and three ors [2017] SGCA 20). The
Court of Appeal decided that ACB was not entitled to make the Upkeep Claim but
could claim for loss of “genetic affinity” (at [135]).

60 For present purposes, the point is that ACB filed her appeal to the Court
of Appeal without applying for leave to do so. Apparently, there was no
suggestion that leave was required.

61 Although there are differences between an application made under O 14 r 12
and one made under O 33 r 2, the differences are not material for present
purposes. Indeed I suggest that Aries could have made its application under O
33 r 2 and likewise ACB could have made her application under O 14 r 12.

62 If the decision of Choo J were not appealable as of right, ACB would have
been deterred from making the application. She would then have spent time and
costs to prove the expenses at the hearing of the assessment of damages only
to find that such a claim is not maintainable at law. The fact that she may
still be required to prove such expenses as part of a claim for loss of
“genetic affinity” is a separate point. The point is that she was not required
to adduce evidence to prove a claim which may not be maintainable in law until
the question of law was determined.

63 Thus, if there had been no application under O 14 r 12, ViewQwest would
have had to give evidence of the profits it made pursuant to Aries’ claim but
all that evidence and cross-examination thereon would have come to naught if
the court were to dismiss Aries’ claim for an account of profits or
disgorgement of profits. Furthermore, ViewQwest would already have revealed
the profits it made, which is sensitive information, only to find that it need
not have done so.

64 In addition, if Aries were required to obtain leave to appeal against the 7
February 2017 Order and such leave were denied, it would then be in a
quandary. It would be too late for Aries to wait till the subsequent
assessment of damages to be concluded to appeal against the 7 February 2017
Order as that order would have circumscribed the perimeters of the assessment
hearing. Under that order, ViewQwest would not have to adduce evidence about
its profits at the assessment hearing since this court had determined that
Aries was not entitled to the reliefs in question. Furthermore, if Aries were
to wait till after the conclusion of the assessment hearing to appeal, Aries
would also have been met by the argument that the issue was res judicata.

65 While it is unlikely that leave to appeal would have been refused, if leave
were required, that is not the point. Aries should not be required to obtain
leave in the first place. Furthermore, if Aries were required to apply to
obtain leave, it would have exceeded the time to do so. Again, the point is
not whether an application for an extension of time was likely to be granted.
Aries should not have to face the prospect that it might not be granted.

66 After Dorsey, the Court of Appeal again considered the question of what
constitutes a final order in The “Nasco Gem”. There, an application to set
aside a warrant of arrest was dismissed. A question arose whether that
dismissal order was an interlocutory one or a final one. Unsurprisingly, the
Court of Appeal decided that it was an interlocutory order.

67 The “Nasco Gem” considered the tests enunciated in OpenNet and in Dorsey.
At [9], The “Nasco Gem” summarised the reasons in OpenNet in various sub-
paragraphs. At sub-paragraph (c), it referred to [15] and [18] of OpenNet to
the effect that an appeal would generally be as of right if the order made at
an interlocutory application had the effect of finally disposing of the
substantive rights of the parties. Again, the focus was on the substantive
rights of the parties and not putting an end to the entire action.

68 At [11], The “Nasco Gem” also cited with apparent approval, [90] of Dorsey
which in turn referred to [18] of OpenNet. I have already mentioned this above
at [48]. At [13], it noted that Dorsey had referred to Wellmix, which in turn
cited Lord Alverstone CJ’s statement with approval. However, in the subsequent
portion of [13], The “Nasco Gem” also noted that [16] of Wellmix, as cited in
Dorsey at [63], was in fact dicta. This I have mentioned above at [40].

69 I turn now to consider Citiwall v Mansource. An adjudication determination
(“the AD”) was issued in favour of Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd (“Citiwall”)
which then filed an originating summons seeking leave to enforce the AD. It
obtained the leave (“the Leave Order”) and went on to enter judgment requiring
Mansource Interior Pte Ltd (“Mansource”) to make payment (“the Judgment”).
Mansource then applied to the High Court to set aside the AD, the Leave Order
and the Judgment. It failed at first instance before an assistant registrar
but was successful in its appeal to a judicial commissioner (“the Judge”).
Citiwall then filed a notice of appeal to the Court of Appeal and filed its
solicitors’ certificate that it had furnished an undertaking to hold $15,000
as security for Mansource’s costs of that appeal.

70 One of the issues was whether Citiwall’s appeal should be struck out
because it furnished $15,000, instead of $20,000, as security for Mansource’s
costs of the appeal. Under certain practice directions, $15,000 was required
as security for appeals against interlocutory orders and $20,000 was required
as security for all other appeals.

71 The question then was whether the decision of the Judge was an
interlocutory order or a final one. The Court of Appeal decided that once the
Judge had set aside the AD, the Leave Order and the Judgment, his order was a
final order because there was nothing further for the court to deal with.
Therefore, Citiwall should have provided $20,000 as security for Mansource’s
costs of the appeal. However, as this was an irregularity, Citiwall was given
seven days to furnish the additional $5,000 as security (at [96]–[97]).

72 In discussing the meaning of a final order, the Court of Appeal cited [15],
[16] and [20] of Wellmix with apparent approval (at [92]–[94]). However, it
did not discuss the views expressed in Dorsey on an application made under O
14 r 12.

73 It seemed to me that the facts in Wellmix and in the abovementioned cases
decided by the Court of Appeal were different from those before me. None of
them involved a case where an order was in fact made on an application under O
14 r 12. The facts in Dorsey were also different although the Court of Appeal
there went further to set out guidelines using the example of an application
made under O 14 r 12. As elaborated above at [42]–[45], its guidelines appear
to favour the view that an order made under O 14 r 12 is final if it
effectively disposes of a party’s substantive claim in the main action, ie, it
does not have to dispose of the entire action.

74 For the reasons I have mentioned, that was also the conclusion I reached.

Whether an extension in time to file an application for leave to appeal ought
to be granted

75 However, if I were wrong and leave to appeal was required, I informed
parties that I would have granted Aries the alternative prayers of Summons
974, ie, an extension of time to file that application and leave to Aries to
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

76 An extension of time was necessary since the application for leave to
appeal would have had to be filed within seven days from the 7 February 2017
Order (see O 56 r 3(1) of the ROC). Summons 974 was only filed on 2 March
2017. This was because Aries’ solicitors had thought that there was no need to
seek leave to appeal until ViewQwest’s solicitors objected to the filing of
the notice of appeal.

77 The four factors to be considered for an extension of time to appeal are:

(a) the length of the delay;

(b) the reason for the delay;

(c) the chances of the intended appellant’s appeal succeeding on the merits,
if extension of time were granted; and

(d) the degree of prejudice to the intended respondent, if extension of time
were granted.

These factors can be found, for example, in the Court of Appeal decision of
Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd v Hwang Jae Woo [2011] 2 SLR 196 at [29]. However,
in applying the four factors mentioned above, the overall question is where
the justice of the case lies.

78 It is not necessary for me to address each of the above factors one at a
time. Suffice it for me to say that it was clear to this court that the
justice of the case lay in granting an extension of time. It was quite
understandable why Aries’ solicitors were of the view that no leave to appeal
was required and they acted reasonably promptly after the dispute arose by
writing in for a clarification first and then filing Summons 974 pursuant to
the court’s direction to do so. The question whether they should have filed an
application immediately instead of writing to the Registrar first to seek a
clarification from the court is not material in the present circumstances and
I will not say any more about it.

79 Even though I could not say that there was a high chance of success in
Aries’ appeal, it was also not obviously unmeritorious. At the end of the day,
Aries should not be denied a chance to appeal when its substantive right had
been disposed of against it.

Whether leave to appeal should be granted

80 As regards the question whether leave to appeal should be granted, it was
not disputed that generally speaking, leave to appeal will be granted in one
of three situations (see Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong [1997] 2 SLR(R) 862
(“LKY v Tang”) at [16]):

(a) a prima facie case of error;

(b) a question of general principle decided for the first time; or

(c) a question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

81 I agreed with ViewQwest that Aries did not show any prima facie case of
error. Neither did it establish either the second or third situation. The 7
February 2017 Order was given after applying legal principles to the facts.
Nevertheless, as the 7 February 2017 Order did affect the substantive rights
of the parties (unlike the facts in LKY v Tang which concerned the question of
costs), I was of the view that leave to appeal should be granted to Aries, if
leave was required.

82 I will deliver separate grounds of decision on the merits of Aries’ claim
for the reliefs in question.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Troy Yeo (Chye Legal Practice) for the applicant/plaintiff;

John Sze and Nicola Loh (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
respondent/defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

