Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE high Court OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2017] SGHC 257

  
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9253 of 2016

Between

LIEW ZHENG YANG

… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR

… Respondent

eX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liew Zheng Yang

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 257

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9253 of 2016  
Steven Chong JA  
13 October 2017

Steven Chong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 In Liew Zheng Yang v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGHC 157 (“the Judgment”), I
allowed the appeal by the appellant, Liew Zheng Yang (“Liew”), against his
conviction of two charges of abetting in a conspiracy to traffic controlled
drugs under s 5(2) and s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the MDA”), read with s 107(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(collectively, “the Conspiracy Charges”). I set aside his conviction for the
Conspiracy Charges, and convicted him on two reduced charges of attempted
possession of the same drugs under ss 8(a) and 12 of the MDA (“the Attempted
Possession Charges”). The drugs in question were 34.53 grams of cannabis and
68.21 grams of cannabis mixture, for the first and second charges
respectively.

2 The present matter concerns the sentences to be imposed in respect of the
Attempted Possession Charges. In the course of this judgment, I will also
address a new sentencing framework proposed by the Prosecution for the offence
of drug possession.

3 Liew had also pleaded guilty to one charge of consumption of a cannabinol
derivative under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA (“the Consumption Charge”). The
district judge sentenced Liew to six months’ imprisonment for the Consumption
Charge, and Liew did not appeal against this sentence. Subsequently, after the
Judgment was delivered, Liew brought Criminal Motion No 32 of 2017 (“CM
32/2017”) to seek an extension of time to file a notice of appeal against the
sentence imposed for the Consumption Charge. I heard and dismissed CM 32/2017
on 19 September 2017, and stayed the execution of the sentence pending the
determination of the sentences for the Attempted Possession Charges. Given
that Liew has been convicted of three charges, the sentences for at least two
of these charges must run consecutively: s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed).

Parties’ submissions

4 Parties are in agreement that the sentences for the Attempted Possession
Charges should run consecutively with the sentence for the Consumption Charge.
They differ, however, on the appropriate sentence for the Attempted Possession
Charges.

5 Liew’s counsel, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”), submits that a
sentence of no more than 12 months’ imprisonment should be imposed for each of
the Attempted Possession Charges. This will result in a global sentence of no
more than 18 months’ imprisonment. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Liew’s sentencing submissions at [39].

6 The Prosecution, on the other hand, proposes the following indicative
starting points for sentencing first-time offenders of drug possession
involving cannabis and cannabis mixture (“the Indicative Table”): 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at [18].

Cannabis| Cannabis Mixture| Imprisonment  
---|---|---  
Up to 15g| Up to 30g| 6–18 months  
15–165g | 30-–330g| 18 months-–3 years  
165–330g| 330–660g| 3–5 years  
330–500g| 660–1000g| 5–7 years  
More than 500g| More than 1000g| 7–10 years  
  
7 The indicative starting points in the Indicative Table are based on the
quantity of drugs involved. The Prosecution submits that the Indicative Table
is in line with the sentencing approach for drug trafficking offences, which
also begins with indicative starting points based on the quantity of drugs
involved, before adjusting the sentence based on the offender’s culpability
and the presence of relevant aggravating or mitigating factors: Vasentha d/o
Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 (“Vasentha”) at [44]. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at [15]–[19].

The Prosecution also relies on Public Prosecutor v Jumahat Bin Japar [2016]
SGDC 278 (“Jumahat”) as a precedent where the district judge had agreed with
similar indicative starting points in relation to the possession of
diamorphine and methamphetamine. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at [24].

8 On the basis of the Indicative Table, the Prosecution submits that Liew
should be sentenced to a term of at least 24 months’ imprisonment for each of
the Attempted Possession Charges and a global sentence of at least 30 months’
imprisonment. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s sentencing submissions at [20] and [33].

My Decision

The Indicative Table

9 In my view, it is not appropriate to adopt the indicative starting points
proposed by the Prosecution. The Court of Appeal observed in Ng Kean Meng
Terence v Public Prosecutor [2017] 2 SLR 449 at [30] that such an approach
(which was referred to as the “multiple starting points” approach) “is
suitable where the offence in question is clearly targeted at a particular
mischief which is measurable according to a single (usually quantitative)
metric that assumes primacy in the sentencing analysis” [emphasis in
original]. The offence of drug trafficking was cited by the Court of Appeal as
a “paradigmatic” example of such offences.

10 However, this does not mean that all drug-related offences are compatible
with a multiple starting points approach. In Public Prosecutor v Tan Thian
Earn [2016] 3 SLR 269, See Kee Oon JC (as he then was) expressly declined to
adopt a “multiple starting points” approach for offences under s 10A(1) of the
MDA. Section 10A(1) of the MDA proscribes the manufacture, supply, possession,
import or export of any controlled equipment, materials, or substances which
are useful for the manufacture of a controlled drug.

11 See JC explained (at [35]–[36]) that a “multiple starting points” approach
was unsuitable for s 10A(1) offences because such offences may be committed
“in a variety of circumstances and for a variety of reasons” such that “no
sensible sentencing tariffs can be promulgated” for the offence if the
culpability of the individual offender is not taken into account. See JC
distinguished s 10A(1) offences from the offence of drug trafficking, as
follows (at [36]):

… [The s 10A(1) offence] differs somewhat from the offence of trafficking,
where the range of scenarios is more restricted and therefore the use of the
quantity of drugs involved (which is the primary determinant of harm) suffices
to provide a useful starting point. …

12 Similarly, the “multiple starting points” approach is unsuitable for the
offence of drug possession. It cannot be denied that offenders who commit the
offence might do so for a variety of reasons: (a) for trafficking; (b) for own
consumption; and (c) for a purpose which is not clear on the evidence.

13 In fact, the very case which the Prosecution cited as supporting the
Indicative Table, Jumahat (see above at [7]), stated at [20] that “if the
accused had possessed the drugs for his own consumption, the figures in the
[table of proposed indicative starting points] would not apply with as much
persuasive force …”.

14 This must be correct because an offender who possesses drugs to traffic
should be punished more severely than an offender who possesses drugs for his
own consumption since in the former case, harm is caused to others while in
the latter case, harm is caused to oneself.

15 Here, because of the manner in which the Prosecution conducted its case in
the court below, in particular Liew’s unchallenged testimony that the drugs
were for his own consumption, I found that the drugs were for Liew’s own
consumption (the Judgment at [19]–[28]).

16 Therefore I would approach the sentencing of this case in the usual way by
examining the aggravating and mitigating factors which are germane to the
charge of possession for the purpose of his own consumption, keeping in mind
the existing sentencing precedents.

The appropriate term of imprisonment

17 In the context of the offence of drug consumption, the High Court in Dinesh
Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v Public Prosecutor [2005] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [38]
(“Dinesh Singh”) established a sentencing range of between six to 18 months’
imprisonment for first-time offenders. The court (at [38]–[39]) also
identified the following non-exhaustive factors as relevant in calibrating the
precise sentence for each offender:

(a) the age of the offender;

(b) the quantity of drugs involved;

(c) the circumstances that led to the consumption of drugs (eg, whether the
consumption of drugs was planned, and whether payment was made for the drugs);
and

(d) whether the offender was a first-time drug consumer, a casual consumer or
an addict.

18 The sentencing range and a number of the factors identified in Dinesh Singh
were applied recently by Sundaresh Menon CJ in the context of drug possession
in Public Prosecutor v Lim Cheng Ji Alvin [2017] SGHC 183 at [28]–[29] (“Alvin
Lim”). In Alvin Lim, the offender was charged for the possession of 0.91 grams
of cannabis mixture, which were meant for his own consumption. The offender
was originally sentenced by the district judge to probation. Upon the
prosecution’s appeal to the High Court, Menon CJ set aside the probation
order, and sentenced the offender to eight months’ imprisonment. In
determining the appropriate sentence, Menon CJ took into account the
offender’s relatively young age of 26 years old at the time of the offence and
the fact that the offender was not a one-off user of drugs.

19 Applying the factors identified in Dinesh Singh to the present case, it was
clear, as Mr Thuraisingam accepted, that the following factors were
aggravating. First, a large quantity of drugs were involved. This is a point
that I will return to later (below at [21]–[22]). Second, Liew was not a
casual or a one-off user of drugs.

20 On the other hand, Liew was a young offender, aged 22, at the time of the
offence. In addition, he has demonstrated his commitment to take
responsibility to rid himself of the drug addiction problem. He sought
treatment with a psychiatrist, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Liew’s sentencing submissions at [23].

has been drug-free in the three years since the offences and is presently
gainfully employed.

21 With these factors in mind, I turn to calibrate the precise length of
imprisonment. In my view, it would not be sufficient to compare the present
case with Dinesh Singh and Alvin Lim due to the large quantity of drugs
involved in this case. It will be recalled that Liew had attempted to possess
34.53 grams of cannabis and 68.21 grams of cannabis mixture. This was far in
excess of the amount of drugs (0.91 grams of cannabis mixture) involved in
Alvin Lim.

22 Dinesh Singh was also somewhat less relevant because the quantity of drugs
in Liew’s possession were far more than what a person could have consumed in
one session. In fact, Liew’s own evidence at trial was that he had bought the
drugs “in a huge amount” in order to “stock up and keep it at home for… [his]
own consumption” [emphasis added] (the Judgment at [19]). Bearing in mind that
Dinesh Singh was a case on drug consumption, the quantity of drugs in this
case was arguably beyond the amounts contemplated by the High Court when the
sentencing range of six to 18 months’ imprisonment was laid down. Therefore,
it was more relevant to consider precedents where the quantity of drugs
involved were similar to the present case.

23 In Public Prosecutor v Ang Wei Hsiung Kenneth [2017] SGDC 70 (“Kenneth Ang
(DC)”), the offender (“Kenneth”) pleaded guilty to two possession charges and
one consumption charge. The possessions charges related to 26.95 grams of
cannabis and 72 tablets containing Nimetazepam, a Class C drug, respectively.
Kenneth had intended to consume these drugs (at [3]). The offender was
sentenced to 24 months’ imprisonment for the cannabis possession charge and
five months’ imprisonment for Class C possession charge. These two sentences
were ordered to run consecutively, resulting in a global sentence of 29
months’ imprisonment. Kenneth appealed against the sentences imposed, and the
appeal was heard and dismissed by me in Ang Wei Hsiung Kenneth v Public
Prosecutor Magistrate’s Appeal No 9064 of 2017 (30 June 2017) (“Kenneth Ang
(HC)”).

24 The present case bore some similarities with Kenneth Ang (HC). Both Liew
and Kenneth were drug addicts who had purchased comparable quantities of drugs
for their own consumption. While the quantity of drugs that Liew had attempted
to possess was somewhat larger than the quantity of drugs that Kenneth
possessed, Liew was also considerably younger than the 38-year-old Kenneth.
Kenneth also appeared to have a more serious drug problem than Liew as he
consumed a wide variety of drugs (Kenneth Ang (DC) at [1]–[2(i)]), whereas
Liew’s involvement in drugs was confined to cannabis and its variants. On the
whole, it was appropriate to impose a sentence on Liew that was shorter than
the sentence imposed on Kenneth.

25 Taking into account the two accepted aggravating factors, that Liew was not
a one-off drug user and that the quantity of the drugs involved was large,
together with his relative young age and his commitment to take responsibility
to rid himself of his drug addiction following his conviction, as well as the
relevant sentencing benchmark, the most recent of which is Kenneth Ang (HC), I
sentence Liew to 20 months’ imprisonment for each of the Attempted Possession
Charges which is to run consecutively with the earlier 6-month sentence for
the Consumption Charge for a global sentence of 26 months’ imprisonment. The
sentence is to commence today.

Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Genevieve Pang (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP)
for the appellant;  
John Lu and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

