Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 59

Civil Appeal No 154 of 2016

Between

| GOH SENG HENG  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| LIBERTY SKY INVESTMENTS LIMITED  
---|---  
(2)| OVERSEA-CHINESE BANKING CORPORATION LTD  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Originating Summons No 509 of 2016

In the matter of Order 24, Rule 6(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, Rule 5,
2014 Rev Ed)  
---  
  
Between

| LIBERTY SKY INVESTMENTS LIMITED  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| OVERSEA-CHINESE BANKING CORPORATION LTD  
---|---  
(2)| GOH SENG HENG  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] — [Disclosure of documents]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goh Seng Heng

  
v

  

Liberty Sky Investments Ltd and another

[2017] SGCA 59

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 154 of 2016  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
17 August 2017

5 October 2017

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 In Suit No 1311 of 2015 (“the Suit”), the first respondent, Liberty Sky
Investments Limited (“LSI”) claimed that the appellant Dr Goh Seng Heng (“Dr
Goh”) had made fraudulent misrepresentations which induced LSI to enter into a
share sale and purchase agreement (“the SPA”) with Dr Goh, pursuant to which
LSI purchased shares in a company from Dr Goh for $14,422,050 (“the Sale
Price”). In the Suit, LSI sought, inter alia, rescission of the SPA and the
return of the Sale Price, which was paid into Dr Goh’s bank account (“the
Account”) with the second respondent, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd
(“OCBC”).

2 Separately, and (significantly, in our view) without informing Dr Goh, LSI
commenced Originating Summons No 509 of 2016 (“OS 509/2016”) against OCBC,
seeking disclosure of documents relating to the Account to discover if the
Sale Price remained in the Account or had been transferred to any third
parties. If the Sale Price had been transferred to third parties, LSI could
then seek recovery by asserting a proprietary claim to the Sale Price.

3 When Dr Goh found out about OS 509/2016, he successfully applied to be added
as a defendant to the proceedings. Dr Goh argued against the order sought by
LSI, while OCBC took the position that it would abide by any orders made by
the court. The High Court judge (“the Judge”) allowed LSI’s application in OS
509/2016 (see Liberty Sky Investments Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd
and another [2017] SGHC 20 (“the GD”)). The present appeal was Dr Goh’s appeal
against this decision. We allowed the appeal and now give the detailed grounds
for our decision.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

4 Dr Goh was a medical doctor with an established practice in aesthetic
medical services. He founded Aesthetic Medical Partners Pte Ltd (“AMP”), a
Singapore-incorporated company in 2008. AMP, through its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Aesthetic Medical Holdings Pte Ltd (“AMH”), operates a chain of
clinics under the PPP laser brand (“the PPP brand”). Dr Goh was the former
Managing Director of AMP and today remains a shareholder. His daughter, Dr
Michelle Goh, is also a shareholder of AMP. We refer to Dr Goh and his
daughter collectively as “the Gohs”.

5 LSI is an investment company incorporated in the Seychelles. Mdm Gong Ruilin
(“Mdm Gong”) is its shareholder and director. Mr Lin Lijun (“Mr Lin”) is Mdm
Gong’s husband (collectively, “the Lins”). The Lins are Chinese nationals
based in Shanghai. They are also the franchisees for the PPP brand in Suzhou,
China.

Background to the dispute

6 On 25 November 2014, Dr Goh and LSI entered into the SPA, under which Dr Goh
would sell 32,049 shares in AMP (representing approximately 10.6% of the
shareholding in AMP) to LSI for the Sale Price of $14,422,050.

7 LSI alleged that the SPA was entered into as a result of the following
express representations, which were fraudulently made by Dr Goh between 23
October 2014 and 25 October 2014 (see the GD at [8]):

(a) A trade sale of the shares in AMP to one Mr Peter Lim (or a company
controlled by him) was imminent and would take place within a month from 23
October 2014 (“the Trade Sale representation”).

(b) If the trade sale did not materialise, Dr Goh planned to list AMP through
an initial public offering (“IPO”) on the Singapore Exchange Mainboard. The
IPO was targeted for completion during the period from March 2015 to June
2015, and at any rate no later than 24 months after LSI acquired the AMP
shares from Dr Goh (“the IPO representation”).

(c) There were minority shareholders who could stifle the trade sale or IPO
and Dr Goh needed funding from the Lins to buy out the interests of these
minority shareholders (“the Minority Shareholders representation”).

8 We refer to these representations collectively as “the Three
Representations”. Dr Goh denied making the Three Representations, and claimed
that, in any event, he had an honest belief in the Three Representations and,
further, that LSI had not been induced to enter the SPA by the Three
Representations.

9 On 31 December 2015, LSI commenced the Suit against the Gohs. In the Suit,
LSI raised, inter alia, claims of fraudulent misrepresentation and sought the
rescission of the SPA and return of the Sale Price.

10 On 23 May 2016, LSI filed two applications. The first was Summons No 2483
of 2016 (“SUM 2483/2016”), where LSI sought Mareva injunctions against the
Gohs. The second was OS 509/2016 (which, as already mentioned, is the subject
of the present appeal). As noted above (at [2]), OS 509/2016 was an
application against OCBC to seek discovery of documents relating to the
Account. LSI neither named Dr Goh as defendant in OS 509/2016, nor informed
him of it. Subsequently, Dr Goh found out about OS 509/2016 and succeeded in
being joined as second defendant so that he could oppose it. It bears
reiterating that whilst LSI filed two applications on the same day, Dr Goh
only had notice of the first (which is not surprising since he was one of the
parties in the first application). As we shall see, this was an important
factor that we considered in relation to the issue as to whether or not LSI
had come to court with clean hands in so far as the second application (viz,
OS 509/2016) was concerned (see below at [32] and [56]−[60]).

11 On 10 November 2016, the Judge allowed SUM 2483/2016 in part, granting a
Mareva injunction against Dr Goh (“the LSI Mareva”), but not against Dr
Michelle Goh. The Judge also allowed OS 509/2016 and ordered OCBC to disclose
the documents relating to the Account. The execution of this order was stayed
pending the present appeal.

12 Dr Goh also appealed against the Judge’s decision to grant the LSI Mareva.
That is the subject of Civil Appeal No 97 of 2016, which will be heard by this
court at a later date.

The decision below

13 The Judge held that the applicable test for the grant of the order sought
by LSI was the test laid down by this court in Dorsey James Michael v World
Sport Group Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 208 (“Dorsey James” and “the Dorsey James
test”), which the Judge summarised as follows (see the GD at [20]):

First, the person from whom discovery is sought must have had been involved in
the wrongdoing, though the involvement may have been completely innocent.
Second, the applicant must be able to show a reasonable prima facie case of
wrongdoing against the person whose information or identity is sought of.
Third, the applicant must show that the disclosure sought is necessary to
enable him to take action, or at least that it is just and convenient in the
interests of justice to make the order sought. Two significant considerations
in the last factor are whether there exists an alternative and more
appropriate method to obtain the information and whether the order is
proportionate in the circumstances. [references omitted]

14 In the court below, it was not disputed by parties that the first element
was satisfied (see the GD at [25]). It was also clear that, with respect to
the second element, the relevant wrongdoing must be a cause of action that
would give LSI a proprietary claim over the Sale Price. Otherwise, LSI would
have no basis to pursue claims against third parties who have received the
Sale Price, which was LSI’s stated purpose in commencing OS 509/2016 (see
above at [2]). The Judge therefore considered the second element only in
relation to LSI’s claims of fraudulent misrepresentation, which, if proven,
may provide LSI with a proprietary claim over the Sale Price (see the GD at
[26]).

15 The Judge found that the second element was satisfied as LSI had
demonstrated a prima facie case of fraudulent misrepresentation against Dr
Goh, in respect of all the Three Representations (see the GD at [45]). In
relation to the third element, the Judge held that it was necessary, just and
convenient to order disclosure of the relevant documents from OCBC in order
for LSI to trace and follow the Sale Price (see the GD at [46]).

16 The Judge further held that OS 509/2016 was not an abuse of process,
notwithstanding the fact that it could be argued that LSI should have
commenced the application for third-party discovery as a summons in the Suit
instead, as no prejudice was caused to Dr Goh (see the GD at [51]).
Accordingly, the Judge allowed OS 509/2016. Dissatisfied, Dr Goh appealed
against the Judge’s decision.

Parties’ cases on appeal

17 On appeal, counsel for Dr Goh, Mr Adrian Tan (“Mr Tan”), contended that the
Judge had applied the wrong test. Mr Tan drew a distinction between a Norwich
Pharmacal order (“NPO”) (which can be traced to the eponymous decision of the
House of Lords in Norwich Pharmacal Co and others v Customs and Excise
Commissioners [1974] AC 133 (“Norwich Pharmacal”)) and a Bankers Trust Order
(“BTO”) (which was named after the later decision of the English Court of
Appeal in Bankers Trust Co v Shapira and others [1980] 1 WLR 1274 (“Bankers
Trust”)).

18 According to Mr Tan, an NPO was a form of pre-action discovery that was
sought for the purpose of identifying persons who were potentially liable to
the applicant. Mr Tan submitted that the Dorsey James test was the appropriate
test for the grant of an NPO (and, in this regard, we do acknowledge that
Dorsey James related to the grant of an NPO). In contrast, a BTO was not
typically a form of pre-action discovery. Instead, it was typically obtained
in conjunction with or in aid of a Mareva injunction in order to preserve or
trace an asset. Therefore, Mr Tan argued that before a BTO was granted, an
applicant would have to show:

(a) That there are good grounds for thinking that he has proprietary interests
over the asset, for example, by showing compelling evidence of fraud regarding
the asset; and

(b) That there is a risk of dissipation of the asset, and a real prospect that
the BTO will lead to the location or preservation of the asset.

19 Mr Tan further submitted that the present application involved a BTO given
that LSI’s stated purpose in pursuing the application was to trace the Sale
Price. Accordingly, he submitted that the Judge had applied the wrong test
when she applied the Dorsey James test to the present case, and failed to
consider whether there was compelling evidence of fraud and a risk of
dissipation of Dr Goh’s assets.

20 Furthermore, Mr Tan submitted that, even if the Judge had applied the
correct test, she had erred in finding that the second and third elements of
the Dorsey James test were satisfied.

21 On the other hand, counsel for LSI, Mr Harpreet Singh Nehal SC (“Mr
Singh”), argued that the Judge’s decision ought to be upheld based on the
reasons stated in the GD. Additionally, Mr Singh raised matters that occurred
after the GD was issued to bolster his case. For example, Mr Singh pointed out
that on 16 March 2017, during a hearing for a freezing order against Dr Goh’s
family members, Dr Goh’s lawyers had admitted that the Sale Price had been
used to purchase two luxurious properties in Sentosa as gifts for his
children, and for the purchase of “some yachts”.

22 Mr Singh submitted that these admissions demonstrated that Dr Goh knew
clearly where the Sale Price had gone to, and thus the disclosure order that
LSI was seeking could not be said to be oppressive. Mr Singh further
maintained that the disclosure order remained necessary, as despite these
admissions, about $4,000,000 of the Sale Price remained unaccounted for.

Our decision

Introduction

23 As noted at [17]–[19] above, the issue of the applicable test was a matter
hotly disputed on appeal. One key area of controversy was whether LSI had to
show (in the context of the present case) a reasonable prima facie case of
fraud, or had to show compelling evidence of fraud. A similar issue was also
raised before the High Court in Success Elegant Trading Ltd v La Dolce Vita
Fine Dining Co Ltd and others and another appeal [2016] 4 SLR 1392 (“La Dolce
Vita”).

24 La Dolce Vita involved two similar applications by the plaintiffs for
disclosure of the second defendant’s banking documents from two of the second
defendant’s banks. Each bank was named as the first defendant in each
application. The plaintiffs there alleged that the second defendant had made
various fraudulent misrepresentations which induced the plaintiffs into
acquiring shares in that business. In that context, parties contested whether
the plaintiffs needed only to show a reasonable case of wrongdoing to make out
a prima facie case of fraud, or had to show a “strong prima facie case of
fraud” (La Dolce Vita at [36] and [40]–[41]). Ultimately, the High Court left
this point open, as the court found that there was “sufficiently strong and
cogent evidence to establish a prima facie case of fraud” on the basis of,
inter alia, several expert reports that indicated that the business’s
financial and accounting information had been subjected to fraudulent
manipulation and overstatement (at [54] and [59]–[65]).

25 On the facts of the present case, we also did not need to decide this
point. As we proceed to explain below (at [33]–[55]), we found that LSI had
not even demonstrated a reasonable prima facie case of wrongdoing (hereafter
referred to in the context of this case as “a prima facie case of fraud”) to
begin with. Thus, even though we were of the tentative view that it may well
be too fine a line to attempt (as Mr Tan’s argument in effect suggested) to
define different degrees of a prima facie case, we need not decide this point
definitively given the facts of this particular case. At this juncture, it
suffices for us to make the following observations.

26 In attempting to buttress his arguments on this particular issue, Mr Tan
had relied on the following passage from the judgment of Lord Denning MR in
Banker’s Trust (at 1282):

This new jurisdiction [to order a BTO] must, of course, be carefully
exercised. It is a strong thing to order a bank to disclose the state of its
customer's account and the documents and correspondence relating to it. It
should only be done when there is a good ground for thinking the money in the
bank is the plaintiff's money—as, for instance, when the customer has got the
money by fraud—or other wrongdoing—and paid it into his account at the bank. …
[emphasis added]

27 Whilst the passage just quoted states that “good ground” was required, it
must nevertheless be read in context. In particular, in the sentences that
immediately follow, Lord Denning observed as follows (ibid):

… The plaintiff who has been defrauded has a right in equity to follow the
money. He is entitled, in Lord Atkin’s words, to lift the latch of the
banker’s door: see Banque Belge pour l’Etranger v Hambrouck [1921] 1 K.B. 321,
355. The customer, who has prima facie been guilty of fraud, cannot bolt the
door against him. Owing to his fraud, he is disentitled from relying on the
confidential relationship between him and the bank: see Initial Services Ltd v
Putterill [1968] 1 Q.B. 396, 405. If the plaintiff’s equity is to be of any
avail, he must be given access to the bank’s books and documents-for that is
the only way of tracing the money or of knowing what has happened to it. …
[emphasis added in bold italics and underlined bold italics]

28 The foregoing passage suggests that Lord Denning was, contrary to Mr Tan’s
submissions, applying the standard of a prima facie case of fraud, and that
Lord Denning did not intend to draw any fine distinction between a “good
ground” on the one hand and a “prima facie” case on the other. Indeed, it is
also interesting to note that Lord Denning did in fact also cite Norwich
Pharmacal (at 1281) without any substantive comment or elaboration as such
upon that case.

29 Mr Tan also relied on the following passage from the judgment of Waller LJ
in Banker’s Trust (at 1283) to suggest that compelling evidence of fraud was
required before a BTO would be granted:

Clearly it is undesirable that an order such as this should be lightly made.
But the answer to this part of Mr. Elliott’s submission, in my judgment, is
that here there is very strong evidence indeed of fraud on the part of the
other two defendants-the first and second defendants. They presented two
forged cheques, each for half a million dollars, and as a result a total of
$1,000,000 was transferred to accounts in their names or from which they would
benefit. [emphasis added]

30 However, it appears to us that, in the passage just quoted, Waller LJ was
merely making a fact-specific assessment that, in Bankers Trust, the evidence
of fraud was very strong. It does not appear that Waller LJ was purporting to
set out a general principle for future cases. This interpretation is supported
by the fact that Waller LJ had agreed with Lord Denning’s judgment (which, as
mentioned above at [28], appears to have applied the test of a prima facie
case); indeed, Waller LJ only purported to “add a word or two” about the
points made by counsel for the bank in Bankers Trust (at 1282). Viewed in this
light, Waller LJ’s judgment was of little assistance to Mr Tan’s submission.

31 Nevertheless, as stated above at [25], we did not have to decide this point
in the present case. We will render a definitive decision when the issue
arises directly for decision before this court.

32 In addition to our view that LSI had not even demonstrated a prima facie
case of fraud, we also held that it would not have been just to allow LSI’s
application. It was common ground between parties that the element of showing
that the application was “necessary, just and convenient” as established in
Dorsey James at [45] (see also above at [13]) was also an element in the
present application, regardless of whether the application was characterised
as an application for a NPO (as in Dorsey James) or as an application for a
BTO. We accepted this to be correct: given the BTO’s roots as an equitable
remedy (see Banker’s Trust at 1282, per Lord Denning MR), the court would
therefore retain the discretion to consider issues of necessity, justice and
convenience in deciding whether a BTO should be granted. In the present case,
as we go on to explain below at [56]–[60], we were of the view that it was, in
any event, not just to allow the application as LSI had not come to the court
with clean hands.

No reasonable prima facie case of fraud

33 We begin with the issue of whether there was a prima facie case of fraud.
The Judge had found that there were prima facie cases of fraud in relation to
all of the Three Representations, namely, the Trade Sale representation, the
IPO representation and Minority Shareholders representation. We will thus
examine each representation in turn.

The Trade Sale representation

34 In our view, LSI has not shown a prima facie case that the Trade Sale
representation was made. Even if it had been made, however, we were not
satisfied that there was prima facie evidence that LSI was induced by the
Trade Sale representation into entering the SPA.

35 In this regard, we considered two points to be pertinent. First, the terms
of the SPA and the date that it was entered into appeared at odds with the
Trade Sale representation. The SPA was entered into on 25 November 2014 (see
above at [6]). According to the Trade Sale representation, a trade sale of the
shares in AMP to one Mr Peter Lim (or a company controlled by him) was
imminent and would take place within a month from 23 October 2014 (see above
at [7(a)]). Thus, the one-month timeframe stated in the Trade Sale
representation had expired by the time the SPA was entered into. This strongly
suggested that the Trade Sale representation was either never made by Dr Goh,
or was no longer believed to be true by LSI by the time it entered into the
SPA.

36 In response, LSI submitted that the focus of the Trade Sale representation
was on a trade sale being imminent, rather than on the trade sale taking place
within a month from the date of the representation. However, it was not
apparent to us that LSI’s pleaded case bore such an interpretation. LSI had
pleaded that Dr Goh had told Mdm Gong on 23 October 2014 that a trade sale
“was imminent and would likely take place within one (1) month”. This
suggested to us that according to LSI’s pleadings, under the Trade Sale
representation, the claim that a trade sale was “imminent” was not merely a
general and open-ended one but had been made with a specific one-month
timeframe in mind.

37 Furthermore, even if we accepted LSI’s characterisation of the Trade Sale
representation, the representation still did not sit easily with the following
term of the SPA:

In the event there is no IPO or trade sale at the end of the 24 months from
the SPA date, [LSI] can sell the above shares back to [Dr Goh] or [AMP] with a
prior notification of 21 days, at the principle [sic] and annualized [internal
rate of return of 15% (“IRR”)] as specified above. The principle [sic] and the
IRR return are guaranteed by [AMP]. The payment and share transfer shall be
completed within 21 days. [emphasis added]

38 This term provided LSI with the option of reselling its AMP shares to Dr
Goh or AMP if no trade sale or IPO had taken place at the end of 24 months
from the date of the SPA, at the Sale Price and with an IRR of 15% guaranteed
by AMP (“the Guarantee”).

39 It seemed to us that if Dr Goh had indeed represented that a trade sale was
imminent and if LSI had indeed believed that representation, the inclusion of
the Guarantee as a term of the SPA is puzzling, to say the least. To say that
an event was “imminent” is to say that the event is both very likely to take
place, and would take place very soon. The Guarantee, however, both provided a
fairly long period of time (24 months) for a trade sale to take place, and
would only be operative if (contrary to the Trade Sale representation), the
trade sale did not take place. Thus, the presence of the Guarantee strongly
suggests that the Trade Sale representation was not made and that, even if it
was, LSI was not induced by the Trade Sale representation into entering the
SPA.

40 The second weighty factor that we took into account was that, on the
material before us, LSI did not register any protest about a lack of a trade
sale, until it sent a letter of demand to Dr Goh on 24 November 2015. In other
words, after entering into the SPA in 25 November 2014, LSI did not inquire of
Dr Goh regarding the supposedly imminent trade sale for close to a year. This
conspicuous silence from LSI strongly suggested that the Trade Sale
representation (even if made) did not induce LSI into entering the SPA.

The IPO representation

41 We now turn to the IPO representation. The IPO representation stated that
the IPO was targeted for completion around March 2015 to June 2015, and at any
rate no later than 24 months after LSI acquired the AMP shares from Dr Goh
(see above at [7(b)]).

42 However, as was the case with the Trade Sale representation (see above at
[39]–[40]), the IPO representation did not sit well with the inclusion of the
Guarantee as a term of the SPA, and there was no evidence of any protest by
LSI about the absence of an IPO until the letter of demand was sent on 24
November 2015. LSI’s silence was particularly troubling given that Mdm Gong
had become a director of AMP on 8 June 2015, ie, the final month for the IPO’s
targeted completion. It therefore seemed to us that there was insufficient
evidence, even on a prima facie standard, to establish that a representation
was made and that LSI was induced by the Trade SaleIPO representation into
entering the SPA.

43 Furthermore, there was, in our view, also no prima facie evidence of Dr
Goh’s lack of honest belief in the IPO representation. Dr Goh had appointed
financial and legal advisors, including Maybank, Clifford Chance and KPMG
(collectively, “the Advisors”), to assist in bringing about an IPO.
Nevertheless, LSI pointed out that Dr Goh’s last communication with the
Advisors was exchanged on 25 February 2014, more than seven months before Dr
Goh allegedly made the IPO representation on 23 October 2014.

44 However, this seven-month lull in activity must be viewed in the context of
parties’ focus on achieving a trade sale at that particular point in time.
Correspondence between Dr Goh and Mdm Gong on 13 January 2015 made it clear
that parties regarded a trade sale as “plan A”, and that IPO was “plan B … if
in the event that [a deal with Peter Lim] did not reach [Dr Goh’s]
satisfaction on terms and conditions”. Viewed in this light, Dr Goh’s relative
lack of activity in pursuing an IPO was not particularly surprising, nor
indicative of a lack of belief in the IPO representations.

45 Furthermore, the evidence suggested that Dr Goh had taken some steps during
that period to prepare for an IPO. On 8 December 2014, Joel Ng (“Mr Ng”), an
officer of AMP, sent an email to Dr Goh attaching a “requested draft IPO
timetable” [emphasis added] (“the Timetable”). While the email did not specify
when the request for the Timetable was made, it nevertheless suggested that Dr
Goh was still working towards an IPO during this period, despite not
corresponding with the Advisors.

46 Somewhat surprisingly, LSI relied on the same documents as evidence of Dr
Goh’s lack of belief in the IPO representation. LSI highlighted that “[the
Timetable] itself states that a listing in the Mar-Apr 2015 listing window
would be a ‘challenge’ and ‘not advisable’, and that a listing in the June to
August 2015 window was also problematic because ‘most of the institutional
investors would be away from summer holidays etc’”[emphasis in original].

47 However, we did not consider the Timetable to be evidence of Dr Goh’s lack
of honest belief in the IPO representation. To begin with, Dr Goh should not
be imputed with the knowledge of Mr Ng’s negative assessments, because Mr Ng’s
email was only sent after the IPO representation was allegedly made and also
after the SPA was entered into.

48 Furthermore, even if one were to take Mr Ng’s assessments into account, we
were of the view that LSI had been selective in its quotations from the
Timetable. LSI had failed to mention that Mr Ng had made positive
recommendations regarding the very next listing window in the period from
October to early December 2015, considering the window to be “appropriate” as
sufficient time would be given for financial statements to be audited, and
there would “be greater drive valuation” as “potential cornerstone investors
are on the lookout for deals as 2015 comes to an end”.

49 An IPO during the October to early December 2015 window would fall within
the timeframe envisaged by the IPO representation. While it would be five
months after the targeted completion of March to June 2014, it was well within
24 months after LSI acquired shares in AMP. Accordingly, we were of the view
that LSI had not shown prima facie evidence of Dr Goh’s lack of honest belief
in the alleged IPO representation. Therefore, in the circumstances, we held
that LSI had failed to demonstrate a prima facie case of fraud in respect of
the IPO representation.

The Minority Shareholders representation

50 In so far as the Minority Shareholders representation was concerned, we
were of the view that there was no prima facie evidence that the
representation had induced LSI into entering the contract.

51 At the oral hearing before us, Mr Singh accepted that LSI had entered into
the SPA in part because of AMP’s potential for a trade sale or an IPO.
However, he maintained that LSI was also induced by the Minority Shareholders
representation. He relied on the Judge’s finding (at [44]) that Mdm Gong had
“reposed a fair amount of trust in Dr Goh”. In this context, Mr Singh
submitted, the Minority Shareholders representation had created a sense of
crisis and urgency, prompting Mdm Gong to help Dr Goh and causing LSI to enter
into the SPA without conducting any substantial due diligence.

52 Mr Singh’s case implied that Mdm Gong was motivated, at least in part, by
altruistic reasons when she caused LSI to enter into the SPA. However, we
found this assertion of altruism to be inconsistent with the general tenor of
the commercial relationship between Dr Goh and Mdm Gong. Dr Goh and Mdm Gong
first met in November 2013, barely a year before the SPA was entered into in
November 2014. The circumstances of their initial meeting also indicated that
their relationship was rooted in commercial interests: the Lins were
introduced to Dr Goh by representatives of other shareholders in AMP during
the launch of the first outlet of a laser clinic under the PPP brand in
Shanghai. Subsequently, as mentioned above at [5], the Lins became franchisees
of the PPP brand and owned a laser clinic under the PPP brand in Suzhou. This
took place in or around September 2014, barely a month before the
representations were allegedly made in October 2014. In light of the
foregoing, we found, with respect, the Judge’s characterisation of the level
of trust in the relationship between Dr Goh and Mdm Gong to be somewhat
overstated.

53 We accepted that there was prima facie evidence that LSI had agreed to
forgo due diligence in the light of the circumstances stated in the Minority
Shareholders representation. However, to say that LSI was induced by the
Minority Shareholders representation to forgo due diligence, was not the same
as saying that the Minority Shareholders representation induced LSI into
entering the SPA. LSI did not gratuitously waive the need for due diligence
and proceed to enter into the SPA upon hearing the Minority Shareholders
representation. In lieu of due diligence, Dr Goh had offered the Guarantee,
and the question of who (Dr Goh or AMP) would be included as guarantor was the
subject of considerable negotiation. The negotiation took place among the Lins
and Dr Goh, as the Lins negotiated for Dr Goh to be included as a guarantor
(as opposed to AMP being the sole guarantor), but Dr Goh declined. Eventually,
LSI acceded to Dr Goh’s position in this regard and accepted the Guarantee,
which did not, however, include Dr Goh as a guarantor.

54 In addition, one must not lose sight of the fact that Mdm Gong did not
enter into the SPA in her personal capacity. Instead, she acted through LSI,
an investment company. While LSI’s structure was not disclosed, correspondence
from Mr Lin indicated that he and Mdm Gong were “investing with some of
[their] close friends”. The evidence indicated that these “close friends”
(whose identities were not disclosed) also played a significant role in LSI’s
decision-making process. When Mr Lin entered into negotiations over several
terms in the SPA (including the issue of whether Dr Goh would be providing a
guarantee, as discussed earlier), he cited the need to “make the clauses
transparent” to these close friends. Even after the SPA had been entered into
on 25 November 2014, Mdm Gong emailed Dr Goh on 7 December 2014 on behalf of
“one of [the Lins’] close friends” to confirm the effect of the Guarantee.
Such caution displayed by these “close friends” was not surprising: LSI was,
after all, an investment company, and the monies involved here – more than
$14,000,000 – were very substantial.

55 Accordingly, despite the claim that Mdm Gong was motivated by altruistic
reasons, we were not persuaded that there was prima facie evidence that LSI
was induced into entering the SPA by the Minority Shareholder representation.

LSI had not come to court with clean hands

56 As mentioned above at [2] and [10], LSI had commenced OS 509/2016 without
informing Dr Goh, despite also applying for a Mareva injunction against the
Gohs on the same day. At the oral hearing before us, Mr Singh accepted that Dr
Goh should have been notified of OS 509/2016. He also accepted that LSI’s
failure to notify Dr Goh of OS 509/2016 was a matter that the court could take
into consideration in determining whether it would be just to grant the
application in OS 509/2016. Mr Singh explained LSI’s failure to notify Dr Goh
in the following manner:

(a) First, LSI had taken out OS 509/2016 after review of the relevant legal
authorities, which did not indicate that Dr Goh had to be notified.

(b) Second, OS 509/2016 was not taken out with a view to deprive Dr Goh of a
chance to defend the application. In fact, LSI had twice requested Dr Goh’s
banking documents from Dr Goh himself, and he had rejected the request each
time.

57 Mr Singh also urged the court to take into account the fact that when Dr
Goh applied to intervene in OS 509/2016, LSI had consented to the application.

58 We did not find any of these explanations satisfactory. While Mr Singh
claimed that the decision to not notify Dr Goh of OS 509/2016 was made after a
review of the legal authorities, when asked by the court, he was unable to
point to any case where a plaintiff had made an application for a defendant’s
banking documents without informing the defendant (in circumstances where the
defendant’s identity was known and the defendant was contactable).

59 We also failed to see how Dr Goh’s rejection of LSI’s previous requests for
the same documents sought in OS 509/2016 justified LSI’s failure to notify Dr
Goh of OS 509/2016. In fact, we considered this to be, on the contrary, an
aggravating factor: it meant that LSI knew that Dr Goh would object to OS
509/2016, and yet chose to commence OS 509/2016 without informing him.
Finally, the fact that LSI consented to Dr Goh’s application to intervene
simply demonstrated how obvious it was that Dr Goh should have been notified
from the outset.

60 As it turned out, Dr Goh found out (albeit fortuitously) about OS 509/2016,
and was able to appear in court to oppose it. The point remained, however,
that LSI had commenced OS 509/2016 in a manner that plainly went against the
spirit of the law. LSI was, in essence, trying to steal a march on Dr Goh. In
view of such conduct, LSI could not be said to have come to the court with
clean hands. We thus did not consider it just to allow OS 509/2016.

Concluding remarks

61 For the foregoing reasons, we allowed the appeal and set aside the Judge’s
order in OS 509/2016.

62 We wish to remind all advocates of the importance of adhering to the spirit
of the law, and not just the letter of the law. While advocates within an
adversarial system are constrained to engage in legal combat, they are not
entitled to pursue victory at all costs, regardless of the means. They owe a
duty not only to their respective clients but also to the court; they are
officers of the court who must ensure that legal combat is engaged in
ethically and with honour at all times. In this regard, the following guidance
provided by the Lord Chief Justice Cockburn in an extra-judicial address is
instructive (see George P Costigan Jr, “The Full Remarks on Advocacy of Lord
Brougham and Lord Chief Justice Cockburn at the Dinner to M. Berryer on
November 8, 1864” (1931) 19 Cal L Rev 521 at p 523):

My noble and learned friend Lord Brougham ... said that an advocate should be
fearless in carrying out the interests of his client, but I couple that with
this qualification and this restriction, that the arms which he wields are to
be the arms of the warrior and not of the assassin. It is his duty to strive
to accomplish the interests of his clients per fas and not per nefas. It is
his duty to the utmost of his power to seek to reconcile the interests he is
bound to maintain and the duty it is incumbent upon him to discharge with the
eternal and immutable interests of truth and justice. [emphasis added]

63 First delivered in 1864, these apt and excellent observations by Cockburn
CJ have since been endorsed by the Singapore courts in a number of cases (see,
for example, Shaw & Shaw Ltd v Lim Hock Kim (No 2) [1958] MLJ 129 at 130–131;
Public Trustee and another v By Products Traders Pte Ltd and others [2005] 3
SLR(R) 449 at [31]; Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 308 at [40]; and Law Society of Singapore v Mahadevan
Lukshumayeh and others [2008] 4 SLR(R) 116 at [77]). It remains relevant, and
all advocates would do well to pay heed to such sage advice.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tan Gim Hai Adrian, Ong Pei Ching, Kenneth Chua, Yeoh Jean Wern, Lim Siok
Khoon, Goh Chee Hsien Joel and Hari Veluri (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the
appellant;  
Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Han Guangyuan Keith and Tan Tian Yi (Cavenagh Law
LLP) for the first respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

