Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 95

Suit No 651 of 2016

Between

Ong Teck Soon (executor of the estate of Ong Kim Nang, deceased)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Ong Teck Seng  
---|---  
(2)| Ong Hwe Leng  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Tort] — [Conversion]

[Restitution] — [Unjust enrichment]

[Limitation of actions] — [Particular causes of action] — [Tort]

[Civil Procedure] — [Damages] — [Interest]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Teck Soon (executor of the estate of Ong Kim Nang, deceased)

  

v

  

Ong Teck Seng and another

[2017] SGHC 95

High Court — Suit No 651 of 2016  
Steven Chong JA  
14, 15 February; 13 March 2017

5 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA:

Introduction

1 This is a claim brought by one of the two executors of the will of the late
Ong Kim Nang (“the Testator”) against the first defendant for the unauthorised
issuance of two cheques which resulted in the withdrawals of moneys from the
Testator’s OCBC Bank Account No XXX-XXXXXX-001 (“the OCBC account”). The
second defendant is the other executor of the said will (“the Will”) and was
added as a necessary party as she was unwilling to provide her consent to be
added as a plaintiff. All the parties in this action are siblings and children
of the Testator. It should be stated at the outset that there is no dispute as
regards the validity of the Will.

2 Under the Will, the Testator made specific provisions for the distribution
of his estate to his wife, Mdm Tan Ai Cheng (“Mdm Tan”), and his seven
children, including the parties to this action. In particular, he left all the
moneys in his bank accounts to Mdm Tan absolutely. The first defendant claimed
that three days before the Testator’s passing, the Testator, “in contemplation
of his impending death”, instructed him to use pre-signed cheques to draw a
cheque of $500,000 (“the gift cheque”) to himself as a gift and a further
cheque of $613,000 (“the trust cheque”) to be held on trust for Mdm Tan’s
expenses and for the upkeep of the family property at No 9 Guok Avenue,
Singapore 119639 (“the family property”). These two cheques effectively
emptied the OCBC account, save for a token balance of about $5,000.

3 The pivotal issue is whether the burden is on the first defendant to prove
that the two cheques were authorised by the Testator or on the plaintiff to
disprove otherwise. As the withdrawals were made more than six years prior to
the institution of the proceedings, there is a further question whether the
claims are time-barred in any event, which in turn depends on whether the
period of limitation should not begin to run until after discovery of the
concealed fraud, if any.

Background facts

4 The Testator passed away on 28 May 2010. Under his Will dated 28 October
2003, the Testator gave all moneys held in his thirteen bank accounts and time
deposits to Mdm Tan absolutely (subject to the right of survivorship operating
in favour of any joint account holders). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”), pp 22–23.

These moneys amounted to $2,606,077.19 in total, of which the moneys under the
gift cheque and the trust cheque comprised about half. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Ong Teck Soon (“P’s AEIC”), para 5.

5 The Testator also gave life interests in the family property to Mdm Tan and
the second defendant. Along with the first defendant’s family, they were
living in the family property at the time of the Testator’s death. The
interest in the remainder of the family property was to be divided equally
among the plaintiff, the first defendant and the Testator’s sixth child, Ong
Teck Huat. The residue of his estate, including shares in various Singapore
and Malaysia listed companies, was also to be divided equally among the
plaintiff, the first defendant and Ong Teck Huat.

6 Mdm Tan passed away on 25 November 2013. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

P’s AEIC, para 16.

Under Mdm Tan’s will, the residue of her estate (including the moneys
inherited from the Testator) is to be distributed equally among the plaintiff,
the first defendant and Ong Teck Huat. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB, pp 25–26.

It is undisputed that if the plaintiff prevails in this action, the sums will
be restored to the Testator’s estate, paid into Mdm Tan’s estate and
subsequently distributed to the beneficiaries under Mdm Tan’s will.

7 In this action, the plaintiff claims that the first defendant made
unauthorised disposals of the following assets belonging to the Testator’s
estate:

(a) The gift cheque of $500,000;

(b) The trust cheque of $613,000; and

(c) Two Rolex Oyster watches, one “half-gold” and one “full-gold” (“the two
Rolex watches”).

The two cheques

8 There is no dispute that the two cheques were drawn on the Testator’s OCBC
account on 31 May 2010. It is also not disputed that the identity of the
payees and the sums for the two cheques were filled in by the first defendant.
The gift cheque was made out as a cash cheque and was dated 25 May 2010. It
was encashed and deposited into the first defendant’s POSB Savings Account No
XXX-XXX84-0 (“the first defendant’s POSB savings account”) at first instance.
The trust cheque was made payable to Mdm Tan and was likewise dated 25 May
2010. It was initially deposited into DBS Bank Account No XXX-X-XXX320 which
was jointly held by Mdm Tan and the first defendant’s wife (“Mdm Tan’s joint
account”). On or about 9 July 2010, the sum of $615,000 was withdrawn from Mdm
Tan’s joint account and deposited into POSB Bank Account No XXX-XXX51-0
belonging to the first defendant and his wife.

9 The only disputed factual issue in relation to the two cheques is whether
the issuance of the two cheques and the withdrawals thereunder were authorised
by the Testator as claimed by the first defendant. According to the first
defendant, the Testator’s instructions were conveyed to him orally at the
hospital on 25 May 2010 and he had prepared the cheques on those instructions
in the Testator’s presence, without any other witnesses. The second defendant
claims to have no personal knowledge of the Testator’s instructions even
though she visited the Testator at the hospital daily during his last days.

10 The plaintiff commenced this suit after he discovered in November 2014 that
the moneys under both cheques had been deposited into the first defendant’s
POSB savings account and Mdm Tan’s joint account in May 2010. According to
him, he found out about the withdrawals only sometime in May 2011 when the
estate’s solicitors, Wee Swee Teow & Co, was preparing the schedule of assets
for the Testator’s estate (“the Schedule of Assets”). The matter was revisited
in 2014 when the family was preparing to apply for a grant of probate for Mdm
Tan’s estate. It was then that the plaintiff obtained images of the two
cheques upon the advice of the estate’s solicitors. It is worth noting that
this account expressly contradicts the defendants’ narrative, namely that the
first defendant had informed all his siblings of the Testator’s instructions
at the Testator’s funeral on 2 June 2010. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Reply, para 4.

More will be said about this alleged disclosure below.

Rolex watches

11 In addition to the moneys withdrawn under the two cheques, the plaintiff
also seeks delivery up of the two Rolex watches. This claim was introduced
pursuant to Amendment No 1 to the statement of claim. Under the Will, the two
Rolex watches form part of the residue of the estate which is to be
distributed equally among the plaintiff, the first defendant and Ong Teck
Huat. The first defendant accepts that prima facie, both watches belonged to
the Testator. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions (“D1 Submissions”), para 85.

The issue here is whether the two Rolex watches were gifted to the first
defendant during the Testator’s lifetime, such that the watches did not form
part of the estate at the point of the Testator’s death. This claim was
introduced late in the day because the plaintiff only learned of the first
defendant’s gift allegation on or about 24 July 2016. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Reply, para 3.

Abandoned claim for the cheque of $20,000

12 A claim for an additional cheque of $20,000 was initially pleaded but was
withdrawn by the plaintiff at the start of the trial after speaking to his
uncle, Mr Oan Chim Seng (“Mr Oan”). This cheque was payable in cash and,
according to the images of the cheque, was deposited into the first
defendant’s account. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB pp 14–15; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (“SOC-1”)), para 16.

According to the first defendant, the Testator had issued a cheque of $20,000
in April 2010 (when he was still alive) to reimburse Mr Oan in respect of his
agreed contribution for the funeral expenses of a relative in China. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Ong Teck Seng (“D1 AEIC”), paras 44–45; AEIC of Oan Chim Seng (“Oan
AEIC”), paras 4–7; NE 14/02/2017, p 38:3–8.

For some unknown reason, that cheque was dishonoured. The Testator purportedly
instructed the first defendant on 25 May 2010 to issue a fresh cheque for
$20,000 to Mr Oan to reimburse him. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

First defendant’s Defence (Amendment No 3) (“Defence-3”), para 10(j)(iii); D1
AEIC para 46.

13 It is common ground that when the first defendant allegedly prepared the
$20,000 cheque on 25 May 2010, he had intended to deposit this cheque into his
own personal account and would thereafter issue his own personal cheque to
reimburse Mr Oan for the $20,000. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 14/02/17, p 79:9–26.

From Mr Oan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), this was in fact how he
received the $20,000 – through a personal cheque issued from the first
defendant’s account. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Oan AEIC, para 8.

14 The plaintiff dropped the claim in respect of this $20,000 cheque only
after obtaining independent verification that $20,000 was in fact received by
Mr Oan. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE 14/02/17, pp 35:1–36:28.

It is necessary to emphasise that the plaintiff did not concede that the
Testator had instructed the first defendant to prepare the $20,000 cheque for
Mr Oan on 25 May 2010. This has not been suggested by the first defendant in
any event. All that the plaintiff has accepted is that $20,000 was in fact
paid to Mr Oan, and therefore this payment was legitimate.

Cause of action

15 The plaintiff’s claim in relation to the two cheques is based on the tort
of conversion and/or an action for unjust enrichment. Initially, the
plaintiff’s AEIC alleged that the issuance of the cheques was “unauthorised
and in breach of trust as pleaded” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

P’s AEIC, para 7.

and the first defendant had taken the sums of $500,000 and $613,000 out of the
Testator’s account in “breach of trust” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P’s AEIC, paras 14 and 23.

[emphasis added]. However, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Andrew Hanam,
confirmed at the start of the trial that there is in fact no pleaded claim for
breach of trust. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

NE 14/02/17, p 34:15–20.

Another allegation initially pursued for forgery of the cheques was also
abandoned after the plaintiff accepted that the signatures on the cheques were
indeed the Testator’s. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

P’s AEIC, para 7.

16 The essence of the plaintiff’s case is encapsulated in one terse pleading
in the statement of claim: “the withdrawals of monies on the [two] cheques
were made by the [first] [d]efendant and were unauthorized [sic]”. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

SOC-1, para 11.

On this basis, the plaintiff seeks “[r]estitution” of the $1,113,000 paid
under the two cheques. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

SOC-1, para 21(b).

As the Court of Appeal clarified in Alwie Handoyo v Tjong Very Sumito and
another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 308 (“Alwie Handoyo”) at [126],
restitution is a response to an event; different causes of action may give
rise to the same remedy of restitution. In this case, the remedy sought is
either for a wrong (ie, conversion) or to reverse an unjust enrichment gained
by the first defendant at the plaintiff’s expense.

17 As I have stated at the outset, the question of whether the cheques were
issued with the Testator’s authorisation is the only factual issue in dispute.
Thus, it makes sense to first address the legal significance of establishing
this fact. In other words, if the court finds that the withdrawals were not
authorised, would that be sufficient to establish the plaintiff’s claims in
conversion and/or unjust enrichment? In the course of examining this, I will
consider whether these causes of action have been sufficiently pleaded by the
plaintiff.

Conversion

18 An act of conversion occurs when there is an unauthorised dealing with the
plaintiff’s chattel so as to question or deny his title to it; the gist of the
action lies in the inconsistency between the manner of dealing by the
defendant and the plaintiff’s title: Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix
Leasing Singapore Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (“Tat Seng Machine Movers”) at
[45]. Since conversion is regarded as a wrong against the plaintiff’s
possessory title, it must be shown that the plaintiff has possession or a
right to immediate possession of the chattel: Tat Seng Machine Movers at [49],
citing The Cherry [2003] 1 SLR(R) 471 at [58]. Although the tort of conversion
principally protects rights in tangible property, there is a well-established
exception in respect of documentary intangibles and negotiable instruments
such as cheques: see Alwie Handoyo at [131].

19 In the first defendant’s closing submissions, his counsel, Mr Kasi
Ramalingam, contended that the plaintiff’s claim for conversion had not been
sufficiently pleaded. He, however, did not elaborate what was lacking in the
particulars of the pleadings. In the course of the oral closing submissions,
when probed as to what particulars were lacking beyond the pleaded fact that
the withdrawals under the two cheques were unauthorised, Mr Ramalingam
acknowledged that he was not able to identify what more the plaintiff was
required to plead in support of the claim in conversion. Eventually, Mr
Ramalingam accepted that if the withdrawals were adjudged to be unauthorised,
the claim in conversion would be made out.

20 In my judgment, the facts constituting the cause of action in conversion
have been sufficiently pleaded. The withdrawals under the two cheques without
the Testator’s authority would amount to an unauthorised dealing with the
Testator’s cheques for the purposes of a claim in conversion. There is no need
for the word “conversion” to be expressly pleaded.

21 Further, if it is proven that the Testator did not authorise the
withdrawals, the claim in conversion would be made out. In respect of the
requisite possessory title, the Testator has the right to immediate possession
of the cheques even though his cheque book was kept in the first defendant’s
custody on his behalf. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

SOC-1, para 10; D1 AEIC, paras 32–33.

The person entitled to immediate possession of a cheque, also described as the
true owner of a cheque, is the person entitled to the money represented by the
cheque or obtainable under it: Paget’s Law of Banking (Ali Malek QC & John
Odgers QC (gen eds)) (LexisNexis, 14th Ed, 2014) at para 27.4. Where a drawer
has not delivered the cheque to a payee, there is longstanding English
authority in Morison v London County and Westminster Bank, Limited [1914] 3 KB
356 (“Morison”) that the immediate right of possession to the cheque remains
with the drawer. In Morison, an agent misused his authority by fraudulently
drawing, on his principal’s account, cheques payable to his own order and
arranged for their collection to his personal account with another bank. The
English Court of Appeal found the collecting bank liable to the principal in
conversion. Lord Reading CJ found (at 364) that the “cheques were at all
times, until issued, the property of the plaintiff”, who was the “true owner”
even though the cheques “came into existence as cheques … by [the agent’s]
fraud”. Phillimore LJ likewise was of the view that the “cheques were the
plaintiff’s instruments till he chose … to issue them to some outside person”
(at 378). In the present case, the right to immediate possession to the pre-
signed cheques remains with the Testator (and correspondingly, his estate)
until such time when the cheques are issued or delivered to an authorised
payee.

22 As regards the act of conversion, a peculiarity on the facts is that the
cheques were pre-signed but had not been issued to named payees for particular
amounts until the first defendant’s interference. Hence, the purported acts of
conversion were not merely the acts of misappropriating the cheques or banking
them in to the benefit of someone other than an authorised payee; they also
consisted of inserting the face value and payees into the pre-signed cheques.
The claim thus treads a fine line between dealing with the physical cheque and
dealing with the chose in action represented thereunder. Nevertheless, as the
Court of Appeal noted in Tat Seng Machine Movers at [45], due to the
“piecemeal” development of the case law on conversion, “the acts or
circumstances which constitute, or do not constitute conversion have not been
defined with hard-edged precision”. Would the first defendant’s act in issuing
the cheques constitute an act of conversion? If a cheque can be converted by
misappropriation, there is no reason why filling in the details of a pre-
signed cheque without authorisation should not constitute an interference with
the account holder’s title to the cheque and the chose in action represented
thereunder. This act is a clear exercise of dominion over the cheque, dealing
with it as one’s own property. This is consistent with Morison where
subsequent dealings with the cheques issued without authority were found to
constitute conversion. Therefore, if it is found that the withdrawals under
both cheques were not authorised, the plaintiff’s claim in conversion would be
established.

Unjust enrichment

23 To maintain a claim in unjust enrichment, the plaintiff must show that: (a)
the first defendant has been enriched; (b) the enrichment was at the expense
of the plaintiff; (c) the enrichment was unjust; and (d) there are no defences
available to the first defendant (Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal [2011] 3 SLR 540 at [110]). It was emphasised by the Court of
Appeal in Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the
estate of Ng Hock Seng, deceased) and another [2013] 3 SLR 801 at [134] that
“there is no freestanding claim in unjust enrichment on the abstract basis
that it is ‘unjust’ for the defendant to retain the benefit – there must be a
particular recognised unjust factor or event which gives rise to a claim.” The
plaintiff did not plead any specific unjust factor underlying his claim in
unjust enrichment in his statement of claim or closing submissions. As
mentioned, the plaintiff’s case rests entirely on the pleading that the
withdrawals were unauthorised and the “monies belong to the estate”.

24 While the plaintiff’s claim is worded in terms of a lack of authority
(which was rejected as an unjust factor in Alwie Handoyo at [111]), it appears
that the essence of the claim is not that the first defendant has exceeded his
authority as an agent, but rather that the Testator’s estate has title to the
moneys withdrawn, which have been acquired by the first defendant without the
Testator’s knowledge or consent. A plausible argument could be made that the
unjust factor of ignorance or lack of consent was available on the facts. The
status of ignorance or lack of consent as an unjust factor was left open in
Anna Wee (see [139] and [166]–[168]) after the Court of Appeal noted the
academic debate surrounding its recognition. More recently, lack of consent
was applied as an unjust factor in AAHG, LLC v Hong Hin Kay Albert [2016] SGHC
274 (“Albert Hong”) at [74]–[75], thus establishing a claim for unjust of
enrichment by procuring a transfer of shares without the shareholder’s
consent. Given that the claim in conversion would be established if the
Testator had not authorised the withdrawals under the two cheques (as stated
at [20]–[22] above), it is not necessary for me to decide whether to recognise
lack of consent as an unjust factor in principle and on the facts, especially
without the benefit of full arguments from counsel on this novel issue.

25 Finally, I note in passing that in the alternative, a claim in proprietary
restitution could have been pursued, given that the plaintiff’s claim rests on
the estate’s title. The very existence of proprietary restitution as a
freestanding cause of action is a difficult and unsettled issue which was
deferred for future consideration in Alwie Handoyo (see [115]–[121]). That
having been said, this argument was not canvassed before me in this case.

Burden of proof

26 The key legal issue for determination is whether the burden is on the first
defendant to prove that (a) the first defendant’s disposal of the two cheques
was authorised by the Testator and (b) the two Rolex watches were gifts to the
first defendant, or on the plaintiff to disprove otherwise.

27 We are concerned here with the legal burden of proof, as distinct from the
evidential burden of proof. It is well established that the legal burden of
proof “describes the obligation to persuade the trier of fact that, in view of
the evidence, the fact in dispute exists”: Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith &
Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 (“Britestone”) at [58]. Once it
is established on whom this obligation rests, this obligation never shifts in
respect of any fact in the course of the trial. In contrast, the evidential
burden – the need of the party to adduce evidence to discharge his legal
burden or to prevent the other party from discharging his legal burden – may
shift from one party to the other depending on the evidence adduced by either
side: Britestone at [59] and Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation
Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at para 12.007.

28 In determining where the legal burden lies, the pleadings are invariably
the first port of call: SCT Technologies Pte Ltd v Western Copper Co Ltd
[2016] 1 SLR 1471 (“SCT Technologies”) at [17] and [21]. It is from the
pleadings that the court may glean the material facts asserted by each party
to establish its claim or defence. Sections 103 and 105 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) place the burden of proving a fact on the party who
asserts the existence of any fact in issue or relevant fact, respectively.

29 In my view, the legal burden as regards the fundamental question of whether
the withdrawals were authorised by the Testator lies squarely on the first
defendant, for the following reasons:

(a) The Testator had already made full provision in the Will for the disposal
of his assets, the particulars of which were pleaded in the statement of
claim. On the face of the gift and trust cheques, the purposes of the two
cheques were contrary to the Testator’s declared intentions under the Will. On
this basis, the plaintiff’s case is that the first defendant utilised the two
cheques to make “unauthorised withdrawals” of moneys properly belonging to the
estate.

(b) It is not in dispute that the two cheques were pre-signed by the Testator
and that the details of the cheques were filled in by the first defendant, ie,
that he dealt with the cheques by assigning their value and the destination of
the moneys paid under them. That being the case, it stands to reason that it
is for the first defendant to prove that the details which he had admittedly
filled in on the two pre-signed cheques were inserted on the express
instructions of the Testator. After all, it is the first defendant’s positive
case that the Testator did in fact give him those express instructions. A
perusal of the defence will demonstrate so, as the defence pleads: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defence-3, para 10(j).

On 25 May 2010, in contemplation of his impending death, [the Testator] orally
instructed the [first] [d]efendant, inter alia, as follows:-

i. [The Testator] asked the [first] [d]efendant to prepare a cash cheque the
sum of SGD 500,000 using one of the pre-signed cheques, being the amount that
he had always intended to give to the [first] [d]efendant when he passed away.

ii. [The Testator] also asked the [first] [d]efendant to prepare a cheque in
the sum of SGD 613,000.00 to be issued to [Mdm Tan] using one of the pre-
signed cheques. [The Testator] informed the [first] [d]efendant that this
amount was to be used for the maintenance of [Mdm Tan] and the [family
property].

…

iv. The cheques for the sum of … SGD 500,000 and SGD 613,000 were prepared by
the [first] [d]efendant using the pre-signed cheques in front of [the
Testator] at the hospital.

These are the first defendant’s positive averments to meet the plaintiff’s
claim. Since no other witness was present when the purported instructions were
given, these statements also represent facts within the first defendant’s
peculiar knowledge, the burden of which is on him to prove: s 108 of the
Evidence Act.

30 In this respect, this case is not unlike SCT Technologies which was relied
upon by the plaintiff. In SCT Technologies, the appellant sued the respondent
for repayment of debts under three invoices. In its defence, the respondent
implicitly acknowledged the existence of the debts, but pleaded discharge of
the debts by payment. Given the state of the pleadings, the respondent had the
legal burden of proving all the material facts it relied on to prove
discharge, ie, not only that moneys were paid to the appellant but also that
they were paid in order to discharge the debt on the three invoices and not
for other purposes (SCT Technologies at [22] and [31]). This was treated as a
case of “confession and avoidance”, where the defendant expressly or impliedly
“confesses” to the truth of what is alleged against him but proceeds to
“avoid” the effect of this allegation, in which case it is for the defendant
to prove the positive facts relied upon by him to “avoid” the liability (at
[23]). Similarly, the first defendant here acknowledges that he dealt with
pre-signed cheques for the Testator’s bank account but pleads that his
dealings were authorised by the Testator.

31 Consistent with the above analysis, the first defendant’s counsel accepts,
at least for the two cheques, that the legal burden rests on the first
defendant to prove on a balance of probabilities that the two cheques were in
fact authorised by the Testator through the oral instructions given prior to
his death. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

D1 Submissions, para 25.

If he fails to discharge this burden, it must follow that the first defendant
converted the two cheques. If, however, the first defendant adduces some (not
inherently incredible) evidence of the Testator’s instructions, only then
would the evidential burden shift to the plaintiff to rebut or counter the
evidence of the first defendant so as to prove that the withdrawals were
unauthorised (see Britestone at [60]).

32 I should add that since both cheques were issued on the same day and under
the same set of circumstances, it is highly improbable for the Testator to
have given instructions to the first defendant in respect of the gift cheque
but not for the trust cheque and vice versa. In short, the fates of the two
cheques are likely to stand or fall together.

33 Finally, in relation to the two Rolex watches, the plaintiff has pleaded
that the watches have been taken and retained by the first defendant “without
legal basis”. It is not denied by the first defendant that the two Rolex
watches belonged to the Testator before he took them into his possession.
Although actual possession now lies with the first defendant, it is disputed
whether the watches had been delivered by the Testator to the first defendant
prior to the Testator’s death (thus perfecting the lifetime gift) or were
surreptitiously taken by the first defendant without the Testator’s knowledge.
Since the Testator has passed on, the first defendant is better placed to lead
evidence about the circumstances of the alleged gifts to him. Hence, the
burden rests on the first defendant to prove his defence that the watches were
given to him as gifts from the Testator.

The two cheques

General observations

34 Having established the burden of proof, the question to which I now turn is
whether the first defendant has discharged the burden of proving on a balance
of probabilities that his disposal of the two cheques was authorised by the
Testator. I begin with some general observations, applicable to both cheques,
regarding the absence of witnesses and the circumstances under which the
Testator’s instructions were purportedly relayed to the family. Both these
aspects of the evidence contribute to the inherent implausibility and
unreliability of the first defendant’s case.

35 It is common ground that the alleged instructions from the Testator for
both the gift and trust cheques were not recorded in writing or witnessed by
anyone. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 88:24–89:22.

The first defendant claimed that both cheques were allegedly authorised by the
Testator during his stay in hospital. When confronted with the fact that it
was not every day that the Testator would give instructions to issue cheques
for sums in excess of $1 million and the suggestion that such instructions
should therefore be in writing, all that the first defendant could say was
that he “[never] thought of that”. Further, inconsistent with his defence
which asserts that the Testator’s instructions for the two cheques were given
“in contemplation of his impending death”, the first defendant testified
orally that the Testator was “not [in a] critical condition” and was “still
healthy” on 25 May 2010. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 90:7-21.

36 According to the first defendant, he worked at the Laguna National Golf and
Country Club at that time and would visit the Testator at the hospital after
office hours. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 89:9; 91:1–7.

The second defendant testified that she visited the Testator almost every day
after office hours during the Testator’s stay in hospital prior to his demise
and she was typically the first family member to arrive at the hospital. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 136:15–19.

The plaintiff testified that he also visited the Testator almost every day
during his hospital stay. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 46:27–28.

I find it extremely odd that neither the plaintiff nor the second defendant
personally witnessed the Testator giving such instructions to the first
defendant during his hospital stay on 25 May 2010.

37 Another significant fact is that the Testator made no mention of his
instructions to any other children despite their regular presence at the
hospital during the relevant period. The second defendant agreed under cross-
examination that throughout the Testator’s stay in hospital, the Testator
never once mentioned to her that he had given instructions to the first
defendant for the gift and trust cheques. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 136:22–29.

My impression, which is confirmed by the second defendant’s evidence, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Ong Hwe Leng (“D2 AEIC”), para 9.

is that the second defendant enjoyed a close relationship with the Testator.
If he had given those alleged instructions, particularly the instructions to
set aside a fund for the upkeep of the family property, one would reasonably
expect that he would have informed the second defendant during her regular
visits to the hospital since he had provided her with a life interest in the
family property under the Will. Likewise, I would have expected the Testator
to inform the plaintiff as the co-executor of the Will of his instructions to
the first defendant in respect of the two cheques if he had in fact given
those instructions. That none of the other children has personal knowledge of
the Testator’s directions casts serious doubt on the first defendant’s
account.

38 Prior to the cross-examination of the first defendant, both the pleadings
as well as the AEICs of the first and second defendants were conspicuously
silent as to when (if at all) the first defendant first informed his family
members that the Testator had given express instructions in respect of the two
cheques. In fact, the question arose from an observation I made during the
first defendant’s opening. If the Testator had indeed given those instructions
legitimately, it is only natural to expect the first defendant to inform his
family members at the first available opportunity.

39 Under cross-examination, the first defendant claimed for the first time
that he had informed all the family members (including the plaintiff and the
second defendant) of the Testator’s instructions for the gift and trust
cheques during the Testator’s wake on or about 1 or 2 June 2010. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 71:4–16; 72:8–12.

There are several reasons why I do not accept the first defendant’s testimony
that he did so:

(a) If the first defendant had informed the family members at the wake, this
is such a significant fact which, if true, should have found its way into both
the pleadings and the AEICs. Yet this was not deposed to in the first or
second defendant’s AEICs. The first defendant has offered no explanation for
this glaring omission.

(b) On the contrary, in the second defendant’s AEIC, she claimed instead that
she has no knowledge of the two cheques. Her purported corroboration of the
first defendant’s evidence on the witness stand 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 130:3–9.

directly contradicts her AEIC and is therefore too convenient to be true. She
was in court when I raised the question and when the first defendant testified
that he had informed his family members at the Testator’s wake.

(c) Notably, the first defendant claimed that the plaintiff was also informed
during the wake. This was never put to the plaintiff. This is because it was
only raised by the first defendant after the close of the plaintiff’s case.
The first defendant’s omission to do so is all the more stunning since it is
the plaintiff’s pleaded case that he only discovered the “fraud”, ie, the fact
of the withdrawals, in May 2011. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Supplementary AEIC of Ong Teck Soon (“P’s Supplementary AEIC”), paras 4 and 7.

The plaintiff also asserted in his supplementary AEIC that after he found out
from OCBC bank in October 2014 that the gift cheque had been deposited into
the first defendant’s POSB savings account and the trust cheque had been
deposited into Mdm Tan’s joint account, he sent an email to the second
defendant to query about the withdrawals but she did not respond. Again, this
was not challenged. The plaintiff’s query is entirely consistent with the fact
that he was evidently not aware of the two withdrawals and the subsequent
deposits prior to obtaining the cheque images from OCBC bank in October 2014.

(d) Furthermore, the first defendant’s explanation was clearly contrived,
considering the context in which he reportedly conveyed the Testator’s
instructions to his family. He claimed that the subject matter of the
withdrawals by the two cheques came up during the wake when his eldest sister
queried about the funds in the Testator’s bank account. The flaw in this is
that on that day, the latest bank statement of the Testator’s account would
not have recorded these two withdrawals. The withdrawals were only made on or
about 31 May 2010. As at 1 or 2 June 2010, the bank statement for the month of
May 2010 would not have been generated by the bank. There was therefore no
reason why anyone in the family would have raised the issue of the withdrawals
during the period of bereavement. Further, this discussion was also not stated
in the AEIC of the first or second defendant. In truth, all the family members
were kept in the dark about these two withdrawals until much later.

(e) Finally, the first defendant admitted that a copy of the Schedule of
Assets was furnished to him after the grant of probate was extracted in or
about June 2011. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

D1 AEIC, para 42; NE 14/02/2017, pp 101:29–102:14.

This was more than a year after the alleged disclosure to the family members
at the wake. On the face of the Schedule of Assets, the moneys withdrawn under
both the gift and trust cheques were still reflected as part of the Testator’s
estate. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

P’s AEIC, p 19.

If the first defendant is to be believed, he would have reacted to the
Schedule of Assets to highlight the error. Yet he did not do so. He claimed he
did not read it carefully. This demonstrates two points. First, the plaintiff
clearly did not know how the first defendant had dealt with the moneys under
the two cheques when the Schedule of Assets was prepared, ie, as of June 2011.
Second, it proves that the first defendant could not have informed his family
members, including the plaintiff, about the Testator’s instructions in
relation to the two cheques at the wake as he had claimed.

40 Once the first defendant’s account of informing his family members of the
Testator’s instructions for the two cheques is rejected, it follows that the
first time the first defendant claimed that the two cheques were expressly
authorised by the Testator was after the commencement of the proceedings. It
is incongruous for the first defendant to have withheld the information as
regards the purposes of the two cheques if they were indeed issued on the
express instructions of the Testator. The irresistible inference is that the
first defendant had concealed the two withdrawals in the hope that he would
get away with it. This explains why the alleged authorisation of the two
cheques by the Testator only surfaced after the commencement of the
proceedings.

41 This attempt by the first defendant to conceal the two withdrawals is
supported by the manner in which the cheque payments were recorded. In the
cheque book, the payee for both cheques was recorded as Mdm Tan – “[t]o bank
into Tan Ai Cheng account”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P’s AEIC, p 28.

This is patently false because the gift cheque was made out to “Cash” and
subsequently deposited into the first defendant’s personal account. Under
cross-examination, the first defendant claimed that Mdm Tan was recorded as
payee only for the trust cheque and the payee details recorded for the trust
cheque simply overran to the next row. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 114:1–24.

This is contrived because the symbol “}” next to both cheque numbers clearly
indicated that the payee details were meant to apply to both cheques. If the
first defendant’s explanation is to be believed, it would mean that no details
were recorded for the gift cheque, which appears to be out of the ordinary
practice for cheques drawn on the Testator’s account, all of which always
stated the identity of the payee for each cheque. The first defendant’s
explanation is false and it is to be inferred that the payee in the cheque
book was recorded as Mdm Tan in order to mask the true purposes of the two
cheques.

42 In examining the inherent unreliability of the first defendant’s evidence,
it is important to emphasise that such last minute withdrawals from the
Testator’s account were likely to be challenged or at least controversial. It
is unbelievable that the first defendant would not have wanted anyone to
witness such instructions from the Testator. This is especially glaring as the
family members, including the plaintiff and the second defendant, visited the
Testator almost every day during his hospital stay. The fact that the first
defendant did not inform any of his family members of the Testator’s alleged
instructions prior to the proceedings is consistent with the true position
that no such instructions were ever given by the Testator and the first
defendant had fabricated the purported disclosure at the wake in order to
legitimise his unauthorised withdrawals. Having made these general
observations, I turn my attention to deal with the material facts peculiar to
each of the two cheques.

Gift cheque

43 The first defendant’s case is that the Testator had “always intended” to
give him the sum of $500,000 when he passed on, and the gift cheque was a
fulfilment of that intention. Ironically, he seeks to rely on the plaintiff’s
evidence to support his case that the Testator had manifested such an
intention. In his AEIC, the plaintiff stated that some years before the
Testator’s passing, he found a bag of cash in excess of $1 million hidden in
the false ceiling of the family property. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P’s AEIC, para 8.

Under cross-examination, he agreed that this incident would have occurred
sometime between 1992 and 1994 while both the Testator and the plaintiff were
living in the family property. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 17:23–18:6; 18:30–19:1.

The discovery was made while the plaintiff was repairing the water heater. He
claimed that from the discovered cash, the Testator gave the plaintiff and the
first defendant $500,000 each and since the first defendant had already
received $500,000 from the Testator prior to making his Will in 2003, there
was no reason for the Testator to give the first defendant a further $500,000
three days before his passing, especially since he had made specific provision
in the Will to leave the money to Mdm Tan.

44 The plaintiff testified that he had accompanied the Testator, Mdm Tan and
the first defendant to UOB bank to deposit the cash. Subsequently, the
plaintiff arranged for a banker from Citibank to visit the family property to
discuss the management of the Testator’s funds which were then placed into
several joint accounts with Citibank. On that occasion, $500,000 was
transferred into a joint account between the plaintiff and the Testator. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 13:1-17.

The plaintiff claimed that $500,000 was also deposited into another joint
account between the Testator and the first defendant. While the plaintiff was
able to identify his joint account with the Testator into which his share of
$500,000 was deposited, he acknowledged that he was unable to identify the
joint account of the Testator with the first defendant or confirm whether the
sum of $500,000 was ever deposited into any such joint account. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 13:18–23; 14:6–8; 16:1-3; 20:22–21:9.

45 In my view, while it is inconclusive whether the Testator had deposited
$500,000 from the discovered cash into a joint account of the Testator and the
first defendant, it should be highlighted that the plaintiff’s evidence as
regards the discovery of the cash, the deposit of the cash with UOB, the
opening of several Citibank accounts or his receipt of $500,000 from the
Testator was never challenged by the first or second defendant. My impression
is that the plaintiff was truthful on these points. He had no reason to
conjure up this episode.

46 Having said that, ultimately the plaintiff’s account of this episode is not
material to the issues before this court. Specifically, it does not assist the
first defendant in the discharge of his burden of proof at all. The first
defendant relies on it to substantiate the fact that the Testator had intended
to give $500,000 to the first defendant. First, it is incorrect that the
plaintiff had accepted that it was the Testator’s intention to give the first
defendant a sum of $500,000. All that he stated in his AEIC was that the
Testator had, as a matter of fact, given the first defendant a sum of
$500,000. He was repeatedly cross-examined on this point by Mr Ramalingam and
he maintained his position consistently that he was not aware that the
Testator had such an intention “but the fact is he [the first defendant] had
already got the $500,000” [emphasis added]. If a person expresses an intention
to give another person a sum of money, normally such an intention will be
carried out at a subsequent point in time. Here, the plaintiff merely stated
that from the discovered cash, the Testator gave him and the first defendant
$500,000 each.

47 Second, even if the Testator had intended to give the first defendant a sum
of $500,000, whether for business or share trading (as contended), 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

D1 AEIC, paras 50–51 and 59.

it does not prove that the Testator had in fact given the express
authorisation for the two cheques on 25 May 2010 – a lapse of almost 20 years
between the discovery of the cash and the alleged authorisation by the
Testator. Third, it is not disputed that the Testator did indeed open several
bank accounts with the first defendant and/or his wife in which a total sum of
about $1.4 million was deposited: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

P’s AEIC, paras 5 and 9.

S/N| Account| Joint account holders  
(besides Testator)| Amount  
---|---|---|---  
1| Maybank XXXXXXXX705| First defendant’s wife| $423,789.62  
2| MaybankXXXXXXXX751| First defendant| $107,989.52  
3| MaybankXXXXXXXX959| First defendant| $50,000.00  
4| MaybankXXXXXXXX972| First defendant| $79,000.00  
5| MaybankXXXXXXXX989| First defendant| $60,000.00  
6| MaybankXXXXXXXX749| First defendant’s wife| $333,856.38  
7| MaybankXXXXXXXX824| Mdm TanFirst defendant| $340,229.65  
8| CitibankX-XXXXXX-028| First defendant| $0.00  
  
The funds in the joint accounts were vested in the first defendant or his wife
pursuant to the right of survivorship. It is common ground that most of the
funds in these joint accounts came from the Testator. The first defendant
testified that these accounts contained “part of [his] money inside, and [his]
wife’s money”, but agreed that the “bulk” and “majority of the money” was
given to them by the Testator to invest in shares and their business. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 75:30–77:9.

In response to a question from the court as to whether it is possible that the
$500,000 which the Testator had purportedly intended to give to the first
defendant was already deposited into one of these joint accounts, he did not
directly address the question and instead gave a most unconvincing explanation
that the Testator “mentioned … that … he want[ed] to give it”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 104:23–105:3.

48 In deciding whether the first defendant has discharged his burden of proof,
it is necessary and most relevant to examine the circumstances at the time
when the authorisation was allegedly given by the Testator, ie, 25 May 2010.
Once the inquiry is focused on this relevant time frame, it will be apparent
that the first defendant is way off the mark.

49 If the gift cheque was intended as a gift to the first defendant, there is
no conceivable reason why the cheque was made out to “Cash”. If the Testator
had given the alleged gift instructions, there is every reason for the first
defendant, who was the person who actually filled in the cheque details, to
insert his own name as the payee. This is especially so since it was the first
defendant’s intention to deposit the gift cheque into his own personal
account, as he in fact did. Second, there is also no plausible reason for the
first defendant to have recorded the payee for this gift cheque as Mdm Tan, if
the cheque was intended as a gift to himself. These two steps by the first
defendant, ie, the issuing of the cash cheque and the false entry in the
cheque book, were clearly intended to conceal the unauthorised withdrawal in
respect of the gift cheque. The first defendant submitted that he had no such
intention to conceal the withdrawal since he had inserted his name, NRIC
number and mobile phone on the reverse of the gift cheque. This is a non
sequitur. The filling in of such information on the reverse of cheques for the
purposes of cheque deposits is an administrative requirement of banks in
general.

50 Under the Will, the funds in the Testator’s bank account would have gone to
Mdm Tan. Since the Testator had already amply provided for the first defendant
and his wife, there is no credible reason, in the absence of actual proof to
the contrary, for him to provide a further gift to the first defendant in
substitution of his own wife, Mdm Tan, three days prior to his demise – or as
the first defendant has put it, “in contemplation of his impending death”.

51 In the light of the above, not only has the first defendant failed to
discharge his burden of proof, the objective evidence is to the contrary.

Trust cheque

52 The first defendant claimed that the trust cheque was also issued on the
express instructions of the Testator to be held on trust for the specific
purpose of providing for Mdm Tan and for the upkeep of the family property.
The first defendant relies on the fact that Mdm Tan and the second defendant
were both given life interests in the family property and it is “therefore,
not entirely improbable for the [Testator] to consider and decide a financial
arrangement for the maintenance” of Mdm Tan and for the upkeep of the family
property. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

D1 Submissions, para 53.

The mere fact that it may be “not entirely improbable” is plainly insufficient
to discharge the burden of proof that the trust cheque was specifically
authorised by the Testator.

53 The second defendant’s testimony in court that the Testator had informed
her in “[a]round 2009 to 2010” that he had “arranged” for the maintenance of
the family property does not help the first defendant either. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 140:11–23.

According to the first defendant’s case, the Testator only gave him
instructions for the trust cheque on 25 May 2010. Clearly, contrary to the
second defendant’s testimony, the Testator had not made any arrangement for
the upkeep of the family property prior to 25 May 2010. Even if her account
were true, she testified that the Testator had intended to leave the money in
the OCBC account for the maintenance of the house, and not that the first
defendant was authorised to deal with the moneys separately. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 140:11–23.

Consistent with this impression, the second defendant approached the plaintiff
to pay for the family property’s property tax in 2014 and 2015 from the estate
account. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AB, p 5.

It appears that the estate account was the same OCBC account from which the
withdrawals were made, as it was the only bank account in the Testator’s sole
name that contained more than a nominal value. The second defendant did not
tap on the $613,000 supposedly managed by the first defendant on trust. She
explained that this was because “that was [the Testator’s] instructions, that
the money [in the OCBC account] goes to the maintenance of the house”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 145:10–17.

Clearly, she was not acting on the premise that a separate trust fund had been
created for the maintenance of the family property.

54 Furthermore, if the Testator had in fact given those instructions to the
first defendant on 25 May 2010, there would be no reason for the Testator not
to have informed the second defendant of the arrangement around the time it
was supposedly made. There would also be no reason for the first defendant not
to have disclosed it to the second defendant. Equally, it is curious why the
Testator did not inform the plaintiff and/or the second defendant as the
executors of the Will.

55 In my view, this is a fallacious explanation by both the first and second
defendants. First, it does not make any sense for the Testator to have given
instructions to the first defendant to issue the trust cheque to provide for
Mdm Tan when under the Will, all of the funds in his bank account would have
gone to her in any event. It also does not make any sense for the Testator to
have given instructions to the first defendant to deposit the trust cheque
into Mdm Tan’s joint account knowing that she was suffering from dementia at
that time.

56 Second, through successive transfers, Mdm Tan was completely displaced as
the purported beneficiary of the trust cheque. The trust cheque was initially
deposited into Mdm Tan’s joint account with the first defendant’s wife on 31
May 2010 and then transferred, some six weeks later, to another joint account
belonging to the first defendant and his wife with POSB bank which prior to
this only had a balance of $1,185.66. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ong Teck Seng’s Discovery Affidavit dated 24 November 2016 (“D1 Discovery
Affidavit”), para 6 and p 50.

Between January 2011 and March 2016, the first defendant utilised the $613,000
to set up 15 separate time deposits, fixed deposits and savings deposits. It
appears from his evidence that upon maturity, the principal sum and interest
were consistently repaid to the same joint account held with his wife or
otherwise reinvested. Eventually, on 26 September 2016, ie, after the
commencement of these proceedings, $400,000 of this sum was transferred to a
joint account between the first and second defendants with CIMB bank. The
remainder forms part of two time deposits of $150,000 each set up by the first
defendant and his wife with CIMB bank in January 2016. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

D1 AEIC, para 69 and pp 85–87.

57 It must be underscored that all these movements of the funds under the
trust cheque were decided unilaterally by the first defendant without any
authority. He had no such right to do so. The first defendant has by these
successive transfers entirely supplanted Mdm Tan as the purported beneficiary
of the trust cheque and yet according to the first defendant, the trust cheque
was, inter alia, to provide for Mdm Tan. I agree with the plaintiff that the
purpose behind the successive transfers, and the purpose of making the cheque
payable to Mdm Tan, was to prevent the discovery of the eventual destination
of the trust cheque.

58 Third, there is simply no evidence whatsoever that the funds from the trust
cheque were ever used for their intended purposes, ie, to provide for Mdm Tan
and/or the upkeep of the family property. The first defendant admitted in his
answers to interrogatories that the sum of $613,000 “has not been utilised yet
to pay for the expenses of [Mdm Tan] and/or the Property”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Answers to interrogatories served pursuant to request dated 5 September 2016,
para 2.

This state of affairs must be examined in juxtaposition with the first
defendant’s evidence that the family property required a lot of maintenance.
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

D1 AEIC, para 65.

For the first defendant’s explanation to even be remotely plausible, one would
have expected the funds from the trust cheque to be used periodically since
the time of the Testator’s death for the maintenance of the family property.
However, the evidence is to the contrary. Instead, the first defendant
confirmed that the funds have remained intact since the issuance of the trust
cheque and are now sitting in fixed deposits and a savings account in the
joint names of the first defendant together with his wife and the second
defendant respectively. In the first defendant’s own words, they “never use[d]
it” at all even when repairs were effected to the family property. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 116:12–17.

The proceedings were only commenced by the plaintiff in June 2016. Yet
throughout the period from 25 May 2010 to June 2016, it is an irrefutable fact
that the funds from the trust cheque were, by the first defendant’s own
admission, never used for their intended purposes. In my judgment, this
conduct clearly establishes that the Testator did not give any instructions
for the trust cheque.

59 Further, when the family property needed repairs, the second defendant
asked the plaintiff as executor of the Testator’s estate to pay for the
expenses from the estate account. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

AB, p 9.

Yet if the second defendant had known that the $613,000 under the trust cheque
was earmarked for the maintenance of the family property, she would have asked
the first defendant to cover such expenses out of that fund. In other words,
the fact that the trust cheque was never authorised by the Testator ostensibly
for the upkeep of the family property is borne out by the conduct of the first
and second defendants. If it were otherwise, the first defendant would have
utilised the funds from the trust cheque for the upkeep of the family
property. I do not accept the first defendant’s contrived explanation that the
Testator had intended for the funds from the trust cheque to be utilised only
when there was “no more money in the [OCBC] account”, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 14/02/2017, p 95:1–9.

ie, that the funds in the OCBC account should be depleted first. No such
qualification was stated in his AEIC. Further, if a designated fund had been
set aside, it makes no sense to deplete the estate moneys first when these
moneys were to devolve to Mdm Tan under the Will, and subsequently be shared
equally among three sons under Mdm Tan’s will.

60 The inference is thus irresistible that the first defendant had always
intended to misappropriate the funds from the trust cheque for himself. When
asked whether the balance of the $613,000 would be returned to the estate if
they were not used for the upkeep of the family property, the first defendant
testified that it is up to the next generation to take over and maintain the
family property. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 14/02/2017, pp 96:4–97-9.

This is an astonishing response since Mdm Tan and the second defendant only
have a life interest in the family property and upon their death, the family
property is to be sold and the proceeds divided equally among the plaintiff,
the first defendant and another brother, Ong Teck Huat. There is hence no next
generation to speak of in relation to the family property.

61 For the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the Testator did not
authorise the first defendant to issue both the gift cheque and the trust
cheque. Consequently, the first defendant converted both cheques and the
estate is entitled to restitution of the sums paid thereunder.

Rolex watches

62 In relation to the two Rolex watches, the basis of the claim is that the
two Rolex watches belong to the estate and that they are now in the possession
of the first defendant “without legal basis”. It is not disputed that the two
Rolex watches were owned by the Testator and that they are now in the
possession of the first defendant.

63 The defence is that the two Rolex watches were gifts made by the Testator
during his “lifetime” with no specific pleading as to the dates of the alleged
gifts. It emerged from the first defendant’s AEIC that the Testator offered
the full-gold Rolex watch to him at a family meeting sometime in 2005
involving the Testator, Mdm Tan, the first and second defendants and two other
brothers. The first defendant accepted the full-gold Rolex after his brother,
Ong Teck Huat, turned it down. The plaintiff was not present at this meeting
and did not lead evidence challenging what transpired on this occasion. The
first defendant’s account regarding the full-gold Rolex watch is corroborated
by the second defendant’s AEIC. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

D2 AEIC, para 16.

As for the half-gold Rolex watch, the first defendant’s evidence was that the
Testator gave it to him on an unspecified occasion before his passing in 2010.
59

##### Foot Note 59

×

D1 AEIC, paras 72–73.

Under cross-examination, this date was narrowed to around 2009 but no further
elaboration was given. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE 14/02/17, p 121.

64 The plaintiff, on the other hand, contends that this alleged gift is a
contrived account that only emerged on 24 July 2016 in the course of
distributing the assets in the Testator’s safe under Mdm Tan’s Will. The first
defendant did not specifically challenge how and when the plaintiff came to
know about the alleged gifts. The plaintiff pleaded in his reply that when the
Testator’s safe was opened during a family meeting in June 2010, the first
defendant stated that the two Rolex watches were not in the safe because they
had been sent for servicing. He did not claim that the watches had been gifted
to him. The plaintiff’s evidence of this exchange in June 2010 was not
challenged by the first defendant. I accept that the first defendant’s
reticence on this occasion is suspect, because if the watches had been
legitimately gifted to him, it was odd for him not to have candidly said so.

65 It should be stated upfront that it is immaterial that the two Rolex
watches were not listed in the Schedule of Assets as they would be covered
under the residue clause which encompasses “all the rest and residue of [the
Testator’s] properties not herein specifically mentioned”, including personal
property.

66 Insofar as the full-gold Rolex watch is concerned, the plaintiff and first
defendant have given contrary evidence which has not been specifically
challenged by either side. On balance, it is likely that the 2005 family
meeting took place. The circumstances in which the full-gold Rolex was offered
to the first defendant was described in sufficient detail. Neither side called
other family members to testify about this meeting, but it was corroborated by
the second defendant’s AEIC. No evidence was adduced by the plaintiff to rebut
the first defendant’s assertion that the full-gold watch has been in his
possession since 2005; it was not clearly established whether the Rolex watch
adorned by the Testator at his 80th birthday celebration (which post-dated the
2005 family meeting) was the full-gold or half-gold one. In view of this, the
first defendant’s reticence when queried in June 2010 is equivocal at best.

67 Insofar as the half-gold Rolex watch is concerned, I am not satisfied that
the first defendant has discharged his burden of proof. His evidence is vague
and he has not been able to specify the time period in which this gift was
made, let alone a date or an occasion. This is unpersuasive as gifts of such
nature are typically given to mark an occasion or for some notable reason.
Thus, I am ordering delivery up of the half-gold Rolex watch to the Testator’s
estate.

Time Bar

68 I turn now to the defence of limitation. The relevant limitation period for
the cause of action in conversion is found in s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act
(Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) which provides that actions founded on tort shall not
be brought after the expiration of six years from the date on which the cause
of action had accrued. It is not necessary to deal with the limitation period
for the claim in unjust enrichment since it has been ruled out. On 3 February
2017, 11 days before the start of the trial, the first defendant was granted
leave to include a new defence of limitation. On the basis of s 6(1)(a), the
first defendant contended that the plaintiff’s claim was time-barred as the
writ was filed more than six years after the two cheques were issued and drawn
on 25 and 31 May 2010 respectively.

69 For the purposes of the limitation defence, the material dates are as
follows:

(a) 25 and 31 May 2010 – the dates on which the unauthorised cheques were
issued and drawn respectively;

(b) May 2011 – when the plaintiff allegedly first learnt of the fact of the
withdrawals;

(c) October 2014 – when the plaintiff allegedly learnt that the withdrawals
were unauthorised; and

(d) 23 June 2016 – the date of filing of the writ.

70 In his reply, the plaintiff claimed that he first discovered the fact of
the withdrawals under the two cheques only around May 2011 when the solicitors
for the estate, Wee Swee Teow & Co, were preparing the Schedule of Assets for
the grant of probate. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Reply, para 5; P’s Supplementary AEIC, paras 4 and 11.

He pleaded that the first defendant had “concealed his fraud” in respect of
the withdrawals until he was confronted by the plaintiff in May 2011. The
plaintiff seeks to rely on s 29(1)(b) of the Limitation Act, which reads as
follows:

Postponement of limitation period in case of fraud or mistake

29. — (1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is prescribed by this Act —

…

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
foresaid;

…

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

71 In order to rely on s 29(1), the plaintiff has to show that the first
defendant fraudulently concealed his right of action. The period of limitation
would begin to run at the point when the deception could have been discovered
with reasonable diligence. The definition of fraudulent concealment in s 29(1)
was neatly summarised in Chua Teck Chew Robert v Goh Eng Wah [2009] 4 SLR(R)
716 at [27] in the following manner:

It is clear that fraudulent concealment is not limited to the common law sense
of fraud or deceit. It includes unconscionability in the form of a deliberate
act of concealment of a right of action by the wrongdoer or if he or she had
knowingly or recklessly committed a wrongdoing in secret without telling the
aggrieved party (see Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v
Herman Iskandar [1998] 1 SLR(R) 848 at [73]–[75]).

As explained by Lord Denning MR in King v Victor Parsons & Co (A Firm) [1973]
1 WLR 29 at 33, “fraud” in this context “is used in the equitable sense to
denote conduct by the defendant … such that it would be ‘against conscience’
for him to avail himself of the lapse of time.” In Eddis and Another v
Chichester Constable and Others [1969] 3 WLR 48, the equivalent section in the
Limitation Act 1939 (c 21) (UK) was applied to postpone the limitation period
for an action in conversion in favour of the trustees of a family property.
The tenant for life had sold an heirloom belonging to the trust for his
personal benefit. It was sufficient that the wrongful sale was fraudulent and
he had concealed it from the trustees.

72 The pleading in the reply that the first defendant “concealed his fraud” is
thus sufficient to engage s 29(1) of the Limitation Act. The plaintiff’s
pleaded case in his reply – that he found out about the withdrawals only in
May 2011 – is his worst case for the reckoning of time for limitation purposes
and consequently the best case for the first defendant. As at May 2011, while
the plaintiff came to learn about the withdrawals, he did not know at that
time that they were unauthorised so as to ground a claim in conversion. When
he queried the first defendant about the withdrawals in May 2011, he was told
without elaboration that the Testator had given instructions about the moneys.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P’s Supplementary AEIC, para 5.

The plaintiff assumed that they had been placed in a fixed deposit in Mdm
Tan’s name and did not revisit the matter until 2014 when the family was
preparing to apply for a grant of probate for Mdm Tan’s estate. According to
him, he only appreciated that the withdrawals were unauthorised after
obtaining images of the two cheques from OCBC bank in October 2014 upon the
advice of the estate’s solicitors. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

P’s Supplementary AEIC, paras 6, 8 and 10.

The cheque images revealed that the sums under the gift and trust cheques had
been deposited into the first defendant’s POSB savings account and Mdm Tan’s
joint account respectively, contrary to the Will. It bears noting that the
plaintiff’s evidence in this regard was not challenged and significantly, no
alternative date was put to the plaintiff. It was not argued that the
plaintiff should have, with reasonable diligence, pursued the matter to its
end earlier in May 2011 and not only in October 2014.

73 Proceeding with the plaintiff’s worst case as pleaded in the reply, I find
that the plaintiff’s right of action was concealed by the first defendant such
that time would only have started to run from May 2011 when the plaintiff
first came to know about the withdrawals per se. At [39]–[40] above, I
discredited the first defendant’s testimony that he had informed his family
members about the Testator’s instructions with respect to the two cheques at
the wake in June 2010. I also found that the first defendant acted in a manner
aimed at concealing the unauthorised dealings with both cheques (see [43] and
[49] above).

74 Could the concealed fraud have been discovered by the plaintiff earlier
than May 2011 with reasonable diligence? The first defendant did not challenge
the plaintiff’s evidence that he only learnt of the withdrawals around May
2011. The Schedule of Assets was prepared around May 2011 by the estate’s
solicitors on the basis that the funds which were paid under the gift and
trust cheques still belonged to Testator’s estate. In relation to the OCBC
account, the “market value as at the date of [the Testator’s] death” was
stated as $1,138,083.10. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AB, p 31.

This was based on documents received from the banks stating the value of
assets as at the date of the Testator’s passing. This was accompanied by a
note stating “current balance: $5865.38”, indicating the balance when the
Schedule of Assets was filed. On its face, this discrepancy in values between
the Testator’s death and May 2011 called for an explanation.

75 The plaintiff’s evidence of confronting the first defendant for the first
time with the discrepancy in May 2011 was unchallenged. As a consequence, it
was never put to the plaintiff that he could have discovered the withdrawals
prior to May 2011 or that he learnt about it at the Testator’s wake in June
2010. Having regard to the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67 (“Browne v
Dunn”), it was not open to the first defendant to assert that the plaintiff
could have discovered the withdrawals earlier. While the rule in Browne v Dunn
is not rigid (see Lo Sook Ling Adela v Au Mei Yin Christina and another [2002]
1 SLR(R) 326 at [40]), this fact goes to the heart of the limitation issue and
should have been put to the plaintiff if the first defendant were minded to
assert otherwise. In any event, the first defendant’s account that he had
informed the family members of the Testator’s instructions in June 2010 is to
be disbelieved for reasons already explained.

76 Moreover, when the Schedule of Assets was provided to the first defendant
in June 2011, he did not mention that it was incorrect to include the full sum
of $1,138,083.10 as part of the Testator’s estate, as would be the case if the
Testator had indeed given the alleged instructions. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 14/02/17, p 102:3–19.

Without being disabused of this impression, the plaintiff could not have
discovered any earlier with reasonable diligence that the discrepancy was due
to the first defendant’s unauthorised dealings with the two cheques.

77 Having found that time only began to run in May 2011 at the earliest, the
writ was filed within the six-year limitation period and the defence of
limitation should therefore be rejected.

Interest

78 Under s 12(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), the court has the
discretion to order that interest be paid between the date the cause of action
arose and the date of judgment. The Court of Appeal recently examined the law
on pre-judgment interest in Grains and Industrial Products Trading Pte Ltd v
Bank of India and another [2016] 3 SLR 1308 (“GRIPT”) and summarised the
position as follows at [137]–[138]:

137 Pre-judgment interest connotes the compensation awarded to a successful
claimant for the time value of money the use of which was lost between the
date on which the claimant’s cause of action arose and the date of the
judgment (Sempra Metals Ltd (formerly Metallgesellschaft Ltd) v Inland Revenue
Commissioners [2006] QB 37 at [46]). The basis for the award lies in the fact
that the unsuccessful defendant had wrongfully kept the successful claimant
out of moneys to which he has been shown to be entitled, during which time,
the defendant instead had the use of it (Harbutt’s “Plasticine” Ltd v Wayne
Tank and Pump Co Ltd [1970] 1 QB 447 at 468; see also Lee Soon Beng v Wee Tiam
Seng [1985-1986] SLR(R) 799 at [7]). …

…

138 As a plain reading of [s 12 of the Civil Law Act] would suggest, interest
is not awarded as of right. While the recoverability of interest is a matter
of the court’s discretion, we held in Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v
Steen Consultants Pte Ltd [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“Robertson Quay Investment”) at
[100]–[103] that as a general rule, damages should commence from the date of
accrual of loss. As a matter of principle, claimants who have been kept out of
pocket without basis should be able to recover interest on money that is found
to have been owed to them from the date of their entitlement until the date it
is paid. The object of leaving it to judicial discretion as opposed to laying
down a fixed rule making interest payable as of right is to enable the courts
to achieve justice across the infinite range of factual permutations that may
confront the court by tailoring the award to fit the unique circumstances of
each case. Such discretion would extend to a determination of whether to award
interest at all; what the relevant rate of interest should be; what proportion
of the sum should bear interest; and the period for which interest should be
awarded (Harvey McGregor, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2014)
at para 18-031).

[emphasis in original]

79 The Court of Appeal indicated (at [140]) a non-exhaustive list of factors
capable of influencing the court’s discretion to award interest: (a) in the
absence of a prescribed rate, what rate of interest would be appropriate to
the relevant period(s); (b) whether the claimant was dilatory in the bringing
and conduct of the proceedings; (c) whether the claimant had received
compensation for the loss suffered from a source other than the defendant; (d)
whether the claimant had sought and been awarded damages which include damages
for the loss of the use of money; (e) whether the debt is paid immediately
after proceedings are commenced; and (f) whether the parties have agreed that
pre-judgment interest should not be recoverable. On the facts, the Court of
Appeal awarded the default interest rate of 5.33% per annum from the date that
the cause of action arose (ie, the date on which the defendant bank was liable
to honour the letter of credit), “since the parties did not offer any reason
for [the court] to depart from” it. In other words, no other rate was
suggested in lieu of the default rate.

80 In the present case, it was common ground that interest should be awarded
at the default interest rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ
until the date of judgment (Supreme Court Practice Direction No 1 of 2007). It
was not disputed that the plaintiff should, in addition, be entitled to
interest from the date of withdrawal (ie, the date of accrual of the cause of
action). As regards the rate of interest applicable from the date of
withdrawal to the date of the writ, it was disputed whether this was
calculable according to:

(a) the default interest rate of 5.33% per annum;

(b) the interest at the actual rates earned on the fixed and/or time deposits
in which the sums under the two cheques were placed; or

(c) the interest rate on the OCBC account at the time of withdrawal.

81 The first defendant tendered calculations of the interest earned on the
sums of $613,000 under the trust cheque and $300,000 out of $500,000 under the
gift cheque which had been placed in various fixed and/or time deposits upon
withdrawal (ie, [80(b)] above). Mr Hanam had no objections to these
calculations except that interest had not been computed for the remaining
$200,000 of the $500,000 that was utilised by the first defendant to purchase
shares and not placed in fixed or time deposits. The parties were hence
directed to reach an agreement on the interest payable on the outstanding
$200,000 on the basis that it had remained in the first defendant’s POSB
savings account and was not utilised to purchase shares.

82 Mr Hanam’s primary argument, however, was for the default interest rate of
5.33% per annum to apply from the date of withdrawal (ie, [80(a)] above). He
relied on Albert Hong, in which the court awarded interest of 5.33% per annum
on the value of the converted shares from the date on which the defendant
received payment for the purported share transfer to a third party (ie, the
date when the wrongful act of conversion was completed).

83 The other authorities relied upon by the plaintiff offer no guidance on the
applicable rate of interest to pre-writ interest awards. The plaintiff argued
that interest of 5.33% per annum was payable on the basis of the compensation
principle explained in ACES System Development Pte Ltd v Yenty Lily (trading
as Access International Services [2013] 4 SLR 1317 (“ACES”). However, the
extensive discussion in ACES on whether damages was to be awarded on the basis
of the compensation principle or the user principle had no bearing on the
interest award, which was not the subject of appeal. The High Court judge had
awarded interest of 2.665% per annum (ie, half the default rate) on damages
for wrongful detention for the period of wrongful detention and at the usual
rate of 5.33% per annum from the date that the chattels were returned (see
Yenty Lily (trading as Access International Services) v ACES System
Development Pte Ltd [2013] 1 SLR 577 at [80] and [81(e)]). Significantly, both
these time periods post-dated the filing of the writ.

84 Ng Swee Hua v Auston International Group Ltd and another [2012] 1 SLR 1,
also cited by the plaintiff, does not assist him either. The investment
agreement provided for interest on convertible bonds to be payable biannually
at 3% per annum and for all interest accrued from the last payment date to be
forfeited upon conversion into shares. In breach of the investment agreement,
the defendants failed to act on the plaintiff’s conversion notice. Damages
were assessed as the difference between the price of purchasing the shares on
the market at the relevant date and the consideration already advanced under
the investment agreement. In respect of the “pre-judgment interest”, Tay Yong
Kwang J (as he then was) did not interfere with the assistant registrar’s
award of default interest rate at 5.33% on the damages award from the date of
the last amendment of the statement of claim (see [15]–[16] and [27]). Mr
Hanam’s point was that the court awarded interest at 5.33% even though the
contractual rate “lost” was only 3%. However, this conflation between the
contractual rate (to which the plaintiff was entitled as his loss until the
date of forfeiture) and interest awarded on damages was addressed by the judge
(see [27]). This case did not deal with the court’s discretion to apply the
default interest rate (or otherwise) to a backdated interest award.

85 Section 12 of the Civil Law Act grants the court a wide discretion as to
the relevant rate of interest, as the Court of Appeal noted in GRIPT at [138].
In the light of the calculations tendered by the first defendant, an award of
the default rate of interest would, in my view, overcompensate the estate for
the loss of time value of the moneys. The plaintiff has not shown that the
estate would have invested the money or has had to borrow money at a
commercial rate. The evidence in fact suggests otherwise in that the
plaintiff, after confronting the first defendant about the withdrawals in May
2011, was under the impression that the funds had been deposited into Mdm
Tan’s account (see [72] above) and was evidently quite content for the funds
to remain in her account. I therefore award the plaintiff interest at the
actual rates earned on the various fixed and/or time deposits in which the
sums under the two cheques were placed after their withdrawal from the
Testator’s OCBC account (see [81] above), which were significantly lower than
the default rate. Based on the first defendant’s calculations, to which the
plaintiff had no objections, the actual interest earned came up to $29,662 on
the $613,000 under the trust cheque and $18,804 on $300,000 out of the
$500,000 under the gift cheque. As for the remaining $200,000 from the gift
cheque that was utilised by the first defendant to purchase shares, the rate
of interest earned on the $300,000 under the fixed deposits with Maybank and
RHB bank would also apply. Based on Mr Ramalingam’s computations, interest at
these rates on the sum of $200,000 would yield $14,570. In total, the pre-writ
interest award amounts to $63,036. I should mention that there is no evidence
that the rate of interest which the funds would have continued to earn in the
OCBC account but for the withdrawals is different from the actual rates earned
on the fixed and/or time deposits.

Conclusion

86 For all of the reasons stated above, my orders are as follows:

(a) Restitution of the sum of $1,113,000 by the first defendant to the
Testator’s estate;

(b) Delivery up of the half-gold Rolex watch to the Testator’s estate;

(c) Interest on the sum of $1,113,000: (i) at the actual rates earned on the
fixed and/or time deposits in which the sum was placed between 31 May 2010 and
22 June 2016, yielding a total interest of $63,036 for this period; and (ii)
at the rate of 5.33% per annum between 23 June 2016 to the date of judgment;
and

(d) Costs of $100,000 inclusive of disbursements to be paid by the first
defendant to the plaintiff.

Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal

Andrew John Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Kasi Ramalingam (Raj Kumar & Rama) for the first defendant;  
The second defendant in person.

_____________________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

