Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 32

Civil Appeal No 71 of 2016

Between

Wilson Taylor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Arbitration] — [Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wilson Taylor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd

[2017] SGCA 32

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 71 of 2016 (Suit No 1234 of 2015)  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA, Steven Chong JA  
17 April 2017

26 April 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This appeal arises out of an application by the Appellant, made by way of
Summons No 6171 of 2015 (“Summons 6171”), to stay the court proceedings
commenced by the Respondent in Suit No 1234 of 2015 (“Suit 1234”), in favour
of arbitration pursuant to s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2002 Rev Ed) (the “IAA”).

2 Summons 6171 was heard and dismissed by an assistant registrar (the “AR”) on
21 January 2016. The Appellant’s appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 43 of 2016
(“RA 43”) against the AR’s decision was dismissed by the High Court judge (the
“Judge”) on 29 February 2016. The decision of the Judge is reported at Dyna-
Jet Pte Ltd v Wilson Taylor Asia Pacific Pte Ltd [2017] 3 SLR 267 (the “GD”).

3 Dissatisfied with the outcome of the proceedings before the AR and the
Judge, the Appellant appealed against the decision of the Judge in Civil
Appeal No 71 of 2016, which we heard and dismissed on 17 April 2017. We gave
some brief reasons for our decision at the time and we now elaborate on those
reasons.

Facts

4 The Appellant engaged the Respondent to install underwater anodes on the
island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. Amongst the terms of their
contract (the “Contract”) was a dispute-resolution agreement (the “Clause”),
which gave only the Respondent a right to elect to arbitrate a dispute arising
in connection with the Contract. The Clause provides:

Dyna-Jet [which is the Respondent] and the Client [which is the Appellant]
agree to cooperate in good faith to resolve any disputes arising in connection
with the interpretation, implementation and operation of the Contract.
Disputes relating to services performed under the Contract shall be noted to
Dyna-Jet within three (3) days of the issue arising, thereafter the period for
raising such dispute shall expire.

Any claim or dispute or breach of terms of the Contract shall be settled
amicably between the parties by mutual consultation. If no amicable settlement
is reached through discussions, at the election of Dyna-Jet, the dispute may
be referred to and personally settled by means of arbitration proceedings,
which will be conducted under English Law; and held in Singapore.

[Emphasis added]

5 A dispute subsequently arose under the Contract (the “Dispute”). The parties
attempted, but failed, to reach a negotiated settlement. The Respondent then
commenced Suit 1234 against the Appellant. By doing so, the Respondent in
effect elected not to refer the Dispute to arbitration. The Appellant then
filed SUM 6171 to have Suit 1234 stayed pursuant to s 6 of the IAA.

6 The AR dismissed the Appellant’s application for a stay. She held that
although the Clause constituted a valid arbitration agreement within the
meaning of s 6 of the IAA, only the Respondent was entitled to elect
arbitration thereunder. She went on to hold that since the Respondent had
elected to pursue its claims by litigation rather than arbitration, the
arbitration agreement had become “inoperative or incapable of being performed”
under s 6(2) of the IAA with respect to the Dispute.

7 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s appeal. He observed that the Appellant,
as the applicant for the stay under s 6 of the IAA, bore the burden of proving
only that the Clause constituted an arbitration agreement within the meaning
of s 2A of the IAA and that the Dispute fell within the scope of the Clause.
In order to successfully resist the stay, the Respondent had to prove that the
Clause was “null and void, inoperative of incapable of being performed” within
the meaning of the proviso to s 6(2) of the IAA. In order to meet its burden,
the Respondent had to establish that no other conclusion on this issue was
arguable (GD at [26]–[27]).

8 The Judge held that the Clause constituted an arbitration agreement despite
its asymmetrical nature. After an extensive survey of modern Commonwealth
authority, the Judge decided that a contractual dispute-resolution agreement
conferring an asymmetric right (in other words, a right enjoyed by only one
party to the agreement but not by the other) to elect whether to arbitrate a
future dispute was nevertheless an arbitration agreement (GD at [61(a)]). Thus
he dismissed the Respondent’s argument that the Clause was not an arbitration
agreement because of its “lack of mutuality”. The Judge also held that the
fact that a contractual dispute-resolution agreement granted a right to elect
whether to arbitrate a future dispute was nevertheless an arbitration
agreement (GD at [61(b)]). Therefore the characteristic of “optionality” in a
dispute-resolution agreement was not inconsistent with the meaning or nature
of an arbitration agreement. Summing up these principles, he concluded that a
contractual dispute-resolution agreement which confers an asymmetric right to
elect whether to arbitrate a future dispute is properly regarded as an
arbitration agreement within the meaning of s 2A of the IAA (GD at [61(c)]).

9 The Judge found that given the events that had transpired, the Clause had
become “incapable of being performed” within the meaning of s 6(2) of the IAA
because the Respondent had, by electing to litigate the Dispute, foreclosed
any possibility that the Respondent (or, for that matter, the Appellant) could
subsequently choose to have the Dispute referred to arbitration instead (GD at
[152]–[161]).

Our decision

10 Section 6(1) and (2) of the IAA provide as follows:

Enforcement of international arbitration agreement

6.—(1) … where any party to an arbitration agreement to which this Act applies
institutes any proceedings in any court against any other party to the
agreement in respect of any matter which is the subject of the agreement, any
party to the agreement may, at any time after appearance and before delivering
any pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings, apply to that court
to stay the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

11 In Tomolugen Holdings Ltd and another v Silica Investors Ltd and other
appeals [2016] 1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) at [63], we held that s 6 of the IAA
required the court to be satisfied that three requirements had been fulfilled,
before it granted a stay of the court proceedings said to have been brought in
breach of an arbitration agreement:

(a) first, that there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to
the court proceedings;

(b) second, that the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof)
falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) third, that the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative,
or incapable of being performed.

12 We also held in Tomolugen at [63] that in considering these matters in the
context of an application under s 6 of the IAA, the court should adopt a prima
facie standard of review. This is a function of the doctrine of kompetenz-
kompetenz, which provides that an arbitral tribunal has jurisdiction to rule
on its own jurisdiction, including any objections with respect to the
existence or validity of the arbitration agreement, and which requires that
the parties refer any relevant objections to the arbitral tribunal in the
first instance: see s 21(1) of the IAA and Sim Chay Koon and others v NTUC
Income Insurance Co-operative Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 871 at [4]–[5].

13 In respect of the first of the three requirements outlined at [11] above,
we agreed with the Judge and also the Appellant that the Clause constituted a
valid arbitration agreement between the Appellant and the Respondent. It was
immaterial for this purpose that the Clause: (a) entitled only the Respondent
(but not the Appellant) to compel its counterparty to arbitrate a dispute (the
“lack of mutuality” characteristic); and (b) made arbitration of a future
dispute entirely optional instead of placing parties under an immediate
obligation to arbitrate their disputes (the “optionality” characteristic). On
the weight of modern Commonwealth authority, which the Judge considered,
neither of these features prevented the court from finding that there was a
valid arbitration agreement between the present parties. And before us,
neither party contended otherwise.

14 We turn to the second of the three requirements outlined at [11] above. The
Judge appeared to have assumed that the Dispute, which formed the subject-
matter of Suit 1234, fell within the scope of the arbitration agreement in the
Clause. He held as follows (GD at [23]):

It is common ground that, if the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement is
found to be an arbitration agreement, the dispute which is the subject-matter
of this action is “the subject of the agreement” within the meaning of s 6(1)
[of the IAA]. In other words, there is no dispute that the subject-matter of
this action falls within the meaning of the phrase “[a]ny claim or dispute or
breach of terms of the Contract” in the parties’ dispute-resolution agreement
…

15 With respect, we disagree. In our judgment, the Judge was led into error by
the common but mistaken position the parties took on this point. The fact that
the court is to apply a prima facie standard of review in relation to the
three requirements we have referred to at [11] above when considering an
application for a stay under s 6 of the IAA does not mean that it must turn a
blind eye to obvious drawbacks in the case put forward by an applicant, which
drawbacks would not pass muster even applying an attenuated standard of
review. It is also important to bear in mind that this review is to be
undertaken as of the time when the stay application was filed. In the present
case, it was clear to us that even on a prima facie standard of review, at the
time the stay application was filed, the Dispute could not possibly be said to
fall within the scope of the arbitration agreement that was contained in the
Clause.

16 It is not controversial that an arbitration agreement must be construed and
applied in accordance with its terms, and counsel for the Appellant, Mr
Magintharan, did not dispute this. The critical words in the Clause are “at
the election of Dyna-Jet” (see [4] above). The specific question raised is
whether these words meant that arbitration, as a dispute-resolution method,
was something that existed only as an option that the Respondent alone could
choose to invoke or whether these words meant something else.

17 Mr Magintharan submitted that they meant something else. He submitted that
those words should be construed as giving rise to an obligation to arbitrate,
which either party could invoke against the other. With respect, this seemed
an implausible submission, but he made it, apparently, on the strength of the
decisions of the Courts of Appeal of England and Wales and of Hong Kong
respectively in Pittalis v Sherefettin [1986] 1 QB 868 (“Pittalis”) and China
Merchants Heavy Industry Co Ltd v JGC Corp [2001] 3 HKC 580 (“China
Merchants”). However, a brief look at both these decisions will reveal that
they concerned dispute-resolution clauses of a particular sort because the
only disputes that were contemplated in those cases were of that particular
sort. Consequently, they had no application at all to the facts before us.
Specifically, they were of the sort where one party (the defendant) would make
a decision affecting its counterparty (the plaintiff) and the only dispute
that would arise would be one where the plaintiff wished to challenge that
decision. In that context, the dispute-resolution clauses did not provide for
the arbitration of disputes arising generally in connection with the contract
between the parties. Rather, the dispute-resolution clauses permitted the
plaintiff to challenge only the decision made by its counterparty in a
specific regard and to do this only by way of arbitration.

18 Turning first to Pittalis, this case involved a rent-review clause within a
lease that provided that the rent payable was to be a sum notified by the
landlord, subject to the right of the tenant to have that sum reviewed and
determined by arbitration before an independent surveyor. After the landlord
notified the tenant of the intended rent, the tenant failed to give notice
within time, as required under the rent-review clause, to challenge the rent
and have it determined by arbitration. The landlord sued for possession. The
tenant then applied for an extension of time to refer the matter to
arbitration. A preliminary objection was raised as to whether the rent-review
clause was an arbitration clause at all, given that the clause contemplated
that only one but not both parties could refer the matter to arbitration. In
that context, Fox LJ held (at p 875E-G):

… I can see no reason why, if an agreement between two persons confers on one
of them alone the right to refer the matter to arbitration, the reference
should not constitute an arbitration. There is a fully bilateral agreement
which constitutes a contract to refer. The fact that the option is
exerciseable by one of the parties only seems to me to be irrelevant. The
arrangement suits both parties. The reason why that is so in cases such as the
present and in the Tote Bookmakers case [1985] Ch. 261 is because the landlord
is protected, if there is no arbitration, by his own assessment of the rent as
stated in his notice; and the tenant is protected, if he is dissatisfied with
the landlord’s assessment of the rent, by his right to refer the matter to
arbitration. Both sides, therefore, have accepted the arrangement and there is
no question of any lack of mutuality. [Emphasis added]

19 This was undoubtedly correct but it did not help the Appellant for the
following reasons:

(a) First, unlike the position in Pittalis, the Clause (and the Contract) was
not one where the only disputes that would arise were going to involve one
party seeking to challenge the decision of its counterparty.

(b) Second, unlike the position in the present case, the tenant in Pittalis
was seeking to invoke the right vested in itself alone to take the landlord’s
decision to arbitration. By contrast, in the present case, the Appellant was
seeking to invoke a right vested in the Respondent alone to have the matter
referred to arbitration. The Appellant could not do this. Even though, on the
other hand, had the Appellant commenced litigation against the Respondent, the
latter could have invoked its option to stay the litigation and have the
matter referred to arbitration, the converse simply did not hold true in the
context of the Clause.

20 Likewise, China Merchants involved a construction contract containing a
dispute-resolution clause which provided that disputes in connection with the
contract were to be decided by the main contractor, subject to the right of
the sub-contractor to challenge such decisions by referring them to
arbitration. It is evident that in each of these cases, only one party
(namely, the tenant in Pittalis and the sub-contractor in China Merchants)
could have had an interest in challenging the decisions in question, which
would, after all, have been made by its counterparty. In this context, it will
be apparent that the party receiving the counterparty’s decision did not in
fact have a right to choose between arbitration and litigation as a mode for
bringing its challenge. Rather, as the Judge explained, the relevant contracts
“gave [that party] only the choice between referring a dispute to arbitration
and accepting that it was bound by the [counterparty’s] decision in writing on
that dispute” (GD at [106]).

21 In other words, the references to the “arbitration” of disputes in Pittalis
and China Merchants were references only to the mechanics by which the party
wishing to challenge its counterparty’s decision could mount such a challenge.
In neither case did that party’s right to challenge the counterparty’s
decision contain a separate and further entitlement also to choose whether to
refer its disputes with the counterparty to either litigation or arbitration.
That entitlement belonged solely to the counterparty. And, even more
importantly, neither case should be read outside of their particular contexts
to suggest, as Mr Magintharan did, that whenever there is a right for one
party to choose to refer disputes arising under a contract to arbitration,
that right can also be invoked by its counterparty.

22 We digress to make a related point. Where a court is considering, on a
prima facie standard of review, whether a dispute falls within the scope of an
arbitration clause, and where the principal argument by the applicant for a
stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration turns on a particular
construction of the arbitration agreement, it must be incumbent on that
applicant to advance the interpretation that would support its contention that
the dispute in question could conceivably be brought within the arbitration
agreement. The onus lies on the applicant to persuade the court of his
preferred interpretation because this is part of his wider burden to establish
that the dispute falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement (see
Tomolugen at [63(b)]).

23 In the present case, the only plausible way to construe the phrase “at the
election of Dyna-Jet” in the Clause (see [4] above) was that it gave the
Respondent alone the option to choose whether any disputes arising in
connection with the Contract, whether initiated by the Appellant or the
Respondent, were to be resolved either by arbitration or by litigation. We say
this because the default position, which is so well established as to require
no further affirmation, is that any party can take any dispute arising under
any contract to the court, unless there is some agreement to the contrary.
Unlike Pittalis and China Merchants, this was not a case where it was
necessary to prescribe in the Contract a right to take a particular type of
dispute (or more accurately in the context of those cases, a challenge) to a
particular type of dispute-resolution forum. Hence, the phrase in question in
the Clause could have meant only that the Respondent alone had the right to
choose the particular forum by which the Dispute would be tried. As we pointed
out to Mr Magintharan, the nature of the right of election conferred on the
Respondent under the Clause was not between commencing proceedings and not
commencing proceedings, as it was in Pittalis and China Merchants, but rather
between commencing litigation and commencing arbitration. A similar
observation was made by the Judge at [106] of the GD which we have referred to
at [20] above. Indeed, were it otherwise, the Appellant would have had no
right to commence proceedings at all, and Mr Magintharan agreed that this
would have been untenable.

24 Since the Respondent had clearly chosen to refer the Dispute to litigation
by commencing Suit 1234, it was plain to us that the Dispute never fell within
the scope of the Clause. Indeed, this is a consequence of the characteristic
of optionality possessed by the Clause, which, as we have described at [13]
above, entails that the Clause did not place the parties under a present
obligation to arbitrate but would give rise to an arbitration agreement only
if and when the Respondent elected to arbitrate a specific dispute in the
future. On this basis, the Dispute could have fallen within the scope of the
Clause only if the Respondent had so elected. In the absence of such an
election, in the words of s 6(1) of the IAA, the Dispute in the present
circumstances was not a “matter which is the subject of the agreement”; it was
therefore not open to us to stay Suit 1234 in so far as Suit 1234 related to
that “matter”. It is plain that the Respondent never elected to arbitrate the
Dispute. On the contrary, by the time the Appellant applied to stay the
proceedings, the Respondent had already elected otherwise by commencing the
present proceedings.

25 Given our conclusion that the Dispute did not fall within the scope of the
arbitration agreement in the Clause, we did not reach the third of the three
requirements outlined at [11] above, which would have raised the question of
whether the Clause was “null and void, inoperative or incapable of being
performed” under s 6(2) of the IAA.

26 We therefore dismissed the appeal and awarded costs to the Respondent,
which we fixed in the aggregate sum of $30,000, which included the costs of
the related applications and also reasonable disbursements. We also made the
usual order for the payment out of the security.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

S Magintharan, Vineetha Gunasekaran, and James Liew Boon Kwee (Essex LLC) for
the appellant;  
Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

