Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 65

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9192 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Kong Hoo (Private) Limited  
---  
  
… Respondent

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9193 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Wong Wee Keong  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Endangered Species Act]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Trials]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Kong Hoo (Pte) Ltd and another appeal

[2017] SGHC 65

High Court — Magistrates’ Appeals Nos 9192 and 9193 of 2016  
See Kee Oon J  
9 December 2016; 1 March 2017

30 March 2017 Judgment reserved.

See Kee Oon J:

Introduction

1 The respondents were each charged on a single count of importing a scheduled
species without the necessary permit, an offence under s 4(1) of the
Endangered Species (Import and Export) Act (Cap 92A, 2008 Rev Ed) (“ESA”). At
the close of the Prosecution’s case, the respondents entered a plea of no case
to answer. This submission was accepted by the District Judge, who acquitted
them without calling for their defence (see Public Prosecutor v Wong Wee Keong
[2015] SGDC 300 (“No Case GD (DC)”). The Prosecution appealed, and the matter
came before me (“the first appeal”). After reviewing the evidence and the
arguments, I reversed the decision of the District Judge, set aside the orders
of acquittal, and remitted the matter for the defence to be called (see Public
Prosecutor v Wong Wee Keong and another appeal [2016] 3 SLR 965 (“No Case GD
(HC)”).

2 At the continuation of the trial, the respondents elected to remain silent
and offered no evidence in their defence. After hearing closing submissions,
the District Judge found that the Prosecution had not made out its case beyond
a reasonable doubt and acquitted the respondents (see Public Prosecutor v Wong
Wee Keong and another [2016] SGDC 222 (“the Trial GD”). Against this second
set of acquittals, the Prosecution have again appealed.

3 These appeals now before me present a situation which is unusual, but by no
means without precedent. When I heard the first set of appeals, the
Prosecution had just closed its case and the question before me was whether
there was some evidence, not inherently incredible, that satisfied each and
every element of the charges which had been framed. On that occasion, I
decided that there was and remitted the matter for the defence to be called
(see No Case GD (HC) at [101]). For present purposes, following the acquittal
of the respondents at the close of trial, my task is to re-look at the same
evidence which I first considered when I heard the first set of appeals but
with different lenses. The question now before me is whether each and every
element of the charges has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The
respondents’ principal submission is that when the entirety of the evidence is
considered on this latter “maximum evaluation” basis (as opposed to the
“minimum evaluation” of the evidence which they say was what took place at the
close of the Prosecution’s case), it is plain that the charges had not been
made out and the orders of acquittal made by the District Judge were rightly
granted. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 11.

4 I will state from the outset that I do not find the expressions “minimum
evaluation” and “maximum evaluation” to be particularly apposite. As Chan Sek
Keong CJ explained, sitting in the High Court of Singapore, in Re Nalpon Zero
Geraldo Mario [2012] 3 SLR 440 (“Re Nalpon”) at [22], the use of these
expressions “mischaracterises the nature of the judicial process in evaluating
the evidence at that stage of a criminal trial.” As the Privy Council
explained in Haw Tua Tau v Public Prosecutor [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 (“Haw Tua
Tau”) (a case on appeal from the Court of Criminal Appeal of Singapore) at
[17], what has to be decided at the close of the Prosecution’s case is a
question of law, namely, whether there is some evidence (not inherently
incredible) which, if accepted as accurate, would establish each essential
element in the charge either directly or inferentially (see No Case GD (HC) at
[33]). This stands in contrast with what has to be decided at the close of
trial, which is whether each and every element of the charge has been
established beyond a reasonable doubt.

5 In short, the difference between what takes place at the close of the
Prosecution’s case and at the close of trial is not one of degree (in terms of
the intensity with which the evidence is scrutinised), but a difference in
kind (the substantive question before the court is different). My task is now
to consider whether, on an evaluation of the totality of the evidence given by
the Prosecution’s witnesses and tested in cross-examination, together with any
inferences as might be properly drawn upon the respondents’ election to remain
silent, the guilt of the respondents has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt
(see the decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal in Oh Laye Koh v Public
Prosecutor [1994] SGCA 102 (“Oh Laye Koh”) at [15]).

6 Turning to the facts, it is undisputed that the respondents had caused
29,434 logs derived from Dalbergia spp. (Populations of Madagascar)
(“Madagascan rosewood”) to be brought into Singapore onboard the MV Oriental
Pride (“the Vessel”). Madagascan rosewood is specified in Appendix II of the
Schedule to the ESA and is therefore defined as a “scheduled species”, which
may not be imported into Singapore without a permit issued by the Director-
General of the Agri-Food and Veterinary Services (“Director-General”), which
the respondents did not have. Thus, the sole issue before me, as it was when I
heard the first set of appeals, is whether the Rosewood had been imported into
Singapore or whether it was merely “in transit” within the meaning of s 2(2)
of the ESA. If it was the former, the respondents are guilty of the charges
they face; if it was the latter, then the acquittals ordered by the District
Judge based on the charges preferred would have been rightly granted.

Background

7 Both the undisputed background facts as well as a detailed narrative of the
evidence given by the Prosecution’s witnesses can be found in my decision in
the first set of appeals (see No Case GD (HC)”) at [6]–[24]). For now, I will
only summarise that which is necessary to provide context for my decision
here. Where necessary, I will set out the detailed evidence of the various
witnesses in the course of my reasoning and analysis.

8 In March 2013, Madagascan rosewood was listed in Appendix II to the
Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and
Flora (3 March 1973) 993 UNTS 243 (entered into force 1 July 1975) (“CITES”).
In May 2013, the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (“AVA”)
issued a circular to inform all traders about the inclusion of new species
(including Madagascan rosewood) in the appendices of CITES (and, hence, its
inclusion in the Schedule to the ESA) and about the regulatory requirements
that this entailed. On 4 September 2013, the Secretariat of CITES informed the
member states to the Convention that the Government of Madagascar had placed a
zero export quota on Madagascan rosewood from 13 August 2013 to 13 February
2014. On 26 February 2014, another notification was sent to the member states
to inform them that the Government of Madagascar had extended the zero export
quota until 14 April 2014. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

No Case GD (HC) at [8]; Record of Proceedings of MA 9136 and 9137 of 2015
(“1st ROP”) at p 564, para 4.

However, this second notification did not state whether the extension of the
export embargo had taken effect immediately upon the expiry of the previous
zero export quota period or if there had been a “break” between 13 February
2014 (when the zero export quota period specified in the first notification
was to have expired) and 26 February 2014 (when the second notification was
sent). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

No Case GD (HC) at [8]; 1st ROP at p 564, para 4.

9 Sometime in February 2014, the Vessel set sail from the port of Toamasina,
Madagascar, with 29,434 logs of Madagascan rosewood (“the Rosewood”). On 19
February 2014, Singapore Customs received information from the Regional
Intelligence Liaison Office Asia Pacific (“RILO AP”), a division of the World
Customs Organisation, that they had a “strong suspicion” that an illegal
shipment of Madagascan rosewood might soon be entering Singapore on board the
Vessel. On 27 February 2014, Singapore Customs informed the AVA of what RILO
AP had told them. On 28 February 2014, the Vessel arrived in Singapore waters
and anchored in West Jurong Anchorage. A little over two weeks later, on 11
March 2014, the Vessel berthed at the Free Trade Zone of Jurong Port (“Jurong
FTZ”). Singapore Customs obtained information on the vessel’s schedule and its
cargo manifests from an online portal maintained by Jurong Port. In the cargo
manifests, it was stated that the consignee was one “Jaguar Express Logistics
Pte Ltd” (“Jaguar Express”) – a logistics company engaged by Kong Hoo – and
that the port of discharge was Singapore. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

P6, P7 (1st ROP, pp 368 and 369).

This information was shared with the AVA on the same day. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st ROP, p 27, line 24 to 1st ROP, p 28, line 5 (examination-in-chief of DSP
Roy Tan).

10 That same day Jaguar Express began unloading the Rosewood and moved the
unloaded logs to a yard in J16, another area within Jurong FTZ. Between 11
March 2014 and 14 March 2014, a total of 6164 rosewood logs was offloaded from
the Vessel, leaving 23,270 logs on board. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 32.

On 14 March 2014, officers from the AVA boarded the Vessel and seized the
rosewood logs which were onboard as well as the logs which had been offloaded.
It was subsequently ascertained that the seized logs were indeed Madagascan
rosewood and also that no CITES export permit had accompanied the shipment.

11 During the course of investigations a set of nine documents (collectively
marked “D5”) was given to the AVA by Mr Wong Wee Keong (“Mr Wong”), the
respondent in the second of the two appeals before me (Magistrate’s Appeal No
9193 of 2016). The first two of these were the bills of lading which
accompanied the shipment, both of which listed Kong Hoo (Private) Limited
(“Kong Hoo”), the respondent in the first of the two appeals before me
(Magistrate’s Appeal No 9192 of 2016), as the consignee of the vessel and the
port of discharge as Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

No Case GD (HC) at [2]; Prosecution’s submissions at para 15; Respondents’
submissions at para 22.

The remaining seven documents related to the export of the Rosewood from
Madagascar. Apart from a letter issued by the Ministry of Environment and
Forests of Madagascar (the “Madagascan Forestry Ministry”) in 2010 authorising
one “Zakaria Solihi” to export “about 5000 tonnes” of Madagascan rosewood, the
rest of the documents were dated between 17 February 2014 and 18 February
2014. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

No Case GD (HC) at [19]; 1st ROP at pp 574 and 580.

12 On 8 October 2014, the respondents were both charged for breaching s 5(1)
of the ESA, which stipulates that scheduled species in transit in Singapore
must be accompanied by valid CITES export documentation issued by the country
of export and, where necessary, by valid CITES import documentation issued by
the destination country. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 40.

On 3 June 2015, these charges were amended to ones under s 4(1) of the ESA and
the trial took place on 15 and 16 July 2015. As noted above, the District
Judge acquitted the respondents at the close of the Prosecution’s case. I
heard the Prosecution’s appeal against the District Judge’s decision over two
days and allowed it on 19 February 2016, ordering that the matter be remitted
for the Defence to be called. On 8 June 2016, the parties attended before the
District Judge for the continuation of the trial. After delivering the
standard allocution, the District Judge called upon the defence to be entered.
The respondents elected to remain silent and did not call any other evidence.

The issues

13 Section 2 of the ESA defines what it means to “import” a scheduled species
and when a scheduled species will be considered to be “in transit”. It
provides, in material part, as follows:

2(1) “import” means to bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land,
sea or air any scheduled species other than any scheduled species in transit
in Singapore; …

…

2(2) For the purposes of this Act, a scheduled species shall be considered to
be in transit if, and only if, it is brought into Singapore solely for the
purpose of taking it out of Singapore and —

(a) it remains at all times in or on the conveyance in or on which it is
brought into Singapore;

(b) it is removed from the conveyance in or on which it was brought into
Singapore and either returned to the same conveyance or transferred directly
to another conveyance before being despatched to a place outside Singapore,
and is kept under the control of the Director-General or an authorised officer
while being so removed, returned or transferred; or

(c) it is removed from the conveyance in or on which it was brought into
Singapore and kept under the control of the Director-General or an authorised
officer for a period not exceeding 14 days, or such longer period as the
Director-General may approve, pending despatch to a place outside Singapore.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

14 As I explained in No Case GD (HC) at [38], the moment a scheduled species
is brought into Singapore, as was the case here, it will be considered to have
been imported unless it is deemed to only have been in transit – there is no
tertium quid under the ESA. Section 2(2) of the ESA sets out two cumulative
conditions that have to be satisfied for a scheduled species that had been
brought into Singapore to be considered to have been in transit, namely (at
[39]):

(a) the scheduled species must have been brought into Singapore solely for the
purpose of being taken out of Singapore (in the No Case GD (HC) at [42], I
referred to this as the “sole purpose” condition); and

(b) the facts must fall within one of the three mutually exclusive scenarios
set out in paras (a) to (c) of s 2(2) of the ESA.

15 Insofar as the 23,270 logs of Rosewood which remained on board the Vessel
are concerned, there is no dispute that they had remained “at all times in or
on the conveyance in or on which it is brought into Singapore” within the
meaning of s 2(2)(a) of the ESA. The only issue is whether the sole purpose
condition has been satisfied. In respect of the 6164 logs which had been
offloaded from the Vessel, s 2(2)(c) of the ESA is applicable and it requires,
in addition to proof of the sole purpose condition, that the scheduled species
must have been under the control of the Director General or an authorised
officer” for the duration of its absence from the vessel (in the No Case GD
(HC) at [42], I referred to this as the “control” condition). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 23(d); Respondents’ submissions at para 63.

16 What this means, therefore, is that if the Prosecution proves that the sole
purpose condition has not been met, then the charges which relate to the
offence of importing the entire shipment of Rosewood without the requisite
permit would have been made out in their entirety. If, however, the
Prosecution only succeed in establishing that the control condition has not
been satisfied then the charges would only have been made out in respect of
the 6164 logs which had been offloaded. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 152–154.

As a practical matter, however, this is a distinction of little consequence
because it is not disputed that all of the Rosewood was meant to be offloaded
from the Vessel. Thus, if it can be shown that the control condition had not
been satisfied in respect of the 6164 logs then it would invariably follow
from the fact that the remaining 23,270 logs were meant to be offloaded in the
same manner that the Prosecution would have made out a case against the
respondents for (a) the offence of importing 6164 logs of Rosewood without a
permit simpliciter as well as (b) the offence of attempting to import 23,370
logs of Rosewood without a permit (under s 4(1) of the ESA read with s 511 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)). It appears that this was also the way
the District Judge approached this matter for she did not draw a distinction
between the Rosewood which had been offloaded and those which remained on the
Vessel. Instead, she proceeded on the basis that it would suffice for the
Prosecution to prove either that the sole purpose condition or the control
condition has not been met (see No Case GD (DC) at [55] and the Trial GD at
[15]).

The District Judge’s decision

17 As regards the sole purpose condition, the District Judge observed that the
Prosecution’s submissions “centred on the naming of [Kong Hoo] as a consignee
in the shipping and commercial documents” and the absence of a named consignee
in the alleged destination country (Hong Kong). However, she held that neither
was conclusive evidence that the Rosewood had been imported (see the Trial GD
at [16] and [19]). The District Judge found that the evidence instead showed
that the Rosewood had been brought into Singapore merely for the purpose of
taking it out again. She pointed to the following:

(a) The unchallenged evidence of Mr Alan Tan (“Mr Tan”), the managing director
of Jaguar Express, was that he had been engaged to do the “whole project” of
offloading, containerising, and transporting the Rosewood from Jurong Port to
another port which was managed by the Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”).
This could only lead to one “inexorable conclusion… namely, the Rosewood was
to be shipped out of Singapore” (at [21] and [22]).

(b) The fact that Jaguar Express had provided Kong Hoo with a quotation on the
cost of ocean freight charges from Singapore to Hong Kong (exhibit D17) and
had made several “tentative” bookings for containers to be reserved for Kong
Hoo’s use (at [23]). This, which she described as the “presence of binding
legal obligations, the performance of which were underway” provided evidence
that the respondents had a “confirmed present intention” by the respondents to
ship the Rosewood, and not an “unconfirmed future intention” as the
Prosecution submitted (at [24] and [25]).

18 Further, the District Judge declined to draw any adverse inference against
the respondents in the light of their election to remain silent. She held that
such an inference could not properly be drawn in the present case because
there was “no evidence which the [respondents were] required to contradict or
explain” because (a) the “relevant documents” had already been provided to the
AVA in the course of investigations and (b) the evidence of Mr Tan as to the
scope of his work and what was to be done with the Rosewood was “detailed and
complete” (at [28]). In her assessment, the evidence of Mr Tan “affirmatively
established beyond reasonable doubt that the Rosewood was to be transported
from Jurong Port to PSA Port for shipment to Hong Kong” (ibid). In the
premises, she held that the Prosecution had not discharged its burden of
proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the Rosewood had not been brought into
Singapore for the sole purpose of taking it out of Singapore (at [29]).

19 As regards the control condition, the District Judge held that the Rosewood
had been under the control of an authorised officer of Singapore Customs from
the time it entered Jurong FTZ (at [40]). Her reasons were as follows:

(a) Jurong FTZ is a “secured area for the temporary storage of goods and where
controls are in place to supervise the unstuffing and stuffing of containers”
over which officers of Singapore Customs exercised broad supervisory and
enforcement powers (at [34]–[36]).

(b) There was no provision in the ESA which required a person to provide
specific information about scheduled species for the purposes of transit (at
[37]). In this regard, while there was some suggestion that a “TradeNet
declaration … [wa]s required in a transit case”, there was “no clear evidence
as to the stage at which the declaration is made and how it is processed (at
[38]). Instead, the “unchallenged evidence” of Mr Tan was that a declaration
had to be made to Singapore Customs before the goods left a free trade zone
(ibid).

(c) It was “clear” from Mr Tan’s evidence that J16 had been “assigned by
Singapore Customs for the discharge of the [Rosewood]” (at [35]).

20 After the District Judge had delivered her judgment, the Prosecution sought
confirmation that the finding of the court was that the Rosewood was in
transit. Upon receiving such confirmation, the Prosecution applied for the
respondents’ charges to be amended to ones under s 5(1) of the ESA. This was
immediately rebuffed by the District Judge, who described it as a “strange
application”, noting that the same application had been made and refused at
the close of the Prosecution’s case. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Record of proceedings of Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 9192 and 9193 of 2016 (“2nd
ROP”) at p 120.

The District Judge did not explicitly elaborate on the reasons for her
refusal, but it is clear from the final section of the Trial GD that she did
not think that such an amendment would be proper both because the amended
charge was unlikely to have been made out and also because it would have been
prejudicial to the Defence. This is clear from her closing remarks, where she
observed, first, that despite “any reverberations that this case may have
created”, the fact of the matter was that at the material time, the Rosewood
was neither prohibited from export (by Madagascar, the country of origin) nor
prohibited from being imported (by Hong Kong, the country of final
destination): at [41]; and second, that the prosecution had “flipped-flopped
[sic] on the charge against the defendants” as it had initially framed a
charge on the basis that the Rosewood was in transit without a valid CITES
export permit (a charge under s 5(1) of the ESA) but soon “abandoned” this
charge and amended it to a charge of importation without a permit” under s
4(1) of the same: at [44].

The application to adduce further evidence

21 I heard the parties’ submissions in the present appeals on 9 December 2016
and reserved judgment. On 3 February 2017, while the written judgment in this
matter was being prepared, the Prosecution filed Criminal Motion No 5 of 2017
(“the Motion”) to seek to admit further evidence in the form of a letter with
several enclosures from Mr Wong Siew Hong of M/s Eldan Law LLP dated 20
January 2017, who had been retained to act for the Government of the Republic
of Madagascar. These enclosures comprised, among other things, official
communiques between the Madagascan Government and the Secretariat of CITES,
letters from the Madagascan Directorate of Customs on the subject of the
Vessel’s movements, and letters from the Director General of the Madagascan
Bureau of Independent Anti-Corruption. These documents, it was said, would
have the effect of “demonstrat[ing] that the evidence that [the respondents]
produced in court are false.” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Letter from M/s Eldan Law dated 20 January 2017.

In the covering letter, Mr Wong Siew Hong expressed regret that the evidence
only surfaced at this late stage and explained that he had travelled to
Madagascar in December 2016 to take instructions from his client and had been
given the documents then.

22 The Prosecution conceded that the documents in question were relevant not
to the charges which the respondents currently faced – that is to say, those
framed under s 4(1) of the ESA – but it submitted that they were relevant to
the potential alternative charges under s 5(1) of the ESA which it submitted
that the District Judge could and should have framed in substitution of the
present charges. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Prosecution’s submissions in CM 5/2017 at paras 11–12.

Broadly summarised, their argument was as follows. Under s 5(1) of the ESA,
every scheduled species in transit in Singapore must be accompanied by valid
export documentation and, where required by the country of ultimate
destination, valid import documentation. Valid export documentation included,
in this context, “written documentation issued by the competent authority of
the country of export” (see s 5(1)(a) of the ESA). The key issue was whether
the documents in D5 fit this description. The Prosecution submitted that the
documents sought to be admitted were relevant to this inquiry because they
purported to show the following:

(a) The embargo against the export of Madagascan rosewood had been extended on
14 February 2014 (that is to say, that there was no “break in the zero export
quota: see [8] above), thus suggesting that the export documents in D5, if not
outright forgeries, were at least issued in breach of the Madagascan
Government’s own export embargo. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s submissions in CM 5/2017 at para 18(b) and Affidavit of Wong
Siew Hong dated 15 February 2017 at paras 11–12.

(b) The Vessel did not anchor at any customs ports in Madagascar in the first
quarter of 2014 (contrary to what was stated to be the case: see [9] above),
thus calling into question the authenticity of a “Departure Formality Report”
purportedly issued by the Maritime Authority of Madagascar, which had been
produced by the respondents. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

D19; Prosecution’s submissions in CM 5/2017 at para 18(c) and Affidavit of
Wong Siew Hong dated 15 February 2017 at para 15.

(c) Certain export documents in D5 (chiefly, the export authorisation
documents in which it was said that Mr Zakaria Solihi was authorised to export
Madagascan rosewood: see [10] above) might be forgeries as they bore identical
serial numbers to other official documents which related to completely
different subjects. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Prosecution’s submissions in CM 5/2017 at para 18(a); Affidavit of Wong Siew
Hong dated 15 February 2017 at paras 16–21.

23 I heard the Motion on 1 March 2017 and dismissed it. The decision of the
English Court of Appeal in Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“Ladd v
Marshall”) is the locus classicus on the reception of fresh evidence on
appeal. At 1491, Denning LJ (as he then was) held that fresh evidence would
only be received on appeal if the following conditions were satisfied:

(a) First, the evidence “could not have been obtained with reasonable
diligence for use at the trial”;

(b) Second, the evidence “would probably have an important influence on the
result of the case, although it need not be decisive”; and

(c) Third, the evidence must be “such as is presumably to be believed, or in
other words, it must be apparently credible, although it need not be
incontrovertible.”

24 Following the lead of the Singapore High Court in Soh Meiyun v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 299 at [14] (“Soh Meiyun”), I will refer to these as
the conditions of “non-availability”, “relevance”, and “reliability”
respectively. In Soh Meiyun, Chao Hick Tin JA noted that these principles had
been promulgated in the civil context and that while it was once thought that
they could be transposed for use in the criminal context without change, the
modern approach was less restrictive. While the Ladd v Marshall conditions
continue to be useful points for consideration, they were not applied as
strictly in the criminal context. In particular, Chao JA noted that the
condition of non-availability was perhaps of less importance (at [15]). I
pause to observe that Soh Meiyun dealt with the subject in the context of an
application by the accused – there are reasons in my view to think that a
stricter approach should apply where it is the Prosecution that is making such
an application, but I express no concluded view on this point because even
applying the more liberal approach set out in Soh Meiyun, I would still have
considered that this was not a proper case for the evidence to be admitted. My
reasons are as follows.

25 First, there was the question of non-availability of the evidence sought to
be adduced. The Prosecution ought to have been aware at least as early as the
time of the first appeal last year (which was heard in February 2016) that
they could have located these potential sources of information. By that time,
Mr Wong Siew Hong had already been instructed by the Madagascan Government,
and this was or ought to have been a fact known to the Prosecution, since he
kept a watching brief at the hearings of the first appeal, where the
possibility of an alternative charge under s 5(1) of the ESA was also at
issue. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Affidavit of Wong Siew Hong dated 15 February 2017 at para 3; Respondents’
submissions in CM 5/2017 at para 44.

It seemed to me, therefore, that the Prosecution knew from that point that
they had a potential source of information which might be relevant to the
alternative charge under s 5(1) of the ESA. The District Judge on hearing the
remitted trial had gone on to rule in favour of the respondents, resulting in
the appeals presently before me. She issued her written grounds of decision in
August 2016. There was ample time, with the exercise of reasonable diligence,
to procure these documents before the hearing of these appeals which took
place in December 2016. For reasons which remain unclear to me and have not
been adequately explained, this had not been done.

26 Instead, the only explanation put forth was that Mr Wong Siew Hong had
travelled to Madagascar in December 2016 (after the appeals were heard) and
the documents were only brought to the Prosecution’s attention in January
2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Prosecution’s submissions in CM 5/2017 at para 23.

With respect, this was a wholly inadequate explanation. It bears emphasis that
the question is not whether the evidence sought to be admitted was already in
the possession of the applicant at the time of the trial, but whether it could
with reasonable diligence have been so procured for use. On the facts, it
seemed to me that the evidence could have been obtained earlier. I was
therefore not persuaded that the “non-availability” condition had been
satisfied.

27 Turning to the reliability of the evidence, the fresh evidence – being
documents and statements produced by persons out of court – is entirely
hearsay. There was no agreement for the documents to be admitted and while Mr
Wong Siew Hong had deposed that the officials from the Madagascan Government
would avail themselves to testify in Singapore if necessary, the fact still
remained that the evidence was being sought to be introduced through him for
the purpose of these appeals. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Affidavit of Wong Siew Hong dated 15 February 2017 at para 23.

There was no certainty as to whether the foreign witnesses would attend before
the court, who amongst them would actually be prepared to travel to Singapore
to testify, or when this might be done. Furthermore, none of the makers of the
documents in question had attested to anything by way of affidavit and the
evidence only came in the form of an affidavit filed by Mr Wong Siew Hong. The
upshot of all this was that the evidence, even if admissible, could not be
given much weight.

28 More crucially, the evidence did not appear to be inherently reliable when
viewed in the full context of what the Prosecution themselves had placed
before the court at trial. This was not the first time that the authenticity
of the documents in D5 had been canvassed. This was a subject explored during
investigations. Between 3 and 4 December 2014, a delegation from Madagascar
visited Singapore following the seizure. On 9 January 2015, Mr Ramaparany
Ramanana of the Madagascan Forestry Ministry wrote to Ms Lye Fong Keng (“Ms
Lye”) of the AVA, referencing the earlier visit in December, and stated that
he “confirm[ed] the authenticity of the documents.” 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP, p 111, line 17 to p 113, line 12.

There was no explanation why there has been an apparent shift in the
Madagascan Government’s position on certain aspects of evidence (eg, CITES
documents and whether the vessel was anchored off Madagascar at all). In the
absence of such explanation, the reliability of the documents sought to be
tendered is questionable.

29 Finally, there was the issue of prejudice. When the matter was remitted for
the defence to be called, the charge that was preferred against each
respondent was one under s 4(1) of the ESA and the evidence was as it stood
before me at the time of the first appeal. The respondents clearly made their
decision not to offer evidence in their own defence on that basis. If the
Motion were allowed, fairness would demand that the respondents be permitted
at least the opportunity of reconsidering their decision not to give evidence,
if not a retrial of the matter in its entirety. Either way, this would allow
re-litigation of the matter at a stage when the appeals have already been
heard and judgment is about to be delivered. In Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid
v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R) 410 at [6], the Court of Appeal stressed
that the power granted to the court to permit further evidence on appeal
always had to be “balanced by the public interest in the finality of trial and
ensuring that trials are not reopened each time evidence that should have been
admitted at first instance was not admitted.” I bear this well in mind. In my
judgment, this was not a case in which leave should be given for further
evidence to be adduced.

The parties’ cases on appeal

30 I turn now to the merits of the appeal. Mr Kwek Mean Luck (“Mr Kwek”),
counsel for the Prosecution, submits that neither the sole purpose nor the
control conditions had been satisfied and that the District Judge had erred in
both fact and in law in concluding that they had been. Turning, first, to the
sole purpose condition, Mr Kwek contends that the District Judge had failed
to: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 54.

(a) Consider the totality of the evidence, particularly the documentary
evidence, which he argues “constituted an overwhelming body of circumstantial
evidence that Singapore was intended as the ultimate destination of [the
Rosewood]”.

(b) Place adequate weight on the respondents’ failure to identify the identity
of the buyer in Hong Kong who was to have received the Rosewood in support of
their claim that the Rosewood was only in transit in Singapore.

(c) Draw an adverse inference against the respondents for electing not to take
the stand to give evidence in their defence, particularly in relation to the
issue of the purpose for which the Rosewood had been brought to Singapore
(which was a matter within their knowledge).

31 On the control condition, Mr Kwek submits that the District Judge had
misapplied the test which had been laid down in No Case GD (HC). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 30(b).

He contends that in order for a scheduled species to be deemed to be within
the “control” of the Director-General or an authorised officer within the
meaning of s 2(2) of the ESA, it would not suffice to show that the species
had been placed within a “secured area under [Singapore] Customs’
jurisdictional control” (in this case, Jurong FTZ). Instead, he submits that
the Director-General or the authorised officer (as the case may be) must be
shown to have had actual knowledge of the existence of the scheduled species.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 78, 83, and 89.

He argues that this requirement has not been met because (a) the cargo
declarations submission to Jurong Port were “sorely lacking in material
detail” and (b) it was clear from the evidence which had been led at the trial
that Singapore Customs was unaware of the fact that the Rosewood was being
unloaded, let alone that it had exercised any control over the process or
specifically designated J16 for the unloading of the Rosewood. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 92 and 94.

32 Mr Muralidharan Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), counsel for the respondents,
submitted to the contrary. On the sole purpose condition, he contends that
there is sufficient evidence to raise a reasonable doubt as to the
Prosecution’s case that the respondents had brought the Rosewood into
Singapore other than for the sole purpose of taking it out again. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 85.

Specifically, he points to:

(a) The evidence given by Mr Tan in relation to the scope of his work, namely,
that he was hired to containerise and move the Rosewood from Jurong Port to
PSA Port. In this regard, he stresses that while the bookings made by Mr Tan
for the containers for shipment to Hong Kong were expressed to be “tentative”
(see [17(b)] above), what was not tentative was the fact that Mr Tan (more
specifically, Jaguar Express) had a binding contractual obligation to make
arrangements for the Rosewood to be shipped overseas. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 90–91.

(b) Mr Wee’s testimony that he “understood” that the Rosewood was meant to be
containerised and shipped out of Singapore. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 92.

(c) The “inconsistent positions” the Prosecution had taken throughout the
investigative process. He noted that the Prosecution had first proceeded
against the respondents on the basis of a charge under s 5(2) of the ESA,
which was framed on the basis that the Rosewood was bound for Hong Kong before
“chang[ing] tack to assert that the rosewood logs were brought into Singapore
with no intention to be brought out of Singapore.” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 98.

33 Drawing on the above, Mr Pillai further submits that the District Judge had
rightly ruled that no adverse inference was to be drawn in the circumstances
since (a) the evidence led by the Prosecution did not “satisfy the evidential
threshold on a standard of “beyond reasonable doubt” and (b) the evidence that
had been led thus far did not “call for an explanation which the accused alone
can give” [emphases in original]. Adding to this, he contends that the
respondents’ case was adequately made out on the basis of the documentary
evidence before the court and on the evidence of the Prosecution’s own
witnesses (in particular, that of Mr Tan) and that there was nothing further
that Mr Wong could add that would not be criticised as being “self-serving”.
30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 140(b).

34 On the control condition, Mr Pillai submits that the Prosecution’s failure
to call any witnesses to “affirmatively state that Singapore Customs lacked
knowledge of the [Rosewood]” is “fatal” to its case, given that the burden of
proof lies on the Prosecution to establish that the requisite control was
absent. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 155, 158, and 170.

In any event, Mr Pillai adds, the evidence on the events prior to the seizure
(in particular, the correspondence exchanged between Singapore Customs and
RILO AP: see [9] above) in fact showed that Customs officers knew, and were in
a position to determine how the Rosewood would be used or moved. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 159–168.

Analysis

35 After careful consideration of the competing arguments, I conclude that the
Prosecution has proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the respondents had in
fact imported the Rosewood. Where the sole purpose condition is concerned, I
consider, with respect, that the District Judge had erred – first, by failing
to consider the totality of the evidence and reaching a conclusion which was,
in all the circumstances, against the weight of the evidence; and second, by
failing to draw an adverse inference against the respondents for their refusal
to give evidence when called upon to do so. Where the control condition is
concerned, I hold that the District Judge had misapprehended the appropriate
test for “control” and had, in so doing, wrongly concluded that the Rosewood
was within the control of an authorised officer at the relevant time.

The sole purpose condition

36 The sole purpose condition relates to the accused’s motive for bringing the
scheduled species to Singapore and is therefore a fact which is especially
within his/her knowledge (see No Case GD (HC) at [39(a)]). This attracts the
operation of s 108 of the EA, which states that where “any fact is especially
within the knowledge of any person, the burden of proving that fact is upon
him” (see s 108 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”)). Section 108
of the EA does not have the effect of imposing a burden on the accused to
prove that no crime had been committed (see the decision of the High Court in
Public Prosecutor v Chee Cheong Hin Constance [2006] 2 SLR(R) 24 at [95]).
Instead, it only applies in “exceptional cases” where it would be “impossible
or at any rate disproportionately difficult” for the Prosecution to prove a
fact which is especially within the knowledge of the accused which he can
“prove without difficulty or inconvenience” (ibid). As the Court of Appeal
recently explained (albeit in a civil context), s 108 of the EA only comes
into play after the plaintiff has established a prima facie case against the
defendant and the defendant then seeks to avoid liability by asserting a fact
which is especially within his knowledge: in such a case, the defendant bears
the burden of proving the alleged fact to avoid liability (see Yap Son On v
Ding Pei Zhen [2017] SLR 219 at [80(c)], citing the decision of the Singapore
High Court in Surender Singh s/o Jagdish Singh and another (administrators of
the estate of Narindar Kaur d/o Sarwan Singh, deceased) v Li Man Kay and
others [2010] 1 SLR 428 at [221]).

37 In this case, the Prosecution has made out a prima facie case that the
Rosewood had not been brought into Singapore solely for the purpose of taking
it out again (see No Case GD (HC) at [66]) and the respondents accept that
they now bear the burden of raising reasonable doubt that the sole purpose
condition has been met. However, they submit that this burden should properly
be characterised as an “evidential”, and not a “legal” burden. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 57(b), 73(a), and 86.

What they mean by this, presumably, is that they bear the “tactical onus to
contradict, weaken or explain away the evidence that has been led” rather than
a primary “obligation to persuade the trier of fact that, in view of the
evidence, the fact in dispute exists [or does not exist, as the case might
be]” (see the decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal in Britestone Pte Ltd
v Smith & Associates Far East, Ltd [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [58]–[59]). This
obligation of contradiction is one which they say they have adequately
discharged despite their election to remain silent, purely on the basis of the
“existing documentary evidence and the oral evidence that the [Prosecution’s
own] witnesses have given.” 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 140(b).

38 With this in mind, and considering the matters raised by the parties in
their submissions, I approach this issue in three parts:

(a) First, I will evaluate the strength of the evidence put forward by the
Prosecution in support of its submission that the sole purpose condition has
not been satisfied.

(b) Second, I will consider the evidence which the respondents identify as
militating against a finding of guilt.

(c) Last, I will consider whether adverse inferences should be drawn on
account of the respondents’ election to remain silent.

The Prosecution’s case

39 When I considered this matter in the first appeal, I noted that there were
two aspects of the evidence which militated against the District Judge’s
assessment that the sole purpose condition had been satisfied (see No Case GD
(HC) at [64]). The first was the “substantial body of circumstantial evidence”
which suggested that the Rosewood had not been brought into Singapore solely
for the purpose of taking it out again (at [53]). This comprised the various
documents in D5 (which include, among other things, the bills of lading for
the shipments and various documents issued by statutory bodies in Madagascar),
all of which list Kong Hoo, a local company, as the consignee of the shipment
and, where relevant, Singapore as the port of discharge or the destination of
the shipment. Of particular relevance are four documents which were issued by
the Madagascan Forestry Ministry between 17 and 18 February 2014 authorising
Mr Zakaria Solihi to export a total of 30657 logs of Madagascan rosewood (the
“export documents”). The export documents identify Kong Hoo as the consignee
and list Kong Hoo’s business address in Singapore as the destination of the
shipment of Rosewood. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1st ROP at pp 570, 574, 576, and 580.

40 The relevance of these export documents, I explained then, lay in the fact
that the unchallenged evidence of Ms Lye was that under CITES procedure, the
name of the consignee listed on an export document would be the name of the
recipient in the ultimate destination (in this case, Hong Kong), and never the
name of the third party handling the shipment in transit (see No Case GD (HC)
at [57]). This was a fact which was clearly known to the Madagascan Forestry
Ministry, the authority responsible for the implementation of CITES in
Madagascar, which had purportedly issued these export documents. Gathering
these threads together, I concluded thus (at [59]):

It is notable that all the [export documents] in D5 – which the respondents
contended were valid national export documents and which were issued by the
Madagascan Forestry Ministry, the Management Authority responsible for the
implementation of CITES in Madagascar – list Kong Hoo as the consignee of the
shipment of Rosewood. I put aside, for present purposes, the dispute over the
authenticity of these documents and whether the zero export quota had ever
been lifted (see [8] and [19]–[22] above). What is undisputed is that almost
all of these documents were issued either on 17 February 2014 or 18 February
2014, after Madagascan rosewood had been listed as a scheduled species in
Appendix II of CITES. If it were inferred, as I think is reasonable, that D5
had been issued in accordance with usual CITES procedure, then it would follow
that the fact that a Singaporean company (Kong Hoo) was listed as the
consignee in D5 suggests that Singapore was the destination country for the
shipment. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

41 My point was that at the time these export documents were issued,
Madagascan rosewood was already protected under CITES. Whether or not there
was a domestic export embargo would not change the fact that the Rosewood was
still protected under CITES and would still be subject to the regulatory
requirements set out therein. Thus, even assuming in favour of the respondents
that the export documents are authentic and also assuming that there was a
“break” in the zero export quota, it would stand to reason that the Madagascan
Forestry Ministry would – in authorising an export of Madagascan rosewood –
comply with standard CITES procedure and list the ultimate destination of the
shipment in authorising the export of the Rosewood. There was no evidence to
explain why the usual CITES procedure might not have been adhered to in this
case. In my judgment, therefore, the fact that Kong Hoo was listed as the
named consignee was a significant point that strongly suggested that Singapore
was the ultimate destination for the shipment.

42 However, the District Judge did not, in the final analysis, consider this
point to be particularly persuasive. After observing that it was “highly
incongruous” that the original charge preferred against the respondents was
one under s 5(1) of the ESA and was based on the premise that the Rosewood was
to be shipped to Hong Kong, she expressed her complete agreement with the
following three arguments made by the respondents, whose submissions she cited
at length (see the Trial GD at [19]):

(a) First, it was clear that even the AVA did not think that the fact that a
local consignee was named in the shipping documents was conclusive, as evinced
by the fact that even after being informed that a local consignee was named in
the documents, it “continued to be unsure of whether the case was an import or
transhipment.”

(b) Second, there is nothing in the applicable legislation or regulations
raised that suggests that the named consignee on the CITES export documents
must reflect the name of the ultimate recipient in the country of ultimate
destination”; and further, no “independent evidence of practice or norm to
support the contention that the CITES export permits must name the ultimate
consignee was ever adduced.”

(c) Third, the Prosecution had already conceded the point where it
acknowledged that the identity of the consignee was not conclusive.

43 These points can be dealt with briefly. First, when the AVA was contacted
by Singapore Customs, it was only informed that the named consignee on the
bills of lading was Kong Hoo. At the time, it did not have sight of the export
documents issued by the Madagascan Forestry Ministry, which it only received
from Mr Wong during the course of investigations (see [9]–[11] above). Thus,
no weight can be placed on the AVA’s actions at the time. Second, it is
incorrect to say that there is no evidence of a practice that CITES export
permits will state the name of the consignee in the ultimate destination
country – there was. This was the uncontroverted evidence of Ms Lye, who
testified that CITES export permits were always issued on what she described
as a “back-to-back” basis such that the named consignee on the permit “has to
be the company in the final destination, the ultimate destination” (see No
Case GD (HC) at [57]–[58]). 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1st ROP, p 169, lines 7–24.

In this regard, I should also point out that Mr Pillai also accepted, during
the trial, that Ms Lye was the “subject matter expert” on the subject of CITES
regulations. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

1st ROP, p 135, line 24.

Third, while the District Judge was correct to say that the mere fact that a
local company is listed as the consignee in the export and shipping documents
may not be determinative (this is a point which the Prosecution also concedes
on appeal 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 57.

), it is certainly highly probative.

44 The second aspect of the evidence which I considered was the absence of any
details of what would happen to the Rosewood after it leaves Singapore.
Chiefly, I noted that there was (a) no information of the putative buyer in
Hong Kong, (b) no documentation of sale to a party in Hong Kong (or anywhere
else in the world for that matter), and (c) no confirmed bookings for the on-
shipment of the Rosewood. While Mr Tan testified that he had been told that
the Rosewood was meant for transhipment to Hong Kong, he had not been given
the details of the consignee in Hong Kong who was to receive the Rosewood or
the name of the ultimate buyer (see No Case GD (HC) at [60]). What was
particularly striking was the fact that when Mr Wong was interviewed, he was
asked to disclose the identity of the buyer in Hong Kong who was to receive
the shipment of Rosewood but “refused” to do so. As I explained at [63], this
refusal to disclose the identity of the Hong Kong buyer was incongruous
because providing evidence of such a buyer “would go a long way towards
absolving [the respondents] of legal liability”.

45 The District Judge only dealt with this point obliquely in the section of
her GD where she analysed the evidence of Mr Tan. I will turn to that shortly.
For now, however, it suffices to say that when this matter came before me for
the first time, the effect of these two aspects of the evidence, I concluded,
was that the Prosecution had made out a prima facie case that the sole purpose
condition had not been satisfied. I accepted that Mr Tan’s evidence could
possibly point in the other direction, but the question before me then was
simply whether his testimony provided evidence of such a “convincing and
conclusive” character that it “so discredited the Prosecution’s evidence or
showed it to be so manifestly unreliable that it would not be possible to
convict on it” [emphasis added] (see No Case GD (HC) at [65]). On that
occasion, I had no difficulty answering that question in the negative.
However, the question before me in the present appeals is different. Now, I
have to weigh all of the evidence and decide whether, on a final evaluation,
the charges have been proven beyond reasonable doubt. This requires me to
consider whether the effect of Mr Tan’s evidence (as well as the other matters
which Mr Pillai raised: see [32] above) is such that reasonable doubt has been
cast on whether the respondents had imported the Rosewood into Singapore. I
turn to that task.

The evidence of Mr Tan

46 Briefly summarised (see No Case GD (HC) at [23]), Mr Tan’s evidence was
that he had been engaged to unload the Rosewood from the vessel, containerise
it, and then truck it from Jurong Port to PSA Port. According to Mr Tan, he
had been told by Mr Wong that the Rosewood was meant to be shipped to Hong
Kong and, to that end, he had provided Kong Hoo with two quotations. The first
was for ocean freight charges from Singapore to Hong Kong (exhibit D17); the
second was for the cost of moving the cargo from Jurong Port to PSA Port
(exhibit D18). Both of these quotations were signed by Mr Wong on behalf of
Kong Hoo and marked “Confirmed & Accepted”. Further to that, Mr Tan also made
a “tentative booking” for 30 containers on a vessel which was bound for Hong
Kong on 16 March 2014. Taking all of this into consideration, the District
Judge found that Mr Tan’s evidence “led to only one “inexorable conclusion”,
namely, that the “Rosewood was to be shipped out of Singapore” (see the Trial
GD at [22]) as it “irrefutably show[ed]” that there was a confirmed present
intention by the [respondents] to ship the [Rosewood]” (at [24]).

47 Mr Tan’s evidence was largely unchallenged, and there is no basis to
disagree with the District Judge’s finding that he was a “candid witness”.
However, it is important to parse his evidence carefully. When he took the
stand, he explained that Jaguar Express held itself out as a “one-stop
logistic” company. What he meant by this was that even though it was engaged
primarily in the business of providing haulier services (that is, the
transportation of goods by road) for customers who were transhipping goods, he
would also – on request – act as a freight broker and assist his customers by
“book[ing] the freight for them to go to which country”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

1st ROP, p 191, lines 9–15.

This can be seen from D17 and D18.

(a) D17 relates to the charges for freighting goods from Singapore to Hong
Kong on a “CY to CY” (container yard to container yard) basis and it sets out,
among other things, the freight and the terminal handling charges that would
be levied per container. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

1st ROP,  p 647.

At the end of the first page it records that Jaguar Express had
“[t]entatively” identified four vessels with a capacity to carry 120
containers but there is no indication that any particular departure date had
been selected. This is consistent with Mr Tan’s testimony at trial, where he
explained that as at the date of seizure (14 March 2014), he had only made a
single “tentative booking” for 30 containers worth of space on a vessel
scheduled to depart on 16 March 2014 (see [46] above). On the second page of
D17, it was said that “[a]ll other charges such as shipping charges i.e. LCL
[less than container load], FCL [full container load] and other related
charges … will be borne by Kong Hoo.” This makes it clear that Jaguar
Express’s role was simply that of broker – its obligations extended only to
securing a suitable vessel for Kong Hoo’s use at a time and date of its
election, and not the actual carriage of the goods.

(b) D18, on the other hand, relates to the haulier arm of Jaguar Express’s
business. In the subject line of the document, it is explicitly said that this
was for a “Quotation for Log Wood (3000MT [metric tonnes] to 4000MT” (unlike
D17, where there is no mention of the Rosewood at all) and that what was being
contemplated was the movement of the goods from “Jurong Port to PSA Port”, and
nothing more. This is clear from the body of the document, where there is a
list of the fees Jaguar Express would levy for, among other things, supplying
the forklifts needed for the unloading of the Rosewood. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1st ROP, p 649.

48 One major subject of disagreement between the parties was whether those
documents constituted binding contracts or whether they were mere “quotations”
(by which I presume they mean, to put it in contractual parlance, mere
invitations to treat or, at best, offers which had not yet been accepted). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 47; Respondents’ submissions at paras 90–91.

As a matter of law, the question whether they were binding contracts does not
turn on the name used in the title of the document (though it is certainly
relevant), but on the intention of the contracting parties. More specifically,
the question is whether there was a meeting of minds to be bound by terms
which are both certain and complete (see Likpin International Ltd v Swiber
Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR 962 at [42]). Whether this is so or not
is, in my judgment, neither here nor there. Even if I assume in favour of the
respondents that the documents constitute binding contracts, all they show is
that the respondents had a firm intention to containerise and move the
Rosewood from Jurong Port to PSA Port and that they had, additionally,
retained the services of Jaguar Express to act as their agent to secure them a
vessel to transport 120 containers to Hong Kong on request and at an as yet
unconfirmed date. Neither of these documents “irrefutably shows”, as the
District Judge held to be the case, that the respondents had a “confirmed
present intention” [emphasis added] to ship the Rosewood out of Singapore (see
the Trial GD at [24]).

49 The overall picture does not change even when we consider Mr Tan’s
testimony. Shortly after he took the stand, Mr Tan was asked what the scope of
his work was, and the following exchange was recorded: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

1st ROP, p 186, line 18 to p 187, line 5.

Q: After the logs are stuffed into containers, what are you supposed to do
with them?

A: Again?

Q: What is the scope of your job after they are stuffed into containers?

A: Okay, after the – okay, the wood, once off-load at the landing area, we are
to stuff inside the container and trans-ship to the other port, to PSA port.

Q: After that?

A: After that our job is clear.

Q: Your job is done?

A: Yes.

The purport of Mr Tan’s evidence, in other words, is that he was engaged
primarily to truck the goods from Jurong Port to PSA Port but knew little
about arrangements for the shipment of the goods out of Singapore A little
later, he was asked to provide more details on the scope of his work and he
said this: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

1st ROP, p194, lines 1–19.

Q: You were supposed to assist Mr Wong to convey the cargo to Hong Kong, does
your job stop there, or are you supposed to also discharge from Hong Kong?

A: Convey, what do you mean by convey.

Q: Bring the cargo to Hong Kong.

A: No, we don't bring the cargo to Hong Kong, shipping line will bring the
container to Hong Kong.

Q: So you arrange --

A: Our job is that once we move the freight -- once the container reach PSA,
once the container reach PSA, once custom have take out the [red seal] we
bring it to PSA, PSA crane lift down to the floor, it's no more our problem
already.

Q: So once the containers reach the vessel to leave Singapore, your job is
done?

A: One the container reach PSA, our job is done.

Q: Were you given any particulars of the Hong Kong consignee or buyer of the
cargo?

A: No.

50 The District Judge gave short shrift to what she considered to be the
Prosecution’s misconceived attempt to “discredit the unchallenged evidence by
submitting that the bookings of the vessels were tentative” (see the Trial GD
at [24]). She pointed out that Mr Tan’s evidence had to be understood in
context. She noted that Mr Tan had explained during the trial that he was not
sure how long it would take for all the Rosewood to be unloaded and
containerised so he had made a tentative booking for a smaller number of
containers (that is to say, smaller than the “100 over containers” that would
be required for the full shipment of Rosewood) 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

1st ROP, p 191, line 23.

with the expectation that he would confirm the reservation once he had better
knowledge of the progress of the work (ibid). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

1st ROP, p 192, lines 8–16; p 193, lines 15–25.

This, she held, provided a plausible explanation for why the bookings were
tentative. If this were the whole of the relevant context, then I would be
inclined to agree with the District Judge that the argument on the tentative
nature of the bookings would not take the Prosecution very far. However, the
points to be examined are finer than that. It is not just the 16 March 2014
booking that is tentative, but the entire nature of the on-shipment project.
As I noted above, there were:

(a) no indications from the shipping or export documents in D5 that the
Rosewood was bound for anywhere other than Singapore;

(b) no confirmed departure dates for the Rosewood; and

(c) no evidence of a foreign consignee who would receive the Rosewood or the
buyer in respect of whom the respondents would owe a contractual obligation to
deliver the Rosewood to by a stipulated time.

51 Mr Tan explained that the bookings of the containers were to be made in
batches based on the quantity offloaded, each batch catering for about 6000
logs and requiring 30 containers. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1st ROP, p 192, lines 8–16; p 193, lines 15–25..

D17 had thus made reference to four vessels with a capacity to carry 120
containers. Tentatively, the vessel carrying the first shipment was to leave
for Hong Kong on 16 March 2014. After each shipment of 30 containers, Jaguar
Express would book another 30 containers “basing on the cargo at hand” for
departure in three days’ time. Going by Mr Tan’s estimates, therefore, it
would have easily taken more than 120 containers to ship all the 29,434 logs
and at least 15 days (starting from 16 March 2014) to carry out the operation.
However, even after the 6164 logs had been offloaded, the respondents took no
steps to confirm the booking of the containers and arrange for
containerisation for shipment. Mr Tan’s explanation tellingly reveals that
before the AVA moved in on 14 March 2014, all that Jaguar Express had done was
to call the shipping line and “roughly to tell them say that we will be
booking 30 containers, but we still not knowing to confirm yet”. One would
reasonably have expected, if there had indeed been a genuine and confirmed
buyer in Hong Kong (or elsewhere), that there ought to have been confirmed
bookings by 14 March 2014 for the first batch of containers to be shipped.

52 The upshot of all this, as I explained in my first judgment, is that there
is “no clarity from the evidence thus far that the ultimate destination for
the Rosewood was always meant to be Hong Kong or, for that matter, any other
place outside Singapore” (see No Case GD (HC) at [66]). The only definite
obligation – the “whole project”, as Mr Tan put it 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

1st ROP, p 185, line 11.

– was the haulier work of moving the goods from Jurong Port to PSA Port.
However, what was to happen to the Rosewood after that was not a matter that
was clear from the evidence. Of course, it was possible, as I previously
opined, that the “respondents might well be able to satisfactorily explain
these matters away but they were matters which called out for an explanation”
[emphasis added] (at [64]). As it turned out, the respondents have elected not
to testify. This raises the following questions: why not, whether an adverse
inference should be drawn against them, and, if so, what the appropriate
inference ought to be.

Should any adverse inferences be drawn?

53 Section 291(3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
provides that if an accused has been called on by the court to give evidence
but refuses to do so under oath or on affirmation, the court, “in deciding
whether the accused is guilty of the offence, may draw such inferences from
the refusal as appear proper.” In Haw Tua Tau, the Privy Council opined that
the proper inferences to be drawn would “depend on the circumstances of the
particular case, and is a question to be decided by applying ordinary
principles” (at [21]). The following guiding propositions can be distilled
from the authorities:

(a) An adverse inference would properly be drawn where the “facts clearly call
for an explanation which the accused ought to be a position to give” (see the
decision of the House of Lords in Murray v Director of Public Prosecutions
[1994] 1 WLR 1 at 11 per Lord Slynn, cited with approval by the Singapore
Court of Appeal in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R)
619 at [82]).

(b) An adverse inference may justifiably be drawn where the circumstantial
evidence is such as to demand that the accused proffer some explanation, even
if the objective evidence does not itself establish guilt (see Oh Laye Koh at
[15]).

(c) In appropriate cases, the proper inference to be drawn is that of guilt
itself (see the decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal in Took Leng How v
Public Prosecutor [2006] 2 SLR(R) 70 (“Took Leng How”) at [42]). In other
cases, an adverse inference is an “additional factor to consider in assessing
whether the appellant’s guilt had been established beyond reasonable doubt”
which can lend weight to an assessment of the accused’s culpability and, when
considered cumulatively with the other evidence, be sufficient to establish
guilt (see Oh Laye Koh at [17]).

(d) An adverse inference cannot be drawn solely for the purpose of bolstering
a weak case; there must be basis for a drawing of an inference and it “cannot
fill in any gaps in the prosecution’s case; it cannot be used as a make-weight
(see Took Leng How at [43], citing the decision of the High Court of Australia
in Weissensteiner v R (1993) 178 CLR 217).

(e) An adverse inference cannot be drawn if it appears to the court that the
accused’s “physical or mental condition makes it undesirable for him to be
called on to give evidence” (see s 291(6) of the CPC).

54 Applying these principles to the facts, I conclude that an adverse
inference should be drawn. As I explained in the previous section, the
evidence on the issue thus far was ambivalent and called for an explanation.
The question whether the Rosewood had been brought into Singapore solely for
the purpose of being brought out again is a matter that is entirely within Mr
Wong’s knowledge. He could have placed the matter beyond any doubt by taking
the stand to give evidence on, among other things, (a) the details of his
commercial relationship with Mr Solihi and how he had come to be engaged as
the consignee of the shipment of Rosewood; (b) the details of his plan to
trans-ship the Rosewood, including the identity of his buyer in Hong Kong; and
(c) why he elected not to provide Ms Lye with any details of the ostensible
buyer in Hong Kong when he was questioned. And of course, if he had taken the
stand, his evidence would have been tested in cross-examination, which is the
cornerstone of the adversarial process for getting to the truth (see the
decision of the Singapore Court of Appeal in Teo Wai Cheong v Crédit
Industriel et Commercial and another appeal [2013] 3 SLR 573 at [25]).

55 Mr Pillai had argued that there would be little utility in having Mr Wong
take the stand because any evidence he might give at this juncture would “most
likely be criticised … as being self-serving.” With respect, I find this
submission difficult to follow. Taken to its logical conclusion, it would mean
that adverse inferences could never be drawn against an accused for a refusal
to testify on the basis that any evidence given by the accused would
invariably be deemed “self-serving”. Indeed, it is precisely in circumstances
when the evidence given by a witness is criticised as being self-serving that
cross-examination comes into its own. The evidence of the witness can then be
tested and a comparison can be made between what is said on the stand and what
was disclosed in statements he made in the course of investigations. Should
there be unexplained discrepancies, the witness’s credit can be impeached, or
submissions can then be made that adverse inferences be drawn (see ss 258 and
261 of the CPC).

56 For these reasons, I do not agree with Mr Pillai that there is “nothing
material that Mr Wong may add” or that there was “no utility for Mr Wong to
add to the combined strength of the evidence”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 140(b)(iv).

There plainly was. The question is what adverse inference should properly be
drawn from the respondents’ refusal to give evidence. In my judgment, the
proper inference would be that which I set out at [63] of the No Case GD (HC):

… It might reasonably be inferred, from the respondents’ refusal to disclose
the name of their Hong Kong buyer and from the absence of any documentation of
sale or any confirmed bookings for the on-shipment of the Rosewood, that the
respondents did not have any confirmed buyer in Hong Kong. If they did, there
would have been no reason for them to withhold this information from the AVA
or from the court, particularly since it would go a long way towards absolving
them of legal liability. Following from this, the proper interpretation of the
evidence would seem to be that the respondents had brought the Rosewood into
Singapore in the hope that it might be shipped to Hong Kong if a suitable Hong
Kong buyer could be found but with the intention that until and unless this
came to pass, the Rosewood was to remain within Singapore. [emphasis in
original removed; emphasis added in bold italics]

Conclusion on the sole purpose condition

57 In order to show that a scheduled species had been “brought into Singapore
solely for the purpose of taking it out of Singapore” [emphasis added], what
is required is a concrete present intention, at the time of entry of the
scheduled species into Singapore, for it to be brought out; a contingent
future intention is not sufficient. What I mean by this is that there must be
proof that the scheduled species is definitely to leave Singapore at some
defined date(s); it will not be enough to show – as I have found to be the
case here – that the departure remains tentative and subject to the
satisfaction of a condition (in this case, the successful sourcing of a buyer
in Hong Kong) which might or might not be fulfilled.

58 In my judgment, this comports with the purpose and object of the ESA. The
danger of having goods in transit, as I explained in the No Case GD (HC), is
two-fold. First, it would allow middlemen to keep goods in limbo in a transit
country while they shopped for buyers (at [67] and [68]). Second, it would
open the door for smugglers to circumvent CITES protections by disposing of
their scheduled species en route (at [91]). These dangers persist so long as
the specimens remain in transit. The point, for present purposes, is that if a
contingent future intention were sufficient, the door would be open for a
scheduled species to remain in a transit country indefinitely, thereby
lengthening the period of vulnerability. This would undermine the clear
Parliamentary intent behind the enactment of the ESA, which is to prevent
Singapore, a major international shipping hub, from being used as a staging
area for the illegal trade in endangered species (at [93]).

59 As I explained in the No Case GD (HC) at [89], the drafters of CITES were
concerned that the administrative burden of issuing certificates might be too
onerous and so they were careful to specify that there should be no need for
certificates to be issued if specimens “were only passing through the
territory of a third state” [emphasis added] (see David S Favre, International
Trade in Endangered Species: A Guide to CITES (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers,
1989) at p 168). I have stressed the words “passing through” because it
contemplates a situation in which the specimens are but journeying through a
third state en route to its destination. The ESA, which had been passed to
give effect to Singapore’s obligations under CITES, should as far as possible
be interpreted in a manner which gives effect to the objects of the
Convention.

60 In ruling this way, I am of course mindful of what I said at [70], which is
that the courts cannot set out a test for “transit” which is “contra legem the
express words of the ESA.” This means that I cannot rule, as the Prosecution
submitted in the first appeal ought to be the case, that if export documents
do not contain details of (a) the ultimate destination of the shipment and (b)
a named consignee in that destination country then the shipment must have been
considered to have been imported. That would clearly amount to a re-writing of
the statute. Rather, I am interpreting the words of s 2(2) of the ESA by
holding that in order for it to be said that a scheduled species had been
brought into Singapore “solely” for the purpose of being taken out again, what
is required is proof that the person in question had a concrete present
intention to take it out of Singapore again. In my judgment, this is properly
within the scope of the court’s interpretive jurisdiction.

61 Viewing matters in the round, I hold that the totality of the evidence,
coupled with the adverse inference drawn from the respondents’ silence, is
sufficient to prove that the sole purpose condition has not been satisfied. On
this basis alone, the appeal should be allowed because the Rosewood cannot be
considered to have been lawfully imported in compliance with the ESA. However,
for the sake of completeness, I will go on to examine the arguments presented
in respect of the control condition.

The control condition

62 At [94] of the No Case GD (HC), I held that:

… the “control” envisaged by s 2(2)(c) of the ESA must be a form of active
control in the sense that the person in question both knows of the existence
of the goods and is in a position to determine how these goods should be used
or moved. This control must be operative. It cannot merely be the sort of
passive superintendence or jurisdictional control contemplated in the notion
of “customs control” (see [81] above). For instance, it would not suffice if
the goods were merely placed in a location where it is subject to the
enforcement authority or power of the Director-General or the authorised
officer if no actual steps were taken for some form of conscious oversight to
be exercised over the scheduled species. This would also comport with the way
that s 2(2) of the ESA is drafted, which seems to contemplate that scheduled
species which leave the conveyance they arrived in should nevertheless remain
at least as secured as they would be if they had remained on board (see [88]
above). [emphasis in original removed; emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

63 As is clear from the above, in order for a scheduled species to be under
the “control” of an “authorised officer”, two conditions must be satisfied:
(a) the authorised officer must know of the existence of the goods and (b) the
authorised officer must have the power to determine how those goods should be
used and moved. The touchstone is that of “conscious oversight” – “actual
steps” must be taken to secure the integrity of the shipment and it would not
suffice if the goods were merely placed within a zone over which the
authorised officer exercised general control. If the goods are not in the
physical custody of the authorised officer then it must “usually be shown that
[the authorised officers] had taken precautions to secure the integrity of the
shipment” (at [95]).

64 In the present case, it is not disputed that the Director-General of
Customs (and, by extension, the customs officers under his charge who are
“authorised officers” within the meaning of s 2(1) of the ESA) has the power
to control the movement of goods in Jurong FTZ. This was the unchallenged
evidence of Deputy Superintendent Roy Tan of Singapore Customs (see No Case GD
(HC) at [13]) and it is clearly established by statute. Two points will be
sufficient to illustrate this. First, the Director-General of Customs is
generally empowered to give directions as to the entry or exit of goods in a
free trade zone (see reg 2(c) of the Free Trade Zone Regulations (Cap 114, Rg
1, 2014 Rev Ed)); second, the stuffing and unstuffing of every container may
only take place under the supervision of a customs officer (see reg 10 of the
Customs (Container) Regulations (Cap 70, Rg 1, 2002 Rev Ed)). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 83 and 89; Respondents’ submissions at
paras 179–182.

The crux of the dispute, therefore, lies with the criterion of knowledge.

The District Judge’s analysis

65 The District Judge dealt with the issue of knowledge at [35] of the Trial
GD, where she observed as follows:

…The evidence of Mr Alan Tan establishes that permission had to be sought from
Jurong Port to discharge the cargo. He said:

Q: After that, do you know where the cargo was moved to?

A: Okay, the cargo was moved when the vessel Oriental Pride came in to
Singapore, we discharge the cargo. Before that, the regulation of applying for
any vessel to come in to Jurong Port or Singapore port, that's to discharge
the cargo. So Jurong Port will give us a landing area. So-called to put the
cargo, whether you want to do for local state or trans-shipment state, they
will give you an area to put, to leave the -- taking out from the vessel to
the landing area.

So the Oriental Pride, Jurong Port have give us an area to put all the wood at
the landing area.

It is clear from Mr Alan Tan’s evidence that J16 was assigned by Singapore
Customs for the discharge of the logs.

[emphasis added]

66 With respect, there are at least three problems with this passage. First,
there appears to be a disconnect in the reasoning. The District Judge seems to
have inferred, from the fact that permission had to be sought from Jurong Port
for the discharge of the cargo, that Singapore Customs knew of the existence
of the Rosewood. As the Prosecution rightly pointed out, the conflation of the
two entities is problematic. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 94.

As is clear from the schema of the Free Trade Zones Act (Cap 114, 2014 Rev Ed)
and the subsidiary legislation issued thereunder, the “authority” of a free
trade zone (in this case, Jurong Port Pte Ltd) is distinct from Singapore
Customs, which exercises broad supervisory powers over the entry and exit of
all goods in Singapore and whose officers, additionally, are “authorised
officers” within the meaning of s 2(2) of the ESA. It is therefore erroneous
to equate permission granted by Jurong Port for the unloading of the cargo
with permission granted by Singapore Customs.

67 Secondly, the District Judge moved too quickly from the fact that
permission had to be sought for “the cargo” to be unloaded to inferring that
J16 had been assigned for the discharge of “the [rosewood] logs” [emphases
added]. The relevance of that is this. At the time permission was sought for
the discharge of the shipment, the only information about the shipment Jurong
Port had (at least as far as the evidence on record shows) was contained in
the two cargo manifests which had been submitted to its online system. The
cargo manifests only contained the bland description “pieces logs” without any
indication that the logs in question were scheduled species protected under
the ESA (see the Trial GD at [34]). 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1st ROP at pp 304–305.

Thus, even assuming for the sake of argument that no distinction is to be
drawn between Jurong Port and Singapore Customs (as Mr Pillai argued), the
fact that permission had been granted for “the cargo” (which, at the time, was
known only to be “pieces logs”) to be unloaded at J16 would provide no basis
for inferring that Singapore Customs had known of the existence of the
Rosewood and permitted it to be unloaded at J16.

68 Thirdly, and perhaps most problematically, the District Judge’s finding
that Singapore Customs had assigned J16 for the unloading of the Rosewood
appears to fly in the face of the established facts. For a start, if Singapore
Customs had indeed assigned J16 for the discharge of the Rosewood (thus
suggesting that it had permitted or sanctioned that it be unloaded there) then
why would it have assisted the AVA with the interdiction of the shipment?
Furthermore, the evidence clearly shows that the AVA (and, presumably,
Singapore Customs who was assisting the AVA with the detention of the Rosewood
53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1st ROP, p 51, lines 13–21.

) was unaware that the Rosewood was being unloaded. This much is clear from
the evidence of the four AVA officers who were involved in the seizure, all of
whom testified that they only discovered that a portion of the Rosewood had
been unloaded after they had boarded the Vessel and were informed of this by a
member of the crew. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Conditioned statement of Leong Yew Chung at para 3 (1st ROP, pp 315–316);
conditioned statement of Raghbir Singh at para 4 (1st ROP, p 318); conditioned
statement of Kee Boon Hwei at para 4 (1st ROP, pp 320–321); conditioned
statement of Cheong Vincent at para 4 (1st ROP, p 324). See also, the oral
testimony of Kee Boon Hwei (1st ROP, p 225, line 19 to p 226, line 12).

Their evidence on this was unchallenged during cross-examination and I accept
it as evidence that the relevant authorities (the AVA and Singapore Customs)
neither knew nor permitted the Rosewood to be unloaded. For this reason, I
also reject Mr Pillai’s submission that the Prosecution had failed to lead
evidence that the control condition had not been satisfied. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 158.

69 The District Judge was aware of the inadequacy of the description in the
cargo manifests, but she did not appear to think that it was a problem, for
she later wrote, expressing agreement with the submissions of the respondents,
that there “is no provision in the ESA requiring a person to provide specific
information about scheduled species for the purposes of transhipment” (see the
Trial GD at [37]). Instead, she pointed out that all that was required under
the ESA was that the scheduled species be accompanied by valid export
documentation from the country of export or re-export, as the case might be.
Presumably, she found that there was such documentation, because of the export
documents which were marked as D5. Furthermore, she later observed, the
evidence of Mr Tan was that before the Rosewood could leave Jurong FTZ, a
permit would first have to be obtained from Singapore Customs and this would
require them to declare the nature of the cargo sought to be moved and a “red
seal” would have to be placed on the container before it left Jurong FTZ for
PSA Port to ensure that there would be no tampering en route (at [38]–[39]).

70 These points are correct, so far as they go, but they do not provide an
adequate answer to the matters in issue. The complaint here is not that the
respondents had failed to provide a “full and correct statement of the goods
in transit”. As is clear from s 39(1)(b) of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev
Ed), this is an obligation which falls on the master on every vessel entering
Singapore, and not on the consignee of the goods. Rather, the issue here is
that in order for the Rosewood to be said to have been within the “control” of
an authorised officer at all times, the evidence must show that the authorised
officers in question knew of the existence of the scheduled species, and the
points listed by the District Judge in the Trial GD, taken at their highest,
only establish that Singapore Customs would have been apprised of the contents
of the shipment at the point of their departure from Jurong FTZ. However, the
requirement under s 2(2) of the ESA is clear and unequivocal: in order for a
scheduled species to be considered “in transit”, it must be within the control
of an authorised officer throughout the period of time it spends outside a
conveyance (see No Case GD (HC) at [94]).

Whether knowledge can be inferred from the tip-off

71 In his submissions, Mr Pillai took me through the sequence of events
leading up to the seizure of the Rosewood in order to establish that Singapore
Customs knew – because of the tip-off from RILO AP (see [9] above) – about the
Rosewood and were therefore able to exert the requisite control over the
shipment from the time it was unloaded at Jurong FTZ. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Respondents’ submissions at paras 159–167.

With respect, however, I cannot agree with this argument. As is clear from the
correspondence, neither Singapore Customs nor RILO AP knew if the Vessel
contained Madagascan rosewood – instead, there was merely a “strong suspicion”
that it did (see the No Case GD (HC) at [10]). Instead, it was the
unchallenged evidence of Ms Lye that confirmation could only be had after the
AVA officers had boarded the Vessel and examined exposed heartwood of the logs
(at [14]). This much is clear, also, from the seizure form which was issued
shortly after the AVA officers boarded the vessel. In it, it was stated that a
total of “29,434 PIECES OF ALLEGED ROSEWOOD (DALBERGIA BARONII) LOGS”
[capitalisation in original; emphasis added in underline] had been seized
under s 11(1) of the ESA.

72 Furthermore, I think it is important not to miss the wood for the trees and
to step back and examine the core of the notion of control. During the first
appeal, the issue before me was whether goods which are deemed to be under
“customs control” within the meaning of the Customs Act must ipso facto be
deemed to be under the “control” of an “authorised officer” within the meaning
of s 2(2)(c) of the ESA. I answered that in the negative. In my judgment,
purposively construed, it was clear that the object of the control requirement
was to ensure that “scheduled species which leave the conveyance they arrived
in should nevertheless remain at least as secured as they would be if they had
remained on board” (at [94]). That being the case, it would not suffice if the
scheduled species were merely placed in a locality over which an authorised
officer exercised dominion or jurisdictional control (at [98]). Instead, it
had to be shown that “actual steps had been taken for some form of conscious
oversight to be exercised over the scheduled species” [emphasis added] (at
[94]); and whether such control existed was a “question of fact the answer to
which would depend on the circumstances of each case” (at [95]). There is no
evidence of such conscious oversight here. Even if it were the case that
Singapore Customs and/or the AVA had confirmation that the Vessel contained
Rosewood (perhaps because of inside information or otherwise), it would not be
sufficient, as there is no evidence that active steps had been taken to secure
the integrity of the shipment.

73 In my judgment, therefore, the conclusion to be drawn from the evidence is
that “[t]here is no evidence from Mr Tan that any [authorised officer] … was
aware of the fact that the Rosewood was being unloaded, let alone that they
exercised any control over the process” (see No Case GD (HC) at [97]). I would
therefore allow the appeal on this ground as well.

Conclusion

74 As a final point, I note that much has been made of the Prosecution having
allegedly flip-flopped on the charge against each respondent by first
preferring a charge under s 5(1) of the ESA before amending it to a charge
under s 4(1) of the ESA and then, finally, reverting to its original case
under s 5(1) of the ESA in the alternative (see the Trial GD at [44]). 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Respondents’ submissions at para 46.

As I observed in Public Prosecutor v Chua Siew Wei Kathleen [2016] 2 SLR 713
at [51], if a prosecution is poorly conducted, this will manifest itself in,
among other things, weak evidence and poorly-particularised charges. These are
matters which will be subjected to the court’s scrutiny and are likely to
affect the outcome of the case, and might well not be capable of being
remedied on appeal as was the case here in relation to the applications to
adduce further evidence on appeal. However, the manner in which the
Prosecution exercises its charging decision cannot – absenting proof of bad
faith, malice, or unconstitutional behaviour – per se have a bearing on the
forensic exercise, which is to determine whether each and every element of the
offence has been proved beyond a reasonable doubt.

75 Having held that the charges under s 4(1) of the ESA are made out, I do not
need to consider if the District Judge had erred in not acceding to the
Prosecution’s request for an amendment of the charges.

76 Pursuant to s 390(1)(a) of the CPC, I set aside the acquittals ordered by
the District Judge and convict the respondents of the charges preferred
against them. I will now hear parties on the proper sentence to be passed.

See Kee Oon  
Judge

Kwek Mean Luck, Tan Wen Hsien, Sarah Shi, and Zhuo Wenzhao (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the appellant;  
K Muralidharan Pillai, Paul Tan, and Jonathan Lai  
(Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) (instructed), Choo Zheng Xi (Peter Low LLC) for
the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

