Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courts of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 8

Divorce Transfer No 4187 of 2011

Between

TYU  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TYV  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Civil procedure] — [Costs] — [Principles] — [Matrimonial cases]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TYU

  

v

  

TYV

[2017] SGHCF 8

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 4187 of 2011  
Valerie Thean JC  
8, 30 November 2016; 13 December 2016

21 March 2017

Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“the Husband”) and the defendant (“the Wife”) were married on
18 July 1997. This was the third marriage for the Husband, who is 66 years
old, and the second marriage for the Wife, who is 54 years old. They have a
daughter, who is aged 16 (“the Daughter”).

2 At the time of the parties’ marriage, the Wife was working as a publisher in
the hospitality industry. The Husband was retrenched sometime in 1998. Shortly
after, the parties started [A] Pte Ltd together, which the Wife invested in
and transferred her contacts and know-how into. In 2000, the Husband started
the [B] group of companies, also in the hospitality industry, with a business
partner. The Wife became a homemaker in or around November 2000, which was
shortly after she was pregnant with their Daughter. Thereafter, the Husband
became the main fee-earner of the family. His business in [B] Ltd has since
grown from strength to strength. At present, he remains Co-Chairman of [B]
Ltd, an umbrella company of a group of companies which he holds a 50% share
in.

3 The Husband commenced divorce proceedings on 1 September 2011. Interim
judgment (“IJ”) for divorce was granted, uncontested, on 2 February 2012, on
the ground that the parties have lived apart for a continuous period of at
least four years immediately preceding the filing of the writ. Up to the time
of the filing of the IJ, the parties had been married for almost 15 years.

4 The Husband’s monthly income in 2012 was about S$60,000 a month. Under an
interim maintenance order dated 31 October 2012, the Husband was ordered to
pay S$8,500 per month for the Wife and Daughter. In addition, he was ordered
to pay various third party vendors for the Daughter’s school fees, co-
curricular classes, transport, medical and dental care and other expenses
capped at specified amounts.

5 I dealt with the parties’ ancillary matters on 30 November 2016. These
grounds of decision explain my orders made on the division of matrimonial
assets and costs, from which the Husband later appealed. My orders regarding
custody, care and control, access and maintenance of the Wife and Daughter are
not under appeal.

Division of Assets

Delineation of the asset pool

6 The parties had various issues in dispute. I will deal with these in turn,
before setting out the pool of assets.

7 Before addressing the issues proper, I first note that the operative date
that the parties took for the delineation of the asset pool and the valuation
of the assets was that of the IJ. In view of the guidance provided by the
Court of Appeal in ARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 (“ARY v ARX”)
and the parties’ separation prior to the ancillary matters hearings, I found
no reason to depart from this operative date. The only issue in dispute
regarding this was in respect of the Husband’s company, [B] Ltd, which I deal
with in greater detail below.

The parties’ various properties

8 The parties had purchased various homes before and throughout their
marriage, and the proceeds of various properties featured in their dispute.
The Wife first purchased a property at Jervois Close (“the Jervois Close
Property”) in 1992, where she was living when the parties met. At the
commencement of their marriage in 1997, the parties lived in the Jervois Close
Property together. The parties then purchased a home at Kew Crescent (“the Kew
Crescent Property”) in December 1998 in their joint names, and moved in
sometime in February 1999. The Jervois Close Property was sold in 2004. In
January 2007, the Husband purchased a property in Marine Parade (“the Marine
Parade Property”). In early 2007, when the Kew Crescent Property was being
renovated, the Wife and Daughter lived at the Marine Parade Property on the
weekends because it was near where the Daughter’s dance classes were held. In
July 2007, the Husband moved out of the Kew Crescent Property into his Marine
Parade Property. The Wife and Daughter stayed at the Kew Crescent Property
until August 2008, when they moved into a property in Montview that the Wife
had purchased in 2005 (“the Montview Property”). The Kew Crescent Property was
then sold in June 2009.

Net sale proceeds for the Jervois Close Property

9 The Wife contended that the S$920,000 proceeds of the Jervois Close Property
was spent on the following: (a) the down payment and stamp duty for the
Montview Property; (b) her BMW 335i (“the BMW”); (c) equity-linked notes; and
(d) savings, some of which was used to pay for renovations to, and furniture
in, the Montview Property. The Husband also contended that the Wife’s shares
in City Development Limited (“City Development Shares”) were purchased out of
the proceeds of the Jervois Close Property.

10 Initially, counsel for the Wife contended that the Husband had no share in
the onward purchases such as the BMW and City Development Shares. However, she
later accepted that these were acquired in the course of the marriage. Thus,
the purchases remained in the pool to be divided. Regarding the rest of the
proceeds, these proceeds would have gone into the Wife’s accounts prior to the
parties’ separation. I accepted that these various sums had been translated
into other assets that were in the asset pool, and hence did not make any
further addition back to the pool in respect of the proceeds of the sale of
the Jervois Close Property.

Net sale proceeds for the Kew Crescent Property

11 The Kew Crescent Property, as mentioned above at [8], was purchased in
December 1998 in the parties’ joint names, and sold in June 2009. Out of the
net sale proceeds of S$726,323.12, S$500,000 was used to pay for the mortgage
secured on the Montview Property. This gave rise to a balance of S$226,323.12.

12 The Husband enquired about the balance of the sale proceeds. The Wife
stated that the balance was used to supplement the Wife and Daughter’s
maintenance from March 2009 to October 2012, when interim maintenance was
ordered. The Wife submitted that she had the Husband’s permission to use the
proceeds, and that this supplement was needed because the Husband had
unilaterally cancelled the Wife’s supplementary credit card and thereafter
reduced the maintenance for the Wife and Daughter to only S$6,500 per month
sometime around March 2009. The balance sum taken over the period from March
2009 to October 2012 when the interim order for maintenance was obtained
worked out to approximately S$5,657.83 per month. In view of the much larger
interim maintenance order where the Husband bore a large range of expenses, I
excluded the balance S$226,323.12 of the sale proceeds from the matrimonial
pool.

Excess for repayment of the Montview Property mortgage loans

13 The Montview Property was secured on a mortgage loan. As mentioned above at
[11], S$500,000 of the Kew Crescent Property sale proceeds went into this
account. Unknown to the Husband, the Wife used this to pay down the original
UOB Housing Loan. She then took out another term loan, which she used for
daily expenses. Once again, she contended that this was because the Husband
had not provided sufficiently for her and their Daughter.

14 The Husband contended that the liability for the term loan should not be
borne by him. He was not aware that the Wife had paid down the original loan
and taken out a new term loan, in order to finance her on-going expenses.
Further, he paid an excess amount of S$105,463.60 towards this term loan which
he had not sanctioned, for the period from August 2009 to October 2012. The
Wife contended that the Husband had given her the S$500,000 for her use,
howsoever she chose to use it, and that he had promised to pay for the
Montview Property. She maintained this argument despite her having
restructured the mortgage loan to add an additional term loan.

15 In my view, the Wife’s addition of a term loan to the property for her own
expenses was not expressly discussed with the Husband, even though it was at a
time when she knew that the Husband had sought to limit her expenses. The
Husband ought not to be responsible for the term loan. I thus excluded the
loan as a liability from the asset pool. The Wife would thus have to be
responsible for the liability, as the asset is in her name. As for the excess
paid by the Husband, I declined to add this amount back into the pool. On his
part, the Husband chose not to query the Wife’s use of the money he paid to
her, even though he would have been aware, if he had put his mind to it, that
the repayment liability could well have fallen with the injection of the Kew
Crescent Property funds. In this respect, I took into account the fact that
the interim maintenance order made in October 2012 was much higher than the
maintenance package that the Husband had earlier attempted to unilaterally put
in place in 2009.

Laguna Club membership

16 The Wife sought to exclude the value of a golf membership at Laguna
National Golf and Country Club (“Laguna Club”), which she had acquired prior
to the marriage in 1995. It was clear, however, from s 112(10)(a)(i) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) that assets acquired prior to
marriage that were ordinarily enjoyed by the family came within the asset
pool. Although the Husband did not play golf, the Daughter used Laguna Club
for various social purposes. The membership thus came within the asset pool.

Valuation of the Husband’s interest in the [B] group of companies

17 The main component of the asset pool in dispute was the value of the
Husband’s 50% interest in [B] Ltd. [B] Ltd is a British Virgin Island-
incorporated umbrella company that deals with investments companies, business
units and properties.

18 Initially, both the Husband and the Wife submitted valuation reports
prepared by their respective appointed companies, with RHL Appraisal Ltd
(“RHL”) appointed by the Husband, and BDO Advisory Pte Ltd (“BDO”) appointed
by the Wife. Both reports were premised on the same Discounted Cash Flow
approach. RHL’s valuation related to one company within the group under the
umbrella of [B] Ltd, and valued the Husband’s share at S$6.05m as at 29
February 2012 (“RHL Report”). BDO, on the other hand, valued the entire [B]
group of companies as at 31 December 2011 and put the Husband’s share at
S$22.5m (“BDO Report”).

19 The Husband then filed an application to submit a further expert’s report,
to make a valuation for the entire group of companies. On 28 August 2015, the
Deputy Registrar ordered that PriceWaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”) be appointed to
give an independent report (“PWC Report”), with the date of the valuation to
be the date chosen by PWC. Neither party appealed from this order. A report
dated 15 August 2016 put the value of the Husband’s share as at 30 April 2016
at S$21.7m. This report used management accounts profit and loss analysis for
2015. After the court-appointed valuation was submitted on 15 August 2016, the
Husband contended that there were new documents which could show that there
was a large dividend declaration of HK$142m in December 2015 which would
significantly reduce the valuations. He also furnished the audited statutory
accounts for the year ending 31 December 2015, signed on 15 August 2016. An
assistant registrar allowed an updated valuation, despite the Wife’s
objection. Neither party appealed from this order. A supplemental report was
submitted by PWC on 3 October 2016. This took into account the 15 August 2016
audited statutory accounts for the year ending 31 December 2015, which
revealed that the company had declared a dividend in 2016, which it then
backdated to December 2015. PWC explained that the actual performance of the
company was not materially different from that shown by the management
accounts it had earlier used in the earlier report. Regarding the dividend,
PWC formed the view that the dividend ought not to be backdated, but in the
event that it was legal under Hong Kong law to do so, the value of the
Husband’s share would be S$15.7m. On the alternate basis that the dividend
ought not be have been backdated, and should be recognised within the 2015
accounts, PWC’s valuation of the Husband’s 50% share, with a 10% discount, was
S$23.9m.

20 The date for the PWC valuations, arising from the order of the Deputy
Registrar, was as at 30 April 2016. This posed an issue at the hearing of the
ancillary matters, where it became clear that the IJ was clearly a better
operative date because the parties were already living separate lives by that
date: ARY v ARX at [31]–[36]. While the Husband had not previously sought to
appeal from the Deputy Registrar’s order, he submitted that the IJ date ought
to be used for the valuation, and, despite the Husband’s earlier wish to
revisit the RHL valuation, he sought to use the RHL valuation. In the
alternative, he contended that the value of his interest should be an average
of the valuation reports secured in 2012 by both RHL and BDO, set at S$14.5m
for his half share. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Submissions dated 13 October 2016 at para 101.

The Wife, on the other hand, suggested, with a view to saving costs, that the
court use the 2016 valuation report by PWC, which, ignoring the dividend, set
the figure at S$23.9m. In the alternative, counsel for the Wife submitted that
the BDO Report valuation of S$22.5m ought to be used as evidence of the value
of [B] Ltd as at the IJ date.

21 Multiple dates are possible when the court chooses the operative date for
assets: see Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal [2011] 2 SLR
1157 (“Yeo Chong Lin”) at [36]. Thus, I could have considered using the date
at which the independent report was prepared. On the facts of this case,
however, a 2016 valuation was clearly not appropriate because the Husband had
moved out since July 2007 and the divorce was premised on their four years’
separation commencing in 2008. I thus decided to use the IJ date as suggested
by counsel for the Husband.

22 Nevertheless, I rejected Mr Cheong’s suggestion to use the mid-point of the
valuation reports issued by RHL and BDO. In the first place, the premises for
both reports were entirely different: whereas RHL’s related only to one
company owned by [B] Ltd, BDO’s related to the whole group. Additionally,
RHL’s analysis was suspect, as it assumed that [B] Ltd’s main contract with
Starwood would be terminated when it was not. Indeed, the Husband himself
recognised the difficulty with the RHL Report, which explained why he sought
leave for an additional expert report to be adduced in 2015. Accordingly, I
found that the correct approach was to value the entire [B] group of companies
as at the IJ date.

23 The issue then was whether the BDO valuation of S$22.5m was credible. In
this respect, it was useful to refer to the PWC valuation of S$23.9m. In
asking the Court to rely on the RHL Report, the Husband himself stated in his
submissions that the company structure as at January 2012 (as opposed to
August 2016) would not change the value significantly. [B] Loyalty, the main
revenue earner of [B] Ltd, had been largely set up by then, he said. Counsel
for the Wife showed that, as at the time of the PWC Report, [B] Ltd covered
almost the same companies as at the time of the BDO Report, save for the ones
in Dubai and the United Arab Emirates that were set up subsequent to the BDO
valuation. The properties held by [B] Ltd at the time of the PWC Report were
also the same as those listed in the BDO Report, save that the Kowloon
property was sold in 2013. In fact, with the sale of the Kowloon property, the
PWC Report did not carry a lower valuation than the BDO Report even though it
ought to have done so. It followed then that the BDO valuation was a
conservative one.

24 Regarding the dividend declared in 2015, my decision to select the IJ date
as the operative date made that item irrelevant. At the hearing, counsel for
the Husband raised an issue of a deduction for amounts owing by the Husband.
Based on the BDO Report, the amount due by the Husband as at 31 December 2011
was HK$6,996,006.48, which translates to approximately S$1.7m. Ordinarily, the
sum of money which is owed by the directors of a company would be seen as an
asset of the company as they are deemed to be payable by the directors to the
company. However, in this case, the Husband represented to PWC and RHL that
these amounts would not be repaid to the company. In my view, the Husband
suffered a credibility issue in, on the one hand, raising an asset to the
company, and on the other, asking for it to be a deduction from the value of
the company. The latter premise assumed he was inflating the accounts to the
extent that any loan was reflected. In any event, as I sought to make a
conservative finding, I made an adjustment downwards and set the value of the
Husband’s share of the company at S$21m.

Sum taken from the OCBC Easisave Account

25 Another issue raised in the determination of the asset pool was that the
Husband transferred a sum of S$248,020 out from his OCBC Easisave Account via
telegraphic transfer. Although he contended that the said sum was used as an
investment in Vietnam that he had lost, there was no documentary evidence as
to where the $248,020 was transferred to. He exhibited a letter from one Mr Ta
Tu Tai stating that the investment was lost. The letter, however, did not
specify the sum invested by the Husband or state that $248,020 was lost.
Further, no affidavit was filed by Mr Ta. As the sum was not accounted for, I
added the S$248,020 back into the matrimonial pool.

Excluded items

26 I excluded the following two smaller items: a watch, which was a third
party gift, and an engagement ring, which had no resale value.

Adverse inference

27 Finally, the Wife argued that an adverse inference ought to be drawn
against the Husband for his failure to make full and frank disclosure of the
full extent of his means, assets and financial resources, given that the Wife
was unable to have access to all relevant information even after taking out
extensive discovery action. In relation to [B] Ltd, the Wife asserted that the
Husband did not provide a full list of all companies, business entities,
interests, investments and assets that he had an interest in. The Wife further
contended that the Husband failed to provide any documentary evidence to
substantiate his claim that another property located in Australia, which the
Wife claimed he had an interest in, belonged to his ex-wife. The Wife’s final
contention was that the Husband failed to provide any evidence for shares,
which the Wife claimed he owned, in two other companies.

28 In this regard, there are two requirements which must be established by the
party seeking to draw an adverse inference against the other in relation to,
inter alia, undisclosed assets (see Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah [2007] SGCA
21 at [28]; Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195 at [62]): (a) there
must be a substratum of evidence that establishes a prima facie case against
the person against whom the inference is to be drawn; and (b) it must be shown
that that person must have had some particular access to the information he is
said to be hiding.

29 In this case, although ascertaining the value of [B] Ltd was a long-drawn-
out process, I was able to identify its value with some certainty, and arrived
at a value quite close to that sought by the wife. Thus, there was no need to
add any particular sum to the asset or the pool on the ground of uncertainty
with respect to this asset. In addition, I also ordered that the Husband bear
the costs of the PWC Report: see [46]-[48]. Regarding his other assets, while
he may or may not have fully disclosed all his assets, such as shares in some
other companies or an Australian property which he averred was held by his
former wife, there was no evidence that any of these were referable to their
marriage up to the time of the operative date. I further took into account
that the Wife herself was not meticulous in accounting for the proceeds of the
Kew Crescent Property, and in that respect, I had only made her responsible
for the term loan liability, omitting to add sums that had been spent by her
out of the Kew Crescent Property proceeds back into the pool. I concluded that
no adverse inference needed to be drawn against the Husband, and did not make
him responsible for any notional sum to be added back into the pool.

Net matrimonial assets

30 Pursuant to the foregoing analysis and the documents before me, I arrived
at the following list of the parties’ matrimonial assets:

S/N| Asset Description| Court’s value (S$)| Remarks  
---|---|---|---  
Assets in sole name of the Husband  
1\. | Marine Parade Property (as at April 2012)| 1,650,000| Agreed  
2\. | CPF monies (as at 31 December 2011) | 65,392.38| Agreed  
3\. | Honda CRV| 60,000| Agreed  
4\. | Two watches | 28,000| Agreed  
5\. | AMP Life Insurance Policy No xxxxx0045(as at 30 Jun 2011)| 363.24| Agreed  
6\. | AMP (Australia) Account No xxxxx1045  
(as at 30 June 2012)| 4,834.06| Agreed  
7\. | DBS Account No xxxxxx0963(as at 31 January 2012) | 11,667.55| Agreed  
8\. | OCBC Easisave Account No xxxxxxxx9001(as at 31 Jan 2012) | 15,537.64| Agreed  
9\. | 50% Ownership in [B] Ltd| 21,000,000| Set by the Court  
10\. | NAB (Australia) Savings Account No xx-xxx-2309 (as at 22 February 2012) | 980.37| Agreed  
11\. | NAB (Australia) Savings Account No xx-xxx-0031 (as at 31 January 2012)| 147,015| Agreed  
12\. | HBC (HK) Savings Account No xxx-xxxxx5-833 (as at 31 January 2012) | 313,322.77| Agreed  
13\. | S$248,020 withdrawn from the Husband’s personal OCBC Easisave Account No xxxxxxxx9001 | 248,020| No evidence linking to failed Vietnam investment  
Husband’s Agreed Liabilities  
14\. | Outstanding Mortgage on Marine Parade Property (as at 31 December 2011) | (297,997.28)| Deducted  
Sub Total| (297,997.28)|  
Total for Husband’s Sole Name Assets| 23,247,135.73|  
Assets in sole name of the Wife  
15\. | Montview Property(as at April 2012) | 1,950,000| Agreed  
16\. | DBS Savings Plus Account No xxx-x-xx1946 (as at 19 March 2012)| 754.34| Agreed  
17\. | UOB High Yield Account No xxx-xxx-353-1 (as at 23 March 2012)| 227,241.89| Agreed  
18\. | CPF monies (as at 22 March 2012) | 437,024.84| Agreed  
19\. | Singtel shares (as at 5 April 2012)| 1,922| Agreed  
20\. | Miscellaneous jewellery (pearl necklace and bracelet set, and earrings)| 2,000| Agreed  
21\. | Kew Crescent Property proceeds| 0| Spent on the Montview Property  
22\. | City Development Shares (as at 16 May 2012) | 41,000| From Jervois Close Property proceeds  
23\. | BMW (as at 13 March 2012)| 79,701 | From Jervois Close Property proceeds  
24\. | Rolex watch (as at 2 September 2013) | 0| Third party gift  
25\. | Diamond engagement ring| 0| No resale value  
26\. | Laguna Club Membership| 45,000| Matrimonial asset  
Wife’s Agreed Liabilities  
27\. | Outstanding Mortgage on Montview Property – UOB Loan Account No xxxxxx2093 (as at 16 February 2012) | (261,958.79)| Deducted  
Sub Total| (261,958.79)|  
Wife’s Disputed Liabilities  
28\. | UOB term loan (Account No xxxxxx5610) secured on Montview Property (as at 1 December 2011) | 0| Wife should bear liability as part of her allocation  
Sub Total| 0|  
Total for Wife’s Sole Name Assets| 2,522,685.28|  
Total Asset Pool| 25,769,821|  
  
Just and equitable division

31 The Court of Appeal in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”) set out a
structured approach (at [17]–[30]) to determine a just and equitable division
of matrimonial assets. This approach may be summarised as follows (see ANJ v
ANK at [22]–[26], [28]; Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne
Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52 (“Twiss”) at [17]):

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both financial and non-financial contributions;
and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above (the derived ratio shall hereinafter be
referred to as “average ratio”), keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight, and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other. Adjustments may also be made taking into
consideration other relevant factors under ss 112 or 114(1) of the WC.

Step 1: Direct contribution ratio

32 The Husband submitted that the Wife’s contribution was 7.2%, while his
contribution was 92.8%. The Husband took into account the fact that the Wife
was only working from July 1997 to November 2000 at a monthly income of
S$7,000 to S$8,000, such that she could not have contributed to the
acquisition of matrimonial assets as she had no income beyond November 2000.
The Husband acknowledged that the Wife had contributed S$21,500 as part of
down payment on the Kew Crescent Property, and S$211,522 as down payment for
the Montview Property. As for the Wife, she submitted that her contribution
was 6%, while the Husband’s was 94%. The Wife derived this computation by
considering the agreed and disputed assets, as well as the liabilities in the
Wife’s sole name which amounted to S$1,875,806.33.

33 While each party contended that the other’s calculations were amiss, both
parties’ final estimates did not differ by much. The Husband’s was 92.8:7.2 in
his favour, while the Wife’s was 94:6 in his favour. The Husband’s estimate of
the Wife’s contribution was higher than the Wife’s. In ANJ v ANK, the Court of
Appeal recognised (at [23]) that it is not uncommon for the situation to be
less than clear even in respect of direct financial contributions of the
parties, and that in such circumstances, the court must make a “rough and
ready approximation” of the figures. Applying the broad-brush approach as
articulated in ANJ v ANK, I found it just and equitable to set the ratio for
direct contributions at 93:7 in favour of the Husband.

Step 2: Indirect contribution ratio

34 The Wife proposed an indirect contribution ratio of 70:30 in her favour.
She asserted that she had contributed to paying for the family’s expenses
early on in the marriage before the Husband’s business had taken off. She also
asserted that she gave up her career in November 2000 to start a family with
the Husband and to care for their Daughter. The Wife further asserted that she
was instrumental in the Husband’s business. She was working in the hospitality
industry, and had transferred all her contacts into [A] Pte Ltd, which was a
company set up by both parties. She contended that it was only after [A] Pte
Ltd had secured its first contract that the Husband took over the business,
which subsequently grew into the [B] group of companies. She also asserted
that the Husband travelled overseas frequently, and that she cared for their
Daughter with little help from him.

35 The Husband, on the other hand, proposed an indirect contribution ratio of
50:50. The Husband asserted that his indirect contribution lay in his
substantial financial contribution and non-financial contribution in growing
the value of the matrimonial assets, as well as in spending time with the
Daughter and the family. The Husband further asserted that although his job
required him to travel, he would always try to reduce his time abroad so as to
spend time with the family.

36 It was not disputed that the Husband was the sole breadwinner from November
2000, and that he maintained the family well. His estimate of the Wife’s
indirect contribution at 50%, however, was too low for the following reasons.
First, it was not disputed that the Wife contributed household expenses to the
family at the beginning of the marriage, and especially while the Husband was
retrenched. At that time, the parties notably first lived in a property
acquired by the Wife prior to the marriage. Secondly, in 1999, the Wife had
started [A] Pte Ltd together with the Husband before his related business
became successful. While he contended that his success stemmed from his own
skill and talent, due credit should also be given to the Wife’s initial
support and encouragement. Thirdly, it was not disputed that the Wife was the
primary caregiver to their Daughter. The Husband contended that he made an
effort to take care of their Daughter as well. No doubt as a loving father he
would have done so; however, given that he spent most of his time working and
travelled very extensively and frequently, the Wife must have been the main
person maintaining the household and caring for their Daughter. I thus found
it just and equitable to set the indirect contribution ratio at 65:35 in
favour of the Wife.

Step 3: Adjustment of the average ratio

37 In this case, if the ratios carried equal weightage, the average ratio
would have been 64:36 in favour of the Husband.

38 In ANJ v ANK, the Court of Appeal advised (at [27]) that adjustments could
be made between the financial and non-financial ratios, having regard to three
considerations: (a) the length of the marriage, (b) the size of the assets and
its constituents, and (c) the extent and nature of the indirect contributions
made. Counsel for the Husband submitted that I should accord greater weight to
the direct contribution ratio than to the indirect contribution ratio. In my
view, such an adjustment should not be a large one in the light of the
following considerations. First, the considerations that featured in cases
where large adjustments have been made were not present in this case. For
example, while the pool of assets was fairly large, it was not of the same
stature as in Yeo Chong Lin, where S$69m was at stake. Second, [B] Ltd, which
was responsible for most of the asset enhancement, was started during their
marriage. Notably, the anchor contract that [B] Ltd had with Starwood was
obtained in 2005, which was prior to the parties living apart. While [B]
Loyalty expanded greatly between 2007 and 2011, the period prior to separation
would have been crucial in cementing the growth and long term health of the
group. In any event, given that the operative date used in this case was 2012,
the Wife’s continued attention on their Daughter up to that time should be
regarded as a significant factor contributing to the Husband’s success. A
third consideration, which the court in ANJ v ANK highlighted (at [28]), was
the need for the final allocation to make appropriate provision for the needs
of the family. In this respect, it was relevant that the Daughter lived with
the Wife. A fourth consideration tipped the balance in favour of making some
adjustment in the Husband’s favour: [B] Ltd was the Husband’s main business
asset that was generating his on-going income. The Husband would have to raise
funds against his business assets to pay the allocation. While he would be
well able to do so, given the strength of his financial position, some credit
should be given in this respect. Considering all the circumstances, I accorded
a 55% weightage to the parties’ direct contributions and a 45% weightage to
the parties’ indirect contributions.

39 Whereas counsel for the Husband submitted for a 75% weightage in favour of
the parties’ direct contributions on the basis that [B] Ltd was the Husband’s
source of income, I disagreed. This would not be fair because [B] Ltd was a
valuable business generating large revenues that was built up during the
marriage. The purpose of the exercise of asset division was to ascertain and
recognise the Wife’s contribution and support. Hence, while a conservative
figure could be justified for her share, to calibrate it at 75% in the
Husband’s favour would unduly belittle the Wife’s contribution. In my view,
the crucial issue in this regard was whether the Husband would be able to
raise the sums required of him. Given his portfolio and the standing of [B]
Ltd, it was clear that he was able to do so. Applying the weightage, the
Wife’s share would have been 33.1%. In view of the various considerations
enumerated above, I adjusted the final figure downwards to 32% as a
conservative final ratio to be used.

40 In coming to my decision, I considered various precedents cited by counsel.
Counsel cited both AQS v AQR [2012] SGCA 3 (“AQS v AQR”) and Twiss in
submissions. Neither of these cases was exactly on point. In AQS, the wife had
no financial contribution and was purely a homemaker. Twiss concerned a much
longer marriage where the wife had a large financial contribution. Finally, I
also considered ARY v ARX. There, the wife was a homemaker to two children for
six of the 15 years of marriage. The wife’s financial contribution in ARY v
ARX was higher in percentage terms. The direct financial ratio was 60:40 in
favour of the husband, and the indirect financial ratio was 40:60 in favour of
the wife, such that the final ratio there was 50:50 between the husband and
the wife. Conversely, the Wife’s direct and indirect contributions were lower
in this case. Accordingly, I was of the view that allocating 32% of the
matrimonial assets in favour of the Wife in this case was in line with the
various precedents.

41 Following my decision in this case, the Court of Appeal has since provided
guidance in respect of single-income marriages in TNL v TNK and another appeal
and another matter [2017] SGCA 15 (“TNL v TNK”). Specifically, the court held
(at [43]–[46]) that the ANJ v ANK approach ought not to apply to single-income
marriages. In my view, the tendency towards an equal division of matrimonial
assets for the long single-income marriage cases canvassed in TNL v TNK (at
[48]–[51]) does not apply in this case. Here, the Wife worked for the first
three years, and had financial contribution. The duration of her status as a
home-maker, and of the marriage as a whole, was not comparable to those in the
cases mentioned by the Court of Appeal in TNL v TNK at [48]-[51].

Implementation of division

42 The total value of the matrimonial assets came up to S$25,769,821.
Accordingly, the Wife’s 32% share of the matrimonial assets would translate to
S$8,246,343 (32% of S$25,769,821). After deducting the assets held in the
Wife’s name (S$2,522,685), S$5,723,658 remained payable to the Wife. I set a
timeframe of six months for the Husband to make the necessary transfers, in
order to give him sufficient time to arrange his financial affairs. While
counsel for the Husband asked for a longer time, I decided that six months was
sufficient time for the Husband to raise financing. Given that the parties
still have to cooperate to co-parent their Daughter, I considered it best for
parties to settle all outstanding matters between them as soon as practicable,
and endeavour to resolve most of the thorny issues remaining between them
within a six-month time frame.

43 Each party retained the assets held in his or her own name. For the
avoidance of doubt, this order, coupled with the maintenance order, meant that
the Wife would necessarily have to take over the payment of all liabilities in
her own name, including the mortgage of the Montview Property, which the
Husband had borne prior to the hearing of the ancillary matters. Further, the
monies in the parties’ joint account, which was not included into the asset
pool because the Husband paid maintenance into this account post-IJ date (the
interim maintenance order was after the IJ date), was to be retained by the
Wife.

Maintenance for the Wife

44 The Wife is 54 and worked as a publisher before 2000. The family’s longer
term security was a consideration I bore in mind in ordering the asset
division (at [42] above). While the Wife asked for a significant sum to be
ordered for her maintenance, in my view, the asset division of S$8,246,343 was
sufficient to secure her future. A lump sum of S$50,000 was thus ordered to
help her weather any transitional issues. Although the Husband has not
appealed against this order, I mention this for completeness because the
court’s power to order maintenance has been recognised to be supplementary to
the court’s power to divide matrimonial assets (see ATE v ATD and another
appeal [2016] SGCA 2 at [31]–[33]).

Costs

45 In general, costs are not ordered in matrimonial cases; nevertheless, the
court can exercise its discretion to do so in appropriate cases: see Cheung
Kam Yi Betty v Liu Tsun Kie [2012] SGHC 213 at [79]; Rules 854(b) and 856 of
the Family Justice Rules 2014 (S 813/2014). In my judgment, costs still play a
crucial role in regulating the process of litigation and incentivising good
litigation conduct.

46 I made no order on costs of the ancillaries, save in one respect. Of
relevance here was the Husband’s failure to provide a proper valuation of [B]
Ltd from RHL. This stemmed from his instruction to RHL to value only one of
the companies instead of taking into consideration the entire group of
companies, thereby rendering the RHL Report unreliable. When he sought leave
to prepare a second valuation, the Deputy Registrar ordered a joint expert.
After the valuation report was prepared by PWC, the Husband proceeded to
request for an updated report. He provided PWC with new documents that he
argued could show that there was a large dividend declaration of HK$142m in
December 2015, with the object, in turn, of significantly reducing the
valuation. While counsel for the Husband in hindsight contended he was not
satisfied with the Deputy Registrar’s order for the PWC Report, he did not
appeal from it. In the end, the PWC Report showed that the BDO Report was
largely reliable.

47 Paradoxical though it may be, while the PWC Report proved useful in showing
the credibility of the BDO Report, it was ordered only because the Husband
applied for an additional valuation report. The Wife had already paid for one
report by BDO. The BDO Report, when referenced with the PWC Report, was found
to be reliable. Parties’ circumstances were also relevant. The Husband was the
fee earner whose conduct occasioned the Report. The Wife, on the other hand,
was a homemaker whose source of funds was the interim maintenance order. Such
orders, typically, are designed to cover expected living expenses and
suchlike. The Wife’s litigation expenses, then, would necessarily come out of
her share of the assets being divided. It was therefore fair, in the
circumstances, for the additional cost of the PWC Report, then, to be borne by
the Husband. I so ordered.

48 The Husband had paid half of the costs of the PWC Report earlier. The
Wife’s half share was subsequently clarified on 13 December 2016 to be
S$156,277.45.

Conclusion

49 The orders made on 30 November and 13 December 2016 were the following:

(a) By consent, joint custody shall be awarded to the Husband and the Wife,
with care and control to the Wife.

(b) Reasonable access shall be given to the Husband, as follows:

(i) The Husband is to give the Daughter at least 14 days’ advance notice of
when he would be in Singapore to have access to the Daughter.

(ii) During the school holidays, the Plaintiff is to have access as follows:

(A) For the Easter break, the 2nd half;

(B) For the summer holidays, the 1st half;

(C) For the fall break, the 1st half; and

(D) For the Christmas break, the 2nd half.

(iii) The Husband is at liberty to bring the Daughter out of jurisdiction
during his school holiday access with the Wife’s written consent, upon
provision of details of itinerary, travel, accommodation and contact details
at least 14 days before travel.

(iv) The Husband shall keep the Wife copied when corresponding with the
Daughter as regards access.

(v) Where the Husband is unable to take his designated holiday access, he is
to give six weeks’ advance notice to the Daughter.

(c) The Husband is to pay the Wife the sum of S$6,000 per month for the
Daughter’s maintenance with effect from 1 December 2016 and thereafter on the
first day of each calendar month.

(d) In addition, the Husband is to make the following payments directly to the
relevant vendors:

(i) The Daughter’s school fees;

(ii) The Daughter’s co-curricular classes, tuition and dance classes; and

(iii) The Daughter’s school transport.

(e) The Husband is to pay the Wife the sum of S$5,723,658 within six months of
the order.

(f) The DBS joint account shall be closed and the amount standing to the
credit of the same shall be paid to the Wife.

(g) Save for the above, each party is to retain all other assets in his or her
sole name.

(h) The Husband is to reimburse the Wife the sum of S$3,328 by 15 December
2016.

(i) The Husband is to pay the Wife a lump sum of S$50,000 for the Wife’s
maintenance, in the following manner:

(i) S$10,000 by 15 December 2016;

(ii) S$10,000 by 1 January 2017;

(iii) S$10,000 by 1 February 2017;

(iv) S$10,000 by 1 March 2017; and

(v) S$10,000 by 1 April 2017.

(j) Liberty to apply.

(k) No order as to costs, save that the Husband is to reimburse the Wife the
following sums for the costs of the PWC valuation: (1) S$117,000 to be paid by
1 January 2017, and (2) S$39,277.45 to be paid by 14 January 2017.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Cheong Zhihui Ivan and Shaun Ho (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Loo Ming Nee Bernice and Sarah-Anne Khoo (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

