Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 20

S 843 of 2013  
HC/SUM 3684 of 2017

Between

| Invest-Ho Properties Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff / Respondent

And

(1)| Karuppiah Tanapalan  
---|---  
(2)| Vimala Devi d/o Selvadurai  
  
… Defendants / Applicants

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Striking Out]

[Legal Profession – Disciplinary Procedures]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Invest-Ho Properties Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Karuppiah Tanapalan and another

[2017] SGHCR 20

High Court — Suit No 843 of 2013 (Summons No 3684 of 2017)  
Justin Yeo AR  
12 October 2017, 22 November 2017

22 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 Party A was the intended purchaser of a piece of property owned by Parties B
and C. Lawyer X acted for all of them in the conveyancing transaction.
Subsequently, Parties B and C alleged that the transaction was a loan rather
than a genuine sale and purchase of property, and sought to unravel the
transaction. Party A commenced Suit A in the High Court, seeking an order
against Parties B and C for specific performance of the transaction.

2 Parties B and C thereafter lodged a complaint, against Lawyer X, with the
Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”). Disciplinary proceedings were
commenced against Lawyer X for tendering advice despite knowing or having
reasonable grounds to believe that the advice was to advance an illegal
transaction, and for failing to report the transaction despite knowing or
having reasonable grounds to suspect that it involved criminal conduct.

3 The disciplinary proceedings against Lawyer X were eventually brought before
the Court of Three Judges. The Court of Three Judges found that the
transaction was to advance an illegal purpose, and that Lawyer X should have
been aware of this in the light of the highly unusual circumstances
surrounding the transaction. It therefore held that the charges against Lawyer
X were made out.

4 With the benefit of the decision of the Court of Three Judges, Parties B and
C brought an application to strike out Suit A, on the grounds that it was
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious, or alternatively, an abuse of the process
of the court. Should Party A be allowed to continue with Suit A, and try to
convince the High Court that the findings of the Court of Three Judges were
incorrect?

Background Facts

5 Mr Karuppiah Tanapalan and Ms Vimala Devi d/o Selvadurai (“the Defendants”)
were the owners of the property at Block 297 Bedok South Avenue 3 #01-04 (“the
Property”). Invest-Ho Properties Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) was an intended
purchaser of the Property. Ms Leong Pek Gan (“Ms Leong”), an advocate and
solicitor of over 30 years’ standing, was instructed to act for the parties on
what appeared to be the sale and purchase of the Property. The parties entered
into an Option to Purchase the Property at the sum of $651,000 and an option
fee of $250,000 (“the Agreement”). The Defendants also granted a power of
attorney (“the Power of Attorney”) to the Plaintiff’s Director, Mr Ho Soo Fong
(“Mr Ho”), authorising and empowering him to sign all documents relating to
the sale of the Property.

6 On 1 February 2013, the Defendants discharged Ms Leong from acting as their
solicitor. On 8 February 2013, the Defendants wrote to the Plaintiff to state
that the Agreement was tainted with illegality, and that they would be
aborting the sale and forfeiting the $250,000 option fee. On 19 February 2013,
a deed revoking the Power of Attorney was filed in the High Court.

7 On 12 November 2013, the Plaintiff commenced the present suit, Suit No 843
of 2013 (“Suit 843”), for specific performance of the sale and purchase of the
Property pursuant to the Agreement. The parties reached a settlement in Suit
843 and recorded a consent judgment (“the Consent Judgment”) before Aedit
Abdullah JC (as his Honour then was) on 10 December 2014. The Defendants
subsequently attempted to set aside the Consent Judgment, but did not succeed
in doing so.

8 The Defendants subsequently lodged a complaint against Ms Leong, inter alia
for aiding and abetting an alleged unlicensed moneylending transaction.
Following the complaint, the Law Society brought four charges against Ms
Leong, of which the following two are particularly relevant for present
purposes:

(a) tendering advice despite knowing or having reasonable grounds to believe
that the advice was to advance the illegal purpose of unlicensed moneylending
in contravention of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the MLA”);
and

(b) failing to report the transaction despite knowing or having reasonable
grounds to suspect that it involved criminal conduct under the Corruption,
Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap
65A, 2000 Rev Ed).

9 A Disciplinary Tribunal was appointed under s 90 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”). As provided for in s 90 of the LPA, each
Disciplinary Tribunal shall be appointed by the Chief Justice, and shall
comprise a president (being an advocate and solicitor who is a Senior Counsel,
or who has at any time held office as a Judge or Judicial Commissioner of the
Supreme Court) and an advocate and solicitor of not less than 12 years’
standing.

10 In the course of the proceedings before the Disciplinary Tribunal, Ms Leong
called Mr Ho as her witness (The Law Society of Singapore v Leong Pek Gan
[2015] SGDT 4 (“Leong Pek Gan (DT)”) at [62]). Mr Ho disagreed that the
Agreement and Power of Attorney were being used in an illegal moneylending
transaction, and explained the commercial and other considerations for the
unusual terms in the documents (Leong Pek Gan (DT) at [63]). Mr Ho was
questioned by counsel for the Law Society on these issues, and was found to be
unable to offer credible explanations (Leong Pek Gan (DT) at [64]). The
Disciplinary Tribunal concluded that Ms Leong was “blissfully oblivious to the
suspicious nature of the entire transaction”, and therefore determined that
cause of sufficient gravity existed under s 83(2)(b) and (h) of the LPA (Leong
Pek Gan (DT) at [67] and [86]).

11 On 20 October 2015, the Law Society informed the Defendants of the
developments in the disciplinary proceedings, and indicated that it would be
making an application to the Court of Three Judges to decide on the
appropriate sanction against Ms Leong.

12 Based on the report of the Disciplinary Tribunal, the Defendants took out
an application to stay the execution of the Consent Judgment pending the
outcome of the hearing before the Court of Three Judges. The parties agreed
that enforcement would be held in abeyance pending the decision of the Court
of Three Judges.

13 On 19 August 2016, the Court of Three Judges rendered its decision in Law
Society of Singapore v Leong Pek Gan [2016] 5 SLR 1091 (“Leong Pek Gan”). In
relation to the two charges mentioned at [8] above, the Court of Three Judges
held that the Law Society had to prove, inter alia, that the transaction
involved an illegal purpose, namely, unlicensed moneylending in contravention
of the MLA (Leong Pek Gan at [58]). This, in turn, raised the following two
sub-issues (Leong Pek Gan at [59]):

(a) whether there was a loan in the first place (or, in other words, whether
the Agreement was in substance a loan); and

(b) whether Mr Ho and the Plaintiff were carrying on a business of
moneylending.

14 The Court of Three Judges proceeded to analyse each of these sub-issues,
surveying the applicable law and principles relevant to each inquiry, as well
as the evidence adduced in the proceedings.

(a) On the first sub-issue, the Court of Three Judges found that five aspects
of the transaction were highly unusual and cast serious doubts on the
genuineness of the transaction (Leong Pek Gan at [62]). The Court of Three
Judges considered Mr Ho’s evidence in coming to this conclusion, and
reproduced a passage from the cross-examination of Mr Ho (Leong Pek Gan at
[66]):

… Ho’s evidence that the entire sum of $19,750 was meant as commission for Mr
Sara for introducing him, through Rajan, to the Property is rather contrived.
… Ho could not explain this discrepancy in the amount of commission that was
allegedly paid to Mr Sara, apart from saying that perhaps, his (Ho’s) nephew,
who had cashed in the cheque, had taken $50. In addition, Ho had no good
explanation as to why it was necessary for the Vendors to pay Mr Sara’s
commission through him, as evidenced by the following exchange:

Q Mr Ho, you can tell them, ‘This is your commission that you owe Mr Sara. You
pay him directly. Don’t waste my time.’ Correct? You could have told them
this, right?

A Yes, the reason why---the reason because this Sara don’t want to see him.
Er, see---see these family people. I don’t know what happened. This one, I
don’t know. If---if she [ie, the Complainant] want to see them early, she can
---er, sorry. He can direct introduce, but he get another person to introduce.
That are the reason. And even, they want cash, you know? I said, ‘I got the
cheque.’ She said, ‘Don’t want, you go and get ca---cash for me.’ So I have to
get my nephew. Er, the cheque they give it to my nephew. I ask my nephew, ‘Go
and collect it.’

[emphasis added]

The Court of Three Judges concluded that the form of the transaction was
merely a façade to disguise what was, in substance, a loan (Leong Pek Gan at
[69]).

(b) On the second sub-issue, the Court of Three Judges considered the law
relating to the business of moneylending, and observed that what constitutes
the “business” of moneylending is “heavily dependent on the facts and context
before the court concerned” (emphasis added) (Leong Pek Gan at [76]). After
examining the evidence, the Court of Three Judges observed:

82 … In our view, Ho/[the Plaintiff] have not rebutted the presumption on a
balance of probabilities. Indeed, had it been necessary, we would have been
prepared to find that the Transaction fell foul of the MLA even if the
presumption under s 3 did not apply.

83 The loan transaction between Ho/[the Plaintiff] and the Vendors was not an
isolated one, and we are satisfied that there was system and continuity in the
way in which Ho/[the Plaintiff] went about their moneylending. In this regard,
we draw attention to another transaction that was raised in the course of the
proceedings. Ho admitted to having entered into an option to purchase a flat
at Chai Chee owned by one Chua and his wife … According to Ho, Chua required a
high option fee as he owed money to loan sharks …

84 We find it extremely difficult to believe that Ho was simply a good
Samaritan who was willing to assist in resolving the financial problems of
others by offering them a high option fee for the purchase of their property.
We are compelled to conclude, instead, that his practice is entirely
consistent with that of a moneylender, and that there was system and
continuity in the manner in which he/[the Plaintiff] entered into loan
transactions. In addition, we find that the conduct of Ho/[the Plaintiff]
evinced a willingness to lend to all and sundry who were, from their point of
view, eligible.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

As such, the Court of Three Judges found that Mr Ho and the Plaintiff were in
a business of moneylending.

15 As both sub-issues were made out, the Court of Three Judges found that the
transaction involved unlicensed moneylending (Leong Pek Gan at [85]).

16 It bears emphasis that the Court of Three Judges stated that “[m]any, if
not all” of its findings were premised on objective facts, as contained in the
Agreement and the Power of Attorney (Leong Pek Gan at [98]). Indeed, while Ms
Leong sought to undermine the Defendants’ credibility by highlighting
inconsistencies in their evidence, the Court of Three Judges did not see it
necessary to delve further into this, precisely because it was satisfied that
its findings were premised on objective facts (Leong Pek Gan at [98]).

17 In the circumstances, the Court of Three Judges was satisfied that due
cause for disciplinary action against Ms Leong had been shown and that the
charges against her had been proved beyond reasonable doubt (Leong Pek Gan at
[99]). The Court of Three Judges thereafter imposed upon her a term of
suspension of two-and-a-half years (Law Society of Singapore v Leong Pek Gan
[2016] 5 SLR 1131 at [19]).

18 Subsequent to Leong Pek Gan, the Defendants sought leave from Aedit
Abdullah JC for further arguments regarding the Consent Judgment. On 3 May
2017, they succeeded in setting aside the Consent Judgment. In brief oral
grounds, Aedit Abdullah JC stated as follows:

I am satisfied that even if issue or cause of action estoppel applied here
[viz, in relation to the issue of whether Aedit Abdullah JC was functus in
relation to further arguments to set aside the Consent Judgment], that
guidance of our Court on res judicata does not contemplate a situation such as
the present, where a clear and definite finding of a court provides the basis
for impugning the basis of the earlier order that I had made. …

I must emphasise that my finding at the original hearing to overturn the
consent judgment was on the basis of what the Defendants brought into court
there. The decision of the three judge court thus supplied what the Defendant
originally lacked, and I could not ignore the findings of that court.

…

In the light of the findings of the court of three judges, I am satisfied that
s 14(2) [of the MLA] would have rendered the contract unenforceable, as it was
found to be a loan and the Court of 3 judges indicated that it would have been
prepared to find that the transaction fell foul of the MLA; and accordingly,
that the basis of the consent order was a contract that was found to have been
rendered illegal and unenforceable by law, and that it should be set aside for
that reason.

[emphasis added]

19 No appeal was brought against the setting aside of the Consent Judgment.

The Application

20 Subsequent to the setting aside of the Consent Judgment, the Defendants
brought the present application to strike out the Plaintiff’s Statement of
Claim in Suit 843, on the grounds that it is:

(a) scandalous, frivolous or vexatious under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”); or

(b) alternatively, an abuse of the process of the court under O 18 r 19(1)(d)
of the Rules of Court.

Parties’ Arguments

21 Plaintiff’s counsel argued that the application should be dismissed for the
following reasons:

(a) First, it was not a “plain and obvious” case that the Agreement was
tainted with illegality. Although the Court of Three Judges had made certain
findings in this regard, the issues before the Court of Three Judges centred
on Ms Leong’s misconduct as a solicitor. The issue of whether the Agreement
was tainted with illegality could not have been properly ventilated. Instead,
a full trial is needed to determine the issues raised in the Statement of
Claim.

(b) Second, while the High Court can take cognisance of the findings of the
Court of Three Judges, these findings do not bind the High Court and can be
departed from. This is because the Court of Three Judges is a specially
constituted court to oversee disciplinary proceedings, and is not the High
Court (citing Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2013] 3 SLR 258 (“Nalpon Zero”) at
[50]).

(c) Third, and related to both points above, it cannot be said that the issues
in the Statement of Claim are res judicata on the basis of issue estoppel,
because:

(i) There is no identity of subject matter between Leong Pek Gan, being
disciplinary proceedings against Ms Leong, and the present suit, being civil
proceedings against the Defendants.

(ii) The parties in Leong Pek Gan, being the Law Society and Ms Leong, were
different from the parties in the present suit, being the Plaintiff and the
Defendants.

(iii) Leong Pek Gan was not a final and conclusive judgment on the legality of
the Agreement.

22 Plaintiff’s counsel sought the opportunity to tender further written
submissions relating to the nature of the findings made by the Court of Three
Judges. I granted both sets of counsel the opportunity to do so. In his
further submissions, Plaintiff’s counsel buttressed his second and third
arguments by citing Howe v Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario
[1994] OJ No 2907 (“Howe”). In Howe, the Ontario District Court was faced with
an accountant’s application to stay a disciplinary hearing pending the final
disposition of a related civil action. The court dismissed the application,
but made the following observations:

Although the decision of the Discipline Committee on the charges against the
applicant would no doubt be granted some deference in the civil actions, and
might be of considerable persuasive value in those actions, it would not be
binding in the civil actions, because the plaintiffs in the civil actions will
not have been parties to the disciplinary proceedings. Issue estoppel only
arises where the parties in the subsequent proceedings, or their privies, were
parties or privies to the earlier proceedings. … The plaintiffs in the civil
actions would not be prevented from attacking a decision of the Discipline
Committee exonerating the applicant, nor would the applicant be prevented from
challenging in the civil actions an adverse decision by the Discipline
Committee. [emphasis added]

23 Defendant’s counsel raised four arguments:

(a) First, that the illegality of the Agreement was clear from the published
findings of the Court of Three Judges in Leong Pek Gan.

(b) Second, that it was clear from the reasons given in setting aside the
Consent Judgment, that Aedit Abdullah JC had acknowledged that the Agreement
was illegal and therefore unenforceable under the law (see [18] above).

(c) Third, Mr Ho had given evidence in the disciplinary proceedings, and the
decision in Leong Pek Gan was based on such evidence.

(d) Fourth, the Plaintiff had not stated in its affidavits that the findings
in Leong Pek Gan were erroneous.

Abuse of Process – O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court

24 The arguments before me predominantly focused on whether the claim should
be struck out as an abuse of process of the court under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the
Rules of Court.

The Law

25 Counsel on both sides crossed swords on the issue of whether the present
suit is res judicata on the basis of issue estoppel. In this regard, the
principles relating to issue estoppel are well established and need only be
briefly mentioned. In essence, four requirements must be met in order to
establish issue estoppel (see Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte
Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and another appeal
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 at [165] and Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 at [14]):

(a) First, there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits of the
issue which is said to be subject to estoppel.

(b) Second, the judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction.

(c) Third, there must be identity of parties to the two proceedings being
compared.

(d) Fourth, there must be identity of subject matter in the two actions. This
means that (i) the prior determination must traverse the same ground as the
subsequent proceeding; (ii) the prior determination must have been fundamental
(contra merely collateral) to the prior decision; and (iii) the allegedly
estopped issue must have been raised and argued.

26 While counsel focused on issue estoppel, it must be kept in mind that abuse
of process involves more than simply the doctrine of res judicata and its
constituent or related doctrines. For instance, a proceeding can be struck out
on the basis of abuse of process, if it is manifestly groundless, or without
foundation, or serves no useful purpose (see Chee Siok Chin v Minister for
Home Affairs [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) at [34]; Bosch Corp
(Japan) v Wiedson International (S) Pte Ltd and others and another suit [2013]
2 SLR 700 (“Bosch Corp”) at [31]).

Analysis and Decision

27 I agree with Plaintiff’s counsel that issue estoppel does not apply in the
present case, for two reasons.

(a) First, the parties in Leong Pek Gan were not identical to the parties in
Suit 843. The Law Society and Ms Leong were the parties in the former, while
the Plaintiff and the Defendants are the parties in the latter. As such, at
least one of the fundamental requirements for issue estoppel – the requirement
of identity of parties in both proceedings – would not be made out (see
[25(c)] above). This was indeed also the conclusion of the court in the cited
excerpt from Howe (see [22] above).

(b) Second, a decision of the Court of Three Judges is not a decision of the
High Court. It is instead a decision of a specially constituted court
exercising a unique disciplinary jurisdiction over advocates and solicitors
and Legal Service Officers (Nalpon Zero at [50], [55], [67] and [69]). The
Court of Three Judges has oversight of disciplinary proceedings and “falls
outside of the normal court system of Singapore” (Nalpon Zero at [52]). While
Judges of Appeal often sit to hear such disciplinary proceedings, the Court of
Three Judges is not the Court of Appeal (Nalpon Zero at [52]).

28 I turn now to consider whether the Statement of Claim constitutes an abuse
of process on the basis that it is manifestly groundless, or without
foundation, or serves no useful purpose.

29 The fact that there is a decision of the Court of Three Judges touching on
the issues in Suit 843 is not, in and of itself, dispositive of whether the
Statement of Claim should be struck out. Instead, careful analysis of the
decision of the Court of Three Judges is required, to understand the precise
scope of the inquiry and findings made by the Court of Three Judges. In this
regard, I make the following four observations regarding Leong Pek Gan:

(a) First, the Court of Three Judges had clearly descended to a fine level of
detail in examining the facts and law concerning whether the Agreement was
tainted with illegality (see a summary of the relevant parts of the decision
at [13] to [16] above). Indeed, it emphasised that the Law Society was
required to prove that the transaction involved an illegal purpose of
unlicensed moneylending (Leong Pek Gan at [58]). This meant that the Law
Society had to prove, on the basis of evidence received by the Disciplinary
Tribunal (which included Mr Ho’s evidence), both that the Agreement was a
loan, and that the Plaintiff was carrying on a business of moneylending.

(b) Second, and related to the first point above, it must be kept in mind that
the standard of proof in disciplinary proceedings is higher than the standard
of balance of probabilities as adopted in civil proceedings. Indeed, the
applicable standard in disciplinary proceedings is the criminal standard of
beyond reasonable doubt (Leong Pek Gan at [99]; and see, eg, Law Society of
Singapore v Wan Hui Hong James [2013] 3 SLR 221 at [46]-[52], Wong Keng Leong
Rayney v Law Society of Singapore [2007] 4 SLR(R) 377 at [38]). As such, the
Law Society would have had to prove the issues to a higher level of certainty
in Leong Pek Gan, than the Defendants would have had to do in raising the
defence of illegality in Suit 843.

(c) Third, while the Law Society and Ms Leong were technically the parties to
the disciplinary proceedings, Mr Ho and the Defendants were involved as
witnesses. Mr Ho gave evidence and was cross-examined before the Disciplinary
Tribunal (see, eg, Leong Pek Gan at [66] and Leong Pek Gant (DT) at [62] and
[64]). Likewise, the 1st Defendant was the complainant in these proceedings,
and the evidence of both Defendants was taken in the proceedings (see, eg,
Leong Pek Gan at [91] and [98]).

(d) Fourth, Plaintiff’s counsel had (rightly) conceded that in determining
Suit 843, the High Court can take cognisance of the findings of the Court of
Three Judges (see [21(b)] above). The court in Howe had likewise observed that
the findings of a disciplinary committee would “no doubt be granted some
deference in the civil actions”, and “might be of considerable persuasive
value in those actions” (see [22] above). In the context of the present
application, the findings are those of a specially constituted court
comprising three Judges of Appeal, investigating the very same factual and
legal issues that are the subject matter of Suit 843, with the benefit of
evidence from the parties on the very same transaction, and determining the
issues on a higher standard of proof.

30 While Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the Plaintiff should be given an
opportunity to convince the High Court to depart from the findings in Leong
Pek Gan, in view of the four observations above, I am not convinced that
allowing the matter to proceed to trial on the same issues would serve any
useful purpose. The conclusions reached in Leong Pek Gan, while arguably not
technically binding on the High Court in Suit 843, would clearly be of immense
persuasive value. This would also be consistent with the observations made by
Aedit Abdullah JC when setting aside the Consent Judgment (see [18] above).

31 The Statement of Claim therefore amounts to an abuse of process, and I
strike it out under O 18 r 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court.

Scandalous, frivolous and vexatious – O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court

32 I turn next to consider whether the Statement of Claim should be struck out
under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court, on the basis that it is
scandalous, frivolous and/or vexatious.

The Law

33 The law in relation to striking out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court is fairly settled. In The Bunga Melati 5 [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“The Bunga
Melati 5”), the Court of Appeal held (at [33]) that proceedings which are
“frivolous or vexatious” are those which are “obviously or plainly
unsustainable”. In this regard, an action that is obviously or plainly
unsustainable is one which is either (The Bunga Melati 5 at [39]):

(a) legally unsustainable, viz, where it is clear that even if a party were to
succeed in proving all the facts he offers to prove, he will not be entitled
to the remedy that he seeks; or

(b) factually unsustainable, viz, where it possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance.

34 It has also been held by the High Court that proceedings are “frivolous”
when they are deemed to waste the court’s time, and are determined to be
incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned argument (Chee Siok Chin at
[33]; Bosch Corp at [23]). Proceedings are “vexatious” when they are shown,
for instance, to be without foundation, or where they cannot possibly succeed
(Chee Siok Chin at [33]; Bosch Corp at [23]).

Analysis and Decision

35 In order to determine whether the proceedings ought to be struck out under
O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court, it is necessary to analyse how the
Court of Three Judges reached its decision in Leong Pek Gan.

36 In this regard, the analysis in [29] above applies equally in the context
of O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of Court. In my view, the decision of Leong
Pek Gan would render the Statement of Claim frivolous and vexatious, both for
being legally unsustainable as well as factually unsustainable.

(a) Suit 843 is legally unsustainable because even if the Plaintiff were to
succeed in proving all the facts pleaded in the Statement of Claim, one can
say to a high level of certainty that – based on the findings in Leong Pek
Gan, which were made on a higher standard of proof – the defence of illegality
would be successfully made out in the present suit.

(b) Suit 843 is also factually unsustainable, as it is essentially the
Plaintiff’s attempt to prove factual matters that have been found in Leong Pek
Gan to be entirely without substance.

37 I therefore strike out the Statement of Claim under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the
Rules of Court.

Conclusion

38 For the foregoing reasons, I strike out the Statement of Claim pursuant to
O 18 r 19(1)(b) and (d) of the Rules of Court. I will hear parties on costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Irving Choh and Ms Melissa Kor (Optimus Chambers LLC)  
for the Plaintiff;  
Mr Vangadasalam Suriamurthi (V Suria & Co)  
for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

