Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 164

Originating Summons No 1021 of 2015

Between

Haja Maideen s/o Mohd Ali Maricar

… Plaintiff

And

Roshan Begum Md Ali M

… Defendant

judgment

[Muslim Law] — [Gifts] — [HDB Flat]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Haja Maideen s/o Mohd Ali Maricar

  

v

  

Roshan Begum Md Ali M

[2017] SGHC 164

High Court — Originating Summons No 1021 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
25 August 2016, 24 April and 28 June 2017]

11 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Housing and Development Board flat in dispute (“the HDB flat”) was
solely owned by Zohra Beebi @ Johara Beevi w/o A Mohamed Ali Maricar (“the
Deceased”). She passed away on 16 June 2011 in India. The plaintiff is the
Deceased’s son. He successfully applied for a grant of the Letter of
Administration in Singapore and is the administrator of the Deceased’s estate
(“the Estate”)

2 The plaintiff also applied for and obtained an Inheritance Certificate
issued by the Syariah Court in Singapore pursuant to s 115 of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 2009 Rev Ed). The plaintiff, his
brother, and his sister are certified by the Inheritance Certificate as the
beneficiaries of the Estate. The plaintiff’s sister is the defendant in this
case. The plaintiff and his brother are to receive two shares of the Estate
each and the defendant is to receive one share of the Estate under the
Inheritance Certificate.

3 The plaintiff intended to sell the HDB flat and distribute the sale proceeds
to the beneficiaries in accordance with the proportion set out in the
Inheritance Certificate. The defendant is living in the flat and refuses to
move out. She submitted that the HDB flat did not form part of the Estate as
the Deceased had made an inter vivos gift of the HDB flat to her on 22 April
2011. The defendant adduced the deed of gift (“Hibah”) executed in India in
support of her submission. The plaintiff took the view that the gift was
invalid as it concerned a HDB flat and required the prior written consent of
the Housing Development Board (“HDB”) under s 50 of the Housing and
Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed) (“HDA”). This was not obtained. The
plaintiff therefore submitted that the HDB flat remained in the Estate and he
is entitled to the orders prayed for.

4 The issue before me is whether the inter vivos gift made by way of the Hibah
was valid and transferred ownership of the HDB flat to the defendant. In
Singapore, the issue of whether a Muslim has made a valid inter vivos gift or
hibah is within the jurisdiction of the civil courts, applying Muslim law to
determine the issue (see Shafeeg bin Salim Talib and another v Fatimah btw
Abud bin Talib and others [2010] 2 SLR 1123 at [47]). Muslim law governs,
inter alia, the legal capacity of Muslim testators to dispose of property and
the proportion of the assets that may be disposed. The question of whether the
property was properly disposed has to be answered with reference to general
law such as legislation and the common law. The determination of rights and
interests in land in Singapore is governed by legislation, unless the
legislation specifically provided that it did not apply to Muslims (Shafeeg at
[28] and [44]).

5 Section 50 of the HDA makes it clear that no HDB flat shall be disposed of
without the prior written consent of the HDB. It is not disputed that HDB’s
consent was not sought. The transfer is therefore void and the HDB flat formed
part of the Estate upon the death of the Deceased who was the sole owner.
Equity cannot come to the rescue of the defendant in this case — the Deceased
had to obtain HDB’s approval for the transfer. She did not do so before her
death. Even if her estate can do so on her behalf, it is unlikely to do so
given that the administrator has brought this application before the court.

6 For completeness, I address MUIS’ opinion in its letter dated 23 December
2016 that the Hibah is valid. It appears to me that the opinion of MUIS may be
interpreted as an assessment of the validity of the Hibah in relation to its
form rather than substance. It is clear that MUIS only considered the validity
of the Hibah in accordance to Muslim law governing formal requirements. The
HDA was not mentioned in its reply letter. It is unclear what MUIS position
may be in relation to s 50 of the HDA. Be that as it may, MUIS’ opinion is not
binding on this court which has full jurisdiction to decide on the matter in
issue. I hold that the true issue as to the validity of the transfer of the
HDB flat is governed by the HDA.

7 For all the reasons above, I grant an order in terms of prayers one and two
stated in the originating summons.

Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Pereira George Barnabas (Pereira & Tan LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Defendant in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

