Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 232

Suit No 1229 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 135 of 2017)

Between

SUN ELECTRIC PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| SUNSEAP GROUP PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| SUNSEAP ENERGY PTE LTD  
(3)| SUNSEAP LEASING PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Patents and Inventions] — [Revocation]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Validity]

[Civil Procedure] — [Appeals] — [Notice]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sun Electric Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others

[2017] SGHC 232

High Court — Suit No 1229 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 135 of 2017)  
George Wei J  
30 June 2017

28 September 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 In this patent infringement action, the plaintiff, Sun Electric Pte Ltd
(“the Plaintiff”), made an application under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to strike out certain parts of the amended
defence and counterclaim dated 17 February 2017 (“the Defence and
Counterclaim”) and the particulars of objection dated 5 January 2017 (“the
Particulars of Objection”). Although the learned Assistant Registrar Justin
Yeo (“the AR”) agreed with the Plaintiff on two out of the three issues raised
at the hearing below, the outcome for practical purposes was that the
defendants’ counterclaim was substantially allowed to remain as it was.

2 The Plaintiff has appealed against the AR’s decision. In Registrar’s Appeal
No 135 of 2017, the main substantive question before me was this: can patent
revocation proceedings be properly brought before the High Court at first
instance, by way of a counterclaim in infringement proceedings before the
court? Although the defendants cited a number of cases in which the court had,
in previous cases, heard revocation proceedings at first instance, it does not
seem that this specific question has ever been expressly raised or examined by
the courts. After considering the relevant provisions of the Patents Act (Cap
221, 2005 Rev Ed), the legislative intention behind these provisions and the
relevant academic commentary on this issue, I find that the High Court does
not have the jurisdiction to hear revocation proceedings or to grant an order
for revocation by counterclaim. Accordingly, I allow the Plaintiff’s appeal
and now give my reasons. Given the significance of this issue, a more
extensive review of the patent landscape and patent system in Singapore may be
helpful.

Background facts

3 The Plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company which retails solar energy
to consumers in Singapore. It is the registered proprietor of a Singapore
patent based on Singapore Patent Application No 10201405341Y (“the Patent”),
filed on 29 August 2014 and granted on 8 June 2016. This patent is in respect
of a power grid system and a method of determining power consumption at
building connections in the system. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Amended Statement of Claim (“SOC”), [2]-[3].

4 The first defendant, Sunseap Group Pte Ltd, is the parent and holding
company of the second and third defendants. The second defendant, Sunseap
Energy Pte Ltd, is a licensed electricity retailer, while the third defendant,
Sunseap Leasing Pte Ltd, develops and manages rooftop solar photovoltaic
systems. The defendants are all Singapore-incorporated companies, and I will
refer to them collectively as “the Defendants”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

SOC, [4]; amended Defence and Counterclaim (“D&CC”), [5]-[6].

The patent infringement action and the striking-out application

5 On 18 November 2016, the Plaintiff brought Suit No 1229 of 2016 against the
Defendants for alleged infringement of the Patent. Out of the twelve claims
subsisting in the Patent, the Plaintiff asserted that the Defendants jointly
or severally infringed eight of the claims: claims 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10 and 11
(“the asserted claims”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Sun Electric Pte Ltd v Sunseap Group Pte Ltd and others [2017] SGHCR 6 (“the
AR’s Judgment”), [4].

6 In the Defence and Counterclaim, the Defendants denied all allegations of
infringement and counterclaimed for the following relief: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

D&CC, pp 20-21.

(a) a declaration that all of the twelve claims in the Patent, including
claims 2, 6, 8 and 12 (“the unasserted claims”), are and have always been
invalid;

(b) an order that the Patent be revoked;

(c) a declaration that the acts complained of by the Plaintiff do not
constitute an infringement of the Patent;

(d) remedies under s 77 of the Patents Act for groundless threats made by the
Plaintiff, namely:

(i) a declaration that the threats are unjustifiable;

(ii) an injunction to restrain the Plaintiff from continuing to make any such
further threats; and

(iii) damages in respect of losses sustained because of the threats; and

(e) costs, interest and any other appropriate relief.

7 The Defendants filed the Particulars of Objection setting out its grounds
for the attack on validity. It is to be noted that the objections grounded on
the prior art, lack of novelty and inventive step were made in respect of all
of the claims comprised in the Patent and not just the asserted claims. That
said, a separate objection based on insufficiency was only made in respect of
two of the asserted claims.

8 In response, the Plaintiff took the view that the Defendants had improperly
put the unasserted claims in issue, whether by way of a defence or a
counterclaim. The Plaintiff thus filed the present application under O 18 r 19
of the ROC to strike out the following paragraphs of the Defence and
Counterclaim and the Particulars of Objection, to the extent that the validity
of the unasserted claims was put in issue: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SUM 1221/2017.

(a) paras 4 and 14 of the Defence and Counterclaim, which state:

4\. … The Defendants aver that the Patent is and has at all material times
been invalid for the reasons set out in the Defendants’ Particular of
Objection.

…

14\. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Defendants seek
to rely on the invalidity of the Patent as set out in the Particulars of
Objection filed herein as a defence to the Plaintiff’s allegations of
infringement.

(b) para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim, which states:

16\. The Defendants aver that the Patent has always been invalid for the
reasons set out in the Particulars of Objection served herewith.

(c) and para 1 of the Particulars of Objection, which states:

1\. The alleged invention, which is the subject of the Patent is not a
patentable invention, is invalid, and ought to be revoked by reason of Section
80(1)(a) of the Patents Act (Cap 221)…

9 At the hearing before the AR on 5 April 2017, leave was granted for the
Plaintiff to amend the summons for striking out such that it now sought to
strike out para 16 in its entirety, and not merely in respect of the
unasserted claims. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”) of hearing before the AR (SUM 1221/2017) on 5 April
2017, p 1.

10 I note at the outset that the effect of the amendment to the striking-out
summons was that the Plaintiff was not taking the position that the Patents
Act prevents the Defendant from putting in issue unasserted claims subsisting
in the Patent by way of a counterclaim for revocation. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

The AR’s Judgment, [35].

Instead, the Plaintiff was now asserting that the Defendants could not put in
issue any claims in the Patent by way of a counterclaim for revocation. The
Plaintiff’s case was that the right to institute revocation proceedings is
confined to proceedings by way of an application to the Registrar of Patents
(“the Registrar”), and the Defendants could not commence revocation
proceedings in the High Court, not even by way of a counterclaim. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The AR’s Judgment, [35]-[36].

The AR’s decision

11 At the end of the first hearing of the striking-out application, the AR
directed counsel to make further submissions on prior case law, inter alia, on
counterclaims for revocation before the courts. Thereafter, the AR invited
response to questions on (i) the distinction between claims for revocation and
for a declaration of invalidity; and (ii) the relationship between ss 80 and
82(7) of the Patents Act and whether the right to seek revocation under s 80
is confined to proceedings before the Registrar. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

By letter from Supreme Court Registry dated 27 April 2017.

Subsequently, on 4 May 2017, the AR delivered his decision. The full written
grounds of the AR’s decision are recorded at Sun Electric Pte Ltd v Sunseap
Group Pte Ltd and others [2017] SGHCR 6 (“the AR’s Judgment”).

12 The learned AR first held that the unasserted claims could not be put in
issue by the Defendants by way of a defence against the Plaintiff’s
infringement claim pursuant to s 82(1)(a) of the Patents Act. A defendant may
only challenge claims that have been asserted by the plaintiff to have been
infringed, and the defendant does not have carte blanche to put in issue the
validity of the entire patent in its defence: see Astrazeneca AB v Ranbaxy
(Malaysia) Sdn Bhd [2012] SGHC 7 at [8]-[9]. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

The AR’s Judgment, [17]

The AR thus ordered the Defendants to amend paras 4 and 14, which were
contained within the “Defence” portion of the Defence and Counterclaim, as
follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

The AR’s Judgment, [50].

4\. …The Defendants aver that claims 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10 and 11 of the Patent
is are and has have at all material times been invalid for the reasons set out
in the defendants’ particulars of Objection.

…

14\. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Defendants seek
to rely on the invalidity of claims 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10 and 11 of the Patent
as set out in the Particulars of Objection filed herein as a defence to the
Plaintiff’s allegations of infringement.

13 Secondly, the AR also agreed with the Plaintiff that the unasserted claims
could not be put in issue by way of counterclaim for groundless threats of
infringement proceedings under s 82(1)(b) of the Patents Act. Section 77(2)(b)
of the Patents Act requires a plaintiff in groundless threat proceedings to
show that the patent is invalid “in a relevant respect” in order to be
entitled to the relief claimed. The AR found that s 77(2)(b) should be read to
limit an aggrieved party to putting only asserted claims in issue, especially
considering that it would be futile for that party to assert the invalidity of
unasserted claims in groundless threat proceedings. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

The AR’s Judgment, [24]-[30].

14 However, the AR decided in favour of the Defendants on the last issue and
found it proper for the Defendants to have commenced revocation proceedings in
the High Court at first instance. The AR added that this was particularly
appropriate where infringement proceedings were already before the High Court,
and revocation proceedings were brought by way of a counterclaim.

15 In reaching his decision, the AR considered numerous High Court precedents
in which revocation proceedings were brought by way of a counterclaim,
relevant provisions of the Patent Act such as ss 82(7) and 91(1), and academic
opinion. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

The AR’s Judgment, [40]-[49].

The term “revocation proceedings” appears to refer to counterclaims that
include a general averment of invalidity followed by a prayer for an order for
revocation. I will also discuss these points in greater detail at [19]-[22]
and [26] below, when I outline the parties’ arguments. For now, it suffices to
state that the AR declined to strike out para 16 of the Defence and
Counterclaim and para 1 of the Particulars of Objection, and instead ordered
the Defendants to make the following amendment to para 16 of the Defence and
Counterclaim in the interests of clarity: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

The AR’s Judgment, [50].

16\. The Defendants aver that all the claims of the Patent has have always
been invalid for the reasons set out in the Particulars of Objection served
herewith.

16 Although the Plaintiff succeeded on two out of the three issues canvassed,
the AR’s decision effectively meant that the Defendants were entitled to put
both the asserted and unasserted claims in issue, by way of a counterclaim
before the High Court for the revocation of the Patent. Dissatisfied, the
Plaintiff has appealed against the AR’s decision allowing the Defendants to do
so. It is upon this issue which the present Registrar’s Appeal turns. To be
clear, there is no appeal against the AR’s decision in respect of his finding
that the validity of unasserted claims cannot be challenged by way of a
defence to infringement or a counterclaim for groundless threats of suit.
Nevertheless, it will be necessary to refer to the distinction between the
asserted and unasserted claims in respect of some points in connection with
revocation.

The legal principles on striking out

17 As the legal principles applicable to the striking out of pleadings are
well-settled and were not disputed by the parties, I will set them out
succinctly. The grounds for striking out are set out in the four limbs of O 18
r 19(1) of the ROC. Under r 19(1), the court may strike out or amend any
pleading on the ground that it:

(a) discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence;

(b) is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court.

18 If it is indeed found that the High Court has no jurisdiction or power to
hear the Defendants’ counterclaim for revocation of the patent, then in my
view, any prayers for an order for revocation in the pleadings will be
amenable to be struck out under any of the four limbs of O 18 r 19. The
Defendants’ plea for revocation would “disclose no reasonable cause of action”
and amount to an abuse of process under O 18 r 19(1)(a) and (d). Having the
court determine the validity of the unasserted claims (which would only be
before the court by virtue of the revocation counterclaim) may cause
unnecessary delay to the trial (see O 18 r 19(1)(c)). Most of all, the
counterclaim for revocation would be “plainly or obviously unsustainable” as a
matter of law if the court has no jurisdiction to hear it, and therefore
“frivolous or vexatious” within the meaning of O 18 r 19(1)(b) (see The Bunga
Melati 5 [2012] 4 SLR 546 at [32] and [39]).

The parties’ arguments

The Plaintiff’s arguments

19 On appeal, the Plaintiff argued that the AR had erred in finding that
revocation proceedings may be commenced in the High Court at first instance.
The Plaintiff submitted that the AR’s decision did not take into consideration
the plain meaning of s 80(1) of the Patents Act, or the manifest intention of
Parliament in restricting revocation proceedings to the Registrar. Section
72(1) of the UK Patents Act 1977 (c 37) (“the UK Patents Act”), upon which s
80(1) of our Patents Act was based, provides that “the court or the
comptroller” (the latter referring to the Comptroller-General of Patents,
Designs and Trade Marks, the British analogue to the Registrar in Singapore’s
context) may revoke a patent on certain specified grounds. In contrast, s
80(1) of our Patents Act omits any reference to the court, and only provides
that the Registrar may revoke a patent on the specified grounds. The Plaintiff
contended that this omission is clearly indicative of Parliament’s intention
that the High Court should not hear revocation proceedings under s 80(1) at
first instance. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [8]-[15]; [33]-[35].

20 The Plaintiff further sought to show that the aforesaid omission in s 80(1)
was deliberate and not accidental, on the basis of other relevant omissions in
the Patents Act. Much like s 80(1), s 82(1)(d) of our Patents Act only refers
to “proceedings before the Registrar under section 80 for the revocation of
the patent” [emphasis added], whereas its sister provision, s 74(1)(d) of the
UK Patents Act, refers to “proceedings before the court or the comptroller
under section 72 above for the revocation of the patent” [emphasis added]. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [16]-[20].

21 In addition, the Plaintiff pointed to ss 72(6) and 72(7) of the UK Patents
Act, and the fact that s 80 of our Patents Act contains no equivalent
subsections. Section 72(6) of the UK Patents Act provides that where the
comptroller has refused to grant any revocation application under s 72, leave
of court is generally required before the dissatisfied party may make an
application to the court. Section 72(7) provides that barring certain
exceptions, a party may not apply to court where the comptroller has not
disposed of a revocation application under s 72. The Plaintiff contended that
the omission of equivalent provisions from our Patents Act must have been due
to the fact that they would be otiose in the local context where only the
Registrar may hear revocation proceedings. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [21]-[23].

22 The Plaintiff submitted that the AR’s reliance on s 91(1) of the Patents
Act was inapposite, because s 91(1) only grants the High Court the power – and
not the jurisdiction – that the Registrar has under the Patents Act. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [36]-[44].

On a related note, the Plaintiff also contended that the AR could not rely on
s 82(7) of the Patents Act, which provides that where patent proceedings in
which validity has been put in issue are pending before the court, leave of
court is required before any proceedings under ss 67(3), 76, 78 or 80 may be
instituted before the Registrar. The Plaintiff described s 82(7) as simply a
“house-keeping provision” which cannot be taken to grant jurisdiction to the
High Court. Otherwise, this would run into conflict with the plain meaning of
s 80(1), which the Plaintiff characterised as the sole provision in the
Patents Act granting jurisdiction for revocation proceedings in Singapore. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [45]-[48].

The Defendants’ arguments

23 Before responding to the Plaintiff’s submissions on the substantive merits,
the Defendants first raised a procedural objection with respect to the notice
of appeal filed by the Plaintiff on 18 May 2017 (“the Notice of Appeal”).

24 To summarise, the Defendants submitted that the Notice of Appeal is fatally
defective as it fails to identify:

(a) which of the AR’s orders or decisions the Plaintiff is disputing;

(b) what the Plaintiff is seeking to have the court determine on appeal, and

(c) the grounds for the appeal.

25 Further or in the alternative, the Defendants contended that the Notice of
Appeal should be dismissed on the grounds of being ambiguous, embarrassing and
prejudicial to the Defendants, who have been left to guess and speculate as to
which issue(s) the Plaintiff would be raising on appeal. Accordingly the
Defendants sought for the Notice of Appeal to be dismissed or struck out
pursuant to the court’s inherent discretion under O 92 r 4 of the ROC. I will
consider the Defendants’ contentions with respect to the Notice of Appeal in
greater detail below.

26 On the substantive merits of the case, the Defendants submitted that
revocation proceedings may be brought by way of a counterclaim in infringement
proceedings commenced in the High Court, even in respect of unasserted claims.
The Defendants put forward several arguments in support of this proposition:

(a) First, the Defendants contended that s 80(1) must be read alongside other
provisions of the Patents Act, such as ss 82(7) and 91. As infringement
proceedings have already commenced with respect to the Patent, the Defendants
are required to first obtain leave of court under s 82(7) if they wish to
commence revocation proceedings before the Registrar. According to the
Defendants, this indicates that they are entitled to bring revocation
proceedings before the High Court by way of a counterclaim. Otherwise, the
Defendants might be left without a remedy if leave is not granted. The
Defendants also argued that the High Court has identical powers as the
Registrar pursuant to s 91, and may thus adjudicate on the revocation of the
Patent at first instance.

(b) Next, the Defendants sought to establish that such a reading of the
relevant provisions of the Patents Act would give effect to the legislative
intention of reducing the cost of patent litigation, which was a key
motivation for Parliament’s enactment of the Patents Act in 1994. As the
issues concerning the invalidity of the claims would already be brought before
the court by way of defence and counterclaim for groundless threats, there
would be a risk of inconsistent decisions and unnecessary costs if revocation
of the claims were to be heard by the Registrar instead. This would contravene
public policy and could not have been the intention of Parliament.

(c) Further, the Defendants provided me with a table of 13 cases in which
patent revocation proceedings were brought in the High Court by counterclaim.
I will examine these cases more closely at [111] below. According to the
Defendants, these cases and the existing practice makes clear that the High
Court may hear revocation proceedings at first instance. The Defendants also
cited academic opinion for the proposition that revocation proceedings in
Singapore may be brought in the High Court at first instance.

(d) Finally, as the Patents Act contains no restrictions preventing unasserted
claims from being put in issue in revocation proceedings under s 80(1), the
Defendants submitted that no distinction should be made between asserted and
unasserted claims in this regard. In other words, the court may determine the
validity of all claims of the Patent in revocation proceedings.

Issues to be determined

27 For the purposes of the present Registrar’s Appeal, there are two main
issues to be determined:

(a) First, there is the procedural issue of whether the Notice of Appeal was
so fundamentally defective that the appeal must be dismissed at the outset.

(b) Second, there is the substantive issue of whether this court may hear the
Defendants’ counterclaim for revocation under s 80(1) of the Patents Act. If
the Plaintiff is indeed correct and the High Court does not possess the
jurisdiction or power to hear revocation proceedings, the appeal must be
allowed, and para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim and para 1 of the Notice
of Objection should be struck out or amended accordingly. In that eventuality,
the prayer for revocation must be struck out.

Decision and reasons

Whether the Notice of Appeal was fatally defective

The procedure for filing a notice of appeal from the decision of an AR to the
High Court

28 I will address the procedural issue concerning the Notice of Appeal first,
and I start by briefly outlining the procedure involved in appealing a
decision of an AR to the High Court. This right of appeal is set out in O 56 r
1(1) of the ROC, which provides that “[a]n appeal shall lie to a Judge in
Chambers from any judgment, order or decision of the [AR].” Order 56 rr 1(2)
and (3) then requires the appeal to be brought by issuing a notice of appeal
in Form 112 within 14 days after the AR’s judgment, order or decision, and
serving the notice of appeal on all other parties within seven days of it
being issued. Form 112 serves as a common form used throughout the State
Courts and Supreme Court in Singapore, and can be found at Appendix A of the
ROC.

29 As described by Jeffrey Pinsler SC in Singapore Court Practice 2017, Vol II
(LexisNexis, 2017) (“Singapore Court Practice”) at para 55D/3/2, the notice of
appeal “is the court document which a party uses in order to communicate his
intention to appeal against the judgment or order of the court and to record
the grounds on which he bases his challenge.” However, “it is only at the
stage of filing the appellant’s case that the appellant is required to set out
(i) his grounds for impugning the decision or the part thereof under appeal;
and (ii) the order he seeks in the appeal”: Singapore Court Practice at para
55D/3/3, quoting the Court of Appeal’s decision in Leong Mei Chuan v Chan Teck
Hock David [2001] 1 SLR(R) 261 at [9]. Form 112 itself states that the
appellant must “specify the whole or part of the decision” it is appealing
against. In other words, the notice of appeal must properly record the
decision (or the part of the decision) the appellant is challenging, and may
set out brief grounds where appropriate in order to communicate the broad
thrust of the appeal.

30 The Defendants cited several Malaysian decisions in which the notice of
appeal in each case was struck out for being defective. In Berjaya Development
Sdn Bhd v Keretapi Tanah Melayu Bhd [2014] 4 MLJ 606, the notice of appeal was
defective for failing to identify which of three decisions made by the lower
court was being appealed against. The Court of Appeal of Malaysia remarked at
[18] that the court was “in the dark” as to which decision the appellant was
challenging, and dismissed the appeal at the outset. In Public Prosecutor v
Hwong Yu Hee & ors [2015] 11 MLJ 138, the High Court of Malaysia struck out
the notice of appeal which failed to set out which three charges (out of five)
the Prosecution was appealing against. Whilst these decisions are not binding,
the underlying principle that arises from these Malaysian cases is that the
respondent must be made aware of the decision and issues being challenged so
that he may have a fair opportunity to respond and address them during the
appeal. There is much sense in this. Indeed, this ties in with the very
purpose of the notice of appeal as described at para 55D/3/2 of Singapore
Court Practice (see above at [29]).

31 It is clear the court may, in its discretion, dismiss the appeal at the
outset if it finds that the respondent has been prejudiced by a defective
notice of appeal. The Defendant cited another Malaysian case, Dato’ Wong Gek
Meng v Pathmanathan a/l Mylvaganam & Ors [1998] 5 MLJ 560, as an example of a
case where the notice of appeal filed was struck out for failing to comply
with the prescribed form. Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) (“the White Book”) however comments at para
56/1/2 that this decision was perhaps “exceptional” and was to be seen in the
context that counsel’s use of the form – which he appeared to have developed
entirely on his own – was described by the Malaysian High Court as “a complete
change which was unknown to the law.” The White Book notes that in yet another
Malaysian case, Hong Kim Sui & anor v Malaysian Banking Bhd [1971] 1 MLJ 289,
the failure to adhere to the prescribed form was treated as a mere
irregularity which did not render the proceedings void. I will return to the
question of the effect of any non-compliance below.

Whether the Notice of Appeal identified any order or decision of the AR being
appealed against

32 I first turn to the contents of the Notice of Appeal filed by the
Plaintiff, the relevant portion of which stated:

The appeal is against part of the decision of Assistant Registrar Justin Yeo
given on 4 May 2017 in HC/SUM 1221/2017, as follows:

(a) In relation to paragraphs 31 to 50, and in particular that unasserted
claims of a patent can be put in issue under section 82(1)(d) of the Patents
Act (Cap 221, Rev Ed 2005) by way of a claim or counterclaim brought before
the High Court for revocation of the patent; and

(b) In relation to an order of costs of S$2,500.00 in favour of the
Defendants.

33 The Defendants’ foremost contention was that the Notice of Appeal failed to
identify any particular decision or order in respect of which the present
appeal has been brought. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Defendants’ submissions, [30].

In other words, the Defendant submitted that the Plaintiff did not adequately
“specify the whole or part of the decision” of the AR’s decision that it is
appealing against: see Form 112, Appendix A, ROC.

34 To the contrary, it is clear to me that the Plaintiff did in fact expressly
set out the part of the AR’s decision it is appealing against, by stating in
the Notice of Appeal that “[t]he appeal is against part of the decision of the
[AR]… [i]n relation to paragraphs 31 to 50 [of the AR’s Judgment]”. Here, the
Plaintiff explicitly identified the part of the AR’s Judgment which is in
contention on appeal.

35 These paragraphs in the AR’s Judgment are headed “Section 82(1)(d) of the
Patents Act – counterclaim for revocation”. Paragraphs 32 to 38 of the AR’s
Judgment set out a summary of the parties’ arguments. Paragraphs 39 to 49 go
on to set out the AR’s decision and reasons. Paragraph 50 sets out the AR’s
overall conclusion covering: (i) the limitation of the defence of invalidity
to the asserted claims only; (ii) the limitation of the counterclaim for
groundless threats of proceedings to the asserted claims only; and (iii) the
right of the Defendants to put in issue the validity of all claims of the
Patent by counterclaim in respect of the prayer for revocation.

36 In response to this, the Defendants argued that the reference in the Notice
of Appeal to [31]-[50] of the AR’s Judgment was “misconceived”, in that most
of the contents of these cited paragraphs do not amount to any order, decision
or finding. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Defendants’ submissions, [28].

Yet at the same time, the Defendants contended that the only decision or
finding in the AR’s Judgment was at [50] where the AR declined to strike out
any of the paragraphs in the Defence and Counterclaim and the Particulars of
Objection. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendants’ submissions, [28].

37 I do not agree with the Defendants that the Notice of Appeal failed to
identify any order, decision or finding, or that the Plaintiff’s reference to
[31]-[50] of the AR’s Judgment was confusing or improper. As the Defendants
themselves acknowledged, [50] of the AR’s Judgment amounted to a decision not
to strike out certain parts of the pleadings, and it was apparent to me that
[31]-[49] (which preceded the decision) elucidated the grounds upon which the
decision at [50] was based. The Notice of Appeal therefore adequately
identified the decision of the AR on appeal, and by the reference to [31]-[49]
of the AR’s Judgment, briefly referenced the grounds which the Plaintiff would
be contesting. I find this to be sufficient for the present appeal.

38 I note that the Defendants also took issue with the fact that the Notice of
Appeal failed to expressly state that the Plaintiff is seeking to set aside
para 1 of Order of Court No 3094 of 2017 which dismissed the Plaintiff’s
striking-out application. This somehow suggested to the Defendants that the
Plaintiff was not appealing the AR’s decision declining to strike out or amend
para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim and para 1 of the Notice of Objection.
I find that this argument holds little force. There is no strict rule that
requires an appellant to make express reference to the relevant Order of Court
in the Notice of Appeal. In this case, there was no other order made by the AR
which the Plaintiff could have appealed, and it was clear as to what decision
the Plaintiff was appealing.

Whether the Notice of Appeal clearly identified the issue(s) raised on appeal

39 The Defendants also claimed that they were unsure about which of three
potential issues the Plaintiff was raising on appeal. I set out the three
possibilities identified by the Defendants, in their own words: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendants’ submissions, [35].

Possible Issue 1: Whether the Defendants are entitled to seek revocation of
the Asserted Claims but not the Unasserted Claims under s80 of the Patents
Act…

Possible Issue 2: Whether the Defendants are entitled to seek revocation of
the Unasserted Claims of the Patent “by way of a claim or counterclaim”, as
opposed to merely putting the Unasserted Claims in issue by way of a defence
only.

Possible Issue 3: Whether the Defendants are entitled to seek revocation of
the Unasserted Claims before the High Court by way of a counterclaim, or must
such a revocation application be brought only before the IPOS Registrar.

[emphasis in original]

The Defendants further contended that if the Plaintiff was raising “Possible
Issue 1” and making a distinction between asserted and unasserted claims for
the purpose of revocation proceedings, this would be another reason for the
dismissal of the appeal as this issue was already abandoned by the Plaintiff
at the hearing before the AR on 5 April 2017 and clearly did not form the
basis of the AR’s order or decision appealed against. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendants’ submissions, [38]-[47].

40 Of the three potential issues identified by the Defendants, I cannot see
how the Notice of Appeal might be interpreted to give rise to “Possible Issue
2”. Since the Defendants did not elect to file a cross-appeal, this
Registrar’s Appeal undoubtedly does not engage the issues that were decided by
the AR in the Plaintiff’s favour, ie, whether the Defendants could put the
unasserted claims of the Patent either by way of a defence or by way of a
counterclaim for groundless threats. This is supported by the reference in the
Notice of Appeal to [31]-[50] of the AR’s Judgment. Hence, the present appeal
must relate to a counterclaim for revocation. This in turn means that the
Notice of Appeal can really only give rise to two possible interpretations
when read on its own:

(a) The first possible issue is whether the Defendants are entitled to
challenge the validity of unasserted claims in revocation proceedings at the
High Court brought by way of a counterclaim. This seems to accord with what
the Defendants are describing in “Possible Issue 1”.

(b) The second possible issue is whether the High Court may hear revocation
proceedings brought by way of a counterclaim, regardless of whether this is in
respect of asserted or unasserted claims in the infringement action. This
appears to be what the Defendants are describing in “Possible Issue 3”.

41 Once the Notice of Appeal is read in the surrounding context of the
striking-out application and the AR’s Judgment, the real issue becomes
apparent. As the Defendants themselves pointed out, “Possible Issue 1” was
already abandoned by the Plaintiff when it amended its prayers to strike out
para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim in its entirety, rather than only with
regard to the unasserted claims. At [35] of the AR’s Judgment, the AR noted
that counsel for the Plaintiff had “agreed that under ss 82(1)(d) read with 80
of the Patents Act, a party is entitled to put in issue all claims of a patent
because, in his view, s 80 of the Patents Act ‘does not contain any express
limitation’.” Again, at [39] of the same, the AR reiterated that it was
“undisputed that in revocation proceedings, a party is entitled to put the
validity of all claims, including asserted claims, in issue” [emphasis in
original]. It is therefore clear from the context that the Plaintiff is not
seeking to draw a distinction between asserted and unasserted claims for the
purposes of revocation proceedings. “Possible Issue 1” cannot stand.

42 I note the Defendants’ contention that the phrase in the Notice of Appeal
which reads, “in particular that unasserted claims of a patent can be put in
issue under section 82(1)(d) of the Patents Act” [emphasis added], is
particularly confusing. I agree that this phrase appears, at least at first
blush, to intend for a distinction to be drawn between the asserted and
unasserted claims, when the Plaintiff was not in fact doing so as a matter of
law. After all, the Plaintiff had accepted that revocation proceedings under s
80 may relate to the patent as a whole, as I have just explained.

43 The phrase in the Notice of Appeal said to be unclear must be read in the
context of the proceedings below, including the decision of the AR. It will be
recalled that at the start of the hearing below, the AR heard and allowed an
amendment to the striking-out summons. At the time the amendment application
was made, the AR had not yet heard arguments in respect of the three issues
before him in the original striking out summons, viz (i) the unasserted claims
and the defence; (ii) the unasserted claims and the counterclaim for
groundless threats; and (iii) the unasserted claims and the counterclaim for
revocation.

44 Paragraph 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim, which is to be found at the
start of the counterclaim, sets out the general averment that the Patent is
invalid. Paragraphs 17 to 26 set out the averments and pleading in relation to
the counterclaim for groundless threats of proceedings. This is followed
immediately by the pleading of the claim for relief by way of nine prayers
which include (i) a declaration that the Patent is and always has been
invalid; and (ii) an order for revocation of the Patent.

45 The key prayer in the striking-out summons before the amendment was
directed towards para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim which pleaded
invalidity of the Patent as a whole. This prayer initially objected to para 16
to the extent that it included the unasserted claims. As mentioned above, this
prayer was amended at the start of the hearing below to simply read: “To
strike out paragraph 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No.1) [as a
whole]”.

46 The Plaintiff’s position in respect of the counterclaim for groundless
threats of proceedings has always been that only the validity of the asserted
claims may be put in issue. The Plaintiff succeeded below on this point and
there has been no appeal by the Defendants. As I have explained at [41] and
[43] above, context is everything.

47 In my view, the position of the Plaintiff after the amendment in respect of
the counterclaim for revocation was simply that the High Court does not have
the jurisdiction to hear revocation applications/proceedings and to grant a
revocation order under s 80 of the Patents Act. This was exactly the issue
canvassed by the parties at the hearing before the AR, and the issue which the
AR focused on in [31]-[50] of the AR’s Judgment as referred to in the Notice
of Appeal. The Plaintiff must thus be understood as raising “Possible Issue
3”, or in other words, whether the High Court can hear revocation proceedings
brought by way of a counterclaim.

48 In any event, even if there was some ambiguity, my view is that no
substantial prejudice was caused to the Defendants for the reasons below.

Whether the Defendants were prejudiced by ambiguities in the Notice of Appeal

49 The overarching question for my consideration is whether any ambiguities in
the Notice of Appeal have prejudiced the Defendants’ ability to effectively
resist the Plaintiff’s appeal. It is clear to me that this has not been the
case. The substantive arguments put forward by the Defendants addressed the
merits of the issue on appeal head-on. In fact, after counsel for the
Plaintiff clarified its position at the hearing before me, the Defendants
maintained the stance that they took in their written submissions. I am thus
of the view that the Defendants fully understood what the issues in appeal
were all along. Any ambiguities in the Notice of Appeal would only have been
minor and could have been resolved with reference to the overall context of
the case. I therefore find that no substantial prejudice has been caused to
the Defendants by any defect in the Notice of Appeal.

50 For these reasons, I see no reason to either set aside the Notice of Appeal
or dismiss the Plaintiff’s appeal at the outset. As such, I shall proceed to
consider the Plaintiff’s appeal on its substantive merits.

Whether the High Court may hear revocation proceedings brought by the
Defendants by way of a counterclaim

A brief history of the patent system in Singapore

51 As this case involves questions of statutory interpretation and detailed
consideration of Parliamentary intention at the time the Patents Act 1994 (Act
21 of 1994) (“Patents Act 1994”) was enacted, it is appropriate to begin by
briefly setting out the history of the patent system in Singapore.

(1) Patent protection in Singapore under the RUKPA

52 Prior to the Patents Act 1994 coming into force in February 1995, patent
protection in Singapore was only accorded to UK-registered patents. A person
seeking to register a new patent which had not been granted in the UK would
first have to apply for and obtain a patent in the UK before registering it in
Singapore. This regime of patent registration in Singapore at the time was
governed by the Registration of United Kingdom Patents Act (Cap 271, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“RUKPA”), which conferred upon holders of UK-registered patents the same
privileges and rights in Singapore by virtue of registration (s 6).

53 The privileges and rights so granted would continue in force as long as the
patent remained in force in the UK (s 7). This system has been described as a
“patent by importation system” or a “re-registration system” whereby the
grantee of a patent in the UK can apply to register the patent in Singapore
under the RUKPA (see, generally, Biogen Inc v Scitech Medical Products Pte Ltd
and another [1994] SGHC 188).

54 Once a UK patent had been registered in Singapore under the RUKPA, the only
way for a party to challenge the validity of such a patent in Singapore was to
obtain a declaration from the High Court that the exclusive privileges and
rights in the UK patent had not been acquired in Singapore “upon any of the
grounds mutatis mutandis upon which the United Kingdom patent might be revoked
under [UK law]” (s 9). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

The relevant provisions of the RUKPA can be found in A Guide to Patent Law in
Singapore (Alban Kang gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) at p 32; Solite
Impex Pte Ltd v Ang Lay See trading as Beng Poh Heng Trading and Others [1997]
SGHC 135 at [14]; and digested at 10 Mallal’s Digest (4th ed) at 1188.

55 The only other alternative was to commence proceedings in the UK to revoke
the underlying UK patent (see Ang Lay See and others v Solite Impex Pte Ltd
[1998] 1 SLR(R) 421 at [12] and [17]). Apart from the RUKPA, the only other
patent-specific primary legislation which existed before 1995 was the Patent
(Compulsory Licensing) Act (Cap 221, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PCLA”), which related to
the grant of compulsory licenses in respect of specific classes of patents.

(2) Enactment of the Patents Act 1994

56 The RUKPA and the PCLA were repealed and the Patents Act 1994 established a
new patent system. Transitional provisions aside, patent protection in
Singapore thereafter could only be obtained by way of application and grant in
Singapore pursuant to the procedural and substantive requirements set out in
the Patents Act 1994.

57 The provisions of the Patents Act 1994, whilst not identical to those of
the UK Patents Act, were modelled closely after the latter. The UK Patents Act
is in turn based on the Convention on the Grant of European Patents (European
Patent Convention) (5 October 1973) (entered into force 7 October 1977)
(“EPC”) (see generally Ng-Loy Wee Loon, Law of Intellectual Property of
Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“Law of IP”) at para 29.3.5). I
note that the patent system set up by the EPC and implemented by the UK
Patents Act is especially complex. In brief, a patent can be secured by
application to and grant by the UK Patent Office. It can also be (and
frequently is) obtained by application to and grant by the European Patent
Office (“EPO”) with a designation that includes the UK: “European Patent
(UK)”. A European Patent (UK) is treated as if it was a patent granted under
the UK Patents Act. Complex provisions were necessary to deal with
application, grant, invalidity, opposition and revocation, given the nexus
between the UK Patents Act and the UK Patent Office on the one hand, and the
EPC and the EPO on the other. This might provide some useful context for
understanding the UK Supreme Court’s decision in Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd v
Zodiac Seats UK Ltd (formerly known as Contour Aerospace Ltd) [2013] UKSC 46
(“Virgin Atlantic”), which will be discussed at [71] below.

58 At the second reading of the Patents Bill (No 4/94/A) in Parliament on 21
March 1994, then-Minister for Law Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof Jayakumar”)
described the Bill as introducing a new system of patent registration which
would be “vastly different” from the current re-registration system. Prof
Jayakumar further explained that this new system was one which would have a
“wide-ranging impact” (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (21
March 1994, vol 6, col 1445) (“Singapore Parliamentary Debates 21 March 1994”)
(Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law)).

59 Given the magnitude of the changes and the highly technical and complicated
provisions that a new patent system would require, the Patents Bill was sent
to a Select Committee of Parliament (“the Select Committee”) for deliberation
together with views from relevant experts and interested parties. After
hearing representations on a broad range of issues, the Select Committee
finalised its report which was presented to Parliament on 22 August 1994
(Report of the Select Committee on the Patents Bill (Bill No 4/94/A) (Parl 8
of 1994, 22 August 1994)).

60 Among other things, the Patents Act 1994 allowed for patent applications to
be filed directly in Singapore without applicants having to obtain a UK patent
first. This also meant that patents could now be challenged and revoked in
Singapore directly. Indeed, under the new system, the grant of a UK patent
became irrelevant to the acquisition of patent rights in Singapore. From that
point onwards, patent rights in Singapore became dependent on an application
to and grant by the Registrar under the Patents Act. A patent granted under
the Patents Act can only be revoked by an application made in Singapore.

61 The issue that has arisen in the present appeal is basically concerned with
the question of whether it is the Registrar or the court – or, indeed, both –
that is seised with jurisdiction under the Patents Act to hear claims for
revocation of a granted patent. I pause to acknowledge at the outset the
difficulty which the terms “jurisdiction”, “inherent jurisdiction”, “powers”
and “inherent powers” have caused in many areas of the law. This will be
considered in greater detail later in this judgment.

62 Returning to the statements made in Parliament during the second reading of
the Patents Bill, I note that Prof Jayakumar expressed the following remarks
about other significant changes to the patent regime in Singapore:

Other important matters covered by the Bill include disputes concerning the
validity of patents. Under the present system, these disputes are heard in the
High Court. Under the new system, the disputes will be decided by the
Singapore Registry, thus reducing litigation costs... Any appeal against the
Registrar’s decision will be to the High Court.

(Singapore Parliamentary Debates 21 March 1994, col 1447) (Prof S Jayakumar,
Minister for Law)).

63 The statement of the Minister for Law underscores the intention of
Parliament to reduce litigation costs by shifting disputes concerning the
validity of patents from the High Court to the Registry of Patents (“the
Registry”). I note in passing that issues regarding the validity of the patent
can arise in several types of disputes and proceedings under the Patents Act,
not just in revocation proceedings (see s 82(1) of the Patents Act). I will
elaborate on this further in my overview of the relevant statutory provisions
at [84] below.

64 Another observation I make is that under the old RUKPA, a party who wished
to raise issues of invalidity (for example, because of a lack of novelty)
against a re-registered UK patent before the Singapore court could only do so
by seeking a declaration from the court under s 9 of the RUKPA (see [54]
above). He could not bring proceedings in Singapore under the RUKPA, whether
by way of an application or a counterclaim in Singapore for revocation of the
UK Patent. If he wished to attack the UK Patent directly, the only way was to
bring proceedings in the UK for revocation under the UK Patents Act. The
comments of the Minister for Law on issues of validity and the reduction of
litigation costs should be read in the light of the old system under the
RUKPA. I will return to Prof Jayakumar’s comments later in my analysis of the
legislative intention behind s 80 and other relevant provisions of the Patents
Act.

(3) Introduction of the self-assessment system and shift to the positive grant
system

65 Another feature introduced by the Patents Act 1994 was the self-assessment
system, under which the examiner at the Registry could grant a patent as long
as the formal requirements for the application had been complied with, even if
the examination report revealed that the invention did not meet all of the
substantive criteria for patentability (see s 30 of the Patents Act 1994).
However, patent holders would risk having their patents invalidated when
challenged by another party, if their patents did not in fact satisfy the
substantive patentability criteria.

66 The self-assessment system under the Patents Act 1994 subsisted until the
2012 legislative amendments to the Patents Act came into effect on 14 February
2014. Under the new positive grant system, only patent applications with fully
positive examination reports are granted (see s 30 read with ss 29A and 29B of
the current Patents Act). This shift to a positive grant system was premised
upon an impetus to increase the quality of patents granted in Singapore while
bringing our patent regime into closer alignment with those of other major
patent jurisdictions.

67 Prof Ng-Loy SC comments in Law of IP at para 29.4.8 that the premise of the
self-assessment system was that patent applicants would exercise “good
judgment” and to proceed to request for a grant only if a positive examination
report was received. Prof Ng-Loy SC remarks that the premise unfortunately
proved false, as a survey conducted by the Intellectual Property Office of
Singapore (“IPOS”) in 2008 revealed that there was a minority of cases in
which applicants proceeded to grant even though the examination report was
unfavourable (see Consultation Paper on the Proposed Changes to the Patents
System 2009 issued by IPOS on 3 July 2009 at para 2.1.4; see also Susanna H S
Leong, Intellectual Property Law of Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2013), para
16.010 which notes that 13% of patents were granted on mixed or negative
examination reports under the self-assessment system).

68 The point is that under the self-assessment system, there was an obvious
risk that the patent register would include patents of somewhat “dubious”
validity. Indeed, even patents granted on the back of positive examination
reports might prove susceptible to a subsequent validity attack. But the risk
must nonetheless have been greater under the self-assessment system, since an
applicant might have chosen to proceed to grant even in the face of a negative
preliminary report. It is also worth pointing out there is no pre-grant
opposition procedure under the current Patents Act 1994. The need for a clear
and efficient procedure by which the validity of a patent could be challenged
post-grant, especially in revocation proceedings, was rightly regarded as an
important matter to be catered for in the new patent system. In the case of
invalidity and revocation, it made sense to vest the Registrar with an
authority to hear and determine applications for revocation, rather than to
require all applications for revocation to be heard by the High Court.
However, it does not necessarily follow that the High Court should not also
have some form of concurrent jurisdiction and power to order revocation of a
patent in appropriate circumstances. Whether this is in fact the position
according to the Patents Act is the question to be decided.

The in rem nature of an order for patent revocation

69 Before turning to deal with the specific issue of jurisdiction and power of
the High Court, it will be helpful to undertake an analysis of the conceptual
nature of patent rights, proceedings and orders, in the context of
infringement, validity and most importantly, revocation.

70 I begin with the trite principle that a granted patent is a right in rem.
The public at large is bound by a granted patent. On the other side of the
coin, an order revoking a patent also has an effect in rem: the patent ceases
to be a granted patent and is removed from the patent register.

71 The interface between an in personam action, the principle of res judicata
and revocation was discussed at length by the UK Supreme Court in Virgin
Atlantic. I summarise this case here for background:

(a) Virgin Atlantic concerned a European patent which enjoyed the same rights
and privileges in the UK pursuant to provisions in the EPC and the UK Patents
Act. It will be recalled that a European patent is a patent granted by the
EPO. The EPC provides for post-grant opposition proceedings before the EPO,
whereby a European patent can be revoked if found invalid or amended so as to
meet the requirements of the EPC. The EPC and the UK Patents Act also provide
for the English courts to have jurisdiction to determine the validity and
infringement of European patents (see Virgin Atlantic at [5]-[7]; s 77(2) of
the UK Patents Act and Art 64 of the EPC). Lord Sumption further explained at
[7] that “the English courts have the same jurisdiction to determine questions
of validity and infringement in the case of European patents as they have for
domestic patents” granted by the UK Patent Office. The jurisdiction of the
English courts over the validity of European Patents, however, is concurrent
with that of the EPO, albeit “purely national” in that a decision of
invalidity or revocation will have effect in the UK only, whereas a
corresponding decision of the EPO will have effect in all the states in which
the patent was granted.

(b) In earlier proceedings, the English Court of Appeal found that the claims
of a European patent were valid, and that the defendant, Zodiac Seats UK Ltd
(“Zodiac”), had infringed certain claims of the patent (see [11]). An order
was made for damages to be assessed (see [39]). The English Court of Appeal’s
judgment on infringement was final, and leave for further appeal to the UK
Supreme Court was denied (see [11]). Before the hearing for an assessment of
damages, the claims of the patent were amended in opposition proceedings
brought by Zodiac before the EPO. The Technical Board of Appeal of the EPO
(“TBA”) found that in the form in which the patent was originally granted, the
relevant claims were invalid because of anticipation by the prior art. The
European patent was thus amended by removing all of the claims found to be
invalid. The amendment ordered by the TBA had retrospective effect to the date
of grant. The relevant claims were the same claims in respect of which Zodiac
had earlier been found to have infringed (see [2]).

(c) The English court which subsequently heard the proceedings for assessment
of damages had to deal with the fact that the TBA had removed the infringed
claims with retrospective effect, and how this impacted the court’s assessment
of damages. Prior to the UK Supreme Court’s decision, the position in the UK
was that the doctrine of res judicata – specifically, cause of action estoppel
– applied (see [28]-[35]). On this view, as the question of infringement had
been conclusively decided by the English Court of Appeal, validity could not
be re-opened by Zodiac, and the patentee would be entitled to damages.

(d) However, Zodiac was not challenging the conclusions reached in the earlier
proceedings on the validity of the unamended claims (that is, the claims
subsisting prior to the amendments ordered by the TBA). Instead, its
contention was that damages should be assessed at nil (or nominal) because the
effect of the subsequent amendment (with retrospective effect) is that the
patentee suffered no damage (at [53]).

(e) The UK Supreme Court allowed Zodiac’s appeal. In brief, it held that cause
of action estoppel did not apply to issues that were not and could not have
been raised in the earlier proceedings. The fact that the claims of the
European patent in suit (on which the patentee had succeeded before the
English courts) were subsequently removed (because of invalidity) by the EPO
was something that Zodiac could not have raised in the earlier proceedings.
Res judicata did prevent Zodiac from re-litigating the English Court of
Appeal’s decision on the validity of the original pre-amendment patent.
Nevertheless, Zodiac was entitled to rely on the amendment by the TBA (which
had effect in the UK under the EPC and UK Patents Act) as a matter which was
relevant to the assessment of the loss and damage suffered by the patentee
(see [27]).

72 Leaving aside the problems that arise in the UK and Europe from the
parallel jurisdiction over validity established by the EPC (which were
expressly acknowledged by Lord Sumption at [3]), what is important for present
purposes are the comments made by the UK Supreme Court on the effects of a
finding of invalidity, an order for revocation, and an order for a patent to
be amended.

73 In the case of revocation, Lord Sumption at [32] described the revocation
of a patent as an act in rem which determines the status of a patent as
against the world. A patent revoked by the authority which granted it must be
treated as never having existed. The ground of invalidity is irrelevant.
Revocation is decisive regardless of the ground(s) on which it was ordered. In
a similar vein, Lord Neuberger remarked at [49] that revocation deprives the
patentee of the rights which the patent had bestowed on him against the world.
I agree that an order of revocation has an effect in rem.

74 Lord Sumption further stated at [7] that a decision on invalidity is also a
decision in rem. By this, what was meant was that the decision determines the
validity of the patent (or claims in issue) not only as between the parties to
the proceedings, but generally. Lord Neuberger at [57] similarly commented
that a decision on infringement is a decision in personam which binds only the
parties to the action and their privies, and that this is to be contrasted
with “a decision that a patent is invalid (or must be amended) is in rem, so
it binds the world, just as the patent, as long as it is in force, can be
enforced against the world.”

75 Bearing in mind the decision in Virgin Atlantic (which is of course not
binding on this court) and the statements by Lord Neuberger and Lord Sumption,
what is the position of a party who is already being sued for patent
infringement? He can certainly defend himself by raising invalidity against
the patent. But if the matter stops there (for example, because there is no
claim or order for revocation), even if he succeeds in the defence, his win
seems to be “in personam”, in the sense that the patent is not revoked even
though the court has made a finding of invalidity by way of defence in the
infringement action. In that vein, there is in theory nothing to prevent the
patent owner from asserting the same patent against another person. Validity
may well be raised again as a defence in that suit. In that eventuality, the
question arises: what is the effect of the finding of invalidity in the
earlier proceedings on a second suit in which a different defendant raises
invalidity as a defence? Given the in personam nature of infringement actions,
it might be thought that cause of action estoppel would not apply because the
parties to the two suits are not the same. But against this, there is the
statement of Lord Sumption at [7] that a decision on invalidity is also a
decision in rem which determines the validity of the patent (or claims in
issue) “not only as between the parties to the proceedings but generally.”

76 I note that special provisions are set out in s 72 of the Patents Act on
the grant of a certificate of contested validity of a patent in proceedings
before the court or the Registrar. In brief, when a patent has been found to
be valid (in whole or in part), the court or the Registrar may certify such a
finding and the fact that the validity of the patent was so contested. Section
72(2) goes on to provide that:

Where a certificate is granted under this section, then, if in any subsequent
proceedings before the court or the Registrar for infringement of the patent
or for revocation of the patent, a final order or judgment is made or given in
favour of the party relying on the validity of the patent as found in the
earlier proceedings, that party shall, unless the court or the Registrar
otherwise directs, be entitled to his costs or expenses as between solicitor
and own client other than the costs or expenses of any appeal in the
subsequent proceedings.

This provision essentially creates cost consequences for parties who seek to
re-litigate issues of validity where the court or the Registrar has already
found that the patent is valid. Although there is no equivalent provision
providing for the grant of a certificate of invalidity in a case where the
defendant succeeds in defending the infringement suit on grounds of
invalidity, it is clear that the court can grant a declaration of invalidity
(where appropriate) in connection with proceedings for infringement and
groundless threats of suit.

77 The interface between res judicata, in personam infringement claims and the
effect of a finding of invalidity was not addressed in parties’ arguments and
submissions. Understandably, the arguments before me focused on the specific
question of whether the court enjoys the jurisdiction to hear revocation
proceedings and grant revocation orders. Indeed, the question whether a
finding of invalidity takes effect in rem is not a matter that must be
decided. I discuss this issue simply as part of the backdrop against which the
question of jurisdiction over revocation proceedings is to be decided. I say
no more, save to make a few observations:

(a) Virgin Atlantic is strong UK authority that invalidity decisions are in
rem, but I recognise that there are differences between the patent system set
up by the UK Patents Act and the EPC as compared to our Patents Act.

(b) It does not appear that there is any requirement under the UK Patents Act
that a defendant must couple a defence based on invalidity with a claim for
revocation. Indeed, this was implicitly recognised by Lord Sumption in Virgin
Atlantic at [7] where he remarked that “[a] decision of an English court
declaring a patent invalid, or (which will normally follow) revoking it, will
have effect in the United Kingdom only” [emphasis added].

(c) But under the UK Patents Act, given the express provision that the court
may order revocation, it is not surprising that a defendant who pleads
invalidity as a defence will often (but is not obliged to) include a claim for
revocation. The close connection between a finding of invalidity by a UK court
and the court’s express power under s 72 of the UK Patents Act to order
revocation is consistent with and supports the view that a decision on
invalidity has effect in rem. And as will be seen from the cases set out at
[112] below, the “practice” in Singapore is also to bring a claim for
revocation by way of counterclaim in infringement proceedings where validity
has been raised.

(d) On a separate note, a decision that the patent is invalid, even if it is
made only by way of a defence to infringement, is a decision made in respect
of the status of the patent which is a property right in rem. The judgment of
the court and the finding on invalidity, whilst arising in an in personam
action, will be published and available to the world at large. Clearly, that
finding will be of interest to the general public.

(e) Finally, as I noted at [75] above, it appears that there is nothing in
theory to prevent a patent proprietor from asserting the same patent against
another person notwithstanding it has been found invalid (but not revoked).
But even if this is correct, the patent proprietor may nonetheless be unlikely
to do so in practice. He runs at the very least the obvious risk of another
finding of invalidity and serious cost consequences under general principles
of civil procedure. The practical effect of a finding of invalidity may
therefore well be that the patent proprietor will not assert the patent again
and may even allow the patent to lapse at the next renewal date or seek to
amend the claims (to the extent permitted) to respond to the finding of
invalidity.

78 In any event, it suffices to note for the present case at hand that a
revocation order, unlike a finding on infringement, has an effect in rem. I
will return to the significance of this principle later on in the judgment,
when discussing the central issue of whether the court has jurisdiction to
make a revocation order.

Overview of the relevant statutory provisions

79 Next, I set out an overview of the statutory provisions which touch on the
patent register, infringement, validity and revocation, so as to provide the
general context surrounding the main issue on appeal. This is necessary
because whilst there are several – indeed, numerous – previous decisions which
appear to accept that the court enjoys the jurisdiction to hear revocation
proceedings and grant revocation orders by way of counterclaim, it appears
that this is the first time the issue has actually been raised and contested
before the court (see [112]-[115] below).

(1) Provisions and rules on the patent register

80 I begin with the patent register, an aspect of the patent system that will
arise in the course of the later discussion on patent grant and revocation.
Section 42(1) of the Patents Act requires the Registrar to maintain a register
of patents in accordance with the Patents Rules (Cap 221, R 1, 2007 Ed).
Section 42(5) provides the public with a right to inspect the register.

81 Rule 55 of the Patents Rules sets out the Registrar’s obligations in
respect of the register in detail. Rule 55(3) requires the Registrar to enter
information including (i) the date of grant; (ii) the date of any renewal;
(iii) the cessation or restoration of the patent, if any; (iv) particulars of
any decision to revoke the patent; and (v) particulars of any court order in
relation to the patent.

82 In regard to entries concerning orders or directions by the court, r 64
goes on to provide that:

(1) Where any order or direction has been made or given by any court or other
competent authority in any matter under the Act, the person, or one of the
persons, in whose favour the order is made or the direction is given —

(a) shall file an application to record the order or direction, accompanied by
a copy of the order or direction; and

(b) if the Registrar so requires and within such period as the Registrar may
specify, shall file a specification as amended (prepared in accordance with
rules 19, 21 and 23).

(2) Upon a filing under paragraph (1), the specification shall be amended or
the register rectified or altered, as the case may require.

83 Several points regarding the register and the relevant rules are worth
underscoring:

(a) First, s 35(1)(a) of the Patents Act requires the Registrar to, as soon as
practicable after the grant of the patent, send to the patent proprietor a
certificate stating that the patent has been granted to the proprietor.
Section 36(1) then provides that the grant of a patent “shall take effect, on
the date of issue of the certificate of grant and… shall continue in force
until the end of the period of 20 years beginning with the date of filing the
application for the patent or with such other date as may be prescribed.” It
follows that the patent takes effect in Singapore from the date of issue of
the certificate of grant and not the date when the grant is entered into the
register.

(b) Secondly, under r 55(3)(j) of the Patents Rules, the particulars of any
decision to revoke the patent are required to be entered in the register (see
[81] above). However, as will be discussed below at [102], revocation of a
patent takes effect from the date of grant (ie, ab initio), rather than from
the date of the revocation order.

(c) Last but not least, I note in particular that rr 55(3)(k) and 64 require
that any orders and directions made by the court in relation to the patent be
entered into the register. The person in whose favour an order or direction is
made is required to make the application to enter a record of the order or
direction. I shall return to the Patent Rules later in the judgment.

(2) Provisions on how the issue of validity can arise

84 Next, I reiterate that the issue of patent validity can arise in many types
of proceedings under the Patents Act. It is not confined to revocation
proceedings. Section 82(1) of the Patents Act sets out the various proceedings
in which the validity of a patent can be put in issue. These include:

(a) by way of defence in proceedings for infringement under s 67 (s 82(1)(a));

(b) in proceedings under s 77 for a remedy for groundless threats of
infringement proceedings (s 82(1)(b)); and

(c) in proceedings before the Registrar under s 80 for revocation (s
82(1)(d)).

85 Section 82(2) provides that the validity of a patent may not be put in
issue in any other proceedings. It goes on to state that no proceedings may be
instituted seeking only a declaration of validity or invalidity. A declaration
of invalidity must therefore be sought as a relief or remedy in connection
with other proceedings such as infringement.

(3) Provisions on the substantive requirements of a valid patentable invention

86 Irrespective of the type of proceeding under s 82(1) in which validity is
raised, the grounds of invalidity are the same. Section 82(3) provides that
the only grounds on which validity can be put in issue are the grounds on
which the patent may be revoked under s 80.

87 Under s 80(1), the Registrar may on application revoke a patent on several
grounds, including: (a) the invention is not a patentable invention; and (b)
the patent was granted to a person who was not entitled to be granted that
patent. Other subsections of s 80(1) set out grounds which deal with the
insufficiency of specifications, conflicts between the matter disclosed in the
specification and the application, impermissible amendments made to the
specification, and fraud, misrepresentation or non-disclosure or inaccurate
disclosure of material information.

88 “Patentable invention” is defined in s 13. The most basic requirements are
that the invention is new, inventive and capable of industrial application. In
the present case, the grounds of invalidity relied on as set out in the
Particulars of Objection are the alleged lack of novelty, inventive step and
insufficiency (the last ground in respect of two claims of the Patent only).

89 It follows that when an individual has been threatened and/or sued for
patent infringement, he has the right to defend the action by contesting the
validity of the patent, at least in respect of the claims that have been
asserted. Often, as in the present case, the basis for the attack on validity
will be the lack of novelty or inventive step. Insufficiency is also
frequently raised in attacks on validity.

(4) Provisions on validity in the context of infringement proceedings

90 A very common defence in patent infringement proceedings is that the patent
claims asserted to have been infringed by the defendant are invalid.

91 The Patents Act makes clear the High Court and the Registrar both have the
jurisdiction to hear infringement proceedings. Section 67(3) expressly states
that infringement proceedings “may be brought in the court” [emphasis added].
When read with ss 67(1)(c) and (e), s 67(3) further provides that the
proprietor of a patent and any other person can, by agreement, refer to the
Registrar the question as to whether the proprietor can make a claim for
damages and a declaration of validity and infringement.

92 Where the plaintiff succeeds in an infringement action, s 67(1)(e) of the
Patents Act makes provision for the grant of a declaration that the patent is
valid and infringed. There are also detailed provisions in s 70 of the Patents
Act touching on relief for infringement of a partially valid patent.

93 But as touched on above, even if the defendant succeeds in mounting a
defence on grounds of invalidity, the patent remains as a granted patent until
it is revoked. If a second infringement suit is brought by the patentee
against a different person, that person will have to raise the issue of
validity (by way of defence). As mentioned earlier, the question might arise
as to whether the defendant in the second suit can rely on the finding of
invalidity in the earlier action to which he was not a party. Even if he is
successful in raising the defence of invalidity, the special provision on
costs in s 72(2) will not apply, as s 72(2) is only applicable where there was
a previous finding of validity of the patent. In such a situation, however,
the question as to whether the court can award indemnity costs against the
proprietor under general principles of civil procedure might also arise.

94 Finally, I add that as in UK there is no requirement that the defendant
must couple an invalidity defence with any application or claim for
revocation.

(5) Provisions on validity in the context of groundless threat proceedings

95 Whilst it is apparent from the present case that a counterclaim for
groundless threats of suit may be brought in infringement proceedings, the
issue of validity can also arise in a standalone action brought by an
individual for groundless threats of suit. A person who has been threatened
with groundless threats of suit does not need to wait for an infringement
action to be brought before raising the invalidity of the asserted claims of
the patent under the Patents Act (see s 77 generally). He may instead choose
to initiate proceedings seeking a remedy for groundless threats under s 77.

96 Again, I note that there is no requirement that a person claiming for a
remedy for groundless threats must also claim for revocation of the patent.

(6) Provisions on revocation proceedings

97 Turning to proceedings for revocation of a patent, it is also not necessary
to wait for an infringement action to be commenced before starting revocation
proceedings. Section 80(1) states that “any person” may apply for an order to
revoke a patent. He does not have to be a defendant in infringement
proceedings or even a person who is aggrieved by being on the receiving end of
a threat of suit (see also A Guide to Patent Law in Singapore (Alban Kang gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) (“A Guide to Patent Law in Singapore”) at
para 8.1.2).

98 There is good reason for this. A granted patent is a right in rem. The
public is bound by a granted patent. As noted earlier at [83(a)], the grant
takes effect from the date on which the certificate of grant is issued. On the
other side of the coin, an order revoking a patent has an effect in rem: the
revocation order when made has effect from the date of the grant.

99 Further, under r 55(3)(j) of the Patent Rules, the particulars of any
decision revoking the patent is to be entered in the patent register. A
decision revoking a patent is obviously a matter of interest to the public at
large. Indeed, it appears that a revocation order takes effect from the date
it becomes effective, which may be before the decision of revocation is
entered into the register.

100 The procedure for making an application for revocation under s 80 is set
out in s 80(9). This provides that the application shall be (a) made in the
prescribed form and filed at the Registry in the prescribed manner and (b)
accompanied by the prescribed fee. The prescribed form (Form 35) and manner
are set out in the Patent Rules. The Rules include provisions on (i) the
procedure for applying for revocation (r 80); (ii) the material information to
be provided (r 80A); (iii) the procedure for preparation of re-examination
report (r 81); (iv) copies and conclusions of the re-examination report (r
82); (v) award of costs on surrender of patent (r 83); and (vi) notification
of an opportunity to amend (r 84).

101 The material information to be provided under r 80A is essentially
concerned with the documents provided in respect of the search and
examination. It is noted that s 80(2) of the Patents Act provides that the
Registrar may “cause the patent to be re-examined by an Examiner so as to
determine whether the patent should be revoked”. In such a case, the applicant
is required to pay the prescribed re-examination fee (s 80(2)). Given the in
rem effect of a revocation order, the power to order re-examination by an
Examiner is understandable and important.

102 In the event that the revocation application succeeds, s 80(5) provides
that the order may be:

(a) an order for the unconditional revocation of the patent; or

(b) where one of the grounds [for revocation] has been established, but only
so as to invalidate the patent to a limited extent, an order that the patent
should be revoked unless within a specified time the specification is amended
under section 83 to the satisfaction of the Registrar.

Section 80(7) of the Patents Act further provides that the revocation takes
effect from the date of grant of the patent and not the date of the order.
Difficult questions may well arise as to the rights and liabilities of the
former patent proprietor, and obligations or transactions that took place
prior to the grant of the revocation order. Revocation of a patent may carry
consequences for other persons who have dealt with the patent owner prior to
the revocation. This is not a matter that arises for resolution in the present
case. Nevertheless, it is part of the general context to bear in mind in
approaching and deciding the issue that has arisen.

103 In the event that the revocation application fails, it is still possible
to challenge the validity of the patent in future proceedings, notwithstanding
the earlier decision by the Registrar (or by the court on appeal from the
Registrar) refusing revocation. Section 80(6) provides that the decision under
s 80 “shall not estop any party to any civil proceedings in which infringement
of a patent is in issue from alleging invalidity of the patent on any of the
grounds referred to in subsection (1), whether or not any of the issues
involved were decided in the decision.” It follows that a decision of the
Registrar or the court in an appeal from the Registrar under s 80 against the
application to revoke because of a finding of validity does not result in res
judicata or estoppel against any party to civil proceedings who wishes to
raise invalidity.

104 To put all of these statutory provisions on infringement, groundless
threats, invalidity and revocation into context, I use the facts of the
present case as an example. I refer again to the Defendants’ general averment
in para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim that the Patent has always been
invalid. The Defence and Counterclaim concludes with prayers, inter alia, for
(i) a declaration that the Patent is and always has been invalid; (ii) an
order that the Patent be revoked; and (iii) a declaration that the acts
complained of do not amount to infringement of the Patent. The claim by the
Defendants for a declaration of invalidity was sought in respect of
proceedings for infringement (by way of defence), groundless threats of suit
(by counterclaim) and the prayer for revocation. The Defendants did not
counterclaim for a declaration of invalidity on its own. As noted above at
[12]-[13], the AR below held that when validity is raised by way of defence or
in respect of a claim for groundless threats of suit, it is only the asserted
claims whose validity is brought into issue. Whilst this aspect of the AR’s
decision has not been appealed and is not before me, I see no reason to
disagree with the AR. It follows that since the Defendants’ prayer for a
declaration of invalidity relates to the whole Patent, this can only be
supported if the court has the right to hear revocation proceedings and to
grant a revocation order. I shall return to this later.

105 For now, I simply observe that the question of whether a defendant can
counterclaim for a revocation order or bring a free-standing claim for
revocation in the court is a matter of considerable importance. If the
defendant cannot bring a counterclaim in infringement proceedings for
revocation because the court does not have the jurisdiction and/or power to
make the revocation order, the consequence is that until someone (whether
himself or some other person) takes the initiative of applying to the
Registrar for revocation and succeeds, the patent will remain on the patent
register as a granted patent. No record of a decision on revocation will have
been entered, only a finding of invalidity by the court in respect of the
asserted claims in the infringement action. The confusion or nuisance value of
such a patent is readily apparent, and perhaps especially so, considering that
the Registrar only has a very limited power to revoke on his own initiative
under s 81.

106 It is true that the defendant who succeeds in defending an infringement
suit on the grounds of invalidity of the asserted claims can at least take
comfort in the fact that the plaintiff has failed in the action against him on
those claims. And if that comfort is not enough, the provisions outlined here
show that he may make a separate application to the Registrar under s 80 for
revocation.

(7) Provisions on amendment of patent specifications

107 For completeness, I will also briefly cover the provisions on amendment of
patent specifications. A patent owner may be able to save the patent from
revocation by amending the specification of the patent so as to get around the
objection (s 80(5)(b)). For example, it may be that only some of the claims
set out in the specification are affected by matters in the prior art or some
other ground of invalidity.

108 The provisions set out in Part XV of the Patents Act on the right to seek
amendments expressly apply to “any proceedings before the court or the
Registrar in which the validity of a patent is put in issue” (s 83(1)). Of
especial importance in Part XV are the requirements that the amendment must
not include “additional matter” (ss 84(1) and 84(1A)) or result in an
extension of the protection conferred by the patent (s 84(2)). The question as
to what amounts to additional matter and an extension of protection has given
rise to frequent disputes. Fortunately, it is not necessary to delve into
these issues in the present case.

109 Section 83(4) states that where an application is made to the court for
amendment, the applicant must notify the Registrar and provides that the
Registrar is entitled to appear and be heard and shall appear if so directed
by the court. Bearing in mind the in rem nature of a granted patent and the in
rem consequence of an amendment to the patent specifications, the requirement
that notice be given to the Registrar when an application is made to the court
to amend is perfectly understandable. I note that an amendment of a patent
specification under s 83 has effect and is deemed always to have had effect
from the grant of the patent (see s 83(3)). It is also worth noting that under
r 64 of the Patent Rules, provision is made for the recording in the register
of orders and directions made by the court and amended patent specifications.

110 The fact that Part XV of the Patents Act confers express power on the
court to allow amendment in proceedings before the court in which validity is
in issue, does not mean that the court necessarily enjoys original
jurisdiction to hear and determine revocation proceedings. It is the latter
which is the central issue to be resolved in this appeal.

Current practice in Singapore

111 Having set out a brief history of the patent system in Singapore,
undertaken an analysis of the in rem nature of a patent revocation order, and
provided a general overview of the relevant statutory provisions, I turn back
to the question at hand as to whether the court may properly hear patent
revocation proceedings brought by way of a counterclaim to an infringement
claim, in the exercise of its original jurisdiction.

112 I start with an overview of the current practice as discerned from cases
heard by the High Court. The Defendants presented me with a table of 13 cases
which involved counterclaims for revocation arising from infringement
proceedings, three of which were further decided by the Court of Appeal. I
summarise these 13 cases here:

(a) Several of the decisions cited to me were not directly on the issues of
infringement or revocation, and instead turned on ancillary issues arising in
the course of litigation such the amendment of patent specifications under s
83(1) of the Patents Act (see Warner-Lambert Co LLC v Novartis (Singapore) Pte
Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 252 (“Warner-Lambert”), discussed in more detail below at
[114]; Ship’s Equipment Centre Bremen GmbH v Fuji Trading (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and others and another suit [2015] 4 SLR 781) and service of a writ out of the
jurisdiction under O 11 r 1 of the ROC (see Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and
another v Colt Ventilation East Asia Pte Ltd and others [1999] 2 SLR(R) 983),
or a separate question of law altogether (see Attorney-General v Ting Choon
Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR 373 (“Ting Choon Meng”)). With that said,
each of these cases involved facts where a party was sued for infringement and
subsequently brought a counterclaim for revocation. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

S 390/2015, Statement of Claim and Defence & Counterclaim; S 315/2010,
Particulars and Defence & Counterclaim; Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and
another v Colt Ventilation East Asia Pte Ltd and others [1999] 2 SLR(R) 983 at
[4].

Apart from Ting Choon Meng, the alleged infringements in these cases were in
respect of all claims of each patent. In the patent infringement suit
underlying Ting Choon Meng, the plaintiff only alleged infringement of some
claims of the patent, but the defendant counterclaimed to revoke the entire
patent. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

S 619/2011, Particulars and Defence & Counterclaim.

However, this suit was discontinued.

(b) It appears from the written grounds of decision for five out of the nine
remaining cases that the respective plaintiffs each claimed for infringement
in respect of the entire patent, and revocation was similarly sought by each
defendant for all claims of the patent. First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v Main-
Line Corporate Holdings Ltd [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335 and Peng Lian Trading Co v
Contour Optik Inc and others [2003] 2 SLR(R) 560 were decisions of the Court
of Appeal in respect of the High Court’s findings at first instance, whereas
Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another v Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd and another
suit [2006] 2 SLR(R) 154, Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v DBS Bank Ltd
[2012] 4 SLR 147 and Ng Kok Cheng v Chua Say Tiong [2001] 2 SLR(R) 326 (“Ng
Kok Cheng”) were decided by the High Court at first instance. I note that in
Ng Kok Cheng, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) remarked at [75] that:

Once the patent has been granted, it remains valid for its legal term unless
revoked by the Registrar of Patents or the court. The grounds on which such
revocation may be made are set out exclusively in s 80 of the [Patents] Act.

[emphasis added]

(c) In the four remaining cases, only some claims of the patents were alleged
to have been infringed:

(i) In Merck & Co, Inc v Pharmaforte Singapore Pte Ltd [2000] 2 SLR(R) 708
(“Merck”), the Court of Appeal upheld the High Court’s decision allowing the
defendant’s counterclaim for revocation. Only certain claims of the patent
were alleged to have been infringed, and the counterclaim for revocation was
only brought in respect of the asserted claims (see [6]-[7]).

(ii) Lee Tat Cheng v Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 48 (“Lee Tat
Cheng”), a case this court recently decided, was similarly one in which the
counterclaim for revocation was only in respect of those asserted claims (see
[4]). Lee Tat Cheng also involved a counterclaim for groundless threats in
respect of the asserted claims. In the end, the patent claims were held to be
valid but not infringed. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

At the time of preparation of this judgment, the decision in Lee Tat Cheng was
on appeal.

(iii) In V-Pile Technology (Luxembourg) SA v Peck Brothers Construction Pte
Ltd [1997] 3 SLR(R) 981, the counterclaim for revocation was in respect of all
except one of the asserted claims (see [95] and [103]).

(iv) Finally, in ASM Assembly Automation Pte Ltd v Aurigin Technology Pte Ltd
and others [2010] 1 SLR 1 (“ASM”), only certain claims of the patent were
asserted to have been infringed, but the defendants counterclaimed to revoke
the entire patent as well as for remedies for groundless threats. These facts
are therefore the closest to those in the present case, out of all of the
cases cited to me. But I note that while Tan Lee Meng J made clear findings on
the validity of each of the asserted claims individually (see [55]-[62]), he
did not expressly deal with the unasserted claims. Nonetheless, Tan J “ordered
that the patent be revoked” (at [64]).

113 It may be argued that these cases implicitly suggest that the High Court
may at first instance hear revocation proceedings brought by way of a
counterclaim. However, it does not appear that this question was ever directly
raised, contested or ruled upon in any of the cases. It follows that these
decisions cannot be treated as precedents to determine the question of law at
hand.

114 In Warner-Lambert, for example, another case which this court heard, the
plaintiff commenced patent infringement proceedings against the defendant.
Shortly thereafter, the plaintiff applied to amend the patent. The defendant
subsequently filed a defence and counterclaim in which it sought revocation on
the ground the claims related to subject matter that was not patentable. The
amendments applied for were essentially intended to meet any claim that there
was no patentable subject matter. The main issue was whether leave should be
granted to amend the patent under s 83(1) of the Patents Act. At first
instance, leave was refused, inter alia, because the proposed amendments
involved an extension of protection. The decision was affirmed on appeal in
Warner-Lambert Company LLC v Novartis (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2017] SGCA 45.
Whilst the Court of Appeal made reference to the fact that the defendant was
challenging the validity of the claims and had counterclaimed for revocation
(at [18]), the question as to whether the court had the jurisdiction and power
to order revocation was not raised or determined.

115 The revocation order made by the Tan J in ASM is especially pertinent in
that the counterclaim for revocation was made in respect of the whole patent,
when only some of the patent claims had been asserted in the infringement
action. After a detailed review of the facts and law, the learned judge found
that there was nothing novel or inventive in the patent and ordered the patent
to be revoked. However, there is nothing in the reported judgment which
indicates that the court’s jurisdiction or power to revoke the patent was
contested.

116 I accept that the cases do at the very least establish the current
practice in Singapore, in so far that revocation orders have been made by the
High Court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction when hearing
counterclaims for revocation in infringement proceedings. The revocation order
in Merck was also affirmed by the Court of Appeal and concerned the asserted
claims in the infringement suit.

117 Whilst our courts have never directly ruled on the specific question of
whether the High Court may hear revocation proceedings, the Defendants cited
two academic texts that have considered this question. In Law of IP at para
30.0.6, Prof Ng-Loy SC states that “[a]n application for revocation under s
80(1) may be made to the Registrar of Patents or to the High Court.” In a
footnote (n 5 to para 30.0.6), Prof Ng-Loy SC adds that “[t]he power of the
High Court to hear revocation proceedings is found in s 91(1)”. Likewise, A
Guide to Patent Law in Singapore states at paras 8.2.1 to 8.2.2:

8.2.1 Any person may, under s 80, apply to revoke a patent before the
Registrar of Patents. Section 91 grants to the court powers which the
Registrar could have made or exercised under the Patents Act…

8.2.2 Section 82(1) sets out the circumstances under which the validity of a
patent may be put into issue. One such circumstance is by way of a defence in
an infringement action. In these proceedings, e.g. infringement proceedings,
the issues relating to the validity of the patent are heard before the
Singapore High Court, as part of the infringement proceedings. Where no
infringement action has been commenced, an interested person would have to
commence revocation proceedings before the Registrar. Thus, more often than
not, issues relating to the revocation of a patent are heard in the courts
rather than before the Registrar.

118 The Plaintiff now has the somewhat invidious task of showing that the
learned academic commentators are wrong. That said, the above-cited academic
texts do not delve much further to consider the precise jurisdictional basis
upon which the court’s purported original jurisdiction over revocation
proceedings is founded. The learned commentators’ observations may simply be
declaratory of the existing practice, in the light of the aforementioned
judicial decisions granting or upholding revocation orders made by the High
Court.

119 At the same time, I note that the “practice” is for standalone revocation
proceedings (ie, revocation not brought by way of a counterclaim in
infringement proceedings) to be commenced at the Registry (see, eg, Cambrian
Engineering Corporation Pte Ltd v FOSTA Pte Ltd [2016] SGIPOS 13; Lonza
Biologics Tuas Pte Ltd v Genpharm International Inc [2015] SGIPOS 13; Cargill
International Trading Pte Ltd v Martek Biosciences Corporation [2009] SGIPOS
12) rather than in the High Court.

120 The fact that there are many decisions which appear to have accepted
without adverse comment the right of a defendant in infringement proceedings
to bring a counterclaim for relief which includes a prayer for revocation on
the back of a pleaded assertion of invalidity is a matter that has caused me
concern. Nevertheless, and with due respect and deference to those cases, the
fact that there is a practice does not provide a basis to establish
jurisdiction as a matter of law. Nor can practice trump law.

121 In Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario [2013] 3 SLR 258 (“Re Nalpon”), the Court
of Appeal held at [25] in response to an argument for “jurisdiction by
estoppel” that the court cannot assume or confer jurisdiction upon itself
“regardless of how it may have acted”. Instead, the court’s jurisdiction must
be statutorily conferred. Similarly, I emphasise here that “jurisdiction is a
question of law [to] be determined by reference to the relevant legislation”
(Re Nalpon at [25]). But before looking more closely at the legislation
relevant to the court’s jurisdiction to hear revocation proceedings, I first
consider the general legislative intention in enacting the Patents Act 1994,
which may be helpful in guiding the court’s exercise in statutory
interpretation.

The intention of Parliament

122 Both parties agreed that the interpretation of the relevant statutory
provisions in the Patents Act must be in accordance with the legislative
intention at the time they were enacted. However, each side presented a
different characterisation of Parliament’s intention based on certain
statements made during the Parliamentary Debates. Prof Jayakumar’s remarks at
the second reading of the Patents Bill (see [62] above) are especially
pertinent to this issue, as his statements evince Parliament’s intention in
1994 to shift disputes concerning the validity of patents from the High Court
to the Registrar. This was relied upon by the Plaintiff to account for
omission of any reference to “the court” in s 80, and to substantiate its
position that only the Registrar may hear revocation proceedings in Singapore.

123 The Defendants’ argument rests on the point that Parliament’s broader
intention in moving disputes from the courts to the Registry was to save costs
in patent litigation. Prof Jayakumar specifically mentioned that “[u]nder the
new system, the disputes will be decided by the Singapore Registry, thus
reducing litigation costs” [emphasis added] (see [62] above). If the overall
objective was to save litigation costs, the Defendants assert that this goal
would be subverted should the court be unable to hear revocation proceedings
even by way of counterclaim when infringement proceedings in respect of the
same patent are already before the court. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendants’ oral submissions at the hearing on 30 June 2017.

124 The Defendants further submitted that in cases such as the present where
the validity of the asserted claims have already been properly put in issue
before the court by way of defence in infringement proceedings as well as by a
counterclaim for groundless threats, litigation costs would be doubled or at
least substantially increased if revocation proceedings could only be heard
before the Registrar. It was argued that as a matter of principle, if a
defendant in infringement proceedings wishes to revoke the patent in addition
to defending the claim and claiming a remedy for groundless threats, he should
not be required to bring parallel or separate proceedings before the Registrar
for revocation. Since the court would already be hearing evidence from the
parties on the issue of validity, the Defendants argued that it could not have
been Parliament’s intention to require the defendant to expend even more time
and money in mounting a separate application for revocation before the
Registrar. Not only would costs increase, uncertainty may arise if the
Registrar in the revocation proceedings comes to a different view on the
validity of the patent based on the material available or placed before the
Registrar.

125 Whilst the overarching objective behind the new patent system and laws in
1994 was to create a favourable climate for innovation and technological
innovation, Parliament was also cognisant of the costs involved in setting up
its own registration system as well as litigation costs, particularly in
respect of validity disputes.

126 I observe that cost issues in a patent system are complex and concern many
components including: (i) costs to the public in setting up new patent
infrastructure such as procedures to assess and determine compliance with
patentability requirements as part of the patent application process; (ii)
costs to the applicant for a patent who seeks the grant of a patent; (iii)
costs to the patent proprietor in defending post-grant attacks on validity of
the registration; and (iv) costs to the parties in respect of infringement
claims whether or not issues of validity are raised by way of defence. The
decision as to where the cost balance lies will likely need to take account of
the in personam nature of infringement proceedings, as well as the in rem
nature of a patent and the in rem consequence of an order for revocation.

127 In coming to my decision, I acknowledge the seriousness of the points
raised by the Defendants. But I have some concerns as to whether the
Defendants’ stated concerns about costs and parallel proceedings may be
overstated. Parliament must have been aware of the possibility that an
application for revocation under s 80 to the Registrar might be made after
infringement proceedings have commenced in court, and in circumstances where
the defendant in those proceedings has mounted a defence that raises
invalidity. This explains why leave of court is required in such cases under s
82(7). I will elaborate on this provision later in my judgment. At this
juncture, I simply make the observation that s 82(7) serves as a housekeeping
provision to mitigate any unnecessary costs and confusion that could arise
from parallel proceedings on validity in different fora.

128 Even if a finding of invalidity has already been made by the court, I do
not think that the filing of an additional application for revocation with the
Registrar can be deemed unnecessary or costly. Whilst some additional costs
will arise, the Registrar hearing the revocation application may rely on or at
least refer to the findings on invalidity made by the court in respect of the
asserted claims.

129 Looking at the provisions in the Patents Act on the patent application
procedure and requirements, amendment procedure, infringement, defences,
invalidity and revocation as a whole, and the circumstances prevailing at the
time when the Patents Bill was being considered by Parliament in 1994, I am of
the view that Prof Jayakumar likely did not have the specific question in mind
as to whether the High Court should also possess the jurisdiction to hear and
decide revocation proceedings by way of counterclaim where proceedings are
already properly before the court when he made his general statements on
litigation costs at the second reading of the Patents Bill (see [62] above).
In respect of invalidity and revocation, Prof Jayakumar was likely only
referring to the desirability of having standalone revocation proceedings
commenced at the Registry. As such, I do not consider Prof Jayakumar’s
statements to be dispositive or indicative either way on how the present issue
on appeal ought to be decided.

130 I look further to consider statements made in later sessions of Parliament
that enacted amendments to the Patents Act. During the second reading of the
Patents (Amendment) Bill (No 13/2012), Senior Parliamentary Secretary to the
Minister for Law, Ms Sim Ann, in expressing the importance of having a system
which reduces the occurrence of weak patents, referred to the ASM decision as
an example of a case where the defendant succeeded in defending an
infringement action “and even managed to successfully revoke the ASM patent”
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (10 July 2012, vol 89) (Ms
Sim Ann, Senior Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Law)). Her
comments were made in the context of the change to a positive grant system. It
does not, in my view, assist in determining the question of whether the
Patents Act was intended to confer jurisdiction on the High Court to hear
revocation applications or to grant an order for revocation in the exercise of
its original jurisdiction. Given that the Parliamentary Debates do not shed
much light on the question, I turn to the provisions of the Patents Act
itself.

Section 80(1) of the Patents Act

131 The Plaintiff’s core argument rests upon the interpretation of s 80(1) of
the Patents Act. Section 80(1) reads:

Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Registrar may, on the application
of any person, by order revoke a patent for an invention on (but only on) any
of the following grounds…

[emphasis added]

132 On a literal and black-letter interpretation of s 80(1), the provision
only provides that the Registrar may revoke a patent. Section 80(1) is
entirely silent as to whether the court may do so. The Plaintiff argued that
the wording of s 80(1) manifests Parliament’s clear intention to restrict
revocation proceedings to the Registrar.

133 It is clear that s 80(1) of the Patents Act was based on s 72(1) of the UK
Patents Act. The key difference is that s 72(1) of the UK Patents Act
expressly provides that the power to revoke a patent on application is enjoyed
by both the court and the comptroller (the equivalent of the Registrar). The
question naturally arises as to why Parliament omitted any reference to the
court in s 80(1).

134 The Plaintiff’s submissions highlighted other relevant differences in the
Patents Act as compared with the UK Patents Act. It will be recalled that s 82
sets out the proceedings in which validity of a patent may be put in issue.
The only reference in s 82 to revocation proceedings is to be found in s
82(1)(d) which only refers to “proceedings before the Registrar under section
80 for the revocation of the patent” [emphasis added]. There is no reference
at all to revocation proceedings before the court. The UK Patents Act, on the
other hand, makes multiple references to revocation before the court or the
comptroller. These include ss 72(6) and 72(7) of the UK Patents Act which deal
with the situation where an application is made to the court for revocation in
circumstances where the comptroller has refused to grant an application or
where the comptroller has yet to dispose of the application before him. The
Plaintiff’s position is that the absence of any provision in the Patents Act
(equivalent to ss 72(6) and 72(7) of the UK Patents Act) touching on the
relationship between the court and the Registrar’s power to revoke a patent on
application supports the view our Parliament intended for only the Registrar
to be able to revoke a patent on application.

135 Nonetheless, it may be argued that s 80(1) by itself simply empowers the
Registrar to revoke a patent upon application, but does not necessarily
exclude the High Court from granting revocation orders on the basis of
invalidity. Indeed, I note that s 80(1) is expressly made “[s]ubject to the
[other] provisions of this Act”. I therefore look to the other provisions in
the Patents Act to consider whether any of these provisions provide a source
of the court’s jurisdiction to hear revocation proceedings or to grant a
revocation order. The difficulty for the Defendants, however, is that the
statutory provisions on applications for revocation in the Patents Act are set
out exclusively in s 80. Indeed, there are no other provisions which
explicitly mention or refer to the making of revocation orders by the court in
the exercise of its original jurisdiction.

Section 82(7) of the Patents Act

136 Section 82(7) of the Patents Act provides that:

Where proceedings with respect to a patent are pending in the court under any
provision of this Act mentioned in subsection (1), no proceedings may be
instituted without the leave of the court before the Registrar with respect to
that patent under section 67(3), 76, 78 or 80.

This provision essentially means that in a case such as the present one where
there are already, inter alia, infringement proceedings before the court,
leave of court is required before revocation proceedings can be commenced
before the Registrar in respect of the same patent.

137 The Defendants’ position is that s 82(7) shows that Parliament intended
for both the High Court and the Registrar to hear revocation proceedings.
Learned counsel for the Plaintiff conceded in written submissions that the
inclusion of a provision like s 82(7) “makes sense” in a system where both the
court and the comptroller can hear revocation proceedings (see s 74(7) of the
UK Patents Act, which is the UK equivalent to s 82(7) of our Patents Act).
Where the court and the Registrar both enjoy jurisdiction to hear applications
for revocation, provisions would be needed to avoid duplicative proceedings in
the two fora. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s submissions, [47].

However, the Plaintiff characterised s 82(7) as “a house-keeping provision”
which did not assist with the question as to whether the court enjoys a
jurisdiction to revoke patents.

138 The learned AR’s view was that s 82(7) suggests that where revocation
proceedings have been brought as a counterclaim, they should ordinarily be
heard by the High Court, unless for some reason the court finds it appropriate
that leave should be granted for the Registrar to hear the matter instead (see
[44] of the AR’s Judgment). This, it was held, makes practical sense and lends
additional support to the view that the High Court may hear revocation
proceedings at first instance.

139 In my view, however, s 82(7) still makes sense as a housekeeping provision
even if the court does not have the jurisdiction to hear revocation
applications and grant revocation orders. As issues of validity can arise
outside of revocation proceedings, the effect of s 82(7) in preventing or
controlling “duplicative” proceedings applies in other situations as well. For
instance, where the court is dealing with the issue of validity arising either
by way of defence in infringement proceedings or in groundless threat
proceedings, it may well be preferable to prevent the defendant from
commencing parallel proceedings before the Registrar to revoke the patent
until the resolution of the proceedings before the court. I therefore do not
read s 82(7) to suggest that Parliament had envisioned that both the court and
the Registrar should have original jurisdiction over revocation proceedings.

140 Moreover, as the Plaintiff pointed out, our Patents Act does not contain
any provisions akin to s 72(7) of the UK Patents Act which deals with the
possibility of parallel proceedings before the court and the Registrar
specifically in the context of revocation. It will be recalled that s 72(7)
provides that a party generally may not make an application to court when
there are pending revocation proceedings before the comptroller. This
provision may be seen as a counterpart to s 82(7) of our Patents Act, except
that it covers situations where proceedings are first commenced before the
comptroller rather than the court, and applies only to revocation proceedings.
Viewed this way, the inclusion of s 82(7) in our Patents Act, while omitting
any provision similar to s 72(7) of the UK Patents Act, in fact makes it even
more likely that Parliament did not intend to vest the court with original
jurisdiction to hear and determine revocation applications.

141 It makes eminent sense that s 82(7) requires the leave of the court if an
application is to be made to the Registrar under s 80 for revocation. It may
frequently be preferable for the court to make its decision on the validity of
the asserted claims in the infringement proceedings before an application is
made to the Registrar to revoke the patent under s 80. The considerations of
the Registrar in revocation proceedings are similar to those which arise when
the court is asked to determine whether a defence to infringement based on
invalidity can succeed. After all, the grounds of invalidity are the same
whether the issue arises by way of a defence to infringement proceedings or in
revocation proceedings. In the subsequent revocation proceedings, the
Registrar may rely on or at least refer to the court’s earlier findings of
validity or invalidity, as the case may be. The extent to which the earlier
finding is relevant or dispositive will of course depend on the nature (eg,
validity or invalidity) and scope (eg, which claims) of the earlier finding
and the specific issues arising in the revocation proceedings. Further, as
discussed earlier at [75] to [77] above, the question as to whether the
earlier finding by the court on validity has an in rem effect may arise.

142 During oral submissions, the Defendants raised the concern that a party
may be potentially left without a remedy if the court cannot hear revocation
applications and yet denies leave under s 82(7), such that he cannot make a
revocation application to the Registrar either. The Defendants argued that it
cannot be the case that the court will always be compelled to grant leave, as
this would render s 82(7) otiose.

143 However, I find these concerns to be unfounded. Section 82(7) only applies
when proceedings are pending before the court. It will not prevent a party
from pursuing revocation in proceedings before the Registrar once the court
proceedings are over. Moreover, as I noted at [81]-[83] above, a party who
succeeds in obtaining a declaration of invalidity can (and must) always apply
to register that order in the patent register to give the public notice of the
court’s decision. In my view, this would greatly reduce any mischief arising
from the court not having the jurisdiction or power to revoke a patent.

144 I note that whether the court should grant leave under s 82(7) will depend
on the prevailing facts and circumstances. Whilst this issue is not before
this court, I venture to suggest that some factors relevant to the court’s
discretion include:

(a) whether the applicant seeking leave to bring s 80 proceedings is the
defendant;

(b) whether the ground of invalidity relied on in the infringement proceedings
overlaps with the ground relied on in the proposed application for revocation;
and

(c) the extent to which the claims whose validity has been placed in issue in
the existing proceedings before the court overlap with or are co-extensive
with the claims in the patent as a whole.

The last factor may be especially significant given the finding of the AR (not
appealed) that only the asserted claims can be put before the court in
deciding whether a defence has been made out and whether a claim for
groundless threats succeeds.

145 Returning to the main issue at hand, I am of the view that s 82(7) is not
conclusive on the question of jurisdiction and provides little assistance to
the Defendants. Indeed, when read in the light of the other provisions
touching on invalidity as a defence to infringement proceedings, including the
absence of any provision equivalent to ss 72(6) and 72(7) of the UK Patents
Act, s 82(7) is equally consistent with the view that the court was not
intended to and does not enjoy the jurisdiction to hear applications for
revocation by way of an exercise of original jurisdiction.

Section 91(1) of the Patents Act

146 I next turn to consider whether s 91(1) of the Patents Act supports the
Defendants’ position that that the High Court possesses original jurisdiction
to hear and decide applications for revocation. Section 91, which is titled
“General powers of the court”, provides that:

(1) The court may, for the purpose of determining any question in the exercise
of its original or appellate jurisdiction under this Act, make any order or
exercise any other power which the Registrar could have made or exercised for
the purpose of determining that question.

147 Prof Ng-Loy SC’s view, as set out in her footnote n 5 to para 30.0.6 of
Law of IP, is that “[t]he power of the High Court to hear revocation
proceedings is found in s 91(1).”

148 The Defendants submitted that s 91(1) confers upon the High Court the
right to make any order or exercise any power which the Registrar enjoys in
determining a question in the exercise of its original or appellate
jurisdiction, including the Registrar’s power to revoke a patent on any of the
grounds stipulated in s 80(1). The Defendants argued that this presents a
plausible explanation for why Parliament decided to omit the reference to the
court in s 80(1). The reference would have been unnecessary considering the
High Court’s general powers provided for in s 91(1).

149 The Plaintiff’s position is that s 91(1) only confers upon the High Court
the powers that the Registrar would have in determining any issue, and not the
jurisdiction to hear any matter over which the Registrar has jurisdiction.

150 In this regard, the Plaintiff cited Re Nalpon at [31] for the proposition
that the jurisdiction of a court is to be distinguished from its powers. Even
though Re Nalpon dealt with the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal to
entertain an appeal against a decision refusing leave for an investigation to
be made into a complaint of misconduct against a legal service officer, the
principles discussed are of general application. The Court of Appeal at [14]
confirmed as settled law the principle that the jurisdiction of a court must
be conferred by the statute constituting it.

151 It follows that it is only after jurisdiction is established that the
court’s power can be exercised (Re Nalpon at [45]). In coming to this
conclusion, the Court of Appeal discussed at length the distinction between
jurisdiction and powers. The Court of Appeal also examined the concept of
“inherent jurisdiction” and “inherent powers” as set out in O 92 r 4 of the
ROC (at [39]-[40]). The key point made by V K Rajah JA at [41] after a
detailed review of the authorities was that for conceptual clarity, it was
“preferable to refer to the exercise of [the] right to regulate matters
properly before the court as the exercise of the court’s inherent powers
rather its inherent jurisdiction”.

152 The Plaintiff’s case is that the High Court does not have jurisdiction
under s 80 to hear and decide applications at first instance for revocation.
Revocation is not a “matter” that is “properly before the court”. In coming to
my decision, I reiterate that the only statutory provision in the Patents Act
dealing with revocation is s 80, which is titled “Power to revoke patents on
application”. Section 91(1) goes on to deal with the general powers of the
court in respect of any question in the exercise of its original or appellate
jurisdiction under the Patents Act. It is true that the High Court has been
provided with right to make any order or exercise any power which the
Registrar possessed for determining the same question. But this does not
address the even more fundamental question of what the original and appellate
jurisdiction conferred on the court under the Patents Act is. Is revocation a
matter that is properly before the court in the first place?

153 The Patents Act, as discussed earlier, contains complicated and often
interlocking provisions on the types of proceedings which may be brought under
the Act and what might loosely be described as the “roles” of the court and
Registrar. The issues concerning the original and appellate jurisdiction of
the High Court under the Patents Act and whether revocation proceedings fall
within the High Court’s original jurisdiction demand careful consideration in
the light of the principles confirmed or established by Re Nalpon.

154 For avoidance of doubt, it is clear that the High Court can determine
questions on revocation under s 80 in the exercise of its appellate
jurisdiction over decisions of the Registrar. Where the High Court hears an
appeal against a Registrar’s decision under s 80 there is no doubt that the
High Court has the power to make any order and to exercise any power that the
Registrar possesses under s 80.

155 The basis for the High Court’s appellate jurisdiction is straightforward.
As pointed out above, Re Nalpon at [14] states that “[i]t is settled law that
the jurisdiction of a court must be statutorily conferred by the statute
constituting it” [emphasis added]. In this regard, the Court of Appeal was
referring to Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”),
which established the jurisdiction of the High Court (at [25]). Section 20 of
the SCJA sets out the High Court’s appellate civil jurisdiction, which
includes “(c) the hearing of appeals from other tribunals as may from time to
time be prescribed by any written law”. This includes the court’s appellate
jurisdiction over decisions made by the Registrar at first instance under the
Patents Act. Indeed, s 90(1) of the Patents Act expressly provides for the
right of appeal of decisions of the Registrar to the High Court. But the much
trickier question is what the original jurisdiction of the High Court
encompasses in respect of the various matters and proceedings dealt with under
the Patents Act.

156 It is clear that the High Court is seised of jurisdiction under s 16 of
the SCJA which provides for the court’s general civil jurisdiction to hear
actions in personam. Yeo Tiong Min SC, “Jurisdiction of the Singapore Courts”
in The Singapore Legal System (Kevin YL Tan ed) (Singapore University Press,
2nd Ed, 1999) at p 257 further explains that s 16 of the SCJA confers both in
personam jurisdiction and unlimited subject matter jurisdiction on the High
Court.

157 It will be recalled that an action for infringement is a claim by the
proprietor of the patent against the defendant in personam (see [75] above).
The patent in issue would of course be a Singapore patent secured by grant in
Singapore. Where infringement proceedings have been brought, the patent would
already be before the High Court. It follows that the defendant would have the
express right to defend the proceedings by raising the issue of validity of
the res, the rights in which would be relied upon in the action.

158 A claim for patent revocation goes beyond a defence to an in personam
claim for infringement. It involves the determination of the status of a res
or thing, for the very purpose of removing it from the register and depriving
the patentee of the rights in rem bestowed on him as against the world. As
Lord Neuberger stated at [49] in Virgin Atlantic, the effect of revocation is
that everyone is entitled to conduct their affairs as if the patent had never
existed. That being so, jurisdiction in rem is necessary.

159 There is thus a distinction between raising invalidity as a defence in an
infringement action (and likewise, in a claim for groundless threats) and in
proceedings to revoke the patent. The fact that the High Court has
jurisdiction to hear a claim concerning infringement of the exclusive rights
conferred by the patent or a claim against the proprietor of the patent, in
circumstances where the validity of the patent is raised as a defence, does
not necessarily mean that the High Court has the jurisdiction or power to hear
all proceedings, disputes and issues arising under the Patents Act including
those which seek the revocation of the patent.

160 Returning to the SCJA, s 16(2) provides that “[w]ithout prejudice to the
generality of subsection (1), the High Court shall have such jurisdiction as
is vested in it by any other written law.”

161 As discussed above, the Patents Act confers original jurisdiction on the
High Court to hear certain proceedings. These include, for example,
proceedings: (i) for infringement (s 67); (ii) for groundless threats of suit
(s 77(1)); (iii) on disputes as to Government use (s 58); (iv) in respect of
compulsory licences (s 55); and (v) for the rectification of entries in the
patent register (s 44).

162 Reference has already been made to the complex web of provisions in the
Patents Act, many of which are concerned with the procedure for applying and
obtaining grant of a patent in Singapore. These are necessarily detailed and
deal with a broad range of matters such as those relating to state of art,
examination reports, patentability as well as provisions on the procedural
interface between international applications and entry into national phases of
examination and grant. Other provisions deal with property rights and the
requirement to register certain transactions in the patent register. There are
also detailed provisions on matters pertaining to the amendment of patent
applications and patent specifications whether before or after grant,
revocation of patents and, of course, proceedings for infringement and
remedies.

163 It is no surprise that disputes under the Patents Act cover a vast range
of issues. Some disputes may be between the applicant for a patent and the
Registrar. Other disputes will concern issues that arise between the patent
proprietor and/or his exclusive licensee and third parties, such as actions
for infringement and applications under s 80 for revocation. In many of the
disputes, the question of validity will be in issue.

164 The fact that the Patents Act contains numerous, complex and sometimes
overlapping substantive provisions on validity in respect of a range of
different proceedings is a reflection of the complex nature of a patent system
which needs to meet and serve numerous interests and concerns. Parliament, in
enacting Patents Act, was clearly cognisant of the need to demarcate and to
set out the roles of the Registrar and the High Court in respect of the
different issues, disputes and proceedings which can arise under the Act. As
pointed out above, this includes providing clear and efficient procedures by
which the validity of a registered patent can be put in issue and challenged
post-grant including by means of an application to revoke a patent.

165 The result is to be found in s 80, which is framed to cover revocation
proceedings by way of application to the Registrar. As explained, the fact
that Parliament expressly conferred the right to hear revocation applications
on the Registrar is not surprising. The Patents Act, as discussed, replaced
the old re-registration system under the RUKPA with a brand-new system
dependent upon application, examination and grant in Singapore. It would be
surprising if Parliament had decided to vest the right to hear and decide
revocation applications in the High Court to the exclusion of the Registrar.
That is, of course, not the position under Patents Act. The statutory
provisions and procedure on revocation, as we have seen, are directed towards
the Registrar. These include important provisions on re-examination by patent
examiners. The application is to the Registrar and must be in the prescribed
form. There is no prescribed form covering an application to the court.
Indeed, the Registrar also has an independent power (not dependent on any
application) under s 81 to revoke a granted patent, albeit only on the limited
ground that the invention forms part of the state of art by reference to
matter contained in another patent application that was published after the
priority date of the invention in issue.

166 The Patents Act expressly provides the High Court with an appellate
jurisdiction over many decisions of the Registrar, including decisions made by
the Registrar under s 80. This is a good reason for providing that the High
Court in exercising its appellate jurisdiction has the same powers as the
Registrar. This does not, however, mean that the High Court enjoys original
jurisdiction to hear applications under s 80 or power to grant an order for
revocation by way of a counterclaim in an infringement suit.

167 In the absence of any express statutory provision conferring original
jurisdiction upon the court to hear revocation proceedings (by application) or
grant a prayer for revocation whether or not by way of counterclaim in
infringement proceedings, I find that the High Court has no such jurisdiction
to do so. Accordingly, no powers of the Registrar in respect of application
for patent revocation under s 80 are vested in the court by virtue of s 91(1).

168 In coming to this decision, I have noted that the Defendants were not
making an application to the court under s 80 as such. Instead, what was
pleaded in the counterclaim was (i) a general averment of invalidity; and (ii)
a consequential prayer for an order that the patent be revoked. Would it make
any difference if the order of the court is simply an order that the patent is
to be revoked by the Registrar? Might it be said that the court is not
purporting to revoke the patent, but instead merely ordering that steps be
taken to secure the revocation? In any case, it begs the question: against
whom is the order being made and who is to take the necessary steps? It might
be argued that an order against the patentee to take steps to secure the
revocation of the patent in suit would operate only in personam rather than in
rem. But such an order seems to me to be rather strained, and strikes me as an
artificial way for the court to circumvent its lack of jurisdiction to make an
order that is indisputably of an in rem nature.

169 An order that a patent is to be revoked is clearly one that is made in rem
and good against the world. Given the differences between the nature of
proceedings for infringement and groundless threats on the one hand, and that
of revocation proceedings on the other, it follows that the court must have
original jurisdiction to hear and determine revocation proceedings if an order
for revocation is to be made. The decision I have come to, with some
difficulty, is that the court does not have such original jurisdiction.

Procedural requirements under the Patents Act and Patent Rules

170 Further, as mentioned at [100]-[101] above, s 80(9) of the Patents Act
sets out the procedure for making an application for revocation under s 80. In
particular, s 80(9)(a) requires the application to made in the prescribed form
and filed at the Registry in the prescribed manner as specified under the
Patent Rules. In my view, these required forms and procedures, as well as the
power of the Registrar to require the patent to be sent for re-examination by
patent examiners (see s 80(2)), do not sit comfortably with the assertion that
the court may order revocation simply on the back of a plea of invalidity in
the counterclaim.

171 On a different note related to procedure under the Patents Rules, the
point has been made above at [81]-[83] that the Rules require the entry into
the register of orders and directions made by the court in relation to the
patent. The person in whose favour the court’s order or direction is made has
the task of making the application to enter a record of the order or direction
(r 64(1)(a)). This certainly does not mean that the court must be taken to
have the jurisdiction or power to make revocation orders. It will be recalled
that r 55(3)(j) which requires the entry in the register of a decision
revoking the patent is separate from r 55(3)(k) which requires the entry of
any court order in relation to the patent. It is clear that when the court
makes a finding of invalidity in respect of the asserted claims (whether by
way of defence in infringement proceedings or proceedings for groundless
threats) and grants a declaration of invalidity, the order (ie, the
declaration of invalidity) shall be entered in the register against the
patent. An order declaring the asserted claims invalid is, of course, not the
same as an order for the revocation of the patent.

Comparisons to the statutory regimes on registered designs and trade marks

172 Finally, I look beyond the patent system to draw some comparisons between
the Patents Act and legislation protecting other intellectual property rights
such as registered designs and trademarks.

173 The Registered Designs Act (Cap 266, 2005 Rev Ed) (“RDA”) provides for the
registration system for protecting industrial designs. Prior to the RDA, the
principal law on industrial designs in Singapore was to be found in the UK
Designs (Protection) Act (Cap 339) (“UKDPA”). The system of industrial
protection under the UKDPA was similar to the re-registration system for
patent under the RUKPA. Designs registered in the UK would acquire the
corresponding rights and privileges in Singapore. But unlike with the RUKPA,
there was no need to even formally re-register the design in Singapore. The
original enactment of the RDA in 2000 repealed the UKDPA and set up
Singapore’s first national registration system to protect industrial designs.

174 Under the RDA, there is no substantive pre-grant examination requirement.
The provisions on revocation are different than those found in Patents Act.
Section 27 of the RDA provides:

(1) At any time after a design has been registered, any interested person may
apply to the Registrar or the Court for the revocation of the registration of
the design on the ground that the design was not, at the date of its
registration, new, or on any other ground on which the Registrar could have
refused to register the design; and the Registrar may make such order on the
application as he thinks fit.

(2) At any time after a design has been registered, any interested person may
apply to the Registrar or the Court for the revocation of the registration…
and the Registrar may make such order on the application as he thinks fit.

(3) If proceedings concerning a design are pending in the Court, an
application for the revocation of its registration must be made to the Court.

(4) If an application for the revocation of the registration of a design is
made to the Registrar, he may at any time refer the application to the Court.

(5) An application to the Registrar for the revocation of the registration of
a design shall be made in the prescribed manner and be accompanied by the
prescribed fee.

175 It is not necessary to engage in a detailed discussion of the grant
procedure and revocation applications set out in the RDA. Fuller treatment of
the grant and revocation procedures may be found in the monograph written
extra-judicially: George Wei Sze Shun, Industrial Design Law in Singapore
(Academy Publishing, 2012) at paras 2.246 and 6.47 to 6.62. The point of
interest is that s 27(2) of the RDA makes it expressly clear that revocation
applications may be brought before “the Registrar or the Court” [emphasis
added], unlike s 80(1) of the Patents Act. The provisions also leave no room
for any doubt that where proceedings concerning a design are pending before
the court, an application for revocation can only be made to the court (s
27(3)). It is further made clear that it is only when the application is made
to the Registrar for revocation that the application is to be made in the
prescribed manner (s 27(5)).

176 The provisions set out in s 27 of the RDA are not decisive or directly
relevant to the matter before me. But a comparison between these provisions
and s 80 of the Patents Act provides some support for the decision that the
High Court does not have the original jurisdiction under the Patents Act to
hear revocation applications or to make an order for revocation, given the
absence of equivalent provisions in the Patents Act.

177 Further, s 27(2) of the RDA recognises that applications for revocation
made be made either to the Registrar or the High Court, but only provides that
“the Registrar may make such order on the application as he thinks fit”
[emphasis added]. Although this issue is certainly not before me, the omission
of any reference to the courts in this regard might suggest that revocation
orders are to be made by the Registrar only. On the issue, I merely make the
observation that such a position would align with the outcome of the present
case in the context of the patent system, in that any revocation order must
ultimately be made by the Registrar rather than by the court.

178 Next, I note that the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”)
contains detailed provisions on (i) pre-grant opposition; (ii) declaration of
invalidity of registration; and (iii) revocation. The short observation is
that ss 22(5) and 23(5) of the TMA, like s 27(2) of the RDA, expressly provide
that applications for declaration of invalidity and for revocation may be made
“either to the Registrar or to the Court” [emphasis added]. Again, I note that
there is no equivalent provision in the Patents Act. Opposition proceedings
under s 13 of the TMA, however, are before the Registrar or appointed person
with an appeal to the High Court. The High Court does not have original
jurisdiction over opposition proceedings.

Further remarks and observations

179 Finally, for the sake of completeness, I note several further issues that
may have arisen from counsel’s oral arguments and written submissions. Whilst
the Plaintiff has succeeded on appeal in this challenge to jurisdiction, I
take this opportunity to set out some general observations on patent claims.

180 First, as a matter of civil procedure, there is no distinction between the
court’s jurisdiction over claims and counterclaims. Both are proceedings which
involve the exercise of the court’s original jurisdiction. The subject matter
and relief sought by way of counterclaim could well have been brought as a
claim in proceedings instituted by the defendant. It has been suggested that a
distinction might be drawn under the Patents Act between (i) the High Court
having jurisdiction to hear revocation proceedings by way of counterclaim in
an infringement action; and (ii) the High Court having and exercising
jurisdiction to hear revocation proceedings on a standalone basis (see [43] of
the AR’s Judgment). Even if the High Court possesses original jurisdiction to
hear revocation proceedings, the practice has been for standalone applications
to be heard first by the Registrar. Whilst this may well have been the
practice, there is no need to consider this point any further given the
decision that I have reached on the High Court’s jurisdiction.

181 My second set of observations relates to the fact that patent
specifications will frequently comprise numerous claims.

182 The proprietor of a patent may only choose to assert some of the claims
granted in respect of the patent in suit. This is the distinction made between
the asserted and unasserted claims. It will be recalled that the learned AR
below held that where validity has been put in issue by way of a defence or in
connection with a claim for groundless threats of proceedings, it is only the
validity of the asserted claims that is properly before the court.

183 It will also be recalled that the Plaintiff amended its striking-out
application in respect of para 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim. The
Plaintiff accepted that where revocation proceedings have been properly
instituted before the Registrar, the whole patent (ie, all claims) can be put
in issue.

184 Where revocation proceedings are brought under s 80 of the Patents Act,
there is the possibility that a ground of invalidity will be found to only
invalidate the patent to a limited extent. In such cases, as mentioned above,
provisions such as s 80(5)(b) are important in that the Registrar is to
provide the patent proprietor with an opportunity to amend the specification
to the Registrar’s satisfaction in order to prevent the revocation of the
patent.

185 It is worth making the general point that the Patents Act requires that
the claims must be related (see s 25(5)(d) which provides that claims must
“relate to one invention or to a group of inventions which are so linked as to
form a single inventive concept”). Rule 25(1) of the Patents Rules titled
“Unity of invention” states that “where 2 or more inventions are claimed
(whether in separate claims or as alternatives within a single claim), such
inventions shall be treated as being so linked as to form a single inventive
concept only when there is a technical relationship among those inventions
involving one or more of the same or corresponding special technical
features”. “Special technical features” are defined in r 25(2) as meaning
“those technical features which define a contribution which each of the
claimed inventions, considered as a whole, makes over the prior art.”

186 The point rightly made by counsel in oral arguments and written
submissions is that each claim is independent and the validity of each claim
must be considered in its own right.

187 For example, just because the validity of a claim has been successfully
challenged or found wanting, it does not follow that the other claims must
also be wanting and invalid. Each claim must be assessed on its own and in
light of the patent as a whole. Further, just because the patent specification
does not disclose the invention set out in a particular claim clearly and
completely (such as to enable the person skilled in the art to perform the
claimed invention) does not mean that the same must be true of another claim
which relates to the same inventive concept but which is framed in terms which
sufficiently disclose the invention in the specification.

188 Indeed, even when a claim is invalid because it falls within the prior art
and lacks novelty, or is so close to the prior art that it lacks an inventive
step, this does not necessarily mean that another claim, perhaps framed in
narrower terms, will suffer the same fate. That claim, whilst it may relate to
the same inventive concept, might be framed in a sufficiently distinct manner
such as to take it out of or further away from the prior art. For example, the
invention as set out in another claim may include a different or extra integer
or includes certain parameters sufficient to take the claimed invention out of
the prior art.

189 Of course, not all additions or changes that are sufficient to avoid a
finding of anticipation will avoid a finding of obviousness (ie, lack of
inventive step). Novelty and inventive step are distinct requirements. A
slight change, perhaps to a single element, may or may not be sufficient to
support a finding of inventive step. Nonetheless, the closeness or proximity
of a claimed invention to the prior art will undoubtedly focus the mind even
more sharply on the question of obviousness.

190 The general observation is that care is needed whenever issues of
invalidity are raised whether in the court or before the Registrar. What are
the grounds of invalidity relied on and in respect of which patent claims and
in what type of proceedings? What is the question or matter in the proceedings
which requires an assessment of validity? This is the backdrop against which
the various statutory provisions in issue were construed in reaching my
decision on the original jurisdiction of the High Court to hear revocation
proceedings. This backdrop is important since revocation and validity issues
concern the patent as a whole, whereas validity issues by way of defence or
groundless threats of suit are limited to the asserted claims only – although,
of course, in some cases the patent owner may be asserting all the claims in
the infringement action.

Conclusion

191 For the foregoing reasons, the Plaintiff succeeds in the appeal.

192 I find that the High Court does not possess original jurisdiction under
the Patents Act to revoke a patent by way of a counterclaim in infringement
proceedings.

193 It also follows that the Defendants’ prayer for a declaration that the
patent as a whole is invalid, is too broad and must be limited to the asserted
claims the validity of which has been put in issue by way of the defence and
the counterclaim for groundless threats of suit.

194 I, therefore, make the following orders:

(a) Paragraph 16 of the Defence and Counterclaim shall be amended to read:

16\. The Defendants aver that claims 1, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10 and 11 of the Patent
has have always been invalid for the reasons set out in the Particulars of
Objection served herewith.

(b) Prayer 2 in the Defence and Counterclaim for “[a]n order that the Patent
be revoked” shall be struck out.

(c) Para 1 of the Particulars of Objection shall be amended to remove all
references to the invalidity of the unasserted claims and revocation.

(d) The Plaintiff is entitled to costs. Unless the parties reach an agreement,
I will hear the parties on costs.

195 In the light of my decision and the orders I have made together with the
decision below by the AR on the asserted claims in the context of the defence
of invalidity and the counterclaim for groundless threats of proceedings, the
Defendants may well consider what amendments (if any) are needed to the
Defence and Counterclaim so that the pleadings are consistent with the
decisions below and before me.

196 I acknowledge and thank learned counsel for their assistance on an
important and complex issue of jurisdiction under the Patents Act which has
not previously been raised or argued before the Singapore courts.

197 The decision will be of concern to all who are interested in Singapore’s
patent system and procedures and the public at large. Indeed, there is much to
be said for consideration anew, at the appropriate time, of the court’s
jurisdiction and the patent procedures in this regard by the relevant law
reform body and by Parliament.

George Wei  
Judge

Ravindran s/o Muthucumarasamy and Jevon Louis (Ravindran Associates) for the
plaintiff;  
Lau Kok Keng and Leow Jiamin (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

