Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 252

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2017

Between

Mia Mukles  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Appeal]

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap
354, 2009 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mia Mukles

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 252

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2017  
Steven Chong JA  
31 August 2017

13 October 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA:

Introduction

1 The Appellant, Mia Mukles, is a Bangladeshi who worked for Wee Seng Marine
and Engineering Pte Ltd (“Wee Seng”). At the material time, he was working on
a modular section of a hull under construction (“the Block”) at Keppel Fels
Shipyard (“the Shipyard”). He is appealing against his conviction on two
charges in the court below. The first charge was for making a fraudulent claim
for compensation under the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“WICA”), an offence under s 35(2)(f) and punishable under s 35(2)(iv) of the
WICA. The second charge was for making a false statement to an investigation
officer (“IO”) during the investigation in respect of his compensation claim,
which is an offence under s 35(2)(c) of the WICA.

2 It is not disputed that the Appellant submitted a claim for compensation
under the WICA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 239–240; Appellant’s written submissions at para 11;
Respondent’s written submissions at para 8.

It is also not disputed that he made a statement to the IO that he sustained
injury to his back when he fell while climbing up a ladder in the course of
his work on the Block. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 244; Appellant’s written submissions at para 11; Respondent’s
written submissions at para 8.

The only dispute in the court below and on appeal is whether the claim and
consequently the statement were false. The District Judge (“the Judge”) found
against the Appellant on both scores. The convictions therefore turn entirely
on one factual issue – is there any reasonable doubt that the Appellant fell
from the ladder thereby injuring his back while working on the Block on 17 May
2015?

3 The Judge convicted the Appellant of both charges and sentenced him to two
terms of imprisonment of six weeks and four weeks for the first and second
charges respectively and ordered both sentences to run concurrently. The Judge
preferred the evidence of the prosecution witnesses and found the Appellant’s
evidence to be “inconsistent, incoherent or incredible” (see the Grounds of
Decision (“the GD”) at [71]). In particular, the Judge accepted the eye
witness account of a fellow Bangladeshi worker who saw the Appellant walk up
to the ladder area and sit down before lying down on the floor (see the GD at
[41]–[45]). This is diametrically contrary to the Appellant’s claim that he
fell off a ladder while working on the Block.

4 For this appeal, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Anil Narain Balchandani,
raises many arguments to challenge the Judge’s findings. I find two of the
arguments particularly troubling not just because they were not raised during
the trial below but also because they allege serious impropriety against the
prosecution witnesses, their two employers, and the Shipyard without having
put these allegations to them and without any evidential foundation.

5 First, in his zeal to advance the Appellant’s best case, Mr Balchandani
alleges that the prosecution witnesses had colluded with each other to provide
false testimony to wrongly implicate the Appellant, an innocent man. His
submission went so far as to suggest that the collusion involved the Shipyard,
Wee Seng, and another sub-contractor, OUS Pte Ltd (“OUS”). Not only was this
collusion theory not formally put to the witnesses during the trial, there is
simply no evidential basis for such serious allegations to be made in the
first place. The second argument which troubles me concerns some videos and
photographs (Exhibits D3 to D8 – collectively, “the Exhibits”) which the IO
received from the Shipyard 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 341.

and which were brought to the attention of the Judge just before the close of
the Prosecution’s case. Their existence emerged in the course of the IO’s
cross-examination. The Prosecution explained that it was not relying on the
Exhibits as it took the position that the Exhibits were at best neutral to the
two charges. The Judge nevertheless gave the Appellant sufficient time to
consider the Exhibits and thereafter allowed him to recall several witnesses
following an interval of some four months. Despite Mr Balchandani’s submission
that the Exhibits, in particular the videos, were exculpatory of the
Appellant, the Judge found that the Exhibits did not assist the Appellant but
instead undermined the Appellant’s defence (see the GD at [83]). What is
especially disturbing is that for this appeal, without any factual or expert
evidence, Mr Balchandani maintains the same submission he made before the
court below that it is “plausible” that the videos had been tampered with or
at least edited by the Shipyard. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 432 (para 52); Appellant’s written submissions at para 168.

The very nature of such an allegation cries out for substantiation. Yet this
was not even put to any witness in the court below. Mr Balchandani claims on
appeal, as he did below, that he only realised the possibility of the videos
having been edited while he was preparing his closing submissions for the
trial. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 164–165, 168.

His belated personal assessment of the videos offers no excuse for his
misconceived pursuit of such a serious allegation without any independent
factual foundation.

6 While it is the duty of every counsel to put forward all available arguments
in the best interest of his client, it is equally important for counsel to
recognise his overarching duty as an officer of the court (see Public Trustee
and another v By Products Traders Pte Ltd and others [2005] 3 SLR(R) 449 at
[26] and [35]). The balancing of these twin duties requires counsel to make
submissions in a responsible manner. This is especially so if the submission
suggests either impropriety (such as evidence-tampering) or the commission of
a crime (which in this case would be perjury alleged against the prosecution
witnesses with the connivance of the Shipyard, Wee Seng, and OUS). In my view,
submissions of such gravity should never be made by counsel without any
legitimate evidential basis and without putting the serious charges to the
relevant witnesses to afford them an opportunity to respond. To do otherwise
would not only be reckless but would also be a breach of counsel’s ethical
duties.

7 I think it is timely to remind counsel of two important provisions in the
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S 706/2015) (“the PCR”),
namely rr 12(3) and 12(4) which bear on such conduct:

12.— …

(3) A legal practitioner must not, by asserting in a statement to a court or
tribunal, make any allegation against a witness whom the legal practitioner
cross-examined or was given an opportunity to cross-examine, unless the legal
practitioner has given the witness an opportunity to answer the allegation
during cross-examination.

(4) A legal practitioner must not suggest that a witness or any other person
is guilty of any offence or conduct, or attribute to a witness or any other
person any offence or conduct of which the legal practitioner’s client is
accused, unless the suggestion or attribution relates to a matter in issue
(including the credibility of the witness) which is material to the client’s
case and which appears to the legal practitioner to be supported by reasonable
grounds.

[emphasis added]

By failing to put serious allegations to the witnesses, counsel run the risk
of breaching these two provisions.

No reason to disturb the Judge’s assessment of the witnesses

8 It is common ground between the parties that an appellate court has a
limited scope of review over a trial judge’s findings of fact (Public
Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able [2008] 2 SLR(R) 61 at [91]) and an “extremely
heavy burden” is cast on an appellant to displace such findings of fact (Syed
Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir Alhadad v Public Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 352
at [57]). When a trial judge makes finding of fact based on the credibility of
witnesses whom he has had the opportunity to see and assess, an appellate
court will generally defer to the conclusion which the trial judge has formed
unless the appellate court is “convinced” that the trial judge’s decision was
wrong (Public Prosecutor v Poh Oh Sim [1990] 2 SLR(R) 408 at [8]). The
decision of the Judge was largely based on his assessment of the witnesses
whom he heard over a nine-day trial. His findings (which were painstakingly
set out in a 51-page GD) must be examined against the conspicuous absence of
any bruising or swelling to the Appellant’s back. Given the Appellant’s
description of the severity of the pain he endured, one would have expected
there to be bruising or swelling or some form of physical appearance of the
injury.

9 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the evidence, I find that
there is plainly no reason for me to disturb the Judge’s assessment of the
witnesses. I begin by examining the evidence of the prosecution witnesses,
specifically that of Md Safikul Islam (Safik) Md Sukkur Ali (“Safikul”), Ali
Hasmot (“Hasmot”), Ashek Abdul Hashem (“Ashek”), and Sujon Moniruzzaman
(“Sujon”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 197.

Eye witness account – Safikul

10 The most crucial witness was Safikul. He witnessed the Appellant feigning
the fall. Safikul testified that he saw the Appellant bend down and move
towards the ladder. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 210 (lines 20–22); ROP Vol 2 at p 222.

After that, the Appellant sat down, laid down on the floor next to the ladder
and then shouted that he had fallen from the ladder. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 211 (lines 7–13).

It follows from Safikul’s evidence that the Appellant did not fall while
climbing up the ladder. Safikul testified that he was observing the Appellant
because he was concerned that the Appellant might enter the area where lifting
operations were taking place under his supervision. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 210 (lines 23–25).

11 I note that Safikul was in close proximity to the Appellant throughout the
entire incident. He was only approximately three to four and a half metres
away from the Appellant. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 209 (lines 24–25), 222.

He had a clear line of vision to the Appellant as the Appellant walked to the
location of the ladder with his body bent, 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 210 (lines 26–29).

and subsequently sat and laid down on the floor. Referring to Exhibit D8, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 252.

Mr Balchandani argues that Safikul’s line of sight was obstructed by objects
and materials standing between Safikul’s position and the Appellant’s position
at the time of the incident. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 76.

In my view, Exhibit D8 does not assist the Appellant. On the contrary, it
confirms Safikul’s evidence that the Appellant had to bend down before he
could lie down on the ground next to the ladder, which was under the Block.
Exhibit D8 also shows that Safikul’s line of vision was not completely
blocked. The mere fact that there were other objects in his line of vision did
not prevent Safikul from observing the Appellant’s behaviour. There is no
reason for me to doubt the Judge’s assessment that Safikul was well able to
observe the Appellant’s movement towards the ladder and thereafter his lying
down next to it.

12 Next, in an attempt to challenge Safikul’s eye witness account, the
Appellant relies on Sujon’s testimony that he did not notice any lifting
operations or any person standing at Safikul’s position at the time of the
alleged incident. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 72.

However, the mere fact that Sujon did not notice the lifting operations does
not mean that the lifting operations did not take place. Sujon explained that
the reason he did not notice the lifting operations was because he was
“underneath … the [B]lock doing [his] work” whereas lifting works are normally
done outside the [B]lock. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 296 (lines 12–16).

Ashek’s testimony that he did not know of any person by the name of Safikul
also cannot possibly assist the Appellant. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 194 (lines 19–23).

That Ashek does not know Safikul is irrelevant to the inquiry as to whether
Safikul’s evidence is to be believed. After all, they worked for different
companies – Safikul worked for OUS while Ashek worked for Wee Seng. I should
add that the fact that Ashek did not know Safikul reinforces my finding that
Safikul had no reason to collude with Ashek and the other prosecution
witnesses to falsely implicate the Appellant (this is elaborated at [20]–[22]
below). Further, Safikul’s evidence was consistent throughout the trial. Even
after he was recalled and the videos were disclosed, his evidence remained
unshaken. He confirmed that his view of the ladder was not obstructed 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 38 (lines 22–24).

and that he saw the Appellant walk towards the ladder, before sitting and
lying down on the floor. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 70 (line 16).

The Appellant also sought to discredit Safikul’s testimony by comparing his
evidence with that of Hasmot’s. Safikul said that he saw the Appellant moving
his body from side to side on the floor while Hasmot stated that the Appellant
rolled his body twice over. However, Safikul did testify when he was recalled
that the Appellant “sat and he lied down, then he start to roll”. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 70 (line 16).

Such a minor inconsistent description of some bodily movement does not affect
Safikul’s clear evidence that he saw the Appellant sitting down before lying
down on the floor instead of falling off the ladder while climbing.

13 I will now turn to the evidence of the other prosecution witnesses, namely
Hasmot, Ashek, and Sujon.

Hasmot, Ashek, and Sujon

14 The Appellant is correct in stating that neither Hasmot, Ashek, nor Sujon
witnessed what Safikul saw (ie, the Appellant walking towards the ladder,
bending down, and lying on the floor). Nonetheless, their evidence is relevant
to the pivotal question of whether the Appellant had any reason to climb up
the ladder to the second level of the Block. This, together with their
observations of the Appellant’s behaviour and reaction after the alleged fall,
supports the Judge’s finding that the Appellant did not fall while climbing up
the ladder at the material time.

Was the Appellant instructed to do any work on the second level?

15 While the questions of whether the Appellant had any reason to climb up the
ladder and whether he did in fact climb up the ladder are strictly separate
inquiries, it is, nonetheless, crucial to understand the context under which
the fall allegedly occurred, as recounted by the Appellant. It is the
Appellant’s own evidence that he was instructed by Hasmot to go up to the
second level to “cut the support”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 566 (lines 21–24).

However, in the Appellant’s online submission for his workplace injury claim
he stated that he was instructed by Ashek instead to do the grinding work on
the support … standing upon the staging ladder almost 2 [metres] [high]”. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 239.

Although the Appellant gave conflicting accounts as to who had instructed him
to go to the second level, it is clear that his case is that he did not use
the ladder to climb up on his own accord. On either account, his evidence was
that he was instructed to do so. Therefore, on the Appellant’s own case, the
two inquiries are inextricably connected. If he was not instructed by Hasmot
or Ashek to do any work on the second level as he claimed, it stands to reason
that the Appellant, by his own evidence, had no reason to use the ladder and
consequently did not fall while climbing up the ladder.

16 Ashek, who is the Appellant’s supervisor, testified that the Appellant had
no reason to use the ladder at the material time. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 158 (lines 26–27).

This was not challenged. According to Hasmot, the Appellant had complained
that he was suffering from a stomach ache and a headache. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 23 (lines 22–27), 26 (lines 13–16).

It was Hasmot’s evidence that he told the Appellant to “take [a] rest” 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 52 (lines 10–11), 54 (lines 1–5).

and that he did not need to work. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 66 (lines 6–8).

He added that there was no urgency to finish the work as they were not on a
tight schedule. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 55 (lines 3–5).

There is also no dispute that Hasmot did contact Ashek, his supervisor, to get
a replacement for the Appellant after the latter claimed that he was not
feeling well. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 23 (lines 22–27), 151 (lines 2–6).

It was during this call that the Appellant allegedly climbed the ladder to
undertake some work on the second floor and thereafter allegedly fell from the
ladder. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 24 (lines 8–13); 26 (lines 22–27).

However, it was never put to Hasmot that he had specifically instructed the
Appellant to go to the second level to do some work, whether it was cutting or
grinding or even both. Instead, all that was put to Hasmot was that he had
told the Appellant to continue working and “so he went and climbed to level
2”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 66 (lines 16–17).

The distinction between the two is quite material because it was the
Appellant’s own evidence that Hasmot had specifically instructed him to go to
the second level to “cut the support”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 566 (lines 21–24).

Further, during the hearing of the appeal, Mr Balchandani submitted that
Hasmot had lied in that he only contacted Ashek and requested for a
replacement after the Appellant had fallen from the ladder. However, when
probed, he conceded that this was never put to Hasmot in cross-examination.
Leaving aside for the moment the Appellant’s conflicting evidence as to the
nature of work he was tasked to do on the second level, I agree with the
Prosecution and, in particular, the Judge’s finding that there was no reason
for the Appellant, “in his ‘stricken’ condition”, to do any work on the second
level of the Block at the time of the incident (see the GD at [32]). Not only
was the Appellant allegedly unwell, Hasmot had specifically told him that he
had “no need to work” as Hasmot was already calling for a replacement for him.
31

##### Foot Note 31

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 66 (lines 6–8).

The Appellant did not dispute the fact that Hasmot had made these statements
to him and I see no reason to disbelieve Hasmot’s evidence.

17 Another important point to note is the fact that the Appellant was barely a
metre from Hasmot at the time of the incident. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 28 (lines 5–15).

It would be too much of a coincidence that the Appellant would use the ladder
to climb to the second level to do work which he was not instructed to do at
the precise moment when Hasmot had his back turned away from the Appellant
while calling Ashek for the replacement worker. It is therefore difficult to
imagine how Hasmot would not have noticed the Appellant climbing and falling
from the ladder if that had actually happened.

18 The prosecution witnesses’ observations of the Appellant’s behaviour and
reaction after the alleged fall also support the Judge’s finding that the
Appellant did not fall while climbing up the ladder. According to Hasmot, when
the Appellant was on the floor, he complained to Hasmot that he had “more
stomach and headache”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 28 (lines 1–4), 56 (lines 6–8).

Ashek also consistently testified that when he saw the Appellant, he was
rubbing “both hands on his stomach”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 151 (lines 7–15), 157 (lines 4–6), 173 (lines 14–15), 181
(lines 7–13).

In fact, on seeing the Appellant in this condition, he thought that he was
suffering from stomach pain. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 157 (lines 4–6), 181 (lines 1–2).

What is particularly telling is that Ashek did not see the Appellant holding
onto his back at any time. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 173 (lines 16–17).

Likewise, Sujon testified that when he arrived at the scene of the alleged
accident, he saw the Appellant rubbing his stomach. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 251 (line 1).

All these unchallenged observations are entirely inconsistent with the
Appellant’s claim that he injured his back as a result of his alleged fall.

19 It is futile for the Appellant to identify inconsistencies in the evidence
of the prosecution witnesses where they have no bearing to the relevant issues
before the court. The Appellant identifies inconsistencies such as (a) when
lunch break was held; (b) whom they had lunch with; 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 115.

(c) who was the first to attend to the Appellant, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 117.

(d) whether Ashek had poured water on the Appellant’s head; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 118.

and (e) who had helped the Appellant to the Shipyard clinic. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 120.

In my view, these trivial discrepancies are not material to the relevant
inquiry as to whether the Appellant had any reason to use the ladder and
whether he fell from the ladder in the process. Given Hasmot’s evidence that
he had told the Appellant to rest, coupled with the Appellant’s failure to put
to Hasmot that he had specifically instructed the Appellant to go to the
second level to do work, it is simply not open to the Appellant to challenge
the Judge’s finding that he did not fall while climbing up the ladder. He had
no reason to go up to the second level to begin with.

Collusion – a baseless submission

20 It is unacceptable for the Appellant to rely on these irrelevant
inconsistencies to make the astonishing submission that such inconsistencies
arose because the prosecution witnesses were “told generally to state that the
Appellant feigned the accident but the details as to how he feigned the
accident were lost in translation”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 119.

In essence, the Appellant’s case is that Hasmot, Ashek, Sujon and Safikul had
colluded to provide false testimonies to incriminate an innocent man but
somehow the collusion was carried out incompetently. The Appellant expressly
submits: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 64.

… that the witnesses had colluded or rehearsed some part of their
testimon[ies] to promote a larger objective. The larger objective is to accuse
the Appellant of fabricating the incident so that the Shipyard would not have
to answer to the Ministry of Manpower. [emphasis added]

21 I agree with the Prosecution that there is no evidence for this incredible
claim. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Respondent’s written submissions at para 19.

In my view, there is no conceivable motive for any of the prosecution
witnesses to have colluded against the Appellant. Quite apart from the
undeniable fact that it was never put to any of them that they had colluded
with one another to concoct false evidence against the Appellant, it bears
mention that all of them, save for Safikul, were identified by the Appellant
as his witnesses whom the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) could inquire with in
order to verify his compensation claim. The significance of the Appellant’s
choice lies in the fact that the Appellant obviously regarded them as
witnesses who would speak the truth should they be approached by MOM to assist
in processing his claim. This makes the failure to put the collusion
allegation to them all the more egregious. While it was suggested to Hasmot
and Safikul that they had lied in relation to certain aspects of their
evidence (for example, that the Appellant was suffering from a headache and
stomach ache, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 67 (lines 8–17).

that the Appellant rolled one metre away, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 67 (lines 24–26).

and in respect of Safikul’s position at the time of the incident 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 58 (line 10) – 59 (line 13).

), it is entirely different to suggest that they had colluded with each other
to falsely incriminate the Appellant. Inherent in any collusion is an
agreement among witnesses to provide false evidence in a co-ordinated manner.
What is even more unacceptable is Mr Balchandani’s submission that “it cannot
be a very distant thought to form a nexus between [Wee Seng] and [the
Shipyard], and OUS and [the Shipyard] to arrive at a conclusion that [the
Shipyard] likely orchestrated a story to benefit [Wee Seng]” [emphasis added].
48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 60.

This is a shocking submission in blatant breach of the rule in Browne v Dunn
(1893) 6 R 67 and possibly rr 12(3) and (4) of the PCR.

22 There is also no reason for Safikul to have falsified his evidence against
the Appellant. Safikul worked for OUS, a different company from that of the
Appellant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 197 (lines 29–32).

There is no evidence that Safikul had anything to gain from testifying against
the Appellant or bore any ill will towards him. It is improper for Mr
Balchandani to submit that Safikul “was beholden to [OUS] and was told to
state certain facts in a manner that represented the overall story that [the
Shipyard] wished to portray to the IO: that an accident did not happen and
that the Appellant feigned the entire incident”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 62.

It is improper because Mr Balchandani effectively accused Safikul of perjury
at the instigation of the Shipyard when it was never even put to Safikul. It
is also unacceptable for Mr Balchandani to launch a scurrilous attack to
unfairly impugn the reputation of three companies, namely the Shipyard, Wee
Seng, and OUS.

The Appellant’s evidence

23 Unlike the inconsequential discrepancies in relation to the prosecution
witnesses’ evidence, the discrepancies in the Appellant’s evidence were
significant as they directly concerned the circumstances of the alleged fall.
The discrepancies in the Appellant’s evidence relate to (a) his reasons for
climbing the ladder; (b) whether he was wearing a helmet at the time of the
incident; (c) whether he was unconscious immediately following his fall; and
(d) whether he was carried from the in-house hospital to the lorry.

24 The Judge found that the Appellant gave inconsistent explanations as to why
he had to use the ladder to get up to the second level of the Block. For the
appeal, Mr Balchandani devotes much effort to explain that the Appellant’s
evidence in this regard was not in fact inconsistent. According to Mr
Balchandani, there was apparently some confusion in the Appellant’s evidence
as to whether cutting and grinding were separate tasks when in truth they
meant the same thing. He submits that the Judge failed to take into account
the Appellant’s clarifications in re-examination.

25 The Appellant initially testified that he had to do “pipe support work”. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 468 (lines 1–2).

Later, he testified that he went up to the second level to “cut a support”. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 472 (lines 1–5).

This differed from his online form to MOM 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 239.

and earlier statement to MOM where he claimed that he was to do grinding work.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 244.

He then tried to equate cutting with grinding despite explaining that grinding
was for the purpose of smoothening the surface. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 568 (lines 7–18).

The Appellant argues that cutting requires using a different edge of the disc
of the grinding machine 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 34.

but this does not change the fact that his testimony was inconsistent in
respect of the type of work he was engaged in. However, in his re-examination,
the Appellant, in response to Mr Balchandani’s question as to whether cutting
and grinding in the industry mean the same thing, answered in the affirmative.
57

##### Foot Note 57

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 646 (lines 5–9).

26 In my view, it is a wholly misdirected exercise to seek to reconcile the
different explanations provided by the Appellant as to the work he was tasked
to do on the second level before he allegedly fell. Even if I am prepared to
give the Appellant the benefit of the doubt that he might have provided
inconsistent answers about the task he was asked to do on the second level
because he did not fully understand the questions asked of him in cross-
examination, it is important not to lose sight of the real significance of
this line of questioning. Its significance lies in establishing whether the
Appellant had any reason to use the ladder in the first place. It should not
be overlooked that the Appellant was assisting Hasmot with his work that day.
It is the Appellant’s own evidence that he was instructed by Hasmot to go up
to the second level to “cut the support”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 566 (lines 21–24).

However, it was never put to Hasmot that he had specifically instructed the
Appellant to do any work on the second level of the Block. This was a
significant omission considering Hasmot’s evidence that he had told the
Appellant to rest as he was calling for a replacement worker. In other words,
Hasmot, whom the Appellant was assisting, did not task the Appellant to do any
work on the second level.

27 Second, the Appellant gave vacillating accounts as to whether he was
wearing a helmet when he hit the ground. Initially, he could not remember if
the helmet was on his head because he claimed to have lost his “memory” and
consciousness when he hit the ground. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 572 (lines 31–32), 573 (lines 5–16).

Subsequently, when the Appellant was asked to provide an explanation as to why
he did not suffer from a head injury, he then changed his explanation that
this was because he was wearing his helmet when he hit the ground. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 609 (line 25) – 610 (line 12).

When questioned further as to whether his helmet was on his head when he hit
the ground, he said that after he fell down, he “cannot say anything”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 610 (lines 28–32).

I accept that there might be some doubt as to whether the Appellant was
wearing a helmet when he was observed to be walking to the ladder area. In
this respect, I note that Safikul testified that he saw the Appellant wearing
a helmet as he walked towards the ladder (not when he was found lying on the
ground) 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 222 (lines 12–13); ROP Vol 2 at p 46 (lines 6–11).

while the objective evidence suggests otherwise. In Exhibit D3, one of the
persons in the Appellant’s vicinity when he was on the ground can be heard
repeatedly asking the Appellant, “where is your helmet?” Further, Exhibits D4
and D7 show the Appellant’s position on the ground after the fall but no
helmet could be seen in the vicinity. However, the materiality of the
Appellant’s conflicting accounts lies in the reason for his vacillations and
not the factual inquiry per se as to whether he was in fact wearing a helmet.
It appears to me that he changed his evidence in order to reconcile the fact
that he did not sustain any head injury notwithstanding that his head
allegedly hit the ground causing him to lose consciousness momentarily.

28 Third, although the Appellant claims that he was unconscious immediately
following his fall, this is not supported by any objective evidence. It is not
disputed that no one saw the Appellant in an unconscious state. What I find
interesting is the Appellant’s claim that someone must have removed his helmet
when he was on the floor in order to pour water on his head. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 574 (lines 14–15).

He said he saw Hasmot pouring water on his head while he was lying on the
ground and that Sujon also told him that he did the same. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 621 (line 32) – 622 (line 13).

This was confirmed by Hasmot and Sujon. In fact, Sujon testified under cross-
examination that he poured the water at the Appellant’s request because he
claimed to be suffering from a headache and not because they found him in an
unconscious state. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 58 (line 29) – 59 (line 14), 249 (lines 10–13), 251 (lines
1–5).

Both Hasmot’s and Sujon’s evidence was unchallenged. That water was poured at
the request of the Appellant because he had complained of a headache is
neither consistent with the Appellant’s alleged back injury nor a reaction
from an unconscious person.

29 Fourth, even though Mr Balchandani (presumably on the Appellant’s
instructions) had put it to Ashek that he and a few others carried the
Appellant from the hospital or from the clinic to the lorry, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 185 (lines 12–13).

this was refuted by the Appellant himself who said that his friends had merely
helped him to walk 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 627 (lines 18–23).

and that he climbed onto the lorry on his own. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 628 (lines 1–3).

The video in Exhibit D6 likewise shows the Appellant walking unassisted
towards the lorry and climbing up the lorry with its tailgate still up.

30 In the circumstances, there is no reason to disturb the Judge’s finding
that the Appellant’s evidence was indeed “inconsistent, incoherent or
incredible” (see the GD at [71]). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 175.

In any event, his evidence did not undermine the Prosecution’s evidence.

The medical evidence

31 I turn now to the medical evidence before the court. In examining the
medical evidence, it is important to bear in mind the Appellant’s claims that
he lost consciousness after the fall and that the pain due to his back injury
was at the maximum level of 10 even after he was administered two pain killer
injections. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 495 (lines 26–30).

Therefore, if the Appellant’s evidence is to be believed, the fall and the
consequent injury must have been quite severe. However, does the medical
evidence bear out the severe back injury claimed by the Appellant?

32 The convictions against the Appellant are premised on the falsity of his
claim that he fell while climbing up a ladder to do some work on the second
level and thereby sustained injury to his back. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 4–5.

Hence, the question is whether the medical evidence before the court has
raised any reasonable doubt that the Appellant falsely claimed that he fell
from the ladder and suffered a back injury as a result, and not whether the
Appellant suffered any back strain or contusion per se. Pertinently, even if
it is accepted that the Appellant was suffering from some back injury, the
court must ask whether the evidence has established that the back injury was
actually caused by the fall. In this regard, the medical evidence must
necessarily be assessed with reference to the Appellant’s evidence of the
nature of his fall and the extent of his injury. It is also critical to
examine the medical evidence with reference to the evidence of the prosecution
witnesses, namely Safikul, Hasmot, Ashek, and Sujon, whose evidence is in
itself sufficient to convict the Appellant of the two charges.

33 The evidence of Dr Benjamin Ding and Dr Thomas Catabas on the whole does
not raise any reasonable doubt. Dr Ding examined the Appellant on the day of
the alleged fall while Dr Catabas reviewed the Appellant a week later on 25
May 2015.

34 Dr Ding’s diagnosis that the Appellant suffered from lower back contusion
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 259 (line 32).

was premised on the Appellant’s oral history, his physical examination of the
Appellant, as well as a CT scan. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 258 (lines 20–24), 260 (lines 11–16).

He explained that his physical examination involved an observation of the
Appellant’s posture and by palpation, ie, feeling the location of the pain
indicated by the Appellant. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 258 (lines 20–29).

He observed that the Appellant was “not in too severe pain” and was able to
walk. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 260 (lines 2–5).

According to Dr Ding, the CT scan showed evidence of “mild disc disease”. When
he was asked what “mild disc disease” meant, Dr Ding opined that the best
person to comment would be the radiologist on duty that day. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 259 (lines 13–28).

Nonetheless, he testified that the CT scan disclosed no fracture or
dislocation. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 260 (lines 2–5).

35 Dr Catabas’ diagnosis was that of a “back strain”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 93 (lines 13–14).

At trial, he explained that his diagnosis was based on the account or history
provided by the Appellant, his physical examination of the Appellant, as well
as an X-ray investigation. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 93 (lines 19–29).

He noted that the X-ray results were unremarkable, meaning that there were no
significant findings and no fracture detected. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 102 (lines 5–8).

Although Dr Catabas’ “main source” of information leading to his diagnosis was
the Appellant’s own account, he explained that the Appellant’s account must go
“hand in hand” or correlate with the physical examination. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 99 (lines 22–26).

From his physical examination, he noted there was “no bruising, no swelling,
no tenderness, no steps felt”. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 100 (lines 25–28).

When asked how such physical examination results could be consistent with the
diagnosis of a back strain, Dr Catabas explained that the diagnosis was “from
what the patient complained of” and that “back strain is one of the …
diagnos[es] that [he] usually use[d] for patients who come in with the
complaints of back pain although the physical examination itself is
unremarkable”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 101 (lines 9–16).

36 I agree with the Prosecution that there is no objective evidence to support
the Appellant’s case that he suffered from any back injury as a result of
falling from the ladder. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Respondent’s written submissions at para 24.

The Appellant claims that he lost consciousness after the fall and experienced
pain at the maximum level of 10. However, the evidence shows that there was no
bruising or swelling and that the X-rays and CT scans were unremarkable and
did not reveal any fresh injury. In my view, such severe pain is entirely
inconsistent with the complete lack of objective evidence such as bruising,
swelling, or tenderness. Mr Balchandani relies on the two pain killer
injections given to the Appellant at the Shipyard’s clinic before he boarded
the lorry in his effort to explain why the Appellant was able to board the
lorry without assistance. However, as the Judge noted at [55] of the GD, the
Appellant claimed that the pain was still at the maximum level of “10” even
after the injections.

37 Further, having reviewed the video evidence, I find that the videos are
entirely inconsistent with the fall as described by the Appellant. For
instance, immediately after the alleged fall, he was found on the floor
rubbing his stomach. He did not indicate to Hasmot, the first person who
attended to him, that his back was injured. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 56 (lines 3–8), 58 (lines 15–31), 59 (lines 12–19).

Also, the Appellant was able to walk and climb onto the lorry without
assistance. Mr Balchandani submits that the Appellant climbed up the lorry
unassisted because he was ordered to do so. That submission misses the point.
If the injury was so severe (based on the Appellant’s claim that he lost
consciousness and experienced the maximum pain level of “10” even after the
two injections), 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 495 (lines 29–30).

in all likelihood, it would not have been possible for the Appellant to climb
onto the lorry without assistance even if he had been told to do so.

38 While the doctors opined under cross-examination (upon being recalled as
witnesses) that it was “possible” or that it would “appear to be” the case
that the Appellant’s back injury was consistent with him having fallen from
the ladder, it is important to refrain from quoting their evidence out of
context. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 23 (lines 5–10), 30 (lines 27–30).

Quite often, a witness’ answer depends on how the question is framed. Hence,
it is always essential to analyse the evidence on the whole and in its proper
context. When Dr Ding was asked why he thought the Appellant’s back injury was
most likely consistent with the alleged fall, he explained “[b]ecause I mean
from the history it says that he fell from the ladder and landed on his back
and there is a ladder and then he’s shown on his back in the video” [emphasis
added]. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ROP Vol 2 p 31 (lines 8–9).

From my assessment of their evidence as a whole, it is clear that their
diagnoses of possible back injury were based on the Appellant’s account of the
alleged incident together with the Appellant’s indication of the location of
the pain. What is noteworthy is that none of the doctors testified that they
would have arrived at their diagnoses or concluded that the Appellant’s back
injury was due to a fall from a ladder without the Appellant’s oral history.
Dr Catabas testified that looking at the videos alone, without the history
from the patient, he would not be able to make his diagnosis. He stated
clearly that he would “still need the history from the patient”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 15 (line 25) – 16 (line 13).

Likewise, Dr Ding testified that without the history, it would “not [be]
possible to determine the cause” and it would be “hard to be certain of a
fixed diagnosis”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 261 (lines 21–23).

Further, although both doctors testified that there were many possible causes
for the back injury, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 94 (lines 16–20), 284 (lines 5–8).

neither of them was able to state affirmatively that the back injury (assuming
that it did exist) was linked to the Appellant’s fall from the ladder. In my
view, contrary to the Appellant’s written submissions, the medical evidence
does not raise any reasonable doubt that the Appellant falsely claimed that
the back injury was caused by the alleged fall.

Exhibits D3 to D8 and the Kadar disclosure principles

39 The Appellant also takes issue with the time at which the Prosecution
disclosed the Exhibits. The Appellant argues that the Prosecution had breached
its duties of disclosure as set out in Muhammad bin Kadar and another v Public
Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 1205 (“Kadar”) and that the late disclosure meant that
his counsel could not appreciate during the trial that the videos had been
edited or tampered with in order to present a “sanitized version of the
events” that was disadvantageous to the Appellant. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 168.

40 The circumstances under which the Exhibits were introduced in court are
relevant. While the IO was being cross-examined on his investigation process
on 12 October 2016, he stated that he was informed in a call with the Shipyard
that the Shipyard denied that the accident was work-related. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 339 (line 30–32) – 340 (lines 1–4 and 26–28).

The IO requested for an explanation from the Shipyard to support its position.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 340 (lines 2–7).

In response, the Shipyard sent an email and transmitted the Exhibits online.
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 341 (lines 12–32).

The Prosecution explained that the videos were not disclosed earlier because
they were regarded as neutral evidence concerning “the aftermath of the
incident”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 343 (lines 11–12).

Nonetheless, the Prosecution stated that it was intending to offer the
Exhibits to the Appellant at the close of the Prosecution’s case. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 343 (lines 8–13).

The Judge directed the Prosecution to provide them to the Appellant
immediately and not at the end of the Prosecution’s case. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 346 (lines 1–5).

The Judge also gave the Appellant the option of either continuing with the
cross-examination of the IO or reviewing the Exhibits first. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 347 (line 28) – 348 (line 19).

Mr Balchandani elected to carry on with his cross-examination on aspects that
did not involve the Exhibits. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 348 (lines 13–15).

The matter was then stood down to give Mr Balchandani more time to review the
Exhibits. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 368.

When the hearing resumed, Mr Balchandani applied to admit the Exhibits as
Defence exhibits. The Prosecution did not object to their admission 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 369 (lines 19–20).

even though the maker(s) of the Exhibits remained unknown.

Kadar disclosure principles

41 In the court below, the Appellant submitted that the Prosecution had
contravened the principles in Kadar. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 414 (lines 7–12).

In response, the Prosecution maintained that the Exhibits did not have to be
disclosed at the start of the trial because they were neutral evidence. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

ROP Vol 1 at pp 415 (lines 4–21), 539 (lines 17–22).

In its closing submissions, the Prosecution went further, submitting that the
Exhibits were actually detrimental to the Defence. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 486 (para 4(d)).

42 In Kadar, the statements by the deceased’s husband, Mr Loh, had to be
disclosed by the Prosecution because they were credible and relevant to the
guilt or innocence of the accused persons (see Kadar at [202]). At trial, two
brothers were convicted of murder on the basis that both were present in the
deceased’s flat although the trial judge was unable to conclude which of them
actually murdered the deceased (see Kadar at [35(f)]). Mr Loh’s evidence was
there was only one person other than himself and the deceased in the
deceased’s flat throughout the incident. His statements consistently stated
that there was only one intruder present in the flat (see Kadar at [5]). His
evidence could therefore exculpate at least one of the two brothers.

43 In the present case, however, the Exhibits cannot by any stretch be
exculpatory of the Appellant. I agree with the Judge and the Prosecution that
they certainly do not strengthen the Appellant’s case, and in fact undermine
his defence (see the GD at [83]). 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Respondent’s written submissions at para 37.

The Appellant submits the videos are exculpatory because they show him limping
and show that assistance was not forthcoming even though he was in need of
support. He claims that the Exhibits show that he had to climb up the lorry
unassisted because he was forced to help himself. The Appellant also submits
that the photographs were exculpatory because they evidence several things:
(a) his proximity to the ladder during the incident; (b) his inability to roll
either side as he was confined between the ladder and certain objects on the
left; (c) that Safikul’s line of sight had been obstructed; and (d) that there
was a pool of water near his head, consistent with his testimony that he had
had his helmet removed so that water could be poured on his head. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Appellant’s written submissions at paras 172–173.

However, in my view, the videos are not exculpatory. To begin with, they do
not record the alleged fall. Instead, what they show is that the Appellant
could walk to and climb onto a lorry unassisted. In the final analysis, I
agree with the Prosecution that the Exhibits are at best neutral, and at
worst, corroborative of the Prosecution’s case that the Appellant was feigning
his injury. Such evidence does not need to be disclosed pursuant to Kadar.

Tampering/Editing of videos – another baseless submission

44 In closing submissions before the court below, Mr Balchandani alleged that
the Appellant was prejudiced by the Prosecution’s late disclosure of the
Exhibits because he was prevented from discovering in time that the videos
could have been edited. Mr Balchandani claimed in written closing submissions
that it was only at the stage of preparing his closing submissions that he was
able to appreciate that the videos could have been “edited to … minimise the
extent that the [Appellant] suffered trauma to his back” [emphasis in
original]. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 432 (para 52).

On appeal, Mr Balchandani maintains that he could not have substantiated the
allegation of tampering because he did not have the opportunity to analyse the
Exhibits due to the late disclosure. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 165.

Without attempting any substantiation, he submits on appeal that “the videos
were edited to an extent to show a sanitized version of events” [emphasis
added]. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para168.

Before dealing with this submission, it should be borne in mind that it was
the Appellant who opted to admit the Exhibits as the Appellant’s exhibits in
the court below. Hence, they were marked D3 to D8. The tampering allegation
was however never raised at the trial. Instead, it was only brought up for the
first time in the Appellant’s closing submissions after it became clear that
the Prosecution was relying on the Exhibits in its closing submissions to
undermine the Appellant’s evidence.

45 I find it extremely disturbing for Mr Balchandani to claim that the
possibility of the videos having been edited only became apparent to him
during the drafting of his closing submissions. Even if that were the case, he
made no further attempt or application to the Judge to recall any witness or
to offer new witnesses to make good his submission. Mr Balchandani also claims
that the Appellant’s application to recall Hasmot and Ashek was denied by the
Judge. This is strictly incorrect. While Mr Balchandani did initially apply
under s 230(1)(q) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) to
recall Hasmot, Ashek, Safikul, Sujon and “at the very least” Dr Ding prior to
the close of the Prosecution’s case, 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 411 (lines 4–13).

the Judge informed him that the proper time to make the application was after
the defence was called. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 418 (lines 5–14).

Nevertheless, the Judge allowed the Appellant’s application to recall the
witnesses but directed Mr Balchandani to formally apply at “the appropriate
time”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 420 (lines 28–31).

Eventually, after the Appellant had completed his testimony, Mr Balchandani
made a specific application to recall only the two doctors and Safikul. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 524 (lines 28–30).

The Judge allowed the application despite the Prosecution’s objections. Thus,
it would appear that it was Mr Balchandani who decided not to recall Hasmot,
Ashek, or any other witness; it is therefore disingenuous and unfair to
criticise the Judge for failing to recall them on his own motion. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Appellant’s written submissions at para 109.

46 The suggestion that the late disclosure was done to ambush the Appellant is
also a non-starter. The witnesses were recalled on 2 February 2017, after a
period of almost four months following the disclosure of the Exhibits on 12
October 2016. It is clear that the Appellant had more than enough time to
consider the steps that he wished to take, including recalling more witnesses
or applying to admit expert evidence to demonstrate that the videos had been
tampered with. In fact, counsel for the Appellant indicated on 13 October 2016
that he needed time to find expert witnesses to deal with the contents of the
Exhibits. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

ROP Vol 1 at p 439 (lines 22–29).

However, he eventually did not offer any expert witness.

47 In the circumstances, it is reckless for Mr Balchandani to suggest that the
videos had been tampered with when there is simply no evidential basis
whatsoever to support such a speculative suggestion. Although this is a very
serious allegation, it was never put to any witness. Further, although the
Appellant was given the option of recalling witnesses, he chose not to recall
the IO. This is significant because the IO was the witness who received the
videos from the Shipyard and was therefore the person who could possibly
explain the provenance of the videos. If Mr Balchandani wanted to pursue the
tampering allegation, he should have at least recalled the IO to initiate the
train of inquiry. Having elected not to do so, any suggestion of the videos
having been tampered with is plainly baseless.

48 The Kadar duty of disclosure is not some poison pill. Not all breaches of
this duty would cause a conviction to be overturned (see Kadar at [120]).
There must be material irregularity that occasions a failure of justice (ie,
the conviction must be rendered unsafe as a result of the late disclosure or
non-disclosure). The court also stated at [121] that where disclosure is made
after the commencement of the trial, the court may grant an adjournment of
sufficient duration to allow defence counsel time to consider the effect of
the disclosed material and to incorporate it into their case if necessary.
Here, this was clearly done. As explained, the Judge ensured that the
Appellant had sufficient time to examine the Exhibits and to make the
necessary application(s) to recall witnesses or to take whatever further steps
necessary (almost four months later) to address them.

Conclusion

49 For these reasons, I find that the Judge was correct in finding that the
two charges have been made out. There is also no reason to disturb the
sentences imposed by the Judge. They are not manifestly excessive and are in
line with the relevant precedents. Accordingly, this appeal is dismissed.

Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal

Anil Narain Balchandani and Mato Kotwani (IRB Law LLP) for the appellant;  
Crystal Tan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

