Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 37

Criminal Appeal No 16 of 2015

Between

NG KEAN MENG TERENCE  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Benchmark sentences]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ng Kean Meng Terence

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 37

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 16 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
7 July; 24 October 2016

12 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 For the last ten years, courts in Singapore have, for the most part,
sentenced rape offenders in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the
High Court in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“PP v NF”). Under
the framework expounded therein (which we shall refer to as the “NF
Framework”), cases are divided into four broad categories of differing levels
of seriousness, each of which attracts a different benchmark sentence. This
was an approach which was first articulated by the English Court of Appeal in
Regina v Billam and others [1986] 1 WLR 349 (“Billam”) and later revised by
the same court in Regina v Millberry and other appeals [2003] 1 WLR 546
(“Millberry”). In his judgment in PP v NF, V K Rajah J (as he then was)
explained that the English approach “of classifying rape offences into various
broad categories [and assigning a benchmark sentence to each category] is both
helpful and useful and may be broadly adopted and employed with appropriate
adaptation” (at [23]).

2 By and large, the introduction of the NF Framework has brought a measure of
consistency in the sentences imposed in rape offences. This can be seen in the
very thorough analysis of the decided cases set out in the Prosecution’s
submissions. That said, it has been ten years since the framework was first
propounded and the present appeal has provided an opportunity for us to review
it, if for no reason other than to ensure that it is still valid in light of
subsequent developments in the law. This will also give us an opportunity to
address several recurrent problems – many of which are raised in this appeal
–in relation to the application of the NF Framework. These include the
complaint that the four categories do not adequately cover the full range of
circumstances under which the offence of rape could arise, thus leading to a
clustering of sentencing outcomes as well as the perception that the NF
Framework does not provide adequate guidance in cases of statutory rape.

3 At the first hearing of this appeal, we notified counsel of our intention to
undertake a review of the sentencing framework for the offence of rape and
invited further submissions on whether, and if so, how, the NF Framework
should be revised. Additionally, we also invited Mr Rajaram Vikram Raja (“Mr
Rajaram”) to act as amicus curiae to assist the court. We observe from the
outset that while all parties agreed that reform was due, they disagreed as to
the direction that the change should take. As will be clear in the course of
our judgment, the approach we eventually decided on was informed by, but does
not precisely resemble, the approaches urged upon us by the parties.

4 This judgment will be divided into three parts. The first part will discuss
the law and the sentencing practice of the courts at the present moment. We
will outline the problems with the NF Framework and set out the case for
reform. The second part sets out the revised approach which will replace the
NF Framework (“Revised Framework”). We will explain the considerations that we
took into account in the design of the Revised Framework and will elaborate
how we envisage it will apply in practice, using illustrative examples drawn
from previously decided cases. The final part of the judgment will address the
appeal brought by the Appellant against the sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane imposed on him for the count of statutory rape
under s 375(1)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”)
which he pleaded guilty to. We will apply the Revised Framework to the case at
hand and consider whether the sentence imposed by the Judge is, as argued by
the Appellant, manifestly excessive.

The PP v NF Framework and its problems

5 In order to properly understand the NF Framework, it is necessary to go back
to the earlier decision of this court in Chia Kim Heng Frederick v Public
Prosecutor [1992] 1 SLR(R) 63 (“Frederick Chia”). After a review of the
sentencing practice in the United Kingdom, Malaysia, and Singapore at the
time, this court held that “for a rape committed without any aggravating or
mitigating factors, a figure of ten years’ imprisonment should be taken as the
starting point in a contested case, in addition to caning” (at [20]). Yong
Pung How CJ (who delivered the judgment of the court in that case) also added
that:

… The court should then consider in turn the mitigating factors which merit a
reduction of the sentence, of which a guilty plea which saves the victim from
further embarrassment and suffering will be an important consideration and
will merit a reduction of one-quarter to one-third of the sentence; and
whether there were other factors such as the victim’s youth or the accused
person’s position of responsibility and trust towards her, or perversions or
gross indignities have been forced on the victim, which justify a longer
sentence.

6 At this point, we pause to note that when Yong CJ used the expression
“starting point”, we think what he had in mind was a benchmark sentence that
was broadly appropriate for the offence of rape in general, absent
consideration of any aggravating or mitigating factors (eg, a plea of guilt).
This approach – of beginning with a single benchmark sentence and then
considering whether the benchmark sentence should be reduced or enhanced based
on a consideration of the aggravating and mitigating factors in the case – was
described in a later decision of this court as the “conventional approach”
towards sentencing (see Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“PP v UI”)
at [22]).

The decision in PP v NF

7 The approach in Frederick Chia held sway for 13 years, until the decision in
PP v NF. The facts of the latter case were these. The offender was the father
of the victim. He returned home inebriated one day and raped the victim, who
was only 15 at the time. A few months later, the victim’s teacher found out
about what had happened and reported the matter to the police. The offender
surrendered himself to the police and was charged with rape under s 376(1) of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“1985 Penal Code”). After setting out
the facts, Rajah J observed that “a disturbing and distinct strand of cases
has emerged involving vulnerable victims, where the perpetrator is either the
parent of the victim, a close relative or a person occupying a position of
trust and authority” (at [18]). The sentencing practice in this area, he
noted, was “less consistent”. As a result, he embarked on a review of the
sentencing precedents for the offence of rape and proposed the NF Framework to
help trial courts to impose sentences for rapes which would have a greater
degree of consistency.

8 The four categories proposed by Rajah J, and the starting points applicable
to each, are as follows:

(a) “Category 1” rapes are those at the “lowest end of the spectrum” and
“feature no aggravating or mitigating circumstances” (see PP v NF at [20]).
The benchmark sentence is, following Frederick Chia, a term of 10 years’
imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

(b) “Category 2” rapes are those that feature any one of the seven specific
aggravating factors listed at [20] of PP v NF (“Category 2 aggravating
factors”). These include, among other things, the rape of a vulnerable victim
or rape committed by two or more offenders acting in concert. The “starting
point for category 2 rapes” is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane (at [36]).

(c) “Category 3” rapes are those which involve the rape of the same victim on
multiple occasions or the rape of multiple victims. The benchmark sentence is
the same as that for Category 2, namely, 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane. Rajah J explained that there was no need for a higher benchmark
sentence to be set for this category because the Prosecution would, in the
usual course of things, prefer multiple charges against the offender and the
sentencing court could order that two or more of the sentences imposed run
consecutively to reflect the overall gravity of the offending conduct (at
[37]).

(d) “Category 4” rapes are those in which the offender has “manifested
perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross personality disorder, and where
he is likely, if at large, to remain a danger to women for an indefinite time”
(at [21], citing Billam at 50–51). Rajah J noted that unlike in England, the
option of a life sentence for an offence of rape was not available in
Singapore. Thus, he considered that the benchmark sentence for Category 4
rapes ought to be the maximum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24
strokes of the cane.

9 Apart from the advantages of consistency and predictability, Rajah J held
that the promulgation of benchmark sentences would also serve the aim of
general deterrence, by informing would-be offenders of the likely punishment
facing them (at [39]). However, he stressed that the NF Framework “should
never be applied mechanically, without a proper and assiduous examination and
understanding of the factual matrix of the case” (at [43]). He explained that
the court ought always to have regard to the presence of any “further
mitigating or aggravating factors” [emphasis added] which might serve either
to enhance or reduce the appropriate sentence for an offender in accordance
with his legal and moral culpability (at [45]). The use of the word “further”
is deliberate, for it is clear that what Rajah J had in mind were factors
other than those which were already considered in his definition of the
categories. Examples of such further aggravating factors would include the
harm caused to the victim as well as the list of nine aggravating factors set
out in Millberry (eg, the use of a weapon, the causing of particularly serious
harm, or the use of a drug to overcome resistance from the victim): at [46]
and [55]. In closing, he reiterated that the task of sentencing always
involves the “exercise of measured discretion” and that the court had to
calibrate the benchmark sentence to fit the facts of the case (at [75]).

10 Analytically, PP v NF requires the sentencing court to proceed in two
steps. First, the court has to consider the category into which the particular
rape offence should be placed – this will determine the starting point which
is to be applied. Second, the court has to adjust this starting point based on
the aggravating and mitigating factors which are disclosed on the facts. In a
general sense, the manner in which the NF Framework is to be applied is not
dissimilar to that used in Frederick Chia as it also adopts the “conventional
approach” of beginning with a benchmark sentence and then adjusting that
benchmark either upwards or downwards to account for the presence of
aggravating or mitigating factors. However, it differs from Frederick Chia in
the sense that it does not set a single starting point, but four different
ones (one for each category).

11 The NF Framework was first considered and approved of by this court in the
context of rape simpliciter in Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed
Syeed Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 (“Mohammed Liton”), which was a case
involving an adult victim. In PP v UI, this court endorsed its use in cases of
aggravated rape (ie, cases of rape punishable under s 376(2) of the 1985 Penal
Code – now s 375(3) of the Penal Code), albeit with “requisite modifications
to take into account the mandatory minimum sentence prescribed by the latter
subsection” (see PP v UI at [9(f)]). In Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2 SLR
1057 (“PP v AOM”), the High Court applied the NF Framework in relation to a
case involving the rape of a victim under the age of 14.

The case for reform

12 Having carefully considered the sentences which had been imposed in the
cases which have come before the courts post-PP v NF, we are satisfied that
the NF Framework needs revision, for essentially the following reasons:

(a) First, the categories are not sufficiently comprehensive and do not cover
the full spectrum of the circumstances in which the offence of rape may be
committed.

(b) Secondly, there is no conceptual coherence to the Category 2 aggravating
factors. As a consequence, Category 2 embraces factual scenarios of widely
differing levels of culpability which should not (but currently do) attract
the same starting point.

(c) Thirdly, it is not clear as to how the statutory aggravating factors (and
the statutory minimum sentence prescribed in relation to those factors) should
be taken into account within the NF Framework.

The categorisation problem

13 Turning, first, to the general structure of the NF Framework, what
immediately stands out for attention is the somewhat eclectic methodology used
to define the categories. No single yardstick is used to define the categories
under the NF Framework; instead, each category uses separate criteria to
determine inclusion into its fold. Whereas Category 2 has been defined in a
broad and expansive way (by reference to a list of factors the presence of any
one of which would justify inclusion in the category), the boundaries of
Categories 1, 3 and 4 are much narrower. Category 1 rapes were those which
“feature no aggravating or mitigating circumstances” (see PP v NF at [20]). In
our recent decision in Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals [2016] 5 SLR 636 (“Haliffie (CA)”), we explained that Category 1 acts
as a kind of “residual category” that covers cases which do not fall into the
other three (see Haliffie (CA) at [75]) and may not necessarily be limited
only to cases at the lowest end of the spectrum. Categories 3 and 4 relate to
tightly defined pockets of offending. Category 3 encompasses situations where
the offender has either raped multiple victims or has raped a single victim
multiple times. Category 4 covers cases where the offender has “manifested
perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross personality disorder” and is
therefore likely to “remain a danger to women for an indefinite time” (see PP
v NF at [21]).

14 Because of the narrow confines of Categories 1, 3, and 4, few of the some
25 post PP v NF cases which we have reviewed have come within them. The vast
majority of those cases fell within Category 2; only five cases fell within
Category 1 (Mohammed Liton (see [96]), Sivakumar s/o Selvarajah v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 1142 (see [69]), Haliffie (CA) (see [90]), and Public
Prosecutor v Lim Choon Beng [2016] SGHC 169 (see [28])), two cases fell within
Category 3 (PP v AOM (see [19]) and Public Prosecutor v Azuar bin Ahamad
[2014] SGHC 149 (“Azuar”) (see [133])), and none fell within Category 4. The
result is that the present situation is little different from that under
Frederick Chia, where a single starting point was adopted for all offences of
rape. The only difference is that for Category 2 (which most of the cases fall
within) the starting point is 15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane rather than the old Frederick Chia benchmark of 10 years’ imprisonment
and 6 strokes of the cane. It is clear from this alone that the NF Framework
does not make adequate use of the full spectrum of sentences enacted by
Parliament and has instead encouraged a clustering of sentencing outcomes.
This is a point which we will revisit when we discuss the problems with
Category 2.

15 Furthermore, the problem of multiple offending – which Category 3 is
concerned with – is adequately dealt with in practice because the Prosecution
would prefer a separate charge for each count of rape disclosed on the facts.
This is not just a matter of Prosecutorial practice, but a statutory
requirement under the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”),
which provides that there must be a separate charge for every distinct offence
of which a person is accused (see s 132 of the CPC) and that a separate
sentence must be passed for each charge that an accused is convicted of (see s
306(1) of the CPC). This was a point which Rajah J himself acknowledged, and
it was for this reason that he said there was no need to set a benchmark for
Category 3 that was any higher than that for Category 2 (see PP v NF at [37]).
But if this is the case then the question may be asked: what purpose does
Category 3 serve?

The lack of conceptual coherence in Category 2

16 Given that Category 2 dominates the field, it is useful to discuss it at
some length. In PP v NF, Rajah J explained that the “common thread running
through category 2 rapes is that there has been exploitation of a particularly
vulnerable victim” (at [25]). This statement, however, is not strictly
correct. As the Prosecution rightly points out, not all of the Category 2
aggravating factors relate to the vulnerability of the victim. For ease of
reference, the full list of Category 2 aggravating factors listed at [20] of
PP v NF is reproduced here:

(a) The rape is committed by two or more offenders acting together.

(b) The offender is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (eg, in
the relationship of medical practitioner and patient, teacher and pupil); or
the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed his or her trust by
virtue of his office of employment (eg, a clergyman, an emergency services
patrolman, a taxi driver or a police officer).

(c) The offender abducts the victim and holds him or her captive.

(d) Rape of a child, or a victim who is especially vulnerable because of
physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder or learning disability.

(e) Racially aggravated rape, and other cases where the victim has been
targeted because of his or her membership of a vulnerable minority (eg,
homophobic rape).

(f) Repeated rape in the course of one attack (including cases where the same
victim has been both vaginally and anally raped).

(g) Rape by a man who is knowingly suffering from a life-threatening sexually
transmissible disease, whether or not he has told the victim of his condition
and whether or not the disease was actually transmitted.

17 As is clear from the above, many of the Category 2 aggravating factors
relate to the manner in which the offence has been committed (eg, the
commission of the offence by multiple persons) or the harm to the victim (eg,
where the offender commits the offence knowing he has a sexually transmitted
disease). They are not confined only to factors which relate to the
vulnerability of the victim. There does not appear to be any conceptual unity
or discernable unifying theme (apart from the fact that they were the category
defining factors used by the English Court of Appeal in Millberry) to the
Category 2 aggravating factors. Indeed, it is not at all clear why these
factors were singled out as category-defining factors while others – such as
the use of a weapon in the commission of the offence or the covert use of a
drug to overcome resistance (see PP v NF at [55]) – are not category-defining
factors even though they could be equally, if not more, serious than some of
the Category 2 aggravating factors.

18 Further compounding this problem is the fact that the Category 2
aggravating factors cover a wide range of situations, not all of which are of
equal normative significance. Take, for example, the fourth Category 2 factor
– the “rape of a child or a victim who is especially vulnerable”. Cases
falling within this description can run the gamut from the violent rape of a
young toddler on the one hand to the rape of a domestic helper by her employer
on the other. The latter, while undoubtedly serious, cannot be compared with
the former. One could also compare the second factor (rape committed by an
offender “in a position of responsibility”) with the seventh (an act of rape
committed “by a man who is knowingly suffering from a life-threatening
sexually transmissible disease”). It is plain that the gravity of the cases
which fall within these descriptions can vary greatly, and it is not clear why
all of the cases which present themselves with a Category 2 aggravating factor
should warrant the same starting point. This is a particular problem because
there is a 50% increase in the length of the benchmark sentence (from 10
years’ imprisonment to 15 years’ imprisonment) when one moves from Category 1
to Category 2.

19 It is perhaps because of these reasons that there is a surprisingly large
number of cases (eight out of 25, or about 30% of the total), where the NF
Framework has not even been cited by the court, let alone applied. And even in
cases where PP v NF has been cited, the benchmark sentences it sets out have
not been strictly adhered to. Two examples will suffice to illustrate this.

(a) The first concerns cases of statutory rape (that is to say, the rape of a
victim who is below the age of 14). The fourth Category 2 aggravating factor
is the “[r]ape of a child, or a victim who is especially vulnerable …” (see PP
v NF at [20(d)]). By this definition, all cases of statutory rape would,
without more, be classified as a Category 2 rape because a girl under 14 is a
“child” (see s 2(1) of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev
Ed) and would attract the Category 2 benchmark sentence of 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. However, this is not the prevailing
judicial practice. Offences of statutory rape simpliciter are classified as
falling “somewhere between category 1 and category 2 rapes” (see Public
Prosecutor v Sim Wei Liang Benjamin [2016] SGHC 240 (“Benjamin Sim”) at [35];
see also Public Prosecutor v Lee Seow Peng [2016] SGHC 107 (“Lee Seow Peng”)
at [99]) and attract sentences of between 10 and 13 years’ imprisonment. The
present case is another such example (see [84] below).

(b) The second concerns cases of familial rape – such cases involve the
commission of rape by a person in a position of trust or responsibility, which
is the second Category 2 aggravating factor. However, in PP v UI, this court
observed that the benchmark sentence for offences of familial rape committed
against a minor was imprisonment for a term between 12–15 years per charge (at
[23]).

The statutory aggravating factors

20 The final difficulty concerns the treatment of the statutory aggravating
factors which were first introduced in the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 1984
(Act No 23 of 1984). Section 375(3) of the Penal Code provides that a
mandatory minimum sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the
cane will apply if an offender either: (a) voluntarily causes hurt to a victim
or any other person in order to commit or facilitate the commission of rape;
(b) puts the victim in fear of death or hurt to herself or any other person in
order to commit or facilitate the commission of rape; or (c) rapes a victim
under 14 by having sexual intercourse with her without her consent. We shall
refer to these as cases of “aggravated rape” and specifically to scenario (c)
– the rape of a minor without her consent – as a case of “aggravated statutory
rape”. While in PP v UI this court has said that the NF Framework can also
apply in cases involving aggravated rape provided “requisite modifications”
were made (see [11] above), it is not clear what these modifications are or
should be.

21 The existence of these statutory aggravating factors (and the minimum
sentence which they attract) cannot simply be ignored as anachronistic
holdovers from a previous age. As a three judge panel of the High Court
stressed in a recent judgment on corrective training, where Parliament has
made specific provision for something in statute, “the court is not entitled
to ignore its existence” (see Sim Yeow Kee v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2016] 5 SLR 936 at [84]). There are at least two issues which must be
considered here. The first is whether the statutory aggravating factors are
themselves Category 2 aggravating factors or whether they are non-category
defining aggravating factors to be taken into account to justify a further
enhancement in the sentence after an appropriate starting point has been
determined by reference to the Category 2 aggravating factors. The second is
how the prescribed statutory minimum sentence interacts with the judicial
benchmark of 10 years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the lowest
category of rapes, which has been in place since Frederick Chia was decided in
1993.

22 In summary, the NF Framework was a response to the limitations of Frederick
Chia, which – in prescribing a single starting point for all cases of rape –
did not provide sufficient guidance for sentencing courts. While we recognise
that the NF Framework has gone some way towards addressing this problem, in
the light of experience gained, there are aspects in the framework where
improvements could be made. Accordingly, we are of the view that it needs to
be revised.

The law as it ought to be: the revised sentencing framework

23 As argued in Saul Holt, “Appellate Sentencing Guidance in New Zealand” 3
NZPGLEJ 1 (“Appellate Sentencing Guidance”), a good guideline sentencing
judgment should strive to (at 38):

(a) ensure consistency in sentencing;

(b) maintain an appropriate level of flexibility and discretion for sentencing
courts;

(c) encourage transparency in reasoning; and

(d) create a “coherent picture of sentencing for a particular offence” – that
is to say, it must respect the statutory context by taking into account the
whole range of penalties prescribed, including the mandatory minimum
punishments set out in the relevant statute.

24 In our judgment, if these goals are to be achieved, what is required is not
just a “recalibrat[ion] of the benchmarks” set out in the NF Framework, as the
Prosecution has submitted, but a more fundamental change to the way the
sentencing framework for rape is structured. We will turn to detail these
changes presently, but before that we begin with a general discussion of the
basic nature and structure of sentencing guidelines.

Sentencing guidelines in general

25 In Singapore, the task of issuing sentencing guidelines falls on the
judiciary, rather than an executive body specially constituted for this
purpose (see Chao Hick Tin, “The Art of Sentencing – An Appellate Court’s
Perspective”, Sentencing Conference 2014: Trends, Tools &

Technology, <

http://www.supremecourt.gov.sg/docs/default-source/default-document-
library/media-room/speech-on-sentencing---2-oct-14.pdf> (accessed 5 May
2017)). Some guideline judgments relate to pure points of principle, such as
the manner in which the court decides which sentences to run consecutively and
which concurrently (see Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2
SLR 998 (“Shouffee”)) or the criteria to be applied in determining when a
mentally unstable offender who has committed a serious offence and is likely
to reoffend should be sentenced to life imprisonment for the sake of public
protection (see Public Prosecutor v Aniza bte Essa [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327). More
commonly, however, guideline judgments lay down the presumptive sentences that
should be imposed for the commission of an offence in defined factual
scenarios. This is what is usually referred to when the expression “guideline
judgment” is used, and it is in this sense that the expression will be used in
the remainder of this judgment.

Different types of guideline judgments in Singapore

26 Guideline judgments in Singapore have taken many forms and employ a host of
different approaches including:

(a) The “single starting point” approach;

(b) The “multiple starting points” approach;

(c) The “benchmark” approach; and

(d) The “sentencing matrix” approach.

(1) The “single starting point” approach

27 The single starting point approach was that used in Frederick Chia. As
explained above, this calls for the identification of a notional starting
point which will then be adjusted taking into account the aggravating and
mitigating factors in the case. This is the approach which is still being used
in some Canadian jurisdictions today for the offence of rape (see the decision
Court of Appeal of Newfoundland and Labrador in R v Atkins (1988) 69 Nfld. &
P.EI.R. 99) and, until 1994, this was also the approach favoured in New
Zealand (see R v Clark [1987] 1 NZLR 380). Mr Subir Singh Grewal (“Mr Singh”),
counsel for the Appellant, submitted that the approach of having a single
starting point (which he contends, following Frederick Chia, should be set at
10 years’ imprisonment and 6 stroke of the cane) has the virtue of affording
the sentencing court with the most extent of flexibility, and is one which
“better caters for a holistic consideration of all the facts in each case.”

28 With respect, we must decline Mr Singh’s invitation to revert to the
position in Frederick Chia. In our judgment, the single starting point
approach would be suitable where the offence in question almost invariably
manifests itself in a particular way and the range of sentencing
considerations is circumscribed. This might be the case, for instance, where
one is concerned with a regulatory offence. This is not the case where rape is
concerned, as the range of relevant sentencing considerations is wide, and
there is great variance in the manner in which the offence presents itself. In
this regard, it will be helpful to recall that the impetus for the shift to
the NF Framework was the inconsistency in sentencing practice that prevailed
under Frederick Chia (see [7] above).

(2) The “multiple starting points” approach

29 The multiple starting points approach involves the setting of different
indicative starting points, each corresponding to a different class of the
offence. Once an indicative starting point has been established by reference
to the classification of the offence, it will then be adjusted in the
conventional way (that is to say, by having regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors in the case). An example of a case that uses such an
approach is the decision of the High Court in Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122, which concerned the offence of drug trafficking.
In that case, the court held that different indicative starting points would
apply depending on the weight of the drugs trafficked. Once a starting point
has been identified based on the weight of the drugs, it would be adjusted to
account for the offender’s culpability and the presence of aggravating and
mitigating factors (at [47]–[48]). Another example is Yap Ah Lai v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 3 SLR 180, which relates to the offence of importing
uncustomed tobacco. There, different starting points were established with
reference to the quantity of tobacco involved.

30 It can be seen that this approach is suitable where the offence in question
is clearly targeted at a particular mischief which is measureable according to
a single (usually quantitative) metric that assumes primacy in the sentencing
analysis. Drug trafficking and cigarette smuggling are paradigmatic examples
of such offences. In drug trafficking, for instance, the mischief which the
law aims to address is the prevention of the proliferation of drugs. Prima
facie, therefore, an offender who traffics in a greater quantity of drugs
deserves greater punishment and the weight of the drugs provides a clear
quantitative index for assessing the gravity of the offence (see Public
Prosecutor v Tan Thian Earn [2016] 3 SLR 269 at [34]). However, the offence of
rape is a complex one, and the seriousness of an offence of rape will depend
on a multitude of factors. Because of that, any sentencing framework for this
offence must accord to the sentencing court a greater degree of flexibility to
take into account the multitude of variables that may come into play in
determining the appropriate sentence.

(3) The “benchmark” approach

31 The benchmark approach calls for the identification of an archetypal case
(or a series of archetypal cases) and the sentence which should be imposed in
respect of such a case. This notional case must be defined with some
specificity, both in terms of the factual matrix of the case in question as
well as the sentencing considerations which inform the sentence that is meted
out, in order that future courts can use it as a touchstone. In Abu Syeed
Chowdhury v Public Prosecutor [2002] 1 SLR(R) 182, Yong Pung How CJ explained
the purpose of a “benchmark” in the following way (at [15]):

A “benchmark” is a sentencing norm prevailing on the mind of every judge,
ensuring consistency and therefore fairness in a criminal justice system. It
is not cast in stone, nor does it represent an abdication of the judicial
prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual offender. It
instead provides the focal point against which sentences in subsequent cases,
with differing degrees of criminal culpability, can be accurately determined.
A good “benchmark” decision therefore lays down carefully the parameters of
its reasoning in order to allow future judges to determine what falls within
the scope of the “norm”, and what exceptional situations justify departure
from it.

32 Like the single starting point approach, the benchmark approach is
particularly suited for offences which overwhelmingly manifest in a particular
way or where a particular variant or manner of offending is extremely common
and is therefore singled out for special attention. One example of the latter
type of case is the offence of assaulting a public transport worker. In Wong
Hoi Len v Public Prosecutor [2009] 1 SLR(R) 115 (“Wong Hoi Len”), the
Singapore High Court held that the benchmark sentence for an uncontested
charge of assaulting a public transport worker (if prosecuted under s 323 of
the Penal Code) was a sentence of four weeks’ imprisonment. Another example is
the case of Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar [2007]
2 SLR(R) 334, which concerned offences of credit card fraud prosecuted under s
420 of the 1985 Penal Code. The High Court observed that instances of credit
card fraud usually presented themselves in one of two ways: (a) as a
syndicated offence involving counterfeit or forged credit cards or (b) a non-
syndicated offence involving cards which were stolen or misappropriated,
rather than counterfeited or forged (at [21]). However, there is no such thing
as a “typical” case of rape, and each case must be assessed on its own terms.
For this reason, we do not consider the benchmark approach to be suitable.

(4) The “sentencing matrix” approach

33 The sentencing matrix approach is modelled on the approach used by the
United Kingdom Sentencing Council. The court first begins by considering the
seriousness of an offence by reference to the “principal factual elements” of
the case in order to give the case a preliminary classification (in practice,
this is done by locating the position of the case in a sentencing matrix, with
each cell in the matrix featuring a different indicative starting point and
sentencing range: see, eg, Poh Boon Kiat v Public Prosecutor [2014] 4 SLR 892
(“Poh Boon Kiat”) at [77]–[78]). Based on this assessment, the starting point
and the range of sentences will be identified. At the second stage of the
analysis, the precise sentence to be imposed will be determined by having
regard to any other aggravating and mitigating factors, which do not relate to
the principal factual elements of the offence: see Poh Boon Kiat at [79].

34 The availability of such an approach is crucially dependent on the
availability of a set of principal facts which can significantly affect the
seriousness of an offence in all cases (see Koh Yong Chiah v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 3 SLR 447 at [47]). For instance, in Poh Boon Kiat, the High Court held
that the "principal factual elements” of vice-related offences were: (a) the
manner and extent of the offender’s role in the vice syndicate (which is the
primary determinant of his culpability) and (b) the treatment of the
prostitute (which is the primary determinant of the harm caused by the
offence): see Poh Boon Kiat at [75]–[76]. The difficulty in this context is
that the offence of rape can take place in a wide variety of different
circumstances and it is difficult to identify any set of “principal factual
elements” which can affect the seriousness of such an offence across the
board. Thus, we do not consider the sentencing matrix approach to be suitable.

The two-step sentencing bands approach

35 It will be clear from the foregoing that none of the approaches enumerated
above commends itself fully to us. In the 1990s, several Australian courts
began adopting a more structured approach towards sentencing under which the
court first determines a proportionate sentence having regard to the facts of
the offence before adjusting this presumptive sentence in light of the
circumstances which are peculiar to the offender (see Austin Lovegrove,
“Intuition, Structure and Sentencing: An Evaluation of Guideline Judgments”
(2002) 14 Current Issues in Criminal Justice 182 at 183). This approach has
not taken hold in Australia, which still favours what is sometimes referred to
as the “instinctive synthesis” approach (see the decision of the High Court of
Australia in Wong v R (2001) 185 ALR 233 at [76]), but it has been much more
warmly received in New Zealand, where it has been widely applied.

36 R v Taueki [2005] 3 NZLR 372 (“Taueki”) was a guideline judgment on
offences of serious violence issued by the New Zealand Court of Appeal and it
provides the clearest statement of the New Zealand approach. There are two
steps to the so-called “Taueki methodology”. The first step involves the
identification of a “starting point sentence” which reflects the intrinsic
seriousness of the offending act. This is done by identifying the sentencing
band appropriate to the offence in question (having regard only to the
seriousness of the offence) and then the precise position along the prescribed
sentencing band within which the offence falls. In Taueki, for instance, the
court described three different “bands” of increasing levels of seriousness
and set a sentencing range for each: 3–6 years’ imprisonment for band 1; 5–10
years’ imprisonment for band 2; and 9–14 years’ imprisonment for band 3. Each
band was described in general qualitative terms (for instance, band one was
described as being “appropriate for offending involving violence at the lower
end of the spectrum”: at [36]). At the second step, this starting point
sentence is then adjusted either up or down to reflect circumstances which are
personal to the offender such as his offending history or the expression of
remorse. In R v AM [2010] NZLR 750 (“AM”), the New Zealand Court of Appeal
applied the Taueki methodology in the formulation of a guideline judgment for
rape. Following the decision of the New Zealand Supreme Court in Hessell v R
[2011] 1 NZLR 607 (“Hessell”), it is now seen as desirable that a “third step”
be added wherein the court applies a discount to the presumptive sentence
derived after the first two steps have been executed to account for the value
of any guilty plea (at [73]).

37 The Taueki methodology most closely resembles the sentencing matrix
approach but it differs from the latter in two important respects. First, it
calls for a general holistic assessment of the seriousness of the offence by
reference to all the offence-specific factors rather than just the “principal
factual elements”. Second, it draws a distinction between factors which relate
to the offending act and those which are personal to the offender. In our
opinion, the Taueki methodology has clarity, transparency, coherence, and
consistency to commend it and should be adopted. The principal advantages of
this approach are as follows:

(a) First, it allows the court to clearly articulate the seriousness of the
offence while allowing the sentence to be tailored according to the
circumstances of each case. This promotes the communicative function of the
criminal law, as it allows the court to express disapprobation for the act
even if there are exceptional personal mitigating circumstances which might
warrant a significant sentencing discount for the offender.

(b) Secondly, it promotes transparency and consistency in reasoning. Courts
will have to openly and clearly articulate the precise weight that is being
ascribed to a particular factor. This is especially important when an
adjustment is made to account for the personal circumstances of the offender,
where the dangers of inconsistency and arbitrariness are greater. If applied
consistently over a period of time, the accumulation of transparently reasoned
precedents will undoubtedly help future courts to accurately benchmark the
seriousness of an offence against others of like nature.

(c) Thirdly, it will promote greater coherence. The dichotomy between offence-
related factors and offender-specific factors is conceptually sound (see,
generally, Jessica Jacobson and Mike Hough, Mitigation: The Role of Personal
Factors in sentencing (Prison Reform Trust, 2007) at p vii) and it addresses
one of the principal criticisms of the PP v NF approach, which is the lack of
a principled reason for distinguishing between category-defining factors and
non-category defining factors (see [17] above).

(d) Fourthly, we consider that the approach of having several sentencing
“bands” which are defined in general terms has significant advantages over the
NF Framework. Chiefly, these advantages are: (i) it will cover the entire
range of offending acts instead of several select pockets of offending; and
(ii) the use of sentencing ranges rather than fixed starting points will
afford courts with greater flexibility to arrive at a proportionate sentence.

38 The only point on which we demur concerns the introduction of a “third
step” for the application of a discount by reason of a plea of guilt or for
the rendering of assistance to the police. In our opinion, these are offender-
specific mitigating factors and can and should to be taken into account at the
second stage of the analysis instead of being considered separately.

The Revised Framework

39 We turn now to describe the Revised Framework in greater detail. Under this
new approach a sentencing court should proceed in two steps:

(a) First, the court should identify under which band the offence in question
falls within, having regard to the factors which relate to the manner and mode
by which the offence was committed as well as the harm caused to the victim
(we shall refer to these as “offence-specific” factors). Once the sentencing
band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be imposed for a
case with those offence-specific features, has been identified the court
should then determine precisely where within that range the present offence
falls in order to derive an “indicative starting point”, which reflects the
intrinsic seriousness of the offending act.

(b) Secondly, the court should have regard to the aggravating and mitigating
factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the appropriate
sentence for that offender. These “offender-specific” factors relate to the
offender’s particular personal circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the
factors which have already been taken into account in the categorisation of
the offence. In exceptional circumstances, the court is entitled to move
outside of the prescribed range for that band if, in its view, the case
warrants such a departure.

40 Before elaborating on each of the two steps in this process, we would
clarify that the benchmark sentences we are laying down apply to “contested
cases” – that is to say, convictions entered following trial. There are at
least two reasons for this. The first is based on sentencing theory. The
mitigating value of a plea of guilt cannot be fixed, but is personal to the
particular offender, and it is affected by factors such as the degree of
remorse displayed and the extent to which the offender had “no choice” but to
plead guilty because he had been caught in flagrante delicto (see PP v UI at
[71]). We will elaborate on the proper weight to be ascribed to a plea of
guilt later, but it suffices to say for now that it is clear that this makes
it difficult to set a benchmark sentence by reference to uncontested cases
when no uniform weight can be attached to a plea of guilt. The second is an
argument based on constitutional principle. The law accords every accused
person a basic right to plead not guilty and to claim trial to a charge (see
Kuek Ah Lek v Public Prosecutor [1995] 2 SLR(R) 766 at [65]). If the
benchmarks were set by reference to uncontested cases then it would follow
that an uplift should be applied where an offender claims trial. This would
lead to the “appearance” that offenders who claim trial are being penalised
for exercising their constitutional right to claim trial (see, generally, the
decision of the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal in R v Henry [1999]
NSWCCA 111 at [333] per Simpson J).

41 This is not to say that it would never be appropriate to promulgate a
benchmark sentence on the basis of an uncontested case. This might be
suitable, for example, where the “typical case” is one where the charge is
uncontested, and so fixing the benchmark sentence by reference to an
uncontested case makes eminent sense. One such example is the case of Wong Hoi
Len, where a benchmark sentence was laid down for a “typical case of road rage
where … the accused is a first-time offender pleading guilty” (at [19]).
However, the “typical” case of rape (to the extent that such a case exists) is
not uncontested. Of the 25 post PP v NF cases of rape which we considered, it
was almost an even split – 13 cases were contested while 12 were uncontested.

The first step: classification of the offence

42 At the first step, the court should have regard only to the “offence-
specific factors”. To recapitulate, “offence-specific” factors are those which
relate to the circumstances of the offence such as the harm caused or the
specific role played by an offender in the commission of a group offence.
These factors “indicate the level of gravity of the crime in specific relation
to the offence upon which the accused was charged” (see the decision of the
High Court in Public Prosecutor v Huang Hong Si [2003] 3 SLR 57 at [8]) and
are the factors that the court should consider when selecting an appropriate
sentencing band.

(1) The offence-specific factors

43 It is of course impossible to provide an exhaustive list of all the
offence-specific factors and what is listed here are just some factors which
are often referred to in the decided cases. It should be noted that we have
incorporated the statutory aggravating factors in s 375(3) of the Penal Code
in this list. Parliament has singled out these factors for particular
attention because it had thought that they should be visited with special
disapprobation. As we shall explain at [53] below, the presence of more than
one of these factors will usually place that offence within the second band of
offending.

44 Many of the offence-specific factors which have been discussed in the case
law go towards the aggravation of the offence. These include:

(a) Group rape: It has long been held that offences which are committed by
groups of persons, even if not the product of syndicated or planned action,
are more serious (see Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814
(“Law Aik Meng”) at [25(b)]). The reason for this is that the alarm suffered
by the victim is invariably enhanced and also because group offences pose a
greater threat to social order. This applies with particular force to the
offence of rape. When the offence is committed by multiple persons acting in
concert, the trauma and sense of helplessness visited upon the victim as well
as the degree of public disquiet generated increases exponentially

(b) Abuse of position and breach of trust: This concerns cases where the
offender is in a position of responsibility towards the victim (eg, parents
and their children, medical practitioners and patients, teachers and their
pupils), or where the offender is a person in whom the victim has placed her
trust by virtue of his office of employment (eg, a policeman or social
worker). When such an offender commits rape, there is a dual wrong: not only
has he committed a serious crime, he has also violated the trust placed in him
by society and by the victim.

(c) Premeditation: The presence of planning and premeditation evinces a
considered commitment towards law-breaking and therefore reflects greater
criminality. Examples of premeditation include the use of drugs or soporifics
to reduce the victim’s resistance, predatory behaviour (eg, the grooming of a
child or young person), or the taking of deliberate steps towards the
isolation of the victim (eg, by arranging to meet at a secluded area under
false pretences).

(d) Violence: The actual or threatened use of violence in the course of or to
facilitate the commission of rape is a statutory aggravating factor (see s
375(3) of the Penal Code). In other jurisdictions, violence must be gratuitous
before it can be considered an aggravating factor (eg, in Millberry, Lord
Woolf referred to “the use of violence over and above the force necessary to
commit the rape” (at [32]); in AM, the New Zealand Court of Appeal referred to
a level of violence which was “more than mild” (at [38])). Arguably the reason
why such additional factor is alluded to is because rape is inherently a
violent offence (see AM at [38]) and by making such a reference, what the
courts had in mind was that only excessive force that would be an offence-
specific aggravating factor. There is logic in this view and it seems to us
that violence as an aggravating factor as prescribed in s 375(3) should be
interpreted in that light. What would be “the use of violence over the force
necessary to commit the rape” or “excessive force” is a factual inquiry to be
determined by the court.

(e) Rape of a vulnerable victim: The rape of a victim who is especially
vulnerable because of age, physical frailty, mental impairment or disorder,
learning disability. Concerns of general deterrence weigh heavily in favour of
the imposition of a more severe sentence to deter would-be offenders from
preying on such victims (see Law Aik Meng at [24(b)]). Such cases would often,
but not invariably, be accompanied by evidence of an abuse of position/trust
and/or some element of premeditation and planning.

(f) Forcible rape of a victim below 14: During the Second Reading of the Penal
Code (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 16 of 1984), the Minister said that rape was a
“particularly vicious offence” that it was “particularly despicable when it
involves the use or threat of violence and when the victim is a child of
tender years” (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (26 July
1984) vol 44 at col 1868 (Chua Sian Chin, Minister for Home Affairs)). The
policy of the law is that a female under 14 cannot consent to sexual activity.
Thus, under s 375(1)(b) of the Penal Code, any man who uses his penis to
penetrate the vagina of such a female commits rape, irrespective of whether
the victim assents to the act. This mirrors the position at common law, which
has long held that girls below the age of 13 cannot consent to sexual
intercourse (see R v G (Secretary of State for the Home Department
intervening) [2008] 1 WLR 1379 at [19] per Lord Hope). If the victim did not
consent, the offence is particularly serious and Parliament has singled such a
case out for special attention by making it a species of aggravated rape.

(g) Hate crime: The commission of rape as an expression of racial or religious
prejudice, or when actuated by animus towards particular minority groups (eg,
the disabled) is especially despicable. The former is a particular concern
given the importance of community and racial harmony in Singapore (see Law Aik
Meng at [24(f)]). For this reason, racially instigated rape and other cases
where the victim has specifically been targeted because of her membership of a
vulnerable minority group should be severely dealt with.

(h) Severe harm to victim: As Rajah J stressed in PP v NF, every act of rape
invariably inflicts immeasurable harm on a victim (at [46] and [47]). It
seriously violates the dignity of the victim by depriving the victim’s right
to sexual autonomy and it leaves irretrievable physical, emotional, and
psychological scars. Where the rape results in especially serious physical or
mental effects on the victim such as pregnancy, the transmission of a serious
disease, or a psychiatric illness, this is a serious aggravating factor. In
many cases, the harm suffered by the victim will be set out in a victim impact
statement.

(i) Deliberate infliction of special trauma: This differs from the previous
factor in the sense that this relates to the intention of the offender as
manifested in the manner of the offending, rather than the effect which it had
on the victim. Cases in which it can be said that there has been deliberate
infliction of special trauma include repeated rape in the course of one
attack, where there was further degradation of the victim (eg, by forced oral
sex or urination on the victim or participation in fetishistic sexual acts),
or where there is a rape by a man who knows that he is suffering from a life-
threatening sexually transmissible disease, whether or not he has told the
victim of his condition (and whether or not the disease was actually
transmitted to the victim).

45 We would caution against taking into account the following two factors,
which are usually irrelevant to an assessment of the seriousness of the
offence:

(a) Forgiveness by the victim: This was a subject that we dealt with at in PP
v UI (at [46]–[67]). Forgiveness is a private matter between the victim and
the offender, and should not affect the sentence imposed on the offender by
the courts, which reflects the public interest in criminal punishment (at [56]
and [67]). Two possible exceptions are: (i) where the sentence imposed on the
offender would aggravate the victim’s distress and (ii) the victim’s
forgiveness is relevant to a determination of the harm she has suffered as a
result of the offence (at [57]).

(b) Consent by a victim under 14. Where it is a case of statutory rape, the
consent of the victim is irrelevant to liability (see [44(f)] above). In PP v
AOM the High Court held that the fact that a victim consented to intercourse
was not a mitigating factor save in “exceptional” cases, eg, where the
offender and the victim were of the same or similar age at the time the
offence was committed (at [35]). We note, parenthetically, that saying that
consent cannot be a mitigating factor is perfectly consistent with saying that
its absence is an aggravating factor (see [44(f)] above). The reason for
making consent irrelevant to liability in cases involving children is to
protect them from exploitation. It does not undermine (and in fact it
furthers) this objective to say the offender’s culpability is appreciably
greater if it can be demonstrated that the child had actively refused to
assent to sexual intercourse.

46 One particularly controversial area concerns the relevance of the existence
of a prior relationship between the parties: This was discussed at length in
Mohammed Liton, where it was held that the existence of a prior relationship
between the offender and the victim could neither be treated automatically as
an aggravating factor nor as a mitigating factor. Instead, its effect would
depend on all the circumstances of the case (at [116]). An allied issue
concerns evidence of consensual sexual activity shortly before the offending.
In some cases, it has been held that this was something which, while not a
general mitigating factor per se, was one which could go towards lessening the
offender’s culpability (see, eg, AM at [59] and Mohammed Liton at
[118]–[[19]). That said, we emphasise that this view should not be seen as
resiling from the principle of sexual autonomy: persons have the right to
choose whether or not to participate in sexual activity. They can change their
minds if they wish, and their choices must be respected. However, it stands to
reason that all the circumstances must be assessed in order to determine the
proper weight to be given to such a factor (see AM at [60] and Mohammed Liton
at [121]).

(2) The sentencing bands

47 Once the gravity of the offence has been ascertained, the court should then
place the offence within an appropriate band. These sentencing bands represent
different sections along a single continuum of seriousness and no longer,
unlike in PP v NF, deal only with discrete pockets of offending. Bearing in
mind the prescribed maximum punishment for rape and the existing sentencing
precedents, our proposed bands are:

(a) Band 1: 10–13 years’ imprisonment, 6 strokes of the cane.

(b) Band 2: 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

(c) Band 3: 17–20 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane.

48 It will be seen that there is only marginal overlap in the sentencing
ranges for each band. As we have stressed on multiple occasions, sentencing is
ultimately an exercise in evaluative ethical judgment. There might well be
cases which will eventually be assessed to straddle the border between the
bands. In the discussion that follows, we shall set out the qualitative
description of the cases which fall within each band and identify some
representative cases (drawn primarily from the post PP v NF case law) as
illustrations of the sorts of cases which would fall within each band.
Following the lead of the New Zealand Court of Appeal in AM (at [91]), we
would clarify that the use of these representative cases is not to be taken as
being indicative of our view of the correctness (or not) of the actual
sentences passed in those cases, which were, in any event, decided under a
different sentencing framework. Thus, we will not be making reference to the
actual outcomes in those representative cases because we do not think it would
be very helpful.

49 We would make two preliminary points. First, we would add that there may be
some cases which are so unusual that a sentencing point outside the prescribed
band should be adopted. In such cases, cogent reasons should be given for the
departure from the prescribed sentencing range (see AM at [83]). One possible
example is the case of Mohammed Liton, which involved extremely unusual facts
(at [119]). As was stressed by this court in that case, it is imperative that
a court considers each case on its own facts in order to arrive at a just
sentence (at [121]). Second, it will be noted that the lower bound of 10
years’ imprisonment for Band 1 exceeds the minimum sentence of eight years’
imprisonment for aggravated rape (see [20] above). This – the fact that the
benchmark sentence of rape of all forms exceeds the statutory minimum sentence
for the aggravated rape – has been the case since our decision in Frederick
Chia (see [21] above). In our judgment, there is nothing objectionable about
this and it is does not have the effect of rendering the statutory minimum
otiose. As the Prosecution argued, and we agree, the statutory minimum has the
effect of setting an absolute floor beyond which sentences imposed for
aggravated rape cannot fall, irrespective of how exceptional the personal
mitigating factors. Under the Revised Framework, the statutory minimum
sentence set in s 375(3) of the Penal Code still plays this role.

(A) Band 1 (10 –13 years’ imprisonment, 6 strokes of the cane)

50 Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness.
These are cases which feature no offence-specific aggravating factors or where
the factor(s) are only present to a very limited extent and therefore should
have a limited impact on the sentence. Cases falling in the middle to upper
ranges of Band 1 would include those where the offence was committed with only
one of the aggravating factors listed at [44] above.

51 Cases of statutory rape in which (a) the victim consents (that is to say,
the offence is punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code) and (b) there are
no further notable aggravating factors (such as an abuse of position or
evidence of particular vulnerability over and above the age of the victim)
should fall in the upper end of this band. The indicative starting point for
such cases ought to be 12 years’ imprisonment, though this is of course
subject to the facts of each case. The inclusion of statutory rape in Band 1
is not meant to signal a softening of the courts’ stance against such
offences, which are undoubtedly serious. However, in the formulation of a set
of sentencing guidelines (and in the sentencing exercise more generally), the
court has to make a distinction between degrees of seriousness. This sometimes
entails the making of quite invidious comparisons between factors which, by
any account, are serious and deserving of condemnation (see AM at [78]). When
viewed against the entire spectrum of offending, we are of the view that cases
of statutory rape falls within the upper end of Band 1. Such offences do not
belong at the lowest end of the range, because the offence is inherently
aggravated by reason of the age of the victim but at the same time they do not
belong in Band 2, which comprise cases which are appreciably more serious. We
consider that this accords with existing judicial practice (see [19(a)]
above). However, we clarify that aggravated statutory rape (ie, without
consent) is different and clearly falls within Band 2, as would the other
forms of aggravated rapes listed under s 375(3).

52 A case which we consider would fall within Band 1 is Haliffie bin Mamat
(CA). There, the victim was waiting for a taxi after leaving a club and she
was tipsy. The offender happened to see her and he stopped his car and offered
her a lift. After driving for some time, he stopped the car and raped the
victim. After he had done so, he forcefully removed her from his car (which
caused her to suffer mild abrasions) and stole her bag, which contained some
valuables. The offender had taken advantage of the fact that the victim was
inebriated (though not unconscious), but there were otherwise no other
offence-specific aggravating factors of note.

(B) Band 2 (13–17 years’ imprisonment, 12 strokes of the cane)

53 Band 2 comprises cases of rape which are properly described as being of a
higher level of seriousness. Such cases would usually contain two or more of
the offence-specific aggravating factors (such as those listed at [44] above),
thus underscoring the seriousness of the offence. A paradigmatic example of a
Band 2 case would be the rape of a particularly vulnerable victim coupled with
evidence of an abuse of position (such as where the rape took place in a
familial context, as was the case in PP v NF). Cases which contain any of the
statutory aggravating factors and prosecuted under s 375(3) of the Penal Code
will almost invariably fall within this band. At the middle and upper reaches
of this Band are offences marked by serious violence and those which take
place over an extended period of time and which leave the victims with serious
and long-lasting injuries physical or psychological injuries.

54 Examples of cases which might fall within this band are:

(a) Public Prosecutor v Robiul Bhoreshuddin Mondal [2010] SGHC 10 (“Robiul”):
The offender broke into a house in the dead of night and raped the victim, a
domestic helper employed to work on the premises, four times that night. The
offender was familiar with the premises because he had done some gardening
work for the neighbouring house and he waited for an opportune moment before
breaking in. During the course of the rape, he threatened to kill her if she
did not remain quiet.

(b) Benjamin Sim: The offender was described as a “prowler on the Internet
looking out for young girls whom he could first befriend and then lure into
sexual activities” (at [30]). There were multiple victims and the offences
took place over a period of three months. He used a pseudonym when he
contacted the victims, whom he had only befriended in order to predispose them
towards sexual contact, and represented himself as being younger than he
actually was. After chatting with his victims for some time, he would initiate
sexual contact. In the victim impact statements, it was recorded that the
victims felt “dirty and troubled” and blamed themselves for what had happened
(at [12]).

(c) Public Prosecutor v Ravindran Annamalai [2013] SGHC 77 (“Ravindran”): The
offender rushed at the victim, a domestic helper employed by his neighbour, as
she was leaving the neighbouring flat. He forced his way inside and proceeded
to rape her twice. Between the two acts of rape, the victim attempted to
escape but was unable to. The offender physically assaulted the victim and
also threatened to kill her. After the second act of rape, he dragged the
victim into the kitchen and strangled her with a piece of string in an attempt
to kill her to prevent her from identifying him. The victim lost consciousness
due to oxygen deprivation as a result of the strangulation but did not die.

(d) Public Prosecutor v BNN [2014] SGHC 7 (“BNN”): The offender was the
stepfather of the victim and his abuse of the victim began when she was just
11. He first touched her inappropriately and his abuses grew in intensity and
perversion over a three year period. He raped her when she was 14. The sexual
abuses were also accompanied by a pattern of physical abuse against the victim
as well as her mother and younger sister, all of whom lived in fear of the
offender.

(e) Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Fadzli bin Abdul Rahim [2008] SGHC 177
(“Fadzli”): The offender and his accomplices devised a plan to rob and then to
rape commercial sex workers. He would lure each victim into his vehicle on the
pretext that he wanted to engage her services. Once the victim had entered the
car, she would be driven to a secluded area where he and his accomplices would
set upon the victim. They physically assaulted each victim (there were six in
total), raped and robbed her, and then abandoned each victim in various states
of undress.

(f) PP v AOM: The offender was in a relationship with the victim’s mother and
was the victim’s de facto guardian who resided with them. He began sexually
abusing the victim when she was only 12 and did not know what sexual
intercourse was. Over the next two years, he continued to sexually abuse the
victim on multiple occasions by having unprotected sex with her. He sought to
deceive her by saying that what he did was to ensure that she would not be
cheated in the future. The victim contracted chlamydia as a result of the
abuses. These abuses also left indelible psychological scars: the victim had
recurrent thoughts about the abuse and feared contact with adult males.

(g) Public Prosecutor v AHB [2010] SGHC 138 (“AHB”): The offender had
previously been convicted of outraging the modesty of the victim, his
biological daughter. After his release, he did not mend his ways; instead, he
continued to outrage her modesty and later raped her when she was 14. The
victim became pregnant as a result and eventually delivered a daughter, who
was eventually given up for adoption. After the victim first told the offender
of her pregnancy, he did not show any concern and instead directed her to lie
if questioned before coercing her into fellating him. As a result of the
abuses, the victim suffered from flashbacks and feared that she would not be
able to have healthy relationships with persons of the opposite sex in the
future.

55 We will add these further comments on the cases just cited. Benjamin Sim
clearly falls within Band 2 because of the following pronounced aggravating
features: (a) the offences were planned and premeditated – the offender had
acted in a predatory manner; (b) the offences had taken place over a longer
period of time; and (c) the victims had suffered lasting harm. Robiul probably
lies at the boundary between Bands 1 and 2, but what takes it to the lower end
of Band 2 was the use of a threat which put the victim in fear of death (a
statutory aggravating factor) and the fact that the offender broke into the
house where the victim resided. It should be observed that as one moves
further up the band, the number as well as the severity of the aggravating
factors increase. The cases of BNN, Ravindran, and Fadzli all contained a
number of aggravating factors which warrant their inclusion in the middle to
upper ranges of Band 2. In particular, Fadzli was a case of gang rape which,
as we have explained at [44(a)] above, is a significant aggravating factor.

56 The cases which fall at the upper end of Band 2 are PP v AOM and AHB. The
former involved a sustained pattern of abuse against a young victim over an
extended period of time. It was a serious case of aggravated statutory rape
both because of the breach of trust and because of the serious harm occasioned
to the victim, who contracted a sexually transmitted disease. AHB was a
particularly serious case because of the clear abuse of trust, the
vulnerability of the victim, the length of time over which the offences were
committed, their callous manner (including the additional indignities
inflicted), as well as the lasting effects of the offences on the victim (who
became pregnant and delivered a child who had to be given up for adoption).
Both PP v AOM and AHB are cases which should be placed at the high end of this
band.

(C) Band 3 (17–20 years’ imprisonment, 18 strokes of the cane)

57 Band 3 rapes are those which, by reason of the number and intensity of the
aggravating factors, present themselves as extremely serious cases of rape.
They often feature victims with particularly high degrees of vulnerability
and/or serious levels of violence attended with perversities. In many of these
cases, the offences would have been committed as part of a “campaign of rape”
(see Billam at 351E). There is often a compelling public interest in meeting
out a lengthy sentence in the interest of public protection – both to
specifically deter the offender in question as well as to mark society’s
condemnation for the execrable nature of the offence. Lying at the very apex
of this band would be cases in respect of which it might be said that “the
offender has manifested perverted or psychopathic tendencies or gross
personality disorder, and where he is likely, if at large, to remain a danger
to women for an indefinite time” (at ibid). Such cases may properly be
described as being among the “most serious instances of the offence in
question” (see Sim Gek Yong v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 185 at [13])
and could attract the maximum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 24
strokes of the cane.

58 Cases which we consider qualify for inclusion in Band 3 are:

(a) Public Prosecutor v ABJ [2010] 2 SLR 377 (“ABJ”): The offender sexually
abused the victim, his friend’s daughter, over a continuous period of seven
years beginning from the time she was eight. At points during that seven year
period, the assaults took place daily and the offender inflicted a litany of
indecencies on the victim: he raped the victim, penetrated her anally, forced
her to fellate him, and penetrated her with various objects. As a result of
the offences, the victim suffered “indelible” psychological scars and was
driven to self-destructive behaviour (including self-mutilation) in an attempt
to forget what the offender had done to her (at [11] and [17]).

(b) Azuar: The offender had surreptitiously administered stupefying drugs to
his victims (on the proceeded charges alone there were four victims, but there
were many charges taken into account) before raping them and filming the acts.
The offences were carefully, methodologically, and meticulously planned – the
offender was careful to avoid detection by using a pseudonym when he
introduced himself and would slip the drugs into his victims’ drinks in the
course of their conversations. The assaults were carried out over a 14 month
period.

(c) Public Prosecutor v Bala Kuppusamy [2009] SGHC 97 (“Bala Kuppusamy”): The
offender had robbed, violently assaulted, and sexually violated four different
women in the space of 1.5 months. He was charged with, among other things,
aggravated sexual penetration under s 376(4) of the 1985 Penal Code, which
carried the same punishment as aggravated rape. This was his third conviction
for a serious sexual offence (he had previously twice been convicted of
aggravated rape, reoffending shortly after release each time). Against the
third and fourth victims, multiple assaults were committed: he not only
molested them but also digitally penetrated the victims and forced them to
fellate him. He was assessed to have a high risk of recidivism and was
described in the judgment as a “merciless, marauding monster for whom liberty
is a licence to rob, rape or ruin the lives of innocent females” (at 29]). In
his interview with the prison psychiatrist, he expressed his belief that
“using physical violence is the fastest avenue in attaining submission” (at
[28]).

59 ABJ resembles AHB because of the length of time over which the rapes took
place, as well as the lasting harm caused to the victim’s well-being. However,
the reason why we think that ABJ crosses the threshold to Band 3 is because of
the extent of the degradation caused as well as the extreme youth of the
victim (she was just eight when the abuses started). This court described ABJ
as an “abhorrent case comprising a deliberate, systematic and remorseless
pattern of sexual assaults” (at [17]). The court also denounced the offender’s
conduct as “depraved and wanton” and stressed that it needed to receive the
greatest censure (at [20]). For these reasons, it was stressed that there was
a compelling public interest in meting out a severe sentence in the interest
of general deterrence (also at [20]).

60 Azuar and Bala Kuppusamy were both cases where the interest of specific
deterrence is particularly compelling, given the high risk of recidivism. The
former is chilling for the methodical way in which the offender managed to
perpetrate a string of abuses over a long period of time. The experts who took
the stand testified that the offender posed a “risk of serious sexual harm to
the public over an extended period of time and that psychiatric care or
treatment would not do much to help him” (see Azuar at [126]). The latter
involved an offender who embarked on what can only be described as a “campaign
of rape” (see Billam at 351E). The court observed that the offender posed a
“very grave danger to society” (see Bala Kuppusamy at [28]). Both cases gave
rise to grave judicial disquiet and should attract very substantial sentences
of imprisonment.

61 At this point, we reiterate that the identification of the appropriate band
is only a half-step. After identifying the appropriate band, the court has to
go on to identify precisely where along the range prescribed for the band a
particular sentence falls. This involves, as we have said, an evaluative
exercise in ascertaining the gravity of the aggravating factors which are
present. This exercise yields the “indicative starting point” for the offence.

The second step: calibration of the sentence

62 At the second step of the analysis, the court should have regard to the
“offender-specific” factors. At this point what we have to consider are those
aspects which relate to the personal circumstances of the offender – that is
to say, matters such as his character, personal attributes, expression of
remorse, or any other considerations which are particular to the offender
rather than factors relating to the manner and mode of the offending or the
harm caused by the offence. The court will have to decide what weight to place
on these factors and the effect that they will have on the indicative starting
point. It is possible that an adjustment beyond the sentencing range
prescribed for the band may be called for. However, clear and coherent reasons
should be set out if this is to be done. The court should explain clearly the
reasons and considerations that prompted such a departure to ensure that
transparency and consistency in sentencing, two of the main objectives of this
revised framework, can be preserved.

(1) The offender-specific factors

63 It is not possible to give an exhaustive catalogue of all relevant factors
nor do we need to, because the offender-specific factors which would generally
apply in cases of rape are, by and large, similar to those that would apply in
most other offences. We will confine ourselves only to the more common factors
and save for the subject of guilty pleas, which the parties addressed us on at
length, we do not propose to elaborate on the factors at length.

64 Some offender-specific aggravating factors include:

(a) Offences taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“TIC
offences”): While a court is not bound to increase a sentence merely because
there are TIC offences, it will normally do so where the TIC offences are of a
similar nature (see PP v UI at [38]).

(b) The presence of relevant antecedents: This is a well-established
aggravating factor. If the antecedent offence(s) was the same as that of the
proceeded charge, then considerations of specific deterrence may come to the
fore (see, eg, AHB at [54(g)] above).

(c) Evident lack of remorse: Such a conclusion may be drawn if, for example,
the offender had conducted his defence in an extravagant and unnecessary
manner, and particularly where scandalous allegations are made in respect of
the victim. In AHB, the offender not only failed to take responsibility, but
also blamed his wife, whom he said had withheld vaginal intercourse from him,
for his behaviour (at [21]).

65 Mitigating factors which are commonly considered include:

(a) Display of evident remorse: This can be demonstrated by, among other
things, cooperation with the police. In Public Prosecutor v Wang Jian Bin
[2011] SGHC 212 (“Wang Jian Bin”), the court gave the offender credit for
apologising after the incident, though it held that the mitigatory value of
this was somewhat attenuated by the medium used (he only sent a text message,
and did not apologise in person): at [28]. Remorse is also an important factor
to be considered when dealing with the mitigatory value of a plea of guilt, as
we shall soon discuss.

(b) Youth: In certain cases, the youth of the offender, and in turn his
rehabilitation, is a factor to be taken into consideration (see, eg, Wang Jian
Bin at [31]; Haliffie (CA) at [90])). However, the countervailing
consideration is that serious offences must be met with a condign punishment
in order to satisfy the needs for deterrence and retribution (see Al-Ansari at
[85]). Balancing the two opposing imperatives (ie, rehabilitation and
deterrence) requires an exercise of judgment.

(c) Advanced age: As explained in PP v UI at [78], the advanced age of an
offender is not generally a factor that warrants a sentencing discount.
However, there is no question that the imposition of substantial custodial
terms deprives the elderly of a larger fraction of their expectation of life.
This – a concern for the overall proportionality of punishment – and not the
age of the offender per se, is the real reason for affording leniency on
account of advanced age. As was the case in relation to youthful offenders,
the mitigating value of this must be balanced against the need to ensure that
older offenders are still be punished appropriately, in line with the gravity
of the offence committed.

(2) Pleas of guilt

66 We turn now to the subject of pleas of guilt, which formed a significant
part of the parties’ submissions. In Millberry at [27] and [28], the English
Court of Appeal identified three reasons why a court might reduce a sentence
on account of a plea of guilt: (a) the plea of guilt can be a subjective
expression of genuine remorse and contrition, which can be taken into account
as a personal mitigating factor; (b) it spares the victim the ordeal of having
to testify, thereby saving the victim the horror of having to re-live the
incident; and (c) it saves the resources of the State which would otherwise
have been expended if there were a trial: see also the decision of the New
Zealand Court of Appeal in R v Strickland [1989] 3 NZLR 47 at 51 per
Richardson J. Adopting the terminology used in Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v
Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 (“Angliss”) at [53], the first affords a
“remorse-based” justification for affording a sentencing discount for a plea
of guilt while the latter two present “utilitarian” justifications for doing
so. After an extensive discussion, Rajah J held that “only a remorse-based
approach… has any currency in the context of our current jurisprudence” (at
[56]). At [77], he stated the position as follows:

I summarise. A plea of guilt can be taken into consideration in mitigation
when it is motivated by genuine remorse, contriteness or regret and/or a
desire to facilitate the administration of justice. The mitigating effect
should also be compatible with the sentencing purpose(s) and principles the
sentencing judge is seeking to achieve and observe through the sentence. A
late plea of guilt may sometimes also be accorded some weight depending on the
continuum of relevant circumstances. This approach fortuitously also produces
tangible and utilitarian benefits. … [emphasis added]

67 This was also the position taken in PP v NF where Rajah J considered that
an early plea of guilt could be a mitigating factor, but only if it was
“indicative of genuine remorse” (see PP v NF at [57]). In PP v UI¸ this court
likewise held that a plea of guilt per se did not entitle an offender to a
sentencing discount. Instead, whether “an early plea of guilt [was] to be
given any mitigating value depends on whether it is indicative of genuine
remorse” (see PP v UI at [71]). Pointing to this, Mr Francis Ng (“Mr Ng”),
counsel for the Prosecution, and Mr Rajaram both argued in their written
submissions that it was settled law that a plea of guilt would not per se
entitle an offender to a sentencing discount unless it was motivated by
genuine remorse.

68 At the time they furnished us with their submissions, Mr Ng and Mr Rajaram
did not have the benefit of our decision in Chang Kar Meng v Public Prosecutor
[2017] SGCA 22 (“Chang Kar Meng”). There, we held that “offenders who plead
guilty to sexual offences, even in cases when the evidence against them is
compelling, ought ordinarily to be given at least some credit for having
spared the victim additional suffering” [emphasis in original] (at [47]). This
endorsement of the utilitarian justification (at least in the context of
sexual offending) is consistent with the position taken in previous decisions
of this court (see Frederick Chia at [20] and Fu Foo Tong and others v Public
Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“Fu Foo Tong”) at [13]) and with at least three
previous decisions of our High Court (see Public Prosecutor v Shamsul bin
Sa’at [2010] SGHC 132 at [38], Wang Jian Bin at [29], and PP v AOM at [41]).
It also accords with the approach taken in the United Kingdom (see R v Caley
and others (Consolidated Appeals) [2013] 177 JP 111 at [5]-[6]), New Zealand
(see Hessell at [45]), and in some Australian states (see Cameron v R (2002)
209 CLR 339 at [39]).

69 We think the principle of the matter is this. The criminal law exists not
only to punish and deter undesirable conduct, but also to (a) help the victims
of crime; (b) ensure that those suspected of crimes are dealt with fairly,
justly and with a minimum of delay; and (c) to achieve its aims in as
economical, efficient, and effective a manner as possible: see Chan Sek Keong,
“Rethinking the Criminal Justice System of Singapore for the 21st Century” in
The Singapore Conference: Leading the Law and Lawyers into the New Millennium
@ 2020 (Butterworths, 2000) at p 30. The utilitarian approach properly
reflects the contributions that a guilty plea makes to the attainment of these
wider purposes of the law. The consideration here is not just a matter of
dollars and cents. An important consideration here is the need to protect the
welfare of the victims (particularly victims of sexual crimes, whose needs the
law is particularly solicitous of) who must participate in the criminal
justice process (see Hessell at [45]; see also [40] above). It would be
consistent with the policy of the law in this regard to encourage genuine
pleas of guilt to be entered (instead of encouraging a guilty accused to
trying his luck by attempting to trip the victim up in her testimony), in
order that the trauma suffered by victims need not be amplified by having to
recount the incident in court.

70 However, we decline to follow the approach suggested by the UK Sentencing
Guidelines Council in a 2007 report (see Sentencing Guidelines Council,
Reduction in Sentence for a Guilty Plea Definitive Guideline,  (accessed 5 May
2017)), in setting prescribed sentencing discounts based on the timeliness of
the plea of guilt. We agree with the New Zealand Supreme Court that the
setting of fixed sentencing discounts does not allow the court to take into
account the many and varied reasons for which a plea of guilt is entered and
the effects it might have on the victim and the criminal justice process as a
whole (see Hessell at [62]). All of these form a complex web of inter-related
considerations that should be assessed in the round, and no one factor should
be singled out as being of particular significance. The point was well put by
Gleeson CJ in Wong v R where he wrote at [76] that to “attribute specific
numerical or proportionate value to some features, distorts the already
difficult exercise which the judge must perform”.

71 In the premises, we are of the view that the plea of guilt should be
assessed as one of the many offender-specific mitigating factors that should
be taken into account at the second step of the sentencing analysis. In
assessing the proper mitigatory weight to be given to a plea of guilt, the
sentencing court should have regard to the three Millberry justifications set
out at [66] above and consider the matter together with all the other
offender-specific factors in calibrating the sentence to fit the facts of the
case. In a case where a plea of guilt is entered timeously and is a clear
indication of contrition, it has been suggested that such a plea could warrant
a discount of as much as one-quarter to a third of what would otherwise be an
appropriate sentence (see Frederick Chia at [20]). At [71] of Chang Kar Meng,
we disapproved of such a broad proposition. We expressly observed that
whether, and if so, what discount should be accorded to an accused person who
pleaded guilty was a fact-sensitive matter that depended on multiple factors
(see also Fu Foo Tong at [12]–[13]). Moreover, in cases that were especially
grave and heinous, the sentencing considerations of retribution, general
deterrence and the protection of the public would inevitably assume great
importance, and these cannot be significantly displaced merely because the
accused had decided to plead guilty. It is impossible to be prescriptive about
this exercise and the discretion is one which must be exercised by the
sentencing court, acting judiciously and in the light of the principles we
have set out above. We would reiterate that, at the end of the day, the
fundamental principle of sentencing is that the punishment imposed must fit
both the crime and the offender.

Summary of the revised sentencing framework

72 The process we have described above should enable a sentencing court to
derive the appropriate sentence for each individual offence of rape. Where an
accused faces multiple charges, it may be necessary for the sentencing court
to recalibrate the sentences imposed for each offence by reason of the
totality principle (particularly since s 307(1) of the CPC mandates that a
court which convicts and sentences an offender to three or more sentences of
imprisonment must order the sentences for two of them to run consecutively).
In such a situation, it is important for the court to proceed sequentially: it
must first decide on the appropriate sentences for each offence (that is to
say, absent consideration of the totality principle) before deciding on the
adjustments that are required to be made to the individual sentences imposed
in the light of the totality principle. This was done in Azuar (at [133]) and
PP v AOM (at [47]). In our judgment, this promotes transparency and
consistency in sentencing. At [66] of Shouffee, Sundaresh Menon CJ explained
the point as follows:

… By stating explicitly that the individual sentence that would otherwise have
been imposed is being recalibrated by reason of the totality principle, the
sentencing judge not only demonstrates principled adherence to the applicable
sentencing benchmarks but also ensures that the integrity of those benchmarks
for the discrete offences is not affected by the recalibration that he has
done in the particular case that is before him by reason of the particular
facts and circumstances at hand. [emphasis in original]

73 To summarise, the revised framework which we are proposing is as follows:

(a) At the first step, the court should have regard to the offence-specific
factors in deciding which band the offence in question falls under. Once the
sentencing band, which defines the range of sentences which may usually be
imposed for an offence with those features, is identified, the court has to go
on to identify precisely where within that range the present offence falls in
order to derive an “indicative starting point”. In exceptional cases, the
court may decide on an indicative starting point which falls outside the
prescribed range, although cogent reasons should be given for such a decision.

(b) The sentencing bands prescribe ranges of sentences which would be
appropriate for contested cases and are as follows:

(i) Band 1 comprises cases at the lower end of the spectrum of seriousness
which attract sentences of 10–13 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the
cane. Such cases feature no offence-specific aggravating factors or are cases
where these factors are only present to a very limited extent and therefore
have a limited impact on sentence.

(ii) Band 2 comprises cases of rape of a higher level of seriousness which
attract sentences of 13–17 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.
Such cases would usually contain two or more offence-specific aggravating
factors (such as those listed at [44] above).

(iii) Band 3 comprises cases which, by reason of the number and intensity of
the aggravating factors, present themselves as extremely serious cases of
rape. They should attract sentences of between 17–20 years’ imprisonment and
18 strokes of the cane.

(c) At the second step, the court should have regard to the aggravating and
mitigating factors which are personal to the offender to calibrate the
sentence. These are factors which relate to the offender’s particular personal
circumstances and, by definition, cannot be the same factors which have
already been taken into account in determining the categorisation of the
offence. One of the factors which the court should consider at this stage is
the value of a plea of guilt (if any). The mitigating value of a plea of guilt
should be assessed in terms of (i) the extent to which it is a signal of
remorse; (ii) the savings in judicial resources; and (iii) the extent to which
it spared the victim the ordeal of testifying. Thus under our proposed
framework, while for the first step an uncontested case will proceed in the
same way as a contested case, it is at the second step that the appropriate
discount will be accorded by the court for the plea of guilt by the offender.

(d) The court should clearly articulate the factors it has taken into
consideration as well as the weight which it is placing on them. This applies
both at the second step of the analysis, when the court is calibrating the
sentence from the indicative starting point and at the end of the sentencing
process, when the court adjusts the sentence on account of the totality
principle. In this regard, we would add one further caveat. In a case where
the offender faces two or more charges, and the court is required to order one
or more sentences to run consecutively, the court can, if it thinks it
necessary, further calibrate the individual sentence to ensure that the global
sentence is appropriate and not excessive. When it does so, the court should
explain itself so that the individual sentence imposed will not be
misunderstood.

74 In deciding on the operative date for the application of this framework, we
have regard to the considerations set out in Public Prosecutor v Hue An Li
[2014] 4 SLR 661 at [124], where the court discussed the doctrine of
prospective overruling. After careful consideration, we are of the opinion
that this is not a case in which the doctrine should apply. Our reasons are as
follows. First, the Revised Framework does not effect a radical change in the
sentencing benchmarks. For the most part it seeks only to rationalise existing
judicial practice to promote a more systematic, coherent, consistent, and
transparent approach towards sentencing in this area (particularly for cases
of statutory rape: see [51] above). Secondly, as will be seen later, applying
the Revised Framework to the present case would not give rise to a higher
punishment to be imposed on the Appellant. In our judgment, the Revised
Framework should take effect immediately. With this, we turn to the appeal in
this case.

The law applied: the present appeal

75 The Appellant pleaded guilty in the court below to two proceeded charges,
both of which relate to sexual acts he engaged on two separate occasions with
a female who was then under 14 years of age (“the minor”). The first charge
was for rape under s 375(1)(b) of the Penal Code and punishable under s 375(2)
of the same (the “statutory rape charge”); the second was for the digital
penetration of the vagina of a person under 16 years of age, an offence under
s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal Code (the “digital penetration charge”). The
Appellant consented to having two further charges of rape committed against
the same minor taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“TIC
charges”). The first TIC charge related to sexual intercourse which took place
on the same occasion as the digital penetration charge while the second arose
out of sexual activity he engaged in with the minor a month later.

76 The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) sentenced the Appellant to 13 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the statutory rape charge and one
year’s imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for the digital penetration
charge. He ordered both sentences to run consecutively, resulting in an
aggregate sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment and 14 strokes of the cane. The
grounds of the Judge’s decision were published as Public Prosecutor v Ng Kean
Meng Terence [2015] SGHC 164 (“the GD”). At the first hearing of this appeal
on 7 July 2016, the Appellant informed us that he would neither be pursuing
the appeal against the sentence imposed for the digital penetration charge nor
would he be arguing that the Judge had erred in ordering the sentences for
both charges be run consecutively. Thus, the only issue before us is whether
the sentence imposed in respect of the statutory rape charge is manifestly
excessive.

77 Before we turn to the facts, we would like to make the following
observations. The Judge did not refer to precedents when imposing the sentence
for the digital penetration charge. While he recognised that the law
prescribed the same maximum punishment for the digital penetration charge as
that for rape, he noted at [26] that “the cases have consistently regarded
rape as being much more serious … than digital penetration” and that the
intrusion in the present case was only “for about 15 minutes”. For this
reason, he felt that one year’s imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for
that charge would be reasonable. No appeal has been taken by the Prosecution.
It seems to us that if the digital penetration charge were the only charge
brought against the Appellant in this case, the sentence imposed would have
been wholly inadequate. However, we will be dealing with the appropriate
benchmark sentence for such a charge in a case which we have heard very
recently (and in respect of which judgment has been reserved) so we shall say
no more.

The facts

78 At the material time, the Appellant was a 42 year old cobbler who operated
out of a makeshift stall in the vicinity of an MRT station in the west of
Singapore. He was divorced and lived in a Housing Development Board flat (“the
flat”) with his parents. The minor was 13 years old and she was a secondary 1
student. On 17 October 2013, the Appellant, having noticed that the minor had
been loitering around his stall, struck up a conversation with her during
which he learnt that she was afraid to return home for fear of punishment as
she had run away. The Appellant invited the minor to the flat and she accepted
the invitation. Nothing untoward happened on that day. After they arrived, the
appellant called the minor’s mother, who was ill at the time, and was informed
that the minor had run away from home on multiple occasions in the past (and
stayed away for extended periods of time). Upon hearing this, the Appellant
offered to take care of the minor and to act as her godfather. The minor’s
mother agreed to this, as did the minor’s father and the minor herself.

79 The minor began meeting the Appellant daily at his stall. They would talk
late into the evening and the Appellant would send the minor home afterwards.
There were days when the minor would spend the evening at the Appellant’s
flat. The Appellant knew that the victim was only 13 years old at the time but
despite this, he began to be sexually attracted to her. On 29 October 2013,
the Appellant returned to his flat with the minor where they found themselves
alone. The minor informed the Appellant that she was experiencing stomach pain
and the latter offered to apply some ointment to ease the discomfort. The
minor agreed. After the Appellant had applied the ointment, he asked the minor
if she would like to have sexual intercourse and she agreed. They proceeded to
the toilet where they both removed their shorts and the Appellant digitally
penetrated the minor’s vagina for 15 minutes. This was their first sexual
encounter and it formed the subject matter of the digital penetration charge.

80 Sometime in the month of November 2013, the Appellant and the minor once
again found themselves alone in the flat. The Appellant invited the minor to
enter his bedroom and she did. While they were there, the Appellant “decided
to determine if the [minor] wished to have sexual intercourse with him.” He
did so by touching the minor’s right thigh and by unbuttoning her shorts. The
minor responded by removing her shorts and lowering her panties, whereupon
they were removed by the Appellant. They then had unprotected penile-vaginal
intercourse for about 10 minutes. This gave rise to the statutory rape charge.

81 The minor’s mother passed away on 9 December 2013. After that, the minor’s
father directed that the minor cease all contact with the Appellant. The
Statement of Facts (“SOF”) did not detail the reasons for this decision save
to say that the minor complied. On 7 February 2014, the minor filed a police
report in which she stated that she had sexual intercourse with a Chinese male
individual three times. The Appellant was arrested shortly afterwards. In the
course of investigations, the Appellant was assessed by a psychiatrist from
the Institute of Mental Health as being of sound mind and fit to plead in
court.

The Judge’s decision

82 In the court below, counsel for the Appellant (who was not Mr Singh) urged
the court to impose a sentence of less than seven years’ imprisonment for the
statutory rape charge (see the GD at [20]). His essential point was that there
were no aggravating factors, stressing that that the minor was sexually
experienced, had consented to the acts of intercourse, and did not appear to
have suffered as a result of the offences. While the Appellant was identified
as the minor’s “godfather”, it was submitted that this did not indicate any
formal relationship of dependency or trust and that the parties’ relationship
was merely platonic. Emphasis was also laid on the fact that the minor came
and left as she pleased (at [18]–[19]). Pointing to all of these factors,
counsel for the Appellant contended that the starting point for the statutory
rape charge should be a term of 10 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the
cane which ought then to be reduced by a further third owing to the
appellant’s plea of guilt (at [17]).

83 These arguments were not accepted by the Judge. In relation to the argument
based on consent, he held that as a matter of legislative policy, the consent
of a minor was not a mitigating factor save in “exceptional cases”, such as
where the offender and victim were very close in age, which was not the case
here (at [8]). Instead, the Judge held that the minor’s consent was relevant
only insofar as it constituted the absence of an aggravating factor – that is,
that intercourse was not procured through coercion (at [23]). The minor’s
prior sexual experience, the Judge held, was entirely irrelevant. At [24], he
stressed that “the law does not countenance that men who have sex with sexual
experienced minors have committed less serious offences”.

84 However, the Judge gave the Appellant credit for pleading guilty. Further,
the Judge noted that while the Appellant had a number of criminal antecedents,
these related to property offences he had committed more than a decade ago,
when the Appellant was much younger and were not germane to the present
offences. Thus, the Judge did not take them into account (at [22]). He agreed
with the Prosecution that this was a case which fell “between a Category 1 and
Category 2 rape [of the NF Framework]”. Bearing in mind the two other
statutory rape charges which were taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing, the Judge held that a sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane would be appropriate (at [25]).

Analysis

85 Before we proceed to apply the new sentencing framework which we have
canvassed above, we would clarify that we are performing this exercise de novo
for illustrative purposes. This is, of course, an appeal, and the grounds for
appellate intervention are limited. For this reason, the fact that an
application of the new framework to the present case would yield a different
result from that reached by the Judge cannot be a ground for disturbing the
sentence imposed, so long as it is not manifestly excessive or otherwise wrong
in principle.

86 We begin with the first step. There are two offence-specific aggravating
factors which call out for attention here: (a) vulnerability of the victim and
(b) the evidence that there had been an abuse of trust. From the brief
recitation of the facts set out in the SOF, it is clear that the minor grew up
in challenging circumstances. We say this for three reasons: first, the minor,
then only 13, had already run away from home on several occasions for extended
periods of time; second, it is implicit that the minor’s mother was quite ill
– she passed away soon after the offences were committed – and was probably
unable to exert any meaningful form of parental control over the minor; and
third, the minor did not spend very much time at home, as evinced by the fact
that she was able to spend extended periods of time at the Appellant’s flat.
The overall picture which emerged was thus one of aching vulnerability. It was
in these circumstances that the Appellant came into the minor’s life. He came
putatively to act as a “godfather”. Initially, this was all that he was. For
the first few days, he would allow her to accompany him at his stall and would
chat with her throughout the day, before taking her back to her home
afterwards. Before long, however, he developed “an attraction for her”, and
that precipitated the commission of the present offences

87 Before us, Mr Singh submitted that the Judge had erred in finding that
there was an abuse of trust. He pointed out that the Appellant and minor had
only known each other for two weeks prior to their first sexual encounter and
argued that there was nothing on the facts that suggested that the minor
depended on the Appellant as a child would depend on a parent. Echoing the
arguments made in the court below, he pointed out that the minor came and went
as she pleased and did not depend on the Appellant for food, shelter or
guidance. The true picture, he said, was that the minor viewed the Appellant
as “someone more like a friend that she felt on the same level with”. While Mr
Singh accepted that the Appellant had admitted to being the minor’s
“godfather”, he urged us to “look past the nomenclature used”, contending that
the Appellant was only a godfather in name and that their relationship was
“merely platonic”.

88 With respect, we cannot accept this submission. The Appellant had been
allowed unrestricted access to the minor with the express consent of her
parents only because he undertook to act as her “godfather” and promised to
“take care” of her (see [78] above). This was a position he secured by
promising the minor’s mother that he would “take care of her and bring her for
various activities”. Seen in this light, the commission of the offences (which
took place after the Appellant initiated sexual contact) was not just an abuse
of the trust reposed in him, but a complete abnegation of his duty to act in
loco parentis. To be fair, there is no evidence that he had deliberately
sought out the position of godfather in order to commit the offences (which
would have made the situation even more aggravated), but even as things stand,
it is plain the relationship was not “merely platonic” as Mr Singh claimed,
but familial.

89 Taking this into consideration, this seems like a case which falls at the
margin of Band 1 and Band 2, and we think it is more of a case at the lower
end of the Band 2. We would regard the infringement in this case as serious
because of the clear abuse of position and trust. However, it is not as
serious as the cases of Benjamin Sim, where the offences were premeditated
(see [54(b)] and [55] above), and PP v AOM, which was a serious case of
familial rape where the victim suffered significant harm (see [54(e)] above).
Considering matters in the round, it seems to us that this is a case in which
an indicative starting sentence of 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane, which is at the lowest end of the Band 2, would be appropriate.

90 We move to the second step. The most significant offender-specific
aggravating factor is the fact that there are two further charges of statutory
rape which have been taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.
According to established principles, this will almost invariably result in an
increase in the sentence imposed (see [64(a)] above). We agree with the Judge
that the Appellant’s antecedents, being unrelated and of some vintage (those
were offences he committed nearly 17 years ago, when he was a young man)
should not be held against him. As for the mitigating factors, the most
significant is the fact that he pleaded guilty. We are not disposed to accept
Mr Singh’s submission that he had done so out of remorse. As pointed out by Mr
Ng, the Appellant has consistently tried to downplay his responsibility for
the offence. In his interview with the Prison psychiatrist, he attempted to
push responsibility for the offence onto the victim by saying that she had
initiated the sexual encounter. While he did not repeat these allegations
before the Judge, he had tried to argue what had happened was the result of an
“unexpected momentary loss of self-control”, even though the fact that there
were two other charges of statutory rape (both of which related to sexual
activity with the minor on different occasions) puts paid to this contention.
However, we accept Mr Singh’s contention that a sentencing discount should be
afforded to him in recognition of the fact that the Appellant’s decision to
plead guilty had spared the minor the ordeal of having to testify.

91 As for the weight to be ascribed to the plea of guilt, we accept Mr
Rajaram’s suggestion that a discount of about 10% would be due. When this
figure was put to Mr Ng during the hearing, he accepted that this was fair.
However, considering that an uplift is warranted on account of the TIC
charges, we consider that the offender-specific factors cancel each other out.
Thus the proper sentence that should be imposed on the Appellant would still
be 13 years and 12 strokes of the cane, which was the sentence imposed by the
court below.

Conclusion

92 For the foregoing reasons, we consider that the sentence imposed by the
Judge for the statutory rape charge was entirely appropriate and that there is
no basis for appellate intervention. We therefore dismiss the appeal.

93 It remains for us to record our deep appreciation to Mr Ng, Mr Singh, and
to Mr Rajaram, for the invaluable assistance which they have rendered to the
court in this appeal. This is the second time that Mr Rajaram has been invited
to act as amicus curiae, and as was the case on the first occasion, his
submissions were clear, comprehensive, and succinct.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Subir Singh Grewal and Jasmin Kang  
(Aequitas Law LLP) for the appellant;  
Francis Ng SC, Charlene Tay Chia, Yvonne Poon, Sarah Shi,  
Randeep Singh Koonar and Torsten Cheong  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent;  
Rajaram Vikram Raja (Drew & Napier LLC) as amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

