Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 212

Suit No 387 of 2015

Between

(1)| Poh Fu Tek  
---|---  
(2)| Koh Seng Lee  
(3)| Sino Bio Energy Pte Ltd  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Lee Shung Guan  
---|---  
(2)| Tenda Equipment & Services Pte Ltd  
(3)| Biofuel Industries Pte Ltd  
  
… Defendants

Grounds of decision

[Companies] — [oppression] — [minority shareholders]

[Companies] — [oppression] — [purchase of shares] — [valuation of shares]

[Civil procedure] — [offer to settle] — [late offer]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Poh Fu Tek and others

  

v

  

Lee Shung Guan and others

[2017] SGHC 212

High Court — Suit No 387 of 2015  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
20–23, 27–29 September, 4–7 October 2016; 20 February; 3 July 2017

25 August 2017

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs bring this action against the first and second defendants
seeking relief from oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The oppression is said to arise from the manner in which
the first and second defendants have conducted the affairs of the third
defendant, Biofuel Industries Pte Ltd (“Biofuel”). The plaintiffs claim that
they are entitled to relief because the first and second defendants allotted
shares in Biofuel to an entity related to the first defendant without giving
the plaintiffs an opportunity to take up shares to avoid dilution of their
shareholding. The result is that the plaintiffs’ minority shareholding in
Biofuel has been diluted from 25% to under 3%.

2 As matters have turned out, there is no longer any real issue as to whether
the plaintiffs are entitled to a remedy under s 216 or even as to the nature
of the remedy. It is common ground that the plaintiffs were oppressed and that
I should, as a result, order the first and second defendants to buy the
plaintiffs’ shares in Biofuel. The only real issue which remains is the
question of valuation. The plaintiffs say that their shares should be valued
at $3.47 per share. The defendants say that the plaintiffs’ shares are
effectively worthless.

3 Having considered and analysed the parties’ submissions and evidence, and in
particular the expert evidence from both parties, I find that the value of the
plaintiffs’ shares in Biofuel, rounded off to two decimal places, is $1.86 per
share. The first and second defendant will therefore have to purchase the
plaintiffs’ 1,666,667 shares in Biofuel at a total price of $3.1m,
disregarding fractions of a dollar.

4 I have arrived at a value of $1.86 per share by taking the value ascribed to
each share in Biofuel by the plaintiffs’ expert in his final report and making
the adjustments to that value which I consider justified by the evidence, and
in particular the evidence of the defendants’ expert. In brief, I have
adjusted the plaintiffs’ expert’s value to take into account two risks which I
find he failed to consider adequately. First, I have adjusted his value to
take proper account of the risk that Biofuel may not be able to remain
indefinitely at the premises from which it now conducts its key operations.
Second, I have adjusted it to take proper account of the risk that Biofuel may
not be able to continue its business relationship with a particular
significant client in the Philippines. I have made these adjustments by
modifying the discount rate and the discount factors applicable under the
plaintiffs’ expert’s valuation.

5 I now set out the full reasons for my decision, beginning with the factual
background to the parties’ dispute. This background will include only a
summary of my findings on oppression. The details of the oppression have
little consequence of the valuation exercise which is now the central issue
before me.

Background

6 Biofuel’s business is collecting and processing wood waste. The first
defendant is today Biofuel’s sole director and majority shareholder. However,
Biofuel was initially a wholly-owned subsidiary of the second defendant
(“Tenda”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Goh Teik Liang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 8 August 2016 at para 8.

Tenda has, in turn, always been wholly owned and controlled by the first
defendant’s family. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016 at paras
8–9.

7 The first and second plaintiffs made their investments in Biofuel by being
allotted new shares in Biofuel. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Goh Teik Liang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 8 August 2016 at paras
21 and 24.

The result of these investments was that in 2014, just before the acts of
oppression which triggered this action, Tenda held 75% of Biofuel and the
plaintiffs held 25%. In early 2015, Tenda transferred all of its shares in
Biofuel to the first defendant. The first defendant thereby became and remains
to date the majority shareholder of Biofuel.

8 The circumstances in which the plaintiffs first invested in Biofuel are as
follows. In 2007, Biofuel was in negotiations with a listed Indonesian company
called PT Medco Energi Internasional Tbk (“PT Medco”) to agree the terms of a
joint venture to build a biomass power plant in Singapore. At the same time, a
creditor applied to wind up Biofuel based on an unpaid debt of about $1m. PT
Medco required Biofuel to address the winding up application before any joint
venture could proceed.

9 Biofuel was therefore looking for an investor to inject fresh capital to
allow it to stave off the winding up application. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Goh Teik Liang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 8 August 2016 at para
18.

The first and second plaintiffs were approached. They agreed to invest in
Biofuel in the hope of a successful joint venture with PT Medco. In January
2008, they entered into a share subscription agreement under which each of
them subscribed for 300,000 new shares in Biofuel at $1.67 per share. The
share subscription agreement also included an anti-dilution clause. The
concern at that time was that certain parties who were brokering Biofuel’s
potential joint venture with PT Medco may be issued shares in Biofuel. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Goh Teik Liang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 8 August 2016 at para
22.

Biofuel used the proceeds of the share subscription to repay the creditor who
had applied to wind them up. The winding up application was withdrawn.

10 In February 2008, Biofuel ran into financial difficulties again. Biofuel
solicited a further investment from the first and second plaintiffs. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Goh Teik Liang’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 8 August 2016 at paras
28–29.

They were still concerned that their shares might be diluted. This time, the
concern was that certain debts which Biofuel then owed Tenda might be
converted to equity. The first defendant assured the first and second
plaintiffs that this would not happen. As a result, they subscribed for a
further 1,066,667 shares in Biofuel at $0.94 per share, yielding a total
consideration of $1m. This time, they used the third plaintiff, Sino Bio
Energy Pte Ltd (“Sino Bio”), as the vehicle to hold these additional 1,066,667
shares. The first and second plaintiffs were and remain equal shareholders of
Sino Bio.

11 The global financial crisis in 2008 meant that Biofuel’s joint venture with
PT Medco did not materialise. From 2008 to 2009, Biofuel faced further demands
from creditors to repay substantial debts. The plaintiffs and Tenda extended
loans to Biofuel to allow it to repay those debts. One of these loans was a
loan of $1m pursuant to a convertible loan agreement (“CLA”) dated 25 November
2008. Under this agreement, Biofuel took on an express obligation to keep Sino
Bio informed on a regular basis of Biofuel’s financial situation and business
prospects. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 dated 13 September 2016 at pp 154, 158 and
160.

12 The parties had an understanding that Tenda’s loan to Biofuel would not be
converted to equity without the plaintiffs’ consent. This understanding is
reflected in cl 4.1.2 of a Deed of Arrangement which the parties executed in
July 2011. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 dated 13 September 2016 at p 239.

Additionally, Article 41 of Biofuel’s Articles of Association requires the
first defendant, as a director of Biofuel, to notify the plaintiffs in writing
of the opportunity to subscribe for more shares in Biofuel before any shares
could be issued to Tenda. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 dated 13 September 2016 at p 31.

Biofuel expressly acknowledged that it owed this obligation to the plaintiffs
in cl 3.1 of an agreement between Biofuel and Tenda dated 1 August 2014 which
governed Biofuel’s issuance of 51m shares to Tenda. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 821.

13 By virtue of these agreements and understandings, the plaintiffs had a
legitimate expectation that: (a) they would be invited to participate in any
new issue of shares in Biofuel; and (b) their shareholding would not be
unfairly diluted. These expectations, taken together with the anti-dilution
clauses in the first and second plaintiffs’ share subscription agreements, the
first defendant’s oral assurances to the plaintiffs, and Biofuel’s obligations
under the CLA dated 25 November 2008, subjected Biofuel to equitable
considerations which made it unfair for those conducting its affairs –
principally the first defendant – to rely on their strict legal powers and
rights to defeat those expectations: Lim Kok Wah and others v Lim Boh Yong and
others and other matters [2015] 5 SLR 307 at [102]. Yet, after Biofuel became
profitable in 2012, the defendants did just that.

14 On 29 July 2014, an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of Biofuel’s
members took place. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss three
resolutions which the first defendant had proposed. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at pp 810–811.

One resolution was to approve a transfer of all of Tenda’s 75% shareholding in
Biofuel to himself. Another resolution proposed to issue Tenda a substantial
quantity of new shares by way of discharging the substantial debts owed by
Biofuel to Tenda. The final resolution approved the impairment in Biofuel’s
accounts of a number of its significant assets. The intended effect of the
impairment was to depress Biofuel’s net asset value so as to maximise the
number of new shares to be issued to Tenda in discharge of its debt.

15 Realising that their shares were about to be diluted, the plaintiffs
offered to sell their 1,666,667 shares to the defendants for a total price of
$2m (at $1.20 per share) before the resolutions were put to a vote. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 840.

The first defendant rejected this offer.

16 The first defendant, holding Tenda’s proxy, pushed the resolutions through.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Certified Transcript dated 28 September 2016, Day 6, p 35 at lines 1–3.

The dominant purpose in all this was to dilute the plaintiffs’ shareholding.
While dilution is not in itself oppressive (Margaret Chew, Minority
Shareholders’ Rights and Remedies (LexisNexis, 2nd ed, 2007) (“Margaret Chew”)
at p 199), the plaintiffs had a legitimate expectation that their shares would
not be diluted unfairly (see [13] above). The first defendant’s conduct
breached this expectation. It therefore amounted to oppressive conduct within
the meaning of s 216 of the Act: Re Cumana Ltd [1986] BCLC 430 at 435c; Over &
Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (“Over & Over”)
at [76].

17 Significantly, there was no commercial justification for these
transactions. The first defendant said at the EGM that the impairment of the
assets and the debt-for-equity swap were needed to raise capital for an urgent
redevelopment project to house Biofuel’s wood waste (“the Project”) to meet
pollution control standards imposed by the National Environmental Agency
(“NEA”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 839; Richard
Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in Chief dated 10 August 2016 at p 221, p 228
at para 3(n), and p 242.

But the plaintiffs have demonstrated that there was in fact no such urgency in
July 2014. Indeed, even as of April 2016, when the plaintiffs visited
Biofuel’s premises with their expert witness, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 49 at
para 4.9.

no such redevelopment had even commenced. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 133.

Further, the first and second defendants did not consider any alternative
method for raising the necessary capital which would not dilute the
plaintiffs’ shareholding. This is confirmatory evidence that their dominant
purpose in proposing and passing these resolutions was to dilute the
plaintiffs’ shareholding: Over & Over at [109].

18 The plaintiffs received the minutes of the EGM only in August 2014. As a
minority, they could do nothing more than record their disagreement with the
resolutions and ask in vain for a further EGM to be held. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 828.

Importantly, at no point before, during or after the EGM did the first
defendant give the plaintiffs any opportunity to subscribe for sufficient
shares to prevent their shareholding being diluted. He has since accepted that
this was a breach of Article 41 of Biofuel’s Articles and cl 3.1 of the
agreement dated 1 August 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Certified Transcript dated 28 September 2016, Day 6, p 13 at lines 23–25 and p
16 at lines 7–12.

19 Within days, the first and second defendants began implementing the
resolutions passed at the EGM. In August 2014, Tenda and Biofuel entered into
an agreement under which Biofuel agreed to allot and issue 51,905,720 new
shares to Tenda at $0.05 per share for a total consideration of $2,595,286. In
exchange, Tenda accepted the shares as discharging in full the debt of
$2,595,286 which Biofuel owed Tenda. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at pp 818–827.

In September 2014, Biofuel duly allotted and issued the 51,905,720 new shares
to Tenda. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 1177.

That diluted the plaintiffs’ shareholding from 25% to 2.84%. Also in September
2014, Tenda transferred its original 5,000,000 shares to the first defendant.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at pp 833–834.

Finally, in January 2015, Tenda transferred the remaining 51,905,720 shares to
the first defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at pp 882–883.

The first defendant thus became the direct holder of 97.15% of Biofuel’s
shares.

20 The evolution in Biofuel’s shareholding which I have just described is
summarised in the following table adapted from the plaintiffs’ closing
submissions. In this table, “Lee” refers to the first defendant while “Poh”
and “Koh” refer to the first and second plaintiffs respectively.

| Number of shares held (%)|  
---|---|---  
| Tenda| Lee| Poh| Koh| Sino Bio| Total  
Before the investment in 2007| 5,000,000 (100%)| 0| 0| 0| 0| 5,000,000  
After the investment in 2007| 5,000,000 (89.29%)| 0| 300,000 (5.36%)| 300,000
(5.36%)| 0| 5,600,000  
After the investment in 2008| 5,000,000 (75%)| 0| 300,000 (4.5%)| 300,000
(4.5%)| 1,066,667 (16%)| 6,666,667  
1 Sep 2014| 56,905,720 (97.15%)| 0| 300,000 (0.51%)| 300,000 (0.51%)|
1,066,667 (1.82%)| 58,572,587  
6 Sep 2014| 51,905,720 (88.62%)| 5,000,000 (8.54%)| 300,000 (0.51%)| 300,000
(0.51%)| 1,066,667 (1.82%)| 58,572,587  
26 Jan 2015| 0| 56,905,720 (97.15%)| 300,000 (0.51%)| 300,000 (0.51%)|
1,066,667 (1.82%)| 58,572,587  
  
21 In January 2015, by a letter before action, the plaintiffs complained to
the defendants formally of a breach of s 216 of the Act. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016 at pp
323–333.

In February 2015, the defendants responded by belatedly offering to purchase
the plaintiffs’ shares at $0.05 per share. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016, p 342 at
para 57.

The plaintiffs rejected the offer. This offer has no bearing on the first and
second defendants’ liability under s 216 of the Act. As the plaintiffs
correctly submit, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 92.

an offer to buy a minority’s shares which is not a reasonable offer will not
operate to negate prior acts of oppression: Lim Swee Khiang and another v
Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others [2005] 4 SLR(R) 141 at [97]. This offer was
clearly not a reasonable offer, not least because it was, as I find, at a deep
discount to the true value of the plaintiffs’ shares.

22 In the circumstances, I find that the first defendant’s conduct amounted to
a visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation of the
conditions of fair play which the plaintiffs as shareholders of Biofuel were
entitled to expect: Over & Over at [77]. He engaged in that conduct as a
director of Biofuel and is therefore personally liable for its consequences.
In addition, he engaged in that conduct also as the controlling mind and will
of Biofuel’s majority shareholder, Tenda. That conduct is therefore
attributable to Tenda, making Tenda liable for its consequences. The result is
a finding that the first defendant and the second defendant are jointly and
severally liable to the plaintiffs for the consequences of conducting the
affairs of Biofuel in a manner oppressive to the plaintiffs. I find that the
following specific acts amounted to oppression within the meaning of s 216 of
the Act:

(a) The first defendant’s act as director of Biofuel in formulating a scheme
to dilute significantly the plaintiffs’ shareholding and convening an EGM to
implement the scheme;

(b) Tenda’s passing of the three resolutions at the EGM on 29 July 2014 and
the first defendant’s participation in that with the intention to dilute
significantly the plaintiffs’ shareholding;

(c) The first defendant’s failure as director of Biofuel to invite the
plaintiffs to participate in the allotment of shares approved at the July 2014
EGM in order to maintain their shareholding, which is a breach of Article 41
of Biofuel’s Articles; and

(d) Biofuel’s allotment and issue of 51,905,720 new shares to Tenda in
September 2014, carried out in order to dilute the plaintiffs’ 25%
shareholding to 2.84%.

23 This leaves me now to consider the plaintiffs’ remedy.

Issues to be determined

24 It is common ground that the appropriate remedy for the plaintiffs is for
me to exercise my power under s 216(2)(d) of the Act and order the first and
second defendants to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares in Biofuel. I agree. The
plaintiffs should not be compelled to keep its capital locked in a company
controlled by a majority shareholder who has betrayed the plaintiffs’ trust:
Over & Over at [131]. The plaintiffs equally should not be made to choose
between having their shareholding unfairly diluted and selling their
shareholding at what I find to be a gross undervalue. That is the dilemma
which the defendants presented to the plaintiffs by their belated offer of a
buy-out in February 2015 (see [21] above): Lian Hwee Choo Phebe and another v
Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd and others and another suit [2010]
SGHC 268 at [118]. Accordingly, the defendants should now be ordered to
purchase the plaintiffs’ shareholding.

25 The only remaining issue before me now is to determine the price at which
the defendants should be ordered to buy the plaintiffs’ shares. I have before
me three reports prepared by the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Richard Hayler, and
two reports prepared by the defendants’ expert Mr Timothy Reid. These reports
address the value of shares in Biofuel at or around the date of the EGM. Some
arguments have been made as to the time at which the reports were produced
(see [95] and [148] below). I therefore set out the details of the reports
very briefly here:

(a) Mr Hayler’s first report is dated 5 May 2016. Its purpose is to answer a
set of questions, which are financial or accounting in nature, concerning the
first and second defendants’ conduct in relation to Biofuel. The report values
Biofuel’s shares at $1.50 to $1.65 per share without a discount for non-
marketability. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 26 at
para 1.43.

(b) Mr Reid’s first report is dated 10 June 2016. Its purpose is to critique
Mr Hayler’s report and to assess Biofuel’s market value. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016, p 19 at
para 7.

It gives Biofuel’s shares a nil value. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016, p 22 at
para 23.

(c) Mr Hayler’s second report is dated 8 July 2016. Its purpose is to respond
to Mr Reid’s first report. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 763 at
para 1.3.

Mr Hayler does not depart from his valuation in his first report, although he
does say that certain information in Mr Reid’s first report has led him to
believe that his original valuation was an underestimate: see [96] below.

(d) Mr Hayler’s third report is dated 27 September 2016 and was served on the
defendants on the same date. Its purpose is to set out a modified valuation of
Biofuel’s market value in the light of new information which came to the
plaintiffs. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September
2016, p 1 at paras 3–4.

It values Biofuel’s shares at $3.47 per share without a discount for non-
marketability. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September
2016, p 7 at para 36.

(e) Mr Reid’s second report is dated 1 October 2016 and was served on the
plaintiffs on the same date. Its purpose is to respond to Mr Hayler’s third
report. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016, p
1 at para 1.

It again gives Biofuel’s shares a nil value. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016, p
9 at para 67.

26 Although this evidence was adduced as part of the parties’ cases on
liability under s 216 of the Act, it is common ground that I may use this
evidence to determine the fair value of the plaintiffs’ shares. I now set out
the applicable principles before analysing that evidence.

Purchase price

Applicable principles

27 The valuation exercise is governed by a handful of principles which can be
gleaned from the cases. The overriding principle for determining the purchase
price for a buy-out order under s 216(2)(d) of the Act is that the price
should be a “fair value” for the plaintiffs’ shareholding. Subject to this,
value will ordinarily be a matter of expert evidence. But the court must not
defer too readily to expert evidence. First, the court must assess for itself
the reasonableness of an expert’s opinion against the criteria of fact and
logic. This will sometimes require the court to go deeper into the technical
basis upon which the expert valuation has been performed and to consider
whether that basis for valuation has been applied using assumptions which are
reasonable and justified by the facts. Second, the court must bear in mind the
statutory purpose behind its powers under s 216(2). That purpose is to remedy
or to bring to an end the oppression suffered by a successful plaintiff. The
court therefore has the necessary degree of flexibility to adjust an expert’s
value to arrive at a value which is fair and just in the particular
circumstances of the case, even if those adjustments do not accord with strict
accounting principles.

28 I will now elaborate on these principles.

Fair value and expert evidence

29 The most important and commonly granted remedy under s 216(2) of the Act is
an order for the plaintiffs’ shares to be purchased. The power to make this
order is conferred expressly by s 216(2)(d), which states:

(2) If on such application the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established the Court may, with a view to bringing an end or
remedying the matters complained of, make such order as it thinks fit and,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the order may —

…

(d) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself; …

30 The principal virtue of this order is that the plaintiff can realise the
value of his interest in the company without having the company wound up. The
purchaser ex hypothesi receives fair value in exchange for the price paid:
Robin Hollington QC, Hollington on Shareholders’ Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th
ed, 2013) (“Hollington”) at para 8-44; Margaret Chew at p 236. In this regard,
the remedial distinction between a share purchase order and a winding up order
is illustrated by the contrast between the width of the court’s powers when it
considers an application for an order under s 216(2) and the narrowness of its
powers when it considers an application to wind up a company on just and
equitable grounds. As Mummery J (as he then was) explained in Re a Company (No
00314 of 1989), ex parte Estate Acquisition and Development Ltd and others
[1991] BCLC 154 at 161f:

Under ss 459 to 461 [of the English Companies Act 1985] the court is not,
therefore, faced with a death sentence decision dependent on establishing just
and equitable grounds for such a decision. The court is more in the position
of a medical practitioner presented with a patient who is alleged to be
suffering from one or more ailments which can be treated by an appropriate
remedy applied during the course of the continuing life of the company.

31 The width of the court’s powers under s 216(2) serves to accommodate the
limitless varieties of possible oppressive behaviour and the need for the
court to achieve justice in the particular circumstances of individual cases:
Re Bodaibo Pty Ltd (1992) 6 ACSR 509 at 515. That width goes beyond the terms
of the share purchase order and the manner in which the value of the shares is
to be assessed: In re Bird Precision Bellows Ltd [1986] Ch 658 (“Bird”) at
669E. Accordingly, the Court of Appeal has said that that determination need
not be in accordance with “strict accounting principles”, because the role of
the court is “merely to determine a price that is fair and just in the
particular circumstances of the case”: Yeo Hung Khiang v Dickson Investments
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [1999] 1 SLR(R) 773 (“Yeo Hung Khiang”) at
[72]. The overriding principle is that the price should be “fair, just and
equitable as between the parties”, and the court’s discretion is “otherwise
unfettered”: Koh Keng Chew and others v Liew Kit Fah and others [2017] SGHC 52
(“Koh Keng Chew”) at [5].

32 Subject to this overriding principle, the value of a plaintiff’s shares
will usually be a matter of expert evidence. In some cases, the court’s
determination of what is fair, just and equitable is contained in the terms of
reference framed by the court for an independent valuer: see, eg, Lim Swee
Khiang and another v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd and others [2006] 4 SLR(R) 745 at
[92]; Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and others [2010] 2 SLR 209 at
[150]. In other cases, the court may take the price which an independent
valuer has arrived at and make adjustments to it out of considerations of
fairness, justice or equity: see eg, Yeo Hung Khiang at [73]. And in yet other
cases, the court will be faced with conflicting expert evidence adduced by the
parties as to the value of the shares. These are the most difficult cases. The
court must take a substantive view on conflicting expert evidence, which
inevitably involves undertaking an analysis of a technical and mathematical
nature: see eg, Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management
Pte Ltd and another [2007] SGHC 50 at [361] (albeit in the context of
assessment of damages). Whereas “strict accounting principles” do not in
themselves determine the purchase price, it is often necessary to understand
and analyse those accounting principles in order properly to evaluate the
parties’ submissions on the expert evidence.

33 In addition, while the valuation of shares is a wide and specialist
subject, the temptation to defer too readily to the expertise of share valuers
must be resisted because there are questions of law and principle involved:
Hollington at para 8-128. These questions include whether the court should
order a discount for a minority shareholding, whether the court should provide
allowances for the consequences of oppressive or unfairly prejudicial conduct
and how the court should fix the appropriate date of valuation (which I
address at [50] below). The answers to these questions are legal in nature,
driven by the statutory aim of bringing an end to or remedying the
consequences of the oppression: s 216(2) of the Act.

34 Moreover, it is the court’s duty to assess the reasonableness of an
expert’s opinion by considering whether it is logical in its own context,
whether it is justified by the facts on which it is based, and whether it is
compromised by any other evidence including an opposing opinion: Jeffrey
Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (5th ed, LexisNexis, 2015) at
para 8.052; JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm) [2007] 4
SLR(R) 460 at [51].

35 An expert’s opinion on the value of shares is no exception to this general
principle. The court must bring a critical eye to bear on all aspects of the
opinion, even on the technical formulae applied by the expert to arrive at a
conclusion. In Singapore Finance v Lim Kah Ngam (S’pore) Pte Ltd (Eugene HL
Chan Associates, third party) [1983-1984] SLR(R) 403, Lai Kew Chai J had to
assess conflicting expert evidence on whether excavation works had caused
cracks to a neighbouring building. He put the matter this way (at [33]):

My approach in evaluating the conflicting experts’ evidence is to examine the
scientific grounds and basis, on which they rely, in connection with: (a) the
permeability of the first stratum of the soil in the vicinity; (b) the
applicability of the Rankine formula and Teng formula relating to sheet pile
failure and the occurrence of base heave; (c) the behaviour of underground
water in the dewatering process; and (d) the nature of the plaintiff’s
building and foundation and the effect on them of any ground settlement. Where
the opinion of the expert is based on reports of facts and empirical
observations, I have endeavoured to satisfy myself, on a balance of
probabilities, whether those facts did in truth exist and whether any
inference or inferences drawn from those facts, taken individually and
collectively, were sound or not.

36 The central part of the logic of an expert’s opinion, in the context of
share valuation, is contained in the basis of the valuation and the
application of that basis to the facts of the case to determine the value of a
company as a whole, from which the value of each share may then be derived
rateably. It is these aspects of the expert’s opinion which the court will
most closely scrutinise. Accordingly, the law takes cognisance of the
different bases on which a minority shareholding may be valued in a company
whose shares have no public market. Lord Millett set out three possible bases
in CVC/Opportunity Equity Partners Ltd and another v Demarco Almeida [2002] 2
BCLC 108 (“CVC”) at [37]:

There are essentially three possible bases on which a minority holding of
shares in an unquoted company can be valued. In descending order these are:
(i) as a rateable proportion of the total value of the company as a going
concern without any discount for the fact that the holding in question is a
minority holding; (ii) as before but with such a discount; and (iii) as a
rateable proportion of the net assets of the company at their break up or
liquidation value.

37 Lord Millett’s first and third options represent two fundamentally
different approaches to valuing shares: see Hollington at para 8-135. His
first option adopts the earnings basis of valuation. This basis is usually
appropriate where the company is a going concern: CVC at [38]. It can be based
on the company’s profits or future cash flows. Lord Millet’s third option
adopts the assets basis of valuation. It is usually appropriate for valuing a
loss-making company or a company whose assets have a readily realisable value
independent of its business: Yeo Hung Khiang at [65]. A combination of both
approaches may be employed to value shares in a private company: Gillatt v Sky
Television Ltd [2000] 2 BCLC 103 at 112g-h.

38 For completeness, I note that Lord Millett’s second option is not relevant
on the facts of this case because of the general rule that the court will not
apply a discount for non-marketability when making a share purchase order
under s 216(2) of the Act: Low Janie v Low Peng Boon and others [1998] 2
SLR(R) 154 at [63]; CVC at [40]. The principle behind this rule is that an
oppressed minority should not be treated as having elected freely to sell his
shares to a party external to the company. Therefore, fixing the price for the
minority’s shares pro rata according to the value of all the shares in the
company as a whole is the only fair method of compensating him: Bird at
667F-G. After all, an order for a buy-out on terms is an exercise of the
coercive power of the court: Maniach Pte Ltd v L Capital Jones Ltd and another
[2016] 3 SLR 801 at [166]. The parties in this case also agree that no
discount for non-marketability should be applied. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 75 at lines 13–19 and p
97 at lines 7–13.

39 In the present case, Mr Hayler has adopted the earnings basis of valuation
in valuing shares in Biofuel. This is unobjectionable because Biofuel is in
fact a going concern. Specifically, Mr Hayler has employed what is known as
the discounted cash flow or “DCF” method. Mr Reid does not object to that
method. Instead, the thrust of Mr Reid’s evidence is that Mr Hayler, in
applying the DCF method to Biofuel and its business, has assumed certain facts
without support and has overlooked other facts without basis. Mr Reid says
that if Mr Hayler’s valuation is adjusted for these errors and omissions, the
value of shares in Biofuel is in fact nil.

40 The submissions of each party correspond closely with the expert evidence
that that party has adduced. In order properly to assess the expert evidence,
it is necessary first to understand the DCF method of valuation before
considering how Mr Hayler has applied it to Biofuel and analysing Mr Reid’s
criticisms of that application. I turn now to address this.

Discounted cash flow

41 The DCF method is derived directly from the fundamental theory of value
which states that “the value of a financial asset is the sum of the present
values of the future cash flows [ie, dividends, profits, proceeds of sale]
stemming from ownership”: Christopher Glover, The Valuation of Unquoted
Companies (4th ed, Thomson, 2004) (“Glover”) at p 232. This theory of value
necessarily depends on projections, ie looking into the future. This method
is, therefore, inevitably speculative to some degree. The underlying
projections must therefore rest on assumptions which are reasonable and on
contingencies which can be weighted in light of all the evidence and all the
circumstances. Nevertheless, the value which the DCF method yields is a real
value. “Like all values”, said Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes in Ithaca Trust
Co v United States 49 S Ct 291 (US Supreme Court, 1928) at 292 col 1, the
value of property at a particular valuation date “depends largely on more or
less certain prophecies of the future, and the value is no less real at that
time if later the prophecy turns out false than when it comes out true.”

42 Accordingly, part of the task of the court in evaluating an expert’s
application of the DCF method is to evaluate the reasonableness of the
assumptions underlying the expert’s projections into the future. I do not say
that the expert must establish each assumption as true on the balance of
probabilities. That cannot be the test, because there is no provable truth
with regard to the future. But where an expert makes an assumption as to a
future event, the court must consider both qualitatively whether the expert’s
assumption is reasonable in light of the evidence and also quantitatively the
likelihood of the assumed event actually materialising. For the purpose of the
DCF analysis, that likelihood – to the extent that it is found to be less than
a certainty – represents a risk to the business which the expert must account
for in his analysis. If the court finds that he has failed to do so, it will
have to make an appropriate adjustment to account for the risk.

43 The DCF method may be described as consisting of two distinct parts: Glover
at p 232. First, an estimate must be made of the amount and timing of all cash
flows during the likely period of ownership. I will refer to this concept as
“the estimate”. Second, a discount rate must be selected and applied to the
future cash flows to convert them into present values. The sum of these
present values is the value of the asset. As Mr Hayler explains in his first
report: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 48 at
paras 4.4–4.5.

In the DCF approach, the cash flows expected to be generated by a business are
typically modelled over a discrete period, followed by an assumption of a
mature state on which a “terminal” or “continuing” valuation is based. The
cash flows in each year and during the terminal period are then discounted
back [to the valuation date] at the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (“WACC”).

DCF analysis requires the construction of reliable projections of the
company’s expected financial performance as at the date of valuation. These
projections are commonly based upon projections prepared by company ‘insiders’
who are often in the best position to assess the company’s expected
performance.

44 A key consideration, of course, is the date at which the company’s shares
are to be valued. In the present case, the parties agree that the valuation
date should be 29 July 2014. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 75 at line 9 and p 98
at lines 3–17.

That is the date of the EGM where the debt-to-equity swap was approved which
significantly diluted the plaintiffs’ shareholding and thus constitutes the
principal act of oppression the plaintiffs now complain of (see [14] above). I
am aware that the parties instructed their experts to assess Biofuel’s value
as at that date in large part to ascertain whether there had been any
oppression at all. But this does not detract from the fact that the valuation
date which the parties agreed was relevant to the issue of oppression also
accords with the well-established and sensible practice of valuing the shares
as if the oppressive conduct had not taken place by choosing a date of
valuation shortly before the oppressive conduct began: Hollington ([30] supra)
at para 8-162, citing Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society v Meyer [1959]
AC 324 at 364 and Re OC (Transport) Services Ltd [1984] BCLC 251 at 258d-g.

45 Thus, to arrive at his estimate of the value of shares in Biofuel as at 29
July 2014, Mr Hayler models the cash flow which Biofuel is expected to
generate over a discrete forecast period comprising six financial years
(“FYs”) 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 780 at
paras 4.3 and 4.4.

after 29 July 2014. Mr Hayler’s forecast period is therefore FY2015 to FY2020.
The value of the discounted cash flow for the last financial year of that
forecast period is then treated as the normalised level of annual discounted
cash flow after the forecast period and used as the base for calculating the
terminal value. The terminal value in turn represents an estimate of the
present value of the future cash flows after FY2020.

46 The discount rate which Mr Hayler has chosen to apply is Biofuel’s weighted
average cost of capital (“WACC”). The WACC of a company is the average cost of
the company’s debt and equity which is weighted, respectively, by the market
values of debt and equity. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 102 at
para A6.2 (Appendix 6).

Simply put, the WACC is the company’s rate of return to those who finance its
business through both debt and equity, ie its lenders and its shareholders. To
put it another way, risk being directly related to reward, WACC is a measure
of the risk presented by the company to the holders of its debt and equity by
virtue of its business, its location or other circumstance. Mr Hayler has
calculated the WACC of Biofuel to be 13.2%. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 110 at
para A6.43 (Appendix 6).

47 Mr Hayler applies the discount rate of 13.2% to Biofuel’s free cash flows
for the forecast period to obtain a present value for the cash flow for each
financial year in that period. As I have mentioned, the last discounted cash
flow value in that period, ie for FY2020, is then used as the base for
calculating the terminal value. The formula for calculating the terminal value
(set out at [127] below) takes into account the discount rate as well as what
is called the terminal growth rate, which is the rate at which Biofuel’s cash
flow is expected to grow on an annual basis in perpetuity. Mr Hayler adopts a
terminal growth rate of 4.99%, basing it on the projected long-run nominal
growth rate of the Singapore economy as at 2014. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 101 at
para A5.29 (Appendix 5).

48 Mr Hayler then sums the discounted cash flows for the forecast period and
the terminal value to yield $31.9m as the enterprise value of Biofuel. He then
deducts Biofuel’s net debt of $8.8m from that amount to yield $23.1m as
Biofuel’s equity value. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at Annexure B.

The equity value represents Biofuel’s true value to its shareholders as a
going concern as at 29 July 2014. The value of the plaintiffs’ shareholding as
at that date is therefore 25% of $23.m or $5.78m. Implicit in that is a share
price of $3.47 per share. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September
2016, p 7 at para 36.

This is the price which the plaintiffs say represents the value of their
shares and is therefore the price at which they ask to be bought out. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 255.

Hindsight information

49 Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis and Mr Reid’s critique of it both rely extensively
on evidence of events occurring after the valuation date, ie 29 July 2014.
That evidence has been referred to in these proceedings as “hindsight
information”. This raises the issue of whether a court may take such
information into account in assessing the value of shares for the purpose of
making a buy-out order under s 216(2)(d) of the Act. Mr Hayler correctly says
in his third report that “[w]hether it is appropriate to take into account
such hindsight information is a legal matter.” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at para 22.

The plaintiffs say that the width of the court’s remedial discretion under s
216(2) entitles it to take into account hindsight information. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 29 at lines 11–26.

The defendants take a more equivocal position, suggesting (without attempting
to put forward any principle) that Mr Reid may not have used hindsight
information had Mr Hayler not done so. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 636.

At the same time, I am aware that the basic rule in valuing shares is to
reject hindsight information and consider only what a hypothetical purchaser
would pay on a hypothetical sale in the open market on the valuation date: In
re Holt [1953] 1 WLR 1488 (“In re Holt”). In my view, however, the plaintiffs
are correct. I will elaborate.

50 The key to resolving the issue of hindsight information as a matter of
principle lies in a proper understanding of the purpose in fixing a valuation
date for a buy-out order under s 216(2)(d). The valuation date is, after all,
the sole basis on which to characterise particular information as hindsight
information. As the court is not engaging purely in an accounting exercise,
the purpose in fixing that date must be more than merely functional in the
sense I have described at [41] above, ie simply to be a reference point for
valuing the asset in question in the light of its future income.

51 In the context of the broader remedial function of s 216(2), that purpose
is to fix a reference point for valuation which most fairly and effectively
remedies or brings to an end the oppression suffered by a successful
plaintiff. This purpose, however, may only be realised in accordance with the
nature of a buy-out order appreciated against the conceptual and normative
backdrop of the general law. A buy-out order is not only a compensatory order
for the plaintiff. It is also a mandatory transaction imposed on the majority,
supported by consideration involuntarily furnished (see [38] above).
Therefore, the very least that the purchase price ought to reflect is the true
value of what the shareholder is being compelled to sell. And the valuation
date plays a significant part in reflecting that value. This explains why the
High Court has recently held that the starting point for valuing a company
which is a going concern is the date on which the buy-out order is made,
provided that if the plaintiff can show that that date would result in
unfairness, the court may opt for some other date which would achieve a fairer
result: Koh Keng Chew ([31] supra) at [9] to [10], adopting the approach of
the English Court of Appeal in Profinance Trust SA v Gladstone [2002] 1 BCLC
141 (“Profinance”) at [60].

52 Accordingly, the court ought to take into account evidence of events
occurring after the date of valuation if that evidence would help the court
remedy oppression suffered by the plaintiffs or achieve a more accurate
estimate of the value of the plaintiffs’ shares. The basic rule in In re Holt
does not apply where such purposes, especially that of reversing the effects
of oppression, are in play. Where however shares are being valued to determine
for example the estate duty payable (In re Holt) or the damages payable for
breach of contract (Joiner and another v George and others [2002] EWCA Civ
160), the basic rule will apply. That is because in those situations, the
market value of the shares is the sole concern of the valuation.

53 The above analysis explains why there is no immutable rule on the
appropriate date of valuation for the purposes of a buy-out order. The
latitude in choosing that date can be seen in the authorities. For a summary
of examples see Profinance at [61] and also Koh Keng Chew at [7] to [8], where
Chua Lee Ming J said:

In Profinance, the English Court of Appeal reviewed a number of English
decisions and agreed (at [60]) with Nourse J’s general proposition in Re
London School of Electronics (at 224) that “[p]rima facie an interest in a
going concern ought to be valued at the date on which it is ordered to be
purchased”.

I was referred to several Singapore cases. The choice of the reference date
does not appear to have been a contested issue in these cases and the
decisions have gone in both directions. The Filing Date was chosen as the
reference date in Lim Swee Khiang v Borden at [92] and Lim Chee Twang v Chan
Shuk Kuen Helina and others at [150(a)]. However, the Buyout Order Date was
chosen in Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2014] 4 SLR 140
at [132], Eng Gee Seng v Quek Choon Teck and others at Annex A, Sharikat
Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan and others at [243] and Lim Seng Wah and
another v Han Meng Siew and others at [176]. In Tullio Planeta v Maoro Andrea
G, there was some discussion of the general rule stated in Re London School of
Electronics Ltd but the court did not express any clear view on it (at
[15]–[20]). In any event, the general rule was inapplicable in that case
because the company in question was not a going concern.

54 My final observation on hindsight information is that the DCF method relies
heavily on an accurate forecast of free cash flow of the company, as I have
alluded to at [44] above. Therefore, if hindsight information helps me better
to assess whether a forecast is accurate, it also enables me to arrive at a
more accurate finding of the value of the plaintiffs’ shares as at 29 July
2014 and enables me better to remedy the oppression suffered.

55 I therefore hold that it was proper for both Mr Hayler and Mr Reid to rely
on hindsight information in their respective assessments of the value of
shares in Biofuel, and it is proper for me now to take into account hindsight
information in analysing their expert evidence and arriving at my findings as
to value.

Analysis

56 There are three parts to my analysis of the parties’ submissions on the
value of the plaintiffs’ shares. The first part considers the basic assumption
of Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis, namely, that Biofuel will experience growth in
perpetuity. The second and third parts will consider arguments which may
properly be regarded as going towards either of the two fundamental components
of the DCF analysis, namely, the estimate and the discount rate: see [43]
above. I will not discuss in a separate section the issues relating to the
experts’ credibility. I have found no reason to form an overall view on the
credibility of either expert. Their credibility therefore turns very much on
the reasonableness of the opinions they have expressed on the various issues
which they have considered. It is therefore appropriate to address credibility
issue by issue, together with my analysis of the parties’ submissions as to
whose opinion I should prefer on that issue.

57 I therefore turn now to the main analysis, bearing in mind the principles
and concepts I have set out at [27] to [54] above. I will elaborate on the
finer details of Mr Hayler’s calculations when I address the submissions which
go specifically towards those details.

Growth in perpetuity

58 The issue here is whether it is reasonable for Mr Hayler to have calculated
Biofuel’s terminal value on the assumption of growth in perpetuity. This issue
arises from uncertainties relating to Biofuel’s interest in two properties
from which it operates its waste collection and processing business and export
business respectively. I will first describe the two properties and then
consider the parties’ submissions on the issue raised.

59 First, Biofuel conducts its wood waste collection and processing business
at 51 Shipyard Crescent. This property is factory land of about 20,000 m2
owned by the Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”). I will refer to this as the
Shipyard site. Under a building agreement between the JTC and Biofuel dated 10
August 2005, Biofuel was granted a three-year licence to use the Shipyard site
commencing 1 January 2005. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016, p 217 at
para 1.

The agreement obliges JTC to grant Biofuel a 30-year lease of the Shipyard
site commencing on the same date if Biofuel complies with a number of
conditions. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016, p 230 at
cl 3.1(b).

One of these conditions, set out in cl 2.24(d) of the agreement, is that
Biofuel must ensure that no waste is sorted in the open and that all waste is
stored in sheltered enclosures. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Lee Shung Guan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 3 August 2016, p 228 at
cl 2.24(d).

Biofuel did not comply with this condition. It was even served a formal notice
by the NEA to construct a full enclosure for the storage of waste by June
2014. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016 at p 242.

As at the time of the trial, Biofuel continues to be in breach of this
condition. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 144 at lines 10–19.

60 Biofuel’s three-year licence to use the Shipyard site has long since
expired. Biofuel continues to occupy the Shipyard site under a discretionary
extension of its licence by the JTC. Biofuel has no express right to any
extension of the licence. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 91 at lines 17–23 and p 92
at lines 9–17.

So Biofuel remains in occupation of the Shipyard site purely as a licensee or,
at best, a tenant at will, of the JTC. There is therefore a risk that it will
lose possession of the Shipyard site so long as it continues to be in breach
of the building agreement; although, for the reasons set out at [61] below, I
find that this risk is more theoretical than real. But assuming that Biofuel
complies with all of the conditions set out in the agreement, including the
condition in cl 2.24(d), it will be entitled to obtain from the JTC a lease of
the Shipyard site terminating on 31 December 2034. Beyond 2034, it is common
ground that there is no certainty as to whether Biofuel will be able to find
new premises from which to operate.

61 Second, Biofuel conducts its export business at a property at Jalan
Samulun. In these proceedings, that property has been referred to as the
Waterfront premises. It is essentially a jetty. Biofuel hauls wood chips from
the Shipyard site to the jetty to be loaded onto barges and prepared for
delivery to clients in the region. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 139 at lines 8–15.

The Waterfront premises are also owned by the JTC. Biofuel has a ten-year
licence to use the Waterfront premises which expires in 2024. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at p 360.

Before it went into occupation of the Waterfront premises, Biofuel conducted
its export operations from a private jetty. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016, p 26 at
para 32.

62 The defendants say that Mr Hayler was reckless to value Biofuel on the
assumption of growth in perpetuity. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 53 at line 7.

Indeed, the defendants were able to extract a concession from Mr Hayler in
cross-examination that his discount rate did not specifically take into
account the risk that Biofuel will be unable to continue to occupy the
Shipyard site and the Waterfront premises in perpetuity. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 100 at lines 8–9.

As I have mentioned, there are two aspects to this risk. First, Biofuel is at
risk of being dispossessed of the Shipyard site for as long as it continues to
be in breach of the building agreement. Second, even if the JTC does go on to
grant Biofuel a lease of the Shipyard site, the lease will expire in 2034, and
there is no guarantee that the lease can be renewed. The risk of non-renewal,
the defendants say, is enhanced by the strained relationship between Biofuel
and the JTC and the NEA caused by Biofuel’s continuing breach of the
agreement. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at paras 591 and 594.

63 Accordingly, the defendants urge me to adopt Mr Reid’s proposal to truncate
Biofuel’s free cash flows at 2034. They urge this on the basis that there is
no guarantee that Biofuel will be able to continue its business after 2034. On
Mr Reid’s proposal, the discount rate is essentially enhanced to reflect a
limited, as opposed to a perpetual, period of free cash flow after the final
year in the discrete forecast period, ie, FY2020. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016, p 48 at
para 124.

The effect of this is that $7.46m is deducted from the equity value at which
Mr Hayler has arrived. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016, p
9 at para 65.

64 I accept the defendants’ point that Mr Hayler has gone too far in the
plaintiffs’ favour by not adequately taking into account Biofuel’s risk of
losing the Shipyard site and the Waterfront premises. But I agree with Mr
Hayler that Mr Reid’s outright truncation at 2034 goes too far in the
defendants’ favour. Mr Reid’s approach assumes with absolute certainty that
Biofuel will not be able to carry on business when the prospective lease for
the Shipyard site expires in 2034. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 117 at lines 8–10 and p
117 at lines 22 to p 118 at line 8.

While Mr Reid grants that JTC may well not eject Biofuel before 2034, it also
incorrectly excludes the possibility of Biofuel finding alternative premises
from which to continue its operations beyond 2034. Moreover, if the assumption
is valid, then one should also allow for the possibility that Biofuel’s
directors will facilitate a managed wind-down of Biofuel’s business in
anticipation of its closure. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 118 at lines 9–18.

This would involve cutting back expenses, cashing in debts and paying off
creditors. All of this may lead to a valuation of Biofuel in 2034 or in the
years leading up to 2034 that is higher than a valuation premised on Biofuel
abruptly stopping business in 2034. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 118 at lines 15–18.

Mr Reid’s simple truncation assumes, without adequate basis, that Biofuel will
simply step off a cliff edge in 2034.

65 The reality is that neither party is able adequately to state the
likelihood that Biofuel can continue its business up to and beyond 2034.
Therefore, whether Mr Hayler is correct to assume in his DCF analysis that
Biofuel will experience growth in perpetuity turns on whether that assumption
is a reasonable one: see [42] above. And in my judgment, it is reasonable. I
say this for four reasons. The reasons are:

(a) First, the JTC still appears to be willing to support Biofuel’s business
by granting it a new licence in 2014 to operate from the Waterfront premises
despite its continuing breach of cl 2.24(d) of the building agreement. This
suggests to me that the defendants’ view of the instability of Biofuel’s
tenure at the Shipyard site, allegedly due to the JTC’s unhappiness with
Biofuel over its failure to observe cl 2.24(d), is somewhat exaggerated.

(b) Second, Biofuel recycles almost half the horticultural and wood waste
produced in Singapore. This is reported by Biofuel itself in its corporate
profile. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2016 at p 791.

If Biofuel is able to maintain this level of business, that will be a fact
which the JTC is likely to consider favourably in exercising their discretion
to allow Biofuel to remain on the Shipyard site, where the collection and
processing of waste wood takes place, and in deciding whether to renew
Biofuel’s lease for the site when the time comes.

(c) Third, the JTC has demonstrated a degree of latitude as regards Biofuel’s
use of the Shipyard site. At the time Biofuel was granted its licence for the
Shipyard site, it was contemplated that Biofuel would build a biomass power
plant. This was to be pursued under a joint venture with PT Medco. After the
joint venture fell through, Biofuel developed on the Shipyard site an
alternative business in the disposal of construction waste, with an emphasis
on wood waste disposal. And the JTC consented to this change in use of the
Shipyard site. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendants’ Opening Statement dated 13 September 2016 at paras 29–30.

(d) Fourth, Biofuel has been performing well in recent years. Its financial
statements show that its revenue increased from $10m in 2012 to $12.2m in 2013
and to $14.9m in 2014. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 2 dated 13 September 2015 at pp 1099, 1124 and
1148.

Its gross profit more than doubled from $1.98m in 2012 to $3.9m in 2014. Its
net profit more than tripled in the same period, from $390,901 in 2012 to
$1.3m in 2014. Therefore, as at the valuation date, Biofuel’s business shows
no clear sign of slowing down which could justify an inference that its
business may not last beyond 2034.

The first three of these reasons relate specifically to the JTC’s relationship
with Biofuel and therefore have a bearing on the likelihood of Biofuel’s
remaining on the Shipyard site and the Waterfront premises and the JTC’s
renewal of the lease (if granted) and the licence for each property
respectively.

66 For these reasons, I find that Mr Hayler made a reasonable assumption that
Biofuel’s business would grow in perpetuity. But I also find that the risk of
losing the Shipyard site and the Waterfront premises should be reflected in
the DCF analysis. I accept the defendants’ submission that this risk should be
reflected in the discount rate. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 65 at lines 13–19.

In my judgment, increasing the discount rate by 2 percentage points (“pp”)
suffices to address this risk. I elaborate on this point at [126] below.

The estimate

67 I turn now to the estimate component of Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis.
Essentially, the parties disagree whether and to what extent the estimate
should take into account the following three principal items:

(a) the cost of carrying out the Project (see [17] above);

(b) possible future business with a specific customer in the Philippines,
Roxol Bioenergy Corporation (“Roxol”); and

(c) an alleged fall in Biofuel’s tipping fees.

68 I address each of these in turn.

(1) Cost of the Project

69 The first issue is whether the cost of the Project, which the defendants
place at $20.3m, should be reflected in Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis. The issue
turns largely on whether the Project is properly to be regarded as “value
accretive” or merely “value enhancing” for Biofuel. A project is value
accretive if it brings in enough cash flow to cover its cost and also to yield
a profit. A project is value enhancing if it brings in additional cash flow
but that cash flow is insufficient to cover its cost. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 171 at lines 9–23.

It follows that if the Project is assumed to be value accretive, its cost need
not be taken into account in the DCF analysis. The opposite would be true if
the Project were assumed merely to be value enhancing.

70 While Mr Hayler thinks that there is evidence that the Project would be
value accretive, he takes what the plaintiffs have described as a conservative
approach of assuming the Project to be “value neutral”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 116.

In other words, he assumes the revenues which the Project will generate will
equal its costs: no more, but no less. The Project therefore plays no part in
his calculations.

71 The plaintiffs submit that Mr Reid agreed with Mr Hayler in cross-
examination that the Project would be value accretive or, at the very least,
value neutral. The defendants’ response is that Mr Reid meant “value
enhancing” when he used the term “value accretive”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 50.

In my judgment, there is no basis for the defendants’ reading of Mr Reid’s
evidence. I find that he did accept that the Project was value accretive in
the sense I have explained above.

72 This can be seen by considering Mr Reid’s evidence in its full context. The
immediate background to that evidence begins with Mr Hayler’s evidence on the
ninth day of trial. In that evidence, he used the term “value accretive”
consistently to describe a project which would yield a net profit for the
company. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript dated 5 October 2016, Day 9, p 34 at lines 25 to p 35 at
line 3, p 59 at line 23 to p 61 at line 2, p 66 at line 21 to p 67 at line 18.

Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Ian Lim, then cross-examined Mr Reid. Mr Reid
responded to the term “value accretive” for the first time in his cross-
examination by Mr Lim. And when he did, he gave no indication that he
understood or used the term in a sense different from Mr Hayler: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 37 at line 14 to p 38
line 2.

MR LIM: ... So would you not agree with me that on this basis, just building
the enclosure alone, even without the MRF machinery and production lines, is
not just purely remedial and could also be value accretive to the company? So
I’m saying just building a shelter alone without anything else?

MR REID: Potentially, yes.

MR LIM: Okay, and would you also agree with me, Mr Reid, that being remedial
or value accretive isn’t a binary proposition. It’s not necessarily mutually
exclusive? What I mean is that something which is remedial can also be value
accretive; would you accept that?

MR REID: I would.

73 Mr Reid in this extract expressed no confusion about what the term “value
accretive” meant. He was careful to hedge his agreement with Mr Lim by saying
that the enclosure was only “potentially” value accretive precisely because he
understood the term “value accretive” in the same way Mr Hayler did. Mr Reid
repeated the same caution moments later in his evidence by accepting that the
enclosure component of the Project could be “marginally” value accretive. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 48 at lines 19–23.

To put the matter the opposite way, if Mr Reid had understood the term “value
accretive” to mean no more than “value enhancing”, then he would have agreed
readily with the points which Mr Lim put to him and said simply that the
Project’s being “value accretive” (in the sense of value enhancing) did not
mean that it was not a loss-making project because the revenue it brought in
did not exceed its cost. But that is not what Mr Reid did.

74 Moreover, being an accounting expert, Mr Reid must be assumed to be
familiar with these accounting terms of art and sensitive to the context in
which they are used. If at any time Mr Reid thought that he and Mr Lim were
talking at cross purposes, he would reasonably be expected to have asked Mr
Lim to clarify the sense in which Mr Lim was using “value accretive” in his
questions. He did not do so. That is because, I find, he understood precisely
what Mr Lim meant by the term.

75 That that was Mr Reid’s understanding is further shown by his decision to
decline Mr Hayler’s invitation – extended in witness conferencing – to express
his own expert opinion on whether the Project would be value accretive: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 52 at lines 10–24.

MR HAYLER:  ... to the extent that my report is aimed at dealing with new
evidence that came in with the witness statements – and that I’m saying this
is value accretive – Mr Reid is actually disagreeing with me and continuing to
deduct the cost of the structure.

I mean, Mr Reid is his own man, I can’t – but I’d say it seems strange that he
wouldn’t at least comment on whether the project would be value accretive.

MR LIM: Mr Reid, I put it to you that the redevelopment project comprising the
enclosure and the MRF facility is value accretive.

MR REID: Management have advised that that is the case.

76 I therefore reject the defendants’ submission that Mr Reid used the term
“value accretive” to mean no more than merely “value enhancing”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 56.

Mr Reid’s evidence, read in context, contains unambiguous responses to points
put to him by Mr Lim on behalf of the plaintiffs to the effect that the
Project or some component of it would be value accretive, albeit only in a
potential or marginal sense. Moreover, the plaintiffs correctly point out that
Mr Reid had later to agree reluctantly that the Project would stabilise
Biofuel’s possession of the Shipyard site (see [59] above) and thereby add
value to the company. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 188.

That is consistent with an understanding and use of the term “value accretive”
in its true sense. Further, during cross-examination, Mr Reid accepted the
force of the plaintiffs’ suggestion that the first defendant would have been
foolish and irrational to invest in a project which was not expected to be
value accretive. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 153 at line 17 to p 154
at line 2.

77 I also find that Mr Reid was unreasonable in assuming in his reports that
the Project was purely remedial in nature in the sense that it was conceived
only to address NEA’s requirement that Biofuel house its wood waste: see [59]
above. As the plaintiffs have pointed out, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 189.

that assumption was based solely on instructions from the first defendant. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 36 at line 8 to p 37 at
line 13.

If that assumption were true, then the Project can only have been value
negative. But the objective evidence shows that the Project is value
accretive, and more broadly, that Biofuel had good financial prospects at or
around the valuation date. Mr Hayler summarised this objective evidence, which
I accept as credible, in his third report. His point was that this evidence
was inconsistent with Mr Reid’s opinion that Biofuel was in dire financial
straits, arising chiefly from the cost of the Project: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at para 34.

Mr Reid’s position however appears inconsistent with the facts below:

• Tenda converted its debt to equity despite the fact that debt has a higher
claim on winding up, whilst equity benefits from improved performance;

• in May 2015, Maybank was willing to grant the Company various credit
facilities in excess of SGD 20 million, subject to certain conditions (the
“Maybank Offer”);

• [The first defendant] was willing to consider providing his private
residence as security under the terms of the Maybank Offer;

• the forecasts presented by Biofuel Industries to Maybank indicate revenue
growth far exceeding the historical growth;

• during my site visit, [the first defendant] explained that the management of
Biofuel Industries had plans to invest in the business through the
Redevelopment Project;

• two years have passed since the valuation date and the business continues to
operate, and further, no sale, for any sum, or voluntary liquidation of
Biofuel Industries has occurred;

• the FY2015 profit and loss and balance sheet appear to indicate that hire
purchase equipment had been taken on; and

• this case continues to be fought at, I assume, considerable expense over
shares that according to Mr Reid are worthless.

78 Mr Hayler mentions two facts relating specifically to the Project which I
should elaborate on. These are: (i) the offer of a loan to Biofuel by Malayan
Banking Berhad (“Maybank”) and (ii) the first defendant’s willingness to
guarantee the loan. First, it is clear to me that Biofuel, in the eyes of
independent and reputable third party lenders, had a viable and profitable
business and was capable of servicing substantial loans in or around July
2014. In February 2014, Hong Leong Finance Ltd (“Hong Leong”) was sufficiently
confident to lend Biofuel $5.3m by way of a mortgage loan to repay a debt. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 211 at
para 2.

Then in 2015, Maybank was willing to offer Biofuel a loan in the sum of $23m
to finance the Project. Maybank’s offer is contained in a letter of offer
dated 10 April 2015, superseded in short order by a letter of offer dated 13
May 2015. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Lee Yoke Loong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 August 2016 at pp
32–46 and pp 47–61.

Biofuel’s directors resolved on 21 December 2015 to accept the offer contained
in Maybank’s second letter. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Lee Yoke Loong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 August 2016 at pp
63–64.

In my judgment, Hong Leong’s and Maybank’s willingness to extend substantial
loans to Biofuel around the valuation date (ie 29 July 2014) is a clear
expression of their confidence in Biofuel’s financial and commercial value. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 131.

I cannot ignore that confidence in assessing whether the Project was value
accretive and whether, more broadly, Biofuel’s share value at that time was
indeed nil as Mr Reid suggests. This is despite the fact that Biofuel, for
unknown reasons, did not eventually draw down on the Maybank loan. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Certified Transcript dated 29 September 2016, Day 7, p 47 at lines 9–11.

The important point is that Maybank was prepared to lend, and not whether
Biofuel actually borrowed.

79 The defendants submit that I cannot draw any inference from Maybank’s
willingness to lend to Biofuel because Maybank did not perform due diligence
before issuing its letters of offer to Biofuel. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 679.

They raise in their written submissions, for the first time in these
proceedings, the allegation that Maybank in making the offer relied on a
valuation report on Biofuel which was based on an erroneous title search which
misrepresented Biofuel’s legal interest in the Shipyard site. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at paras 703–704.

This allegation was untested at trial. I therefore accept the plaintiffs’
invitation to disregard it. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 135.

80 In any event, Mr Bryan Lee, Biofuel’s financial manager, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Lee Yoke Loong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 August 2016 at paras 3
and 13.

accepted during cross-examination that Biofuel had accepted Maybank’s offer
knowing it was capable of satisfying the conditions which Maybank had attached
to it. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Certified Transcript dated 29 September 2016, Day 7, p 47 at line 6–11 and p
49 at line 6–10.

Those conditions comprise Maybank’s standard terms and conditions as well as
conditions specifically relating to Biofuel requiring it to maintain a certain
level of business. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Lee Yoke Loong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 August 2016 at pp
41–44.

After that concession, he was unable credibly to maintain his position, set
out in his affidavit of evidence in chief, that Biofuel’s acceptance of
Maybank’s offer was a mere formality performed at Maybank’s specific request.
92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Lee Yoke Loong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 August 2016 at para
50(g).

Moreover, banks are not in the habit of issuing letters of offer with
conditions which they know cannot be fulfilled. There is therefore no merit to
the defendants’ suggestion that the Maybank letters of offer are no evidence
of Biofuel’s financial standing at or around the valuation date.

81 Next, connected to Maybank’s letters of offer is the fact that the first
defendant represented his unconditional willingness to Maybank to guarantee
personally Biofuel’s debts to Maybank as a condition of the Maybank loan. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Certified Transcript dated 27 September 2016, Day 5, p 91 at line 19 to p 92
at line 23.

As the plaintiffs correctly observe, the first defendant was not in any way
compelled, whether by the JTC or the NEA, to take on that guarantee. He did so
as a freely-made business decision. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 139.

This means that the first defendant personally considered that guaranteeing
the loan taken out to finance the Project was a risk worth taking. Mr Reid
accepted this point. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 9, p 158 at lines 10–12.

Given that the first defendant obviously thought guaranteeing a loan to pursue
the Project to be worthwhile, Mr Hayler was more than justified in regarding
the Project as, at the very least, value neutral for the purpose of his DCF
calculation.

82 Finally, even if the cost of the Project should be taken into account, it
would be wholly inappropriate to deduct the entire $20.3m estimated cost from
Biofuel’s equity value. This is so for two reasons. First, Mr Reid took the
figure of $20.3m from an outdated quotation which was obtained nearly two
years before the date of his and Mr Hayler’s reports. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at p 379.

If Mr Reid was able (and, as I have held, is permitted) to take into account
hindsight information for other aspects of his report (see eg [98] to [108]
below on tipping fees), there is no reason he could not have obtained a more
recent quote for the cost of the Project. Second, Mr Reid has admitted that,
contrary to the position taken in his reports, even if the figure of S$20.3m
were assumed to be accurate and to be properly deducted from the equity value,
the deduction should be amortised and time-valued: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 65 at lines 1–17.

MR LIM: So Mr Reid, do you still think it’s appropriate or reasonable for you
to summarily deduct and truncate Mr Hayler’s valuation by 20.3 million, all at
one shot?

MR REID: The more correct method would be to time value the payments when the
project is actually starting and put that into the cash flow exactly when the
project is going to do and then discount those – the cash outflows.

MR LIM: And this was not done in your estimations, correct?

MR REID: No it wasn’t. I don’t know when the project is to begin.

COURT: Could you have made a reasonable assumption upon enquiry with the
management?

MR REID: I could have, Your Honour, and frankly, that could have been a better
approach. I accept that.

83 For these reasons, I find that Mr Hayler was justified in not considering
the cost of the Project in his DCF analysis on the basis that the Project
would have been at least value neutral. There is therefore no basis for Mr
Reid’s position that a sum of $20.3m should be deducted from Biofuel’s equity
value.

(2) Future business with Roxol

84 The next issue is whether it is reasonable for Mr Hayler to take into
account Biofuel’s future business with Roxol in his DCF analysis. That
resulted in the most significant change which Mr Hayler made to his DCF
analysis between his second and his third report. While Mr Hayler in his third
report moderated the projection of revenue arising from Biofuel’s usual
business in view of Biofuel’s modest actual growth in FY2015, his decision to
include for the first time cash flows arising from Biofuel’s future business
with Roxol resulted in a net increase in the value of both Biofuel’s free cash
flows in the discrete forecast period and in the terminal value. That in turn
enhanced Biofuel’s equity value.

85 The evidence for Biofuel’s business with Roxol is contained in five sets of
documents, corresponding to five sales of wood chips by Biofuel to Roxol
between November 2015 and May 2016. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at pp
166–236.

Each sale involved the delivery by Biofuel to Roxol of anywhere between 5,293
mt and 6,593 mt of wood chips. Each set of documents includes a written
contract between Biofuel and Roxol for the sale of 5,500 mt of wood chips
(more or less 10%) to be delivered on a certain date at the price of US$52.50
per tonne. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

See eg, Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at p
173.

Each contract is accompanied by a certificate attesting to its authenticity
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

See eg, Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at
pp 169–171.

and by two invoices. One invoice shows the purchase price payable by Roxol to
Biofuel. The other invoice shows the freight payable by Biofuel for delivery
of the goods. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

See eg, Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016 at
pp 166– 167.

86 On the basis of the sales figures contained in these documents, Mr Hayler
revised his forecast of Biofuel’s annual gross profit for the discrete
forecast period to include profit received from the sale to Roxol of a
postulated average of 5,500mt of wood chips every month in perpetuity
beginning from FY2017. For convenience, I will call this the “Roxol
projections”. Next, to factor in “additional export business risks”, Mr Hayler
assumed no growth, not even for inflation, in the value of Biofuel’s future
business with Roxol. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at para 27 and Annexure B.

Mr Hayler also made the point in his report that Biofuel in substance had two
businesses: (i) a low-risk collection and processing business; and (ii) a
higher risk export business. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at para 28.

He said that each of the two businesses could, with sufficient information, be
modelled separately with a separate discount rate for each, rather than being
modelled together using a single discount rate of 13.2% as he had earlier
done.

87 The defendants make two principal arguments against Mr Hayler’s Roxol
projections. First, they submit that the court should give no weight to
Biofuel’s possible future business with Roxol because there is no guarantee
that Roxol will be a returning customer. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at paras 109–110.

Second, they submit that Mr Hayler in any event overestimated the gross
profits arising from Biofuel’s future business with Roxol.

88 On the first point, the defendants argue that in the absence of a long-term
sales agreement between Biofuel and Roxol or an established history of both
entities doing business together, there is no basis for Mr Hayler’s assumption
that sales to Roxol will produce income in perpetuity for Biofuel. In
response, the plaintiffs say that there is equally no evidence that Biofuel
will have no new customers. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 128.

The plaintiffs also add that the Roxol business is part of Biofuel’s goodwill,
and therefore Mr Hayler was entitled to take it into account in his DCF
analysis. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 96 at lines 2–28.

89 I reject the defendants’ submission that Mr Hayler had no basis on which to
make the Roxol projections. The fact that Biofuel entered into and performed
five contracts for the sale of wood chips to Roxol over the six months from
November 2015 to May 2016 constitutes sufficient evidence upon which to infer
some degree of regularity in demand by Roxol for Biofuel’s wood chips. I
accept, however, that it is more difficult to say that this evidence justifies
projecting a monthly income from Roxol in perpetuity. Mr Hayler accepted that
it was possible that Roxol may never place another order for wood chips with
Biofuel again. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Certified Transcript dated 5 October 2016, Day 9, p 118 at lines 17–22.

I may have taken a different view had it been proven that Roxol had placed
regular and frequent orders with Biofuel for a substantially longer period of
time, say at least two or three years. That was not, however, the evidence.

90 But I also disagree with the plaintiffs that the possibility of attracting
new customers other than Roxol may properly be taken into account in, or
otherwise used to justify, the Roxol projections. These projections amount to
a specific forecast of future business with a specific customer. It cannot
legitimately be used by a side wind as a proxy for a general increase in sales
with Biofuel’s general body of customers. The Roxol projections must therefore
be justified by evidence pertaining to Roxol and not by evidence pertaining to
any other customer or to Biofuel’s general body of customers. Nevertheless,
for the overarching purpose of arriving at a fair value, I accept the
plaintiffs’ general point here and bear in mind that even the first defendant
agreed that it was possible for Biofuel to continue to find new customers in
the future as it had over the years. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Certified Transcript dated 29 September 2016, Day 7, p 58 at lines 21–25.

On a balance, I therefore find that Mr Hayler had a reasonable but weak basis
for making the Roxol projections, and I will have to take into account this
weakness below: see [42] above.

91 The defendants say that Biofuel’s last shipment to Roxol was in August 2016
and that, since then, there have been no more sales or shipments to Roxol. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 107.

The defendants make this assertion to undermine an existing factual basis for
the Roxol projections, and so they bear the evidential burden of proof or the
“tactical onus to contradict, weaken or explain away the evidence that has
been led” by the plaintiffs: Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank
BA (trading as Rabobank International), Singapore Branch v Motorola
Electronics Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 63 at [30]. I find that they have failed to
discharge this burden. The basis for the allegation is hearsay evidence which
was not tested at trial: Mr Reid simply states in his second report that he
was instructed by Mr Bryan Lee that this allegation was true. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 3 October 2016 at
para 28.

Mr Bryan Lee did not himself make that allegation either in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief or at trial. I therefore disregard it.

92 I appreciate that Mr Hayler attempted to take into account some of the
risks concerning the Roxol business which I have alluded to by assuming no
growth in that business. But Mr Reid is correct to point out that Mr Hayler’s
calculation of the terminal value assumes some growth in the Roxol business
after FY2020. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 3 October 2016 at
para 17.

This is because the terminal value incorporates a terminal growth rate of
4.99%, and the base value used to calculate the terminal value is the value of
discounted cash flow for the final year in the discrete forecast period, and
that value takes into account the gross profits from the Roxol business that
year: see [47] above. And Mr Hayler accepted this criticism at trial. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Certified Transcript dated 4 October 2016, Day 8, p 17 at line 23 to p 18 line
5.

Accordingly, I have to agree with the defendants that the Roxol projections
are overly optimistic.

93 I turn now to the defendants’ second principal submission on the Roxol
projections. They submit that Mr Hayler in any event failed to take into
account the cost of goods sold, comprising the cost of agent commission and
the cost of preparing and processing the wood chips for sale to Roxol, thereby
overestimating the gross profits of this business. While Mr Hayler does not
concede that he has overlooked these costs, he accepts that Mr Reid is
asserting these as additional costs which Mr Hayler should have taken into
account. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Certified Transcript dated 5 October 2016, Day 9, p 115 at lines 1–8.

In other words, Mr Hayler does not take the position (although the plaintiffs
do) that he has already taken some or all of these additional costs into
account in making the Roxol projections. So the only question here is whether
the evidence of these additional costs is credible.

94 In my judgment, the evidence of the cost of agent commission and cost of
goods sold is inadmissible as hearsay. The hearsay point is plain from Mr
Reid’s second report. He says there simply that he was “advised by Mr Bryan
Lee” on the likely cost of agent commission. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 3 October 2016 at
para 7.

During cross-examination, Mr Reid admitted that he had simply received
instructions from Mr Bryan Lee, without documentation, on the freight charges
for Biofuel’s Thailand customer which he had used to estimate the likely cost
of goods sold for Roxol. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 114 at lines 15–20.

In any event, even if it is not hearsay, the evidence is unsupported by any
documentation.

95 In response, the defendants contend that Mr Reid’s unsubstantiated
calculations of the cost of agent commission and cost of goods sold were the
best the defendants (and Mr Reid) could do in the time available given that
the Roxol projections were produced late in the proceedings. The Roxol
projections are contained in Mr Hayler’s third report dated 27 September 2016,
which was produced on the fifth day of trial. Mr Reid received the report only
on the evening of that day. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 103.

The defendants submit that since the Roxol invoices had been annexed to Mr
Reid’s first report dated 10 June 2016, Mr Hayler ought to have sought more
information on Roxol if he had regarded it as a key customer of Biofuel and
ought to have made the Roxol projections earlier in his second report dated 8
July 2016. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at para 659;
Defendants’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at paras 97–98.

96 Apart from the fact that these arguments do not change the quality of the
evidence, it appears that the defendants themselves were in fact largely
responsible for the lateness of Mr Hayler’s third report. The plaintiffs point
out that the defendants provided Biofuel’s unaudited financial statements for
FY2015 to them only on 13 September 2016. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2016 at para 124.

It is those statements, containing significant hindsight information, which
led Mr Hayler to produce his third report with a modified forecast of
Biofuel’s discounted cash flow. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

See Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 26 September
2016 at para 3.

Moreover, it is not as if Mr Hayler made no mention of Roxol in his second
report dated 8 July 2016. While he did not make a new projection, he said
specifically in that report: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 784 at
para 4.31.

Further, the new customer, Roxol, generates more than four times the gross
profit per tonne …. On that basis my forecast growth and hence valuation may
be significantly understated.

This statement, in my view, would have given the defendants at least some
notice (since 8 July 2016) that the profits generated by Roxol were going to
be a fact relevant to the assessment of Biofuel’s value. They therefore cannot
be said to have had little time to prepare to meet the substance of the Roxol
projections. I therefore reject the defendants’ submissions on this point.

97 For these reasons, I find that the Roxol projections are rightly included
in the DCF analysis but are, as I have said, overly optimistic. The
projections do not sufficiently take into account the possibility that Roxol
may not be a returning customer. To take this risk into account, I increase by
3% at a compounded rate the discount factors applicable to the free cash flows
for FY2017 to FY2020 and by 3pp the discount rate for determining the terminal
value. This adjustment is explained in greater detail below at [129]. I reject
the defendants’ other submissions on the Roxol projections.

(3) Alleged fall in Biofuel’s tipping fees

98 An essential part of Biofuel’s business is the fee it charges to receive
waste wood at its premises for disposal. The evidence is that customers pay
Biofuel an average tipping fee of $60 per tonne of waste wood so disposed. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Certified Transcript dated 23 September 2016, Day 4, p 13 at lines 6–9.

The defendants say that since the time at which the plaintiffs invested in
Biofuel, the average tipping fee it earns has fallen from $60 per tonne to $45
per tonne. This appears to be supported by Biofuel’s cash flow budget for
October 2008 to February 2009. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 1 dated 13 September 2016 at p 167.

This is ultimately irrelevant to the valuation exercise because the fall took
place before the valuation date. In any event Mr Reid accepts that Mr Hayler
performed his DCF analysis on the footing of the tipping fee being $45 per
tonne. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 144 at lines 11–15.

But the defendants also say that after June 2016, Biofuel’s average tipping
fee fell further from $45 to $10 per tonne. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016 at
paras 35.

The issue is therefore whether this allegation has been proven on the balance
of probabilities. If it has, then the fall in tipping fees should be taken
into account in the estimate by reducing Biofuel’s projected annual revenue in
the discrete forecast period, as Mr Reid proposes. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016 at
para 49.

99 The defendants’ main evidence of the fall consists of 15 tax invoices
addressed to various clients who delivered waste to Biofuel’s premises for
disposal. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Trial Exhibits D17 to D31.

The defendants did not disclose these invoices in discovery before trial.
Instead, they tendered them only at trial, and even then at a very late stage.
Four of the invoices bear dates between June 2014 and June 2015 and show
tipping fees between $45 and $48 per tonne of “timber waste” or “horticultural
waste”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Trial Exhibits D17, D18, D30 and D31.

The remaining 11 invoices all bear the same date, 26 September 2016, and show
tipping fees of between $5 and $15 per tonne for the same type of waste. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Trial Exhibits D19 to D29.

100 The plaintiffs say that the latter 11 invoices are unreliable evidence for
a number of reasons. First, the plaintiffs say that not only are these
invoices disclosed very late, they are all dated the same day, being 26
September 2016, during the course of the trial. They invite me to draw the
inference that these invoices are not genuine but are recent fabrications to
support the defendants’ case. Second, even if the invoices are genuine, there
is no evidence that the tipping fee of $10 applied any time before or after 26
September 2016. It is possible that the 11 invoices are evidence merely of a
one-off or one-day special rate charged only on 26 September 2016. The
plaintiffs rely in particular on the fact that Biofuel’s business development
manager, Mr David Lee, specifically checked, approved and countersigned each
of these 11 invoices but not the four other invoices which are dated between
June 2014 and June 2015 and which show significantly higher tipping fees of
$45 to $48 per tonne. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Certified Transcript dated 7 October 2016, Day 11, p 22 at line 18 to p 24 at
line 17.

The plaintiffs then highlight the following part of Mr Bryan Lee’s cross-
examination in which he accepts the limits of what the invoices tendered could
prove: 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Certified Transcript dated 7 October 2016, Day 11, p 34 at lines 8–16.

Q. Okay. Mr Lee, when did the price change?

A. Somewhere in early of 2016.

Q. Early of 2016, is it?

A. Yes.

Q. Is there any document here today to prove that?

A. I didn’t bring it here.

Q. In fact, Mr Lee, for all we know, the price only changed on 26 September
itself, correct?

A. Yes, based on these 15 invoices.

101 I reject the plaintiffs’ submission that these invoices are fabricated. If
the defendants had intended to fabricate invoices, it appears to me unlikely
that they would have fabricated 11 invoices for a single date.

102 However, I agree with the plaintiffs that the invoices do not prove that
there has been a permanent drop in the tipping fees that Biofuel could charge
its customers. This appears instead to me to be a case of selective
disclosure. What strikes me about these invoices is that the defendants have
shown themselves capable of producing invoices issued as far back as June
2014. Yet, in order to persuade me that there has been a permanent drop in
tipping fees, they have chosen not to produce any invoices issued in 2016
other than the 11 invoices issued on that single day, 26 September 2016. I
accept the plaintiffs’ submission that the general import of these invoices is
highly suspect.

103 The plaintiffs further contend that even if the drop in tipping fees did
take place, it happened only in 2016, ie after the valuation date, so the drop
“should not be retrospectively utilised by the Defendant now to justify a low
valuation at the time of the oppressive acts in July 2014”. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions dated 20 January 2017 at para 123.

I disagree. As a matter of principle, for the reasons I have explained at [52]
and [54] above, I would have taken the drop in tipping fees into account, if I
was of the view that the drop had been proven on the balance of probabilities,
as hindsight information relevant to my assessment of Mr Hayler’s DCF
analysis. In fact, the plaintiffs are taking inconsistent positions if they
ask me to disregard a drop in tipping fees in 2016 but at the same time to
consider Biofuel’s business with Roxol, both of which happened (or are said to
have happened) after the valuation date. I therefore reject the plaintiffs’
submission in this regard.

104 My final observation here relates to Mr Reid’s view of his adjustment of
Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis to take into account the alleged drop in tipping
fees. It appears to me that Mr Reid did not himself believe that the equity
value of negative $33.9m which he derived after that adjustment was a
realistic representation of its true value at all. This emerged after I asked
Mr Reid a short series of questions, as I was fully entitled to do (s 167 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed); Hum Weng Fong v Koh Siang Hong [2008]
3 SLR(R) 1137 at [29]), especially since the evidence was technical in nature.
As Denning LJ (as he then was) said in Jones v National Coal Board [1957] 2 QB
55 at 65:

[A] judge is not only entitled but is, indeed, bound to intervene at any stage
of a witness’s evidence if he feels that, by reason for the technical nature
of the evidence or otherwise, it is only by putting questions of his own that
he can properly follow and appreciate what the witness is saying.

105 To elaborate, I note that the alleged fall in tipping fees accounts for
the most significant adjustment which Mr Reid made to the projected annual
revenue in the discrete forecast period in Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis. This can
be seen from the table in Mr Reid’s second report which sets out this
deduction, and the resulting equity value of negative $33.9m. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016 at
para 49.

Mr Reid’s adjustment is in effect to deduct $57m from the equity value of
$23.1m which Mr Hayler calculates (see [48] above). 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016, p
9 at para 65.

A reasonable observer would have considered this highly unrealistic given that
Biofuel continues today to be a going concern and given that Mr Bryan Lee
testified that the company has had excellent prospects since 2012. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Certified Transcript dated 28 September 2016, Day 6, p 110 at lines 1–4.

106 That aside, it appears from the following exchange I had with Mr Reid that
even he did not believe that Biofuel was worth negative $33.9m: 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 144 at line 6 to p 145
line 20.

COURT: … I’m asking about your report, or at least this table [ie the table
summarising Mr Reid’s proposed adjustments to Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis], then.
Aren’t you putting it forward to me as a realistic representation of the
company’s prospects over the next five years, four years?

MR REID: I’m putting it to your Honour as it is adjusting Mr Hayler’s
projections for one – one scenario and the scenario is that the 2015 FY
results had tipping charges at $45 a tonne and it is on that basis that the –
he has prepared his forecast based on FY 2015 plus 5 per cent.

Now, if FY 2015 included tipping charges at $45 a tonne, and they are now $10,
there is a need to adjust the forecast to reflect the drop of the tipping
charges by $35 a tonne, and this is what this does.

COURT: Right, and you’ve adjusted it and you put this forward as being
accurate with that adjustment?

MR REID: I have put it as a scenario, as I have done throughout my report. My
report –

COURT: Mr Reid, is it accurate or not accurate?

MR REID: It amends Mr Hayler’s projections to reflect my understanding of a
drop in the tipping charges.

COURT: To reflect your understanding of the accurate position of the
defendants, today and for the next four years?

MR REID: To reflect – I can’t do any more, I’m sorry, your Honour by saying
that it adjusts the tipping charges. That’s what it does, from 45 to $10.

COURT: So that’s all it does?

MR REID: Yes, it does.

COURT: That’s all it does?

MR REID: Yes.

COURT: So you’re not putting it forward as an accurate reflection of the
company’s state going forward?

MR REID: That is right.

COURT: You are not putting it forward on that basis?

MR REID: I’m putting forward as one of many scenarios that I’m putting forward
to the court to say if this adjustments are made, this is the impact.

COURT: Okay.

107 It is clear from this exchange that Mr Reid was not prepared to commit
himself to the position that his adjustment for the alleged fall in tipping
fees yielded a fair equity value for Biofuel. This lack of commitment applies
to all the results he obtained for all the adjustments he proposed. But it is
most stark in relation to his adjustment for the alleged fall in tipping fees
because of the size of that adjustment ($57m), because of the effect of the
adjustment on the equity value (turning a significantly positive equity value
significantly negative) and because of his own answers in the exchange I have
quoted above. And that is why I have chosen to make this observation here. In
positive terms, Mr Reid was prepared to say only that he had arrived at his
results by taking into account instructions on Biofuel’s business which he had
received from Mr Bryan Lee. The inference that I draw from this aspect of Mr
Reid’s expert opinion evidence, therefore, is not that his opinion is
incredible, but that Mr Bryan Lee’s instructions to him on the tipping fees
are unlikely to have been accurate in the light of the objective evidence
concerning Biofuel’s good prospects (see [77] above). This, together with the
fact that those instructions are hearsay, further undermines the defendants’
case in relation to the alleged fall in tipping fees.

108 For this reason and the reasons above, I disregard the alleged fall in
tipping fees in my assessment of the fair value of Biofuel’s shares. I find
that the defendants have not succeeded in proving on the balance of
probabilities that there was in fact such a fall.

The discount rate

109 I turn now to the discount rate. There is one main issue here, which is
whether Mr Hayler used a reasonable cost of equity in calculating the
appropriate discount rate to be applied in his DCF analysis. I will first
briefly explain the method for calculating a company’s cost of equity before
examining the parties’ submissions on the expert evidence.

110 The discount rate chosen by Mr Hayler is the weighted average cost of
Biofuel’s capital or WACC. As I have mentioned (at [46] above), WACC is a
measure of a company’s return to those who finance its business by both debt
and equity, ie its lenders and shareholders. It is common ground that the
formula for calculating the WACC of a company is set out and explained in Mr
Hayler’s first report as follows: 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 102 at
para A6.3.

The formula for calculating a post-tax WACC is:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

where:

Ke is the cost of equity, i.e. the return required by shareholders;

Kd is the pre-tax cost of debt, i.e. the return required by debt holders;

E is the market value of equity;

D is the market value of debt; and

T is the marginal tax rate on profits.

111 The defendants contest the value of the cost of equity (Ke) which Mr
Hayler uses in applying the above formula. A company’s cost of equity
essentially denotes the rate of return expected in the capital market on
investments that have similar relevant risks. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 102 at
para A6.6.

It can be seen from the formula above that the greater the cost of equity, the
greater the WACC, ie, the greater the discount rate to be applied to Biofuel’s
free cash flows.

112 Cost of equity is commonly estimated using the capital asset pricing model
(“CAPM”). This model hypothesises that the expected or required rate of return
on an individual security is equal to the risk-free return plus an equity
market risk premium adjusted to reflect the systemic volatility of the
particular security concerned. For the purposes of Biofuel, Mr Hayler modifies
the CAPM approach to take into account the risks associated with smaller
companies and also the country-specific risks of investing in Singapore. His
modified formula for calculating Biofuel’s cost of equity, which again is not
disputed by the parties, is set out and explained in his first report as
follows: 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 102 at
para A6.7

Under the traditional CAPM approach, the cost of equity of a company may be
expressed as follows:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

Where:

Rf represents the risk-free ratio (usually taken as the market yield on a
government security of the same maturity as the investment being considered);

βe (“beta”) represents the relative risk of the company being valued as
compared to the risk of the market portfolio – a security with a beta of 1
would be expected to change value in line with the market;

E(Rm) represents the expected rate of return on a market portfolio; and

E(Rm) – Rf represents the equity market risk premium (“EMRP”) i.e. the return
the market portfolio is expected to generate in excess of the risk free rate.

Empirical studies indicate that the CAPM may understate the estimated cost of
equity (Ke) for smaller companies. I have therefore modified the CAPM formula
to include what is termed a small stock risk premium (“SSRP”).

Additionally I have considered whether it is necessary to apply a country risk
premium (“CRP”) to account for the country-specific risks of investing in
Singapore.

Adjusting for the above, the cost of equity is expressed as follows:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

(1) Small Stock Risk Premium

113 The parties disagree on whether Mr Hayler has used an appropriate small-
stock risk premium (“SSRP”) for calculating Biofuel’s cost of equity. The SSRP
reflects the excess return that investing in small companies provides over a
risk-free rate. Excess return compensates investors for taking on a higher
risk of equity investing. The more specific relevant risk which the SSRP
reflects is risk associated with smaller firm size. Accordingly, SSRP values
are derived from statistics on premiums which are ordered by firm size.

114 According to Mr Hayler, the best-known and probably most widely used
series of statistics about firm size premiums is published by Ibbotson
Associates, a financial research and information firm. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016 at p 107
at para A6.25.

The Ibbotson statistics estimate the size of the SSRP using a historical
analysis of US share prices. The statistics are divided into ten deciles of
companies, ranked by market capitalisation. In the following passage, Mr
Hayler explains his reason for choosing for Biofuel the SSRP for companies in
the 10th decile or Decile 10, which is 6.01%: 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016 at p 107
at para A6.27.

Companies in the 10th decile of Ibbotson Associates’ analysis have market
capitalisations of USD 339 million or below. Biofuel Industries’ equity value
falls within this range. Ibbotson Associates estimates that SSRP for companies
in this decile is 6.01%. I have adopted this SSRP in my analysis.

115 The defendants submit that Mr Hayler unreasonably omitted to consider
placing Biofuel into smaller sub-categories within Decile 10 in any of his
reports, and in so doing, he attempted deliberately to mislead the court. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Defendants’ Closing Submissions dated 23 December 2016 at paras 557, 561, 565
and 569.

Ibbotson divides Decile 10 into four sub-deciles, classified by smaller ranges
of market capitalisation of between zero and US$300m. Relying on Mr Reid’s
opinion, the defendants submit that Mr Hayler should have adopted the SSRP for
Decile 10z which is for companies with a market capitalisation between US$3m
and USD$115.9m. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016 at
para 56.

The SSRP for Decile 10z is 11.98%. The difference between this figure and the
SSRP for Decile 10 (6.01%) is 5.97pp. Using the SSRP for Decile 10z would
therefore increase Biofuel’s cost of equity by close to 6pp. This is because
the SSRP is incorporated into the cost of equity by simple addition, as can be
seen from the formula at [112] above. Applying the formula at [110] above, the
defendants’ suggested adjustment has the effect of increasing Biofuel’s WACC
from 13.2% to 18.1%. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Trial Exhibit D12, Timothy Reid’s Second Expert Report dated 1 October 2016 at
para 62.

These figures are not disputed by the parties.

116 I reject the defendants’ submission that Ibbotson’s Decile 10z is
appropriate. I prefer instead Mr Hayler’s explanation in cross-examination as
to why Decile 10z is clearly inappropriate. He explained that Decile 10z
generally applies to large companies which are on the brink of insolvency or
actually in liquidation. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Certified Transcript dated 5 October 2016, Day 9, p 12 at lines 4–23.

Mr Reid was expressly given an opportunity to rebut Mr’s Hayler’s view on
Decile 10z. But he declined to address that point, preferring instead to state
only that he believed that it was appropriate in principle to use sub-
categories within Decile 10: 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Certified Transcript dated 5 October 2016, Day 9, p 16 at line 14 to p 17 at
line 25.

MR JONES: I’d like Mr Reid to comment generally on the … SSRP in general, your
Honour, please. Mr Reid, please comment, please give your expert opinion.

...

MR REID: … I believe that there is a good basis for smaller companies to have
a higher risk premium and if within the 10th decile there is a subcategory, I
believe it is appropriate to use it and I have in the past.

COURT: So you don’t want to address Mr Hayler’s specific point that
subcategory 10z is for companies that are virtually on the brink of insolvency
or in insolvency?

MR REID: No, I don’t want to address that.

COURT: Okay.

117 Given that Mr Hayler had good reasons for not using the SSRP for Decile
10z, I find that it was appropriate for him not to have referred to it in any
of his expert reports. If he had referred to it, his analysis would no doubt
have appeared more persuasive and complete. But he cannot be expected to have
anticipated in his reports every issue which the defendants would raise, not
least when Decile 10z itself was not even mentioned in Mr Reid’s first report.
Mr Reid wrote that report in part to respond to Mr Hayler’s first report in
which Mr Hayler had referred to Decile 10. In any event, any omission in
regard to Decile 10z was remedied by Mr Hayler’s oral evidence in which he
explained why he thought Decile 10z was unsuitable. Accordingly, there is no
basis on which the defendants may impugn Mr Hayler’s credibility for his
failure to refer to Decile 10z in any of his reports.

(2) Additional firm-specific risk premium

118 There is a second adjustment to the cost of equity proposed by Mr Reid
which the defendants advanced at trial but did not pursue in their
submissions. I should however discuss it briefly as it is of some substance
and is relevant to the credibility of both experts.

119 In Mr Reid’s second report, he suggested that 9pp should be added to
Biofuel’s cost of equity representing an additional risk premium to reflect
the fact that Biofuel is a small undiversified private company. This is in
addition to the additional 6pp from using the SSRP for Decile 10z which I have
discussed and rejected above. Mr Reid relies on the second edition of a
valuation treatise authored by Aswath Damodaran, a noted finance professor:
Aswath Damodaran, Investment Valuation: Tools and Techniques for Determining
the Value of Any Asset (2nd Ed, 2002, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.) at 669. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Trial Exhibit D16 dated 5 October 2016.

Professor Damodaran explains that statistically, from 1990 to 2000, there was
a difference of 9pp between the average annual return on private equity and
the average annual return on publicly-quoted stocks in the United States, and
that this difference can be viewed as the premium for private firm risk which
should be added to the cost of equity for a private company.

120 Mr Reid’s reliance on this book was proven to be mistaken. The plaintiffs
produced at trial the latest edition of the same book: Aswath Damodaran,
Investment Valuation: Tools and Techniques for Determining the Value of Any
Asset (3rd Ed, 2012, John Wiley & Sons, Inc.). 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Trial Exhibit P10 dated 6 October 2016.

At page 674, Professor Damodaran revises materially the view expressed in the
earlier edition. During cross-examination, Mr Reid accepted that he had cited
an outdated authority and apologised for it. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 133 at line 25 to p 134
at line 11.

Mr Hayler explained that the figure of 9% was based on the significant returns
achieved by private equity from investments in small and undiversified
technology companies before the dot-com bubble burst. That took place around
or shortly before the second edition of Investment Valuation was published.
The result is the second edition overstated the difference between private
equity and publicly quoted companies because it could not take into account
the sharp declines in private equity returns after the dot-com bubble burst.
149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Certified Transcript dated 6 October 2016, Day 10, p 134 at line 21 to p 135
at line 12.

121 In the third edition of Investment Valuation, Professor Damodaran puts
forward three alternative methods of making adjustments for private firm risk.
The second of these methods is called the “build up approach”. Although Mr
Hayler did not refer to the third edition of Professor Damodaran’s book in his
reports, the build up approach is consistent with Mr Hayler’s approach to
calculating Biofuel’s cost of equity and confirms its soundness. Professor
Damodaran describes the build up approach (at 674) as follows:

Build up approach: In this approach, you again start with the expected return
from a conventional risk and return model, and add premiums to reflect the
special risks associated with investing in small, private businesses. Two
commonly used premiums are the small cap premium, reflecting the actual
premium earned by very small, publicly traded companies over and above the
market rate (about 4 percent to 5 percent between 1928 and 2010) and the
illiquidity premium, reflecting the higher returns earned by less liquid,
public investments (with liquidity measured in trading volume and bid-ask
spreads).

Adjusted cost of equity = Risk-free rate + Market beta × Equity risk premium +
Small cap premium + Illiquidity premium

122 It can be seen that this formula corresponds broadly to the modified CAPM
formula (see [112] above) which Mr Hayler used to calculate Biofuel’s cost of
equity. Instead of applying a small cap premium and an illiquidity (or lack of
marketability) premium, Mr Hayler applied an SSRP of 6.01%. This is clearly
permissible under the build up approach. Professor Damodaran does not seek to
limit the types of premium which can be applied only to the small cap premium
or the illiquidity premium. He gives these only as non-exhaustive examples.
Moreover, Mr Hayler did attempt to take into account the lack of marketability
of Biofuel’s shares by proposing a deduction of 10% to 20% from the share
price he arrived at. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 93 at
para A4.28.

But as I have explained at [38] above, no discount for lack of marketability
will apply in a share valuation exercise for the purpose of s 216(2) of the
Act.

123 In the light of the above, I am satisfied that Mr Hayler’s approach to and
conclusions on Biofuel’s cost of equity and WACC are reasonable. The
defendants’ criticisms of them and of Mr Hayler’s credibility are unsupported
and are rejected.

Calculation

124 The upshot of my analysis is that I accept that Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis
is broadly correct in its approach and in its assumptions, but needs to be
adjusted in two important respects. First, it should be adjusted to take into
account the risk of losing the Shipyard site before and after 2034 and the
Waterfront premises in 2024. Second, it should be adjusted to take into
account the risk that Roxol may not place any orders with Biofuel in the
future. As these are specific risks affecting specific parts of the DCF
analysis, the proper approach in my view is to make adjustments to those
specific parts in order to arrive at a fair value of Biofuel’s shares. This I
will call the targeted method of making adjustments. Next, to check the result
I have obtained using the targeted method, I will calculate the fair value of
Biofuel’s shares using a more broad-brush approach, which I will call the
extrapolation method.

Targeted method

125 I make two principal adjustments to Mr Hayler’s DCF analysis to take into
account the two risks I have mentioned above.

126 First, I increase the discount rate from Mr Hayler’s original 13.2% to
18.2%. This increase of 5pp comprises two increases in the discount rate which
I find appropriate to make. The first is an increase of 2pp representing the
risk of losing the Shipyard site before and after 2034 and the Waterfront
premises in 2024. In my judgment, 2pp is a fair figure given that neither
party is able adequately to state the likelihood that Biofuel will be able to
continue its operations at its two key properties. The second is an increase
of 3pp representing the risk that Roxol may not place any orders with Biofuel
in the future. Mr Hayler himself recommended a 3pp increase in the event that
the court came to the view that Biofuel’s business relationship with Roxol was
riskier than he had considered it to be. Thus he states in his third report:
151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Trial Exhibit P6, Richard Hayler’s Third Expert Report dated 27 September 2016
at para 29.

If the Court perceives additional risk associated with the Philippines
customer or the business as a whole, for illustrative purposes, a blended
discount rate of 16.2% (i.e. with an indicative 3% premium over my 6% small
company risk premium) would lead to an equity value of SGD14.2m, closer to the
SGD10m to SGD11m in [my first report].

127 I then apply the adjusted discount rate of 18.2% to determine the terminal
value. The formula for calculating the terminal value is well-established.
While the formula is not stated in Mr Hayler’s report, it is applied
explicitly by Mr Reid when he calculates in his first report an alternative
terminal value on the basis that Biofuel’s free cash flows ought to be
truncated at 2034: see [63] above. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Timothy Reid’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 August 2016, p 48 at
para 124.

The formula may be expressed as follows:

![Math Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

In this formula, TV refers to terminal value. FCFn refers to the free cash
flow for the final year in the discrete forecast period. g refers to the
terminal growth rate. In this case, it is undisputed that g is 4.99%. And r
refers to the discount rate, which I have adjusted from 13.2% to 18.2%.

128 I do not apply the 18.2% discount rate to the free cash flows in the
discrete forecast period. I take this approach for two reasons. First, I
consider that the risk of losing the Shipyard site materialises significantly
only beyond 2020, since the JTC has shown no signs of wishing to evict Biofuel
in the near term, for the reasons provided at [65] above. In the same vein, I
consider that the risk of losing the Waterfront premises materialises only in
2024 when the licence expires. That is beyond FY2020, being the final year of
the discrete forecast period. Therefore, the added 2pp should feature as late
as possible in the DCF analysis, and the latest possible component is the
terminal value, which is an estimate of the present value of the future cash
flows beyond the discrete forecast period: see [44] above. Second, the risk of
losing the Roxol business again materialises only from FY2017 onwards. Biofuel
did perform actual sales with Roxol in FY2016 and the revenue from those sales
contributes to Biofuel’s free cash flow in that year. So the 3pp should be
added to the discount rates applicable only to the free cash flows for FY2017
onwards.

129 Accordingly, the second principal adjustment I make is to increase by 3%
at a compounded rate the discount factors applicable to the free cash flows
for FY2017 to FY2020. At this point, I must state that neither expert has
explained the method for calculating the discount factor applicable to the
free cash flows in each year in the discrete forecast period. In particular,
they have not explained how the discount factor takes into account the
applicable discount rate or WACC, which is a different concept. If it were
only the discount rate or WACC I were adjusting for the discrete forecast
period, there would be no need to compound it, because the compounding effect
is already taken into account in the standard DCF analysis. But what is clear
to me from the evidence is that the discount factor is a multiplier which is
applied to a year’s free cash flow, which is the multiplicand. This is the
method by which a discounted cash flow is derived from a free cash flow within
the discrete forecast period. It is therefore fair and reasonable to increase
the discount factor, ie the multiplier, by 3% at a compounded rate, for the
years FY2017 to FY2020 to take into account the risk of losing the Roxol
business from FY2017 onwards.

130 The two principal adjustments which I have made to Mr Hayler’s DCF
analysis are summarised in the following table. The original values, found in
the rows labelled “Free Cash Flow” and “Original discount factor”, are taken
from Annexure B of Mr Hayler’s third report, which sets out his calculation of
Biofuel’s equity value. Cash flow, value and debt figures are expressed in
millions of SGD unless otherwise stated.

| FY2015| FY2016| FY2017| FY2018| FY2019| FY2020| Terminal value  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Free Cash Flow| -74| 2,408| 2,812| 3,146| 3,269| 3,397| 3,397  
Original discount factor| 0.94| 0.84| 0.74| 0.65| 0.58| 0.51| 0.51  
Adjusted discount factor| 0.94| 0.84| 0.72| 0.61| 0.53| 0.45| 0.45  
Discount-ed FCF| -70| 2,023| 2,018| 1,920| 1,720| 1,515| 12,041  
Enterprise value| 21,168| Share value rounded off to two decimal
placesPurchase price rounded off to nearest ten dollars  
Net debt| 8,790| Share value| $1.86  
Equity value| 12,378| Purchase price| $3,100,000  
  
131 Therefore, applying the targeted method, I arrive at a purchase price of
$3,094,580.45, on the basis that the plaintiffs own 1,666,667 out of the
6,666,667 existing shares in Biofuel or approximately 25% of Biofuel’s
shareholding as at the valuation date, 29 July 2014. I round that number up to
$3.1m for ease of computation, bearing in mind that this is necessarily an
imprecise exercise. That is equivalent to rounding the price per share to
$1.86.

Extrapolation method

132 I turn now to explain extrapolation method, which I have employed purely
to cross-check the result I have obtained using the targeted method.

133 I begin by noting that in Mr Hayler’s third report and in Mr Reid’s second
report, each expert has arrived at a different equity value by applying a
different discount rate to the same set of free cash flows, ie the set
calculated by Mr Hayler in his third report. I have found no reason to make
adjustments to that set of free cash flows given that my findings on the cost
of the Project, Biofuel’s future business with Roxol and the alleged fall in
Biofuel’s tipping fees are largely against the defendants. Moreover, nobody
has suggested in these proceedings that either expert has made any
arithmetical errors in applying the DCF method in these two reports.
Therefore, those equity values may be assumed to have been calculated from
reliable base values and to have been calculated without arithmetical error.
And I therefore have before me four plot points:

(a) A discount rate of 13.2% yields an equity value of $23.1m, according to Mr
Hayler’s third report at para 36;

(b) A discount rate of 16.2% yields an equity value of $14.2m, according to Mr
Hayler’s third report at para 29;

(c) A discount rate of 18.1% yields an equity value of $10.695m, according to
Mr Reid’s second report at para 62; and

(d) A discount rate of 25.4% yields an equity value of $3.289m, according to
Mr Reid’s second report at para 62.

134 The extrapolation method, in essence, cuts through all of the variables in
all of the equations in the DCF analysis and, assuming a particular set of
free cash flow values, seeks to identify a direct mathematical relationship
between a given discount rate and a given, correctly-derived, equity value.

135 I have plotted on a graph (reproduced below) the four plot points from the
two experts. Each point represents one of the pairs of values stated at [132]
above. I have also used a spreadsheet program to plot the trend line which
best accommodates these four plot points.

136 It can be seen that the trend line enjoys a very close fit with the four
plot points. The closeness of the fit, indicated by the coefficient of
determination (R2 = 0.999) on the graph, suggests that both experts used the
same method to calculate Biofuel’s equity value. That is only to be expected.
It also suggests that the trend line can be used to approximate Biofuel’s
equity value for Mr Hayler’s set of free cash flow values at other discount
rates with a fairly high degree of accuracy.

137 Using the same spreadsheet program yields the following equation for the
equity value, with y representing the equity value and x representing the
discount rate: y = 1305.1x2 – 665.12x \+ 88.052. Thus, solving the equation
for a given discount rate as x enables one to obtain a close approximation of
the equity value as y. The issue is therefore the proper discount rate which
should be plugged in as x.

138 I take as my starting point the adjusted discount rate of 18.2% which I
derived under the primary targeted method. I note that under the targeted
method, the discount rate was used only to determine the terminal value,
although specific adjustments were made to the discount rates in the discrete
forecast period starting from FY2017. On the other hand, the discount rates
which serve as plot points in the graph above were applied by the experts
comprehensively (in accordance with the DCF method), ie to all free cash flows
in the discrete forecast period as well as to determine the terminal value. It
is therefore necessary to compensate for the difference in the premises upon
which I have applied the discount rate under the targeted method to derive a
discount rate to use in the extrapolation method. This can be done
approximately by using a value for x which is slightly lower than 18.2% in the
equation. In my judgment, 17% is a suitable value.

139 Setting x equal to 17% or 0.17, the equation yields approximately 12.699
as the value of y. This means that applying a 17% discount rate under a DCF
analysis of the type undertaken by both experts, all other things being equal,
would yield an equity value of approximately $12.7m. That translates to a
purchase price of $3.17m for the plaintiffs’ 25% shareholding. These figures
are very close to the equity value and purchase price which I have derived
under the targeted method, which are $12.38m and $3.1m. In my view, this
verifies the correctness of the latter figures as well as the process by which
they were calculated.

140 As the targeted method founded on the experts’ evidence is my primary
method for making adjustments based on my assessment of the parties’
submissions and the evidence, I use the results obtained under that method to
make the buy-out order in the present case.

Judgment

141 I therefore make the following orders, having regard to the plaintiffs’
prayers for relief in their amended Statement of Claim dated 2 September 2016:
153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) dated 2 September 2016 at p 25.

(a) I order the first and second defendants, under s 216(2)(d) of the Act, to
purchase the plaintiffs’ 1,666,667 shares in the third defendant at $1.86 per
share at a total purchase price of $3.1m broken down as follows:

(i) The first and second defendants shall be jointly and severally liable to
purchase 300,000 shares in the third defendant from the first plaintiff at a
total consideration of $558,000;

(ii) The first and second defendants shall be jointly and severally liable to
purchase 300,000 shares in the third defendant from the second plaintiff at a
total consideration of $558,000; and

(iii) The first and second defendants shall be jointly and severally liable to
purchase 1,066,667 shares in the third defendant from the third plaintiff at a
total consideration of $1,984,000.

(b) I dismiss prayer 3, which seeks as an alternative remedy an order to wind
up the third defendant under s 216(2)(f) of the Act; and

(c) I dismiss prayers 4 and 5, which seek damages, equitable compensation, and
an account of profits for the first defendant’s alleged breach of fiduciary
duty.

I dismiss prayers 4 and 5 on the basis that the plaintiffs have abandoned
these prayers. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Certified Transcript dated 20 February 2017, Day 12, p 8 at lines 24–29 and p
9 at line 4.

Costs

142 Having foreshadowed my judgment and a summary of my reasons to the
parties, I then heard them on costs. I have, somewhat unusually under the
current costs regime, ordered that the costs which I have awarded be taxed. It
appears to me that taxation is necessary because the cost schedules for both
parties appear to propose excessive sums for party and party costs. I
therefore asked the parties to focus their costs submissions on liability for
costs.

143 The trial of this matter commenced on Tuesday, 20 September 2016. Just
before trial commenced, on Friday, 16 September 2016, the plaintiffs served an
offer to settle on the defendants. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Notes of Evidence dated 3 July 2017, p 10 at lines 13–31.

They offered to settle this matter by selling their shares in Biofuel to the
first and second defendants at $1.30 per share. That offer did not expire, was
not withdrawn and was not accepted by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs have, of
course, beaten their offer. I have ordered the defendants to purchase the
plaintiffs’ shares at $1.86 per share. Therefore, pursuant to O 22A r 9(1) of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Ed), the plaintiffs ask for their
costs: (a) assessed on the standard basis from 21 April 2015 (when they
commenced suit) up to the date on which they served their offer to settle (16
September 2016); and (b) assessed on the indemnity basis from 16 September
2016 until the date of my decision. Needless to say, regardless of the
plaintiffs’ having beaten the offer to settle, I retain the ultimate
discretion whether to order costs on these bases: O 22A r 12 of the Rules of
Court.

144 The defendants submit that I should disregard the plaintiffs’ offer to
settle because it was not a genuine attempt to reach a compromise for two
reasons: (i) because of the price at which the plaintiffs offered to sell
their shares; and (ii) because the plaintiffs made the offer on the eve of the
trial. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Notes of Evidence dated 3 July 2017, p 14 at lines 22–23 and p 16 at lines
10–19.

I reject both reasons.

145 I find that the price of $1.30 which the plaintiffs offered was a genuine
attempt at compromise. That price incorporated a substantial discount both to
the plaintiffs’ best case when the offer was put forward and also to the
ultimate price which I have now found. In his first report, Mr Hayler opined
that the value of shares in Biofuel was $1.50 to $1.65, if there was to be no
discount for non-marketability. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Richard Hayler’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 10 August 2016, p 26 at
para 1.43.

I have held that there is to be no such discount (see [38] above). Mr Hayler’s
first report was available to the defendants at the time of the offer. The
price which the plaintiffs offered, of $1.30 per share, is about 20% below the
prices put forward by Mr Hayler in that report. The price which the plaintiffs
offered is also lower than what I have found to be the true value of Biofuel’s
shares, which is $1.86 per share. The plaintiffs’ offer was eminently
reasonable at the time it was made.

146 Further, there is no basis – whether as a matter of principle or authority
– to argue that an offer to settle is not a genuine attempt to compromise
simply because it is served shortly before the trial and regardless of the
content of the offer. The defendants rely on CCM Industrial Pte Ltd v
Uniquetech Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 20 at [15] to argue the opposite. The
argument is misconceived. In that case, the Chan Sek Keong CJ criticised an
appellant for wasting time and generating unnecessary costs. The appellant
rejected the respondent’s offer to settle only to serve – many months later
and in the week before trial – a counter-offer on exactly the same terms. That
set of circumstances is very different from those before me. The defendants in
the present case at no point offered to buy the plaintiffs out at or around
$1.30 per share. The only offer to settle which the defendants made was an
offer made on 18 May 2015, within one month of the plaintiffs commencing this
action, offering to purchase the plaintiffs’ shares at $0.05 per share. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Notes of Evidence dated 3 July 2017, p 14 at lines 5–10.

If any offer which has been made in this action can be correctly characterised
as containing no genuine attempt to compromise, it is this offer by the
defendants. CCM Industrial does not assist the defendants. I therefore hold
that the plaintiffs’ offer to settle was a genuine offer to compromise.

147 The defendants also ask me to depart from the general principle that costs
should follow the event. They do so for two principal reasons. First, the
defendants say that the plaintiffs in their pleadings made baseless
accusations of misconduct against the first defendant. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Defendants’ Skeletal Submissions on Costs dated 3 July 2017 at paras 10–15 and
paras 18–37.

The plaintiffs accused him of overpaying himself and depriving Biofuel of its
capital allowances, among other things, only to abandon their claim against
him for breach of fiduciary duty when they belatedly acknowledged that there
was insufficient evidence to make the allegations, let alone to make good the
allegations. One particularly serious allegation which was abandoned was that
the first defendant improperly and dishonestly disposed of Biofuel’s assets,
including a forklift and an excavator. The defendants point out the particular
seriousness of this allegation and ask specifically that I award to them the
significant costs which they incurred to refute it.

148 Second, the defendants argue that Mr Hayler’s third report was produced on
the fifth day of (an eleven-day) trial as a tactical move to undermine the
quality of any rebuttal Mr Reid would be able to give as he would have only a
short time to prepare it and even that while distracted by the ongoing trial.
The defendants repeat their submission that Mr Hayler ought to have addressed
the evidence on Roxol in his second report, served before the trial, because
that evidence was already available to him through Mr Reid’s first report, but
for tactical reasons chose not to. I have considered and rejected this
submission at [96] above.

149 I was initially inclined to accept the plaintiffs’ submission and award
the plaintiff standard costs up to the date of its offer to settle and
indemnity costs after that date. However, I accept the defendants’ submission
that the plaintiffs’ preparation and presentation of their case on the first
defendants’ alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and fraud – and the late
withdrawal of those aspects of its case – put the defendants to unnecessary
expense for an unnecessarily long period of time. This includes the
defendants’ costs in having to refute the specific allegation concerning
Biofuel’s forklift and excavator. Therefore, I exercise my discretion not to
award the plaintiffs the order for costs which they seek. Instead, I award the
plaintiffs standard costs for the entire action. The margin between the costs
I would have otherwise awarded to the plaintiffs and the costs which I have
actually awarded to the plaintiffs takes into account the additional wasted
costs to which the defendants have been put.

150 I therefore order that the first and second defendants shall pay to the
plaintiffs their costs of and incidental to the entire action, such costs to
be assessed on the standard basis and to be taxed if not agreed.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Ian Lim, Nicole Wee and Grace Chan (TSMP Law Corporation)  
for the plaintiffs;  
Simon Dominic Jones (Grays LLC)  
for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

