Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 25

Criminal Case No 48 of 2015

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Public Prosecutor

And

Sinnappan a/l Nadarajah  
---  
  
… Accused

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Illegal
importation of controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Sinnappan a/l Nadarajah

  

[2017] SGHC 25

High Court — Criminal Case No 48 of 2015  
Chan Seng Onn J  
22, 23, 30 September; 1, 2 October 2015; 28–30 June; 1 July; 1 November 2016  

10 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused claimed trial to a single charge under s 7 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”). In the morning of 16 May 2012,
the accused drove a car into Singapore and was stopped at Singapore Customs
for a routine inspection. A bundle in black tape was found within a tissue box
behind the rear passenger seats of the car. The bundle contained four packets
of crystalline substance which was later identified to comprise not less than
319.37 g of methamphetamine.

2 The accused’s defence was essentially that his wife’s cousin, one Ravindran,
had planted the bundle of drugs in the car without the accused’s knowledge,
after the accused had rejected Ravindran’s request for him to bring the bundle
into Singapore. The only reason why the accused wanted to enter Singapore was
to apply for a personal loan at a bank in Woodlands. The defence points to the
fact that at the time of arrest, the accused was found in possession of
various documents – income statements, utilities bills and a letter confirming
his employment – that were required for the application of such a loan. In
turn, the Prosecution relied on mobile phone records that, in its submission,
revealed a collaboration between the accused and Ravindran to import
controlled drugs into Singapore.

3 Upon a careful consideration of all the material before me, I find that the
accused has not produced evidence of the required strength and relevance in
order to rebut the statutory presumption of knowledge. Section 18(2) of the
MDA places that burden on him, and I do not consider that he has succeeded in
discharging that burden. I also find that the elements of the offence under s
7 of the MDA have been satisfied.

4 I therefore find the accused guilty of the offence for which he has been
charged. I will explain my reasons.

The charge

5 The accused, Sinnappan A/L Nadarajah (“the Accused”) claimed trial to a
single charge against him (“the Charge”) which states as follows:

That you, SINNAPPAN A/L NADARAJAH,

are charged that you, on the 16th day of May 2012, at or about 6.17 a.m., at
the Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore, in a Malaysian registered car JDH 7952,
did import a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to wit, four (4) packets of
crystalline substance weighing 498.2 grams, which were analysed and found to
contain not less than 319.37 grams of methamphetamine, without any
authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 7 and punishable under section
33 of the said Act, and further upon your conviction under section 7 of the
said Act, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under section 33B of
the said Act.

Undisputed facts

The Accused

6 The Accused is a Malaysian national who was 27 years old at the time of his
arrest. He lived together with his wife, Vasagi A/P Madavan (“Vasagi”), and
two children as well as his wife’s sister and parents at 44 Jalan Pulai 47
Taman Pulai Utama 81300 Skudai Johor. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

AB 295 at [1].

The Accused had been working in Singapore for various employers since 2004.
Since January 2012, he had been working for Keppel Logistics at Tuas,
Singapore, as a forklift driver, earning an average monthly income of $1,500.
2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB 297 at [8].

The Accused owned a car and a motorcycle.

7 The Accused’s 55-year-old father-in-law, Madavan A/L Madavan (“Madavan”),
was a cleaning services contractor. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

AB 296 at [5].

Madavan owned a car bearing Malaysian registration number JDH 7952 (“the Car”)
which he had purchased second-hand in 2004. At the material time, the Car had
been used for a total of 18 years. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

NE 30 June 2016 p28 lines 18 to 25.

The arrest

8 On 16 May 2012, at about 6.15am, the Accused entered Woodlands Checkpoint in
Singapore, having driven the Car from Malaysia in Singapore alone. Staff
Sergeant Xu Youguang Benjamin (“SSGT Xu”) directed the Accused to enter Lane 1
for a routine inspection. Sergeant Muhammad Hidayat Bin Jasni (“SGT Hidayat”)
then conducted a search on the Car. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB 250 at [4].

9 While SGT Hidayat was checking the area behind the rear passenger seats, he
noticed a tissue box with a cover draped over it. He lifted the tissue box and
felt that it was unusually heavy. SGT Hidayat checked the inside of the tissue
box and found a bundle wrapped in black tape. He then informed his party of
officers about his discovery. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB 251 at [5].

Senior Station Inspector Neo Han Siong (“SSI Neo”), who was the team leader
for the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) on duty that day, instructed SSGT Xu
to arrest the Accused. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB 241 at [5].

10 The CNB officers subsequently conducted a further search of the Car but did
not find any other incriminating material.

The evidence

11 A large number of exhibits were seized by CNB officers in the course of
their investigations. It suffices for present purposes to identify the more
significant aspects of the evidence. Where necessary, I will describe other
features of the evidence subsequently in this judgment.

The drug exhibits

12 On the same day, at about 11.20am, the black bundle and its contents were
photographed by CNB officers in the presence of the Accused. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB 279 at [3].

The bundle, which was found wrapped in black tape, was marked as “A1A”. A1A
was then unwrapped. The tape itself was marked as “A1A-W”. Inside A1A were
four re-sealable plastic packets, each containing crystalline substance. Three
of these four plastic packets were each contained within exterior plastic
packets. Those three exterior plastic packets were collectively marked as
“A1A2”, and the three packets themselves were collectively marked as “A1A2A”.
The remaining (fourth) plastic packet was marked as “A1A1”. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB 280 at [5] to [7].

13 Lim Jong Lee Wendy, an Analyst with the Illicit Drugs Laboratory of the
Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) conducted analysis of the exhibits A1A1 and
A1A2A, and produced two certificates. She found that: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

AB 222 and 223.

A1A1 was one packet containing 120.8 g of crystalline substance, which was
analysed and found to contain not less than 74.77 g of methamphetamine.

A1A2A consisted of three packets containing 377.4 g of crystalline substance,
which was analysed and found to contain not less than 244.6 g of
methamphetamine.

14 Accordingly, A1A1 and A1A2A contained a total of 498.2 g of crystalline
substance, which was found to contain not less than 319.37 g of
methamphetamine. I will refer to A1A-W, A1A2, A1A2A and A1A1 collectively as
“the Drug Exhibits”.

Statements from the Accused

15 A total of seven statements were taken from the Accused. This comprised one
contemporaneous statement, one cautioned statement recorded under s 23 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) and five long
statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC.

The Accused’s mobile phones

16 A total of three mobile phones were seized from the Accused:

The first is a “Sony Ericsson K800i” mobile phone, marked as “SN-HP1”,
containing one “hi!” Universal Subscriber Identity Module (“SIM”) card and one
“SanDisk” 2GB Micro SD card. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AB 37 at [4].

The second is a “Sony Ericsson W100i” mobile phone, marked as “SN-HP2”,
containing one “DiGi” SIM card and one 2GB Micro SD card. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB 59 at [4].

The third is a “Sony Ericsson K320i” mobile phone, marked as “SN-HP3”,
containing one “DiGi” SIM card. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB 179 at [4].

17 For ease of reference, I will refer to the three mobile phones as “HP1”,
“HP2” and “HP3” respectively. From the data found in the three mobile phones
seized, reports were produced by the Technology Crime Forensic Branch (“TCFB”)
and the Forensic Response Team (“FORT”). The phone records – consisting of
text messages and call records – that were obtained from CNB’s data extraction
process form a key pillar of the Prosecution’s case and I will examine them in
detail subsequently.

DNA swabs

18 Attempts were made by Ang Hwee Chen, Analyst of the HSA, to generate
deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) profiles from swabs of the exterior surface of
the tissue box and the exterior and interior surfaces of the tissue box cover
from which A1A was retrieved, but none were obtained. Similarly, efforts were
made to generate DNA profiles from swabs of the Drug Exhibits but these were
also unsuccessful. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AB 228 and 229.

The Prosecution’s case

19 The Prosecution’s case is relatively straightforward. It relies first on s
21 of the MDA, which establishes that the owner or person in charge of a
vehicle in which a controlled drug is found is presumed, until the contrary is
proved, to have that drug in his possession. The Prosecution argues that given
that the methamphetamine was found inside a tissue box that was placed inside
the Car, the Accused is presumed under s 21 of the MDA to be in possession of
the methamphetamine. The Prosecution further relies on s 18(2) of the MDA,
under which any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug
in his possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have
known the nature of the drug. Given that the Accused is presumed to have had
the methamphetamine in his possession, he is, under s 18(2), also presumed to
have known its nature. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [4] and [5].

The operation of these presumptions is not contested by the Defence.

20 In essence, the Prosecution submits that the Accused entered into an
arrangement with one “Ravindran” to bring controlled drugs into Singapore.
When the Accused was arrested shortly after his entry into Singapore and was
therefore unable to deliver the drugs at the appointed place and time,
Ravindran became increasingly agitated and therefore sent the Accused a series
of angry and threatening text messages, demanding to know why the Accused was
late or had failed to turn up, and warning the Accused of the dire
consequences that the Accused would face if he did not deliver as agreed. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [92].

21 As I mentioned at [17] above, the Prosecution relies heavily on the content
of these messages and phone records. I will describe this material in greater
detail during my analysis of the parties’ submissions.

The Defence’s case

22 The Defence called a total of four witnesses, including the Accused. The
other three defence witnesses were the Accused’s wife Vasagi, his father-in-
law Madavan, and his elder brother Subramaniam A/L Madarajah.

23 The Defence submits that the Accused had no knowledge that he was
transporting the bundle containing the methamphetamine into Singapore, and
that he is therefore able to rebut the presumptions of possession and
knowledge under ss 21 and 18(2) of the MDA. In brief, Ravindran had planted
the methamphetamine in the Car in Malaysia without the Accused’s knowledge.
When the Accused left the Car to buy breakfast, Ravindran had taken the
opportunity to open one of the doors of the Car – which had faulty door locks
– and placed the bundle of methamphetamine within the tissue box behind the
rear passenger seats. The Accused had then unwittingly driven the Car into
Singapore, unaware that in so doing he was transporting methamphetamine into
the country. I will elaborate on the Defence’s version of events.

The Defence’s version of events

The Accused’s relationship with Ravindran

24 The Accused gave evidence that Ravindran (whom the Accused referred to as
“Ravi”) was his wife’s cousin. He first came to know Ravindran in 2005 through
his wife, whom he was dating at the time. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE 1 October 2015 p40 lines 28 to 31.

He described Ravindran as a bald fair-skinned man with a big tattoo on his
back near his shoulder area. The Accused often met Ravindran at functions with
family and friends and would speak to him on these occasions. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE 1 October 2015 p40 lines 5 to 8.

Ravindran owned a mobile phone shop at Taman Universiti, Johor Bahru, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE 1 October 2015 p41 lines 10 to 20.

named “Theeran Telekomunikasi”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE 1 October 2015 p43 lines 15 to 16.

The Accused worked as a part-timer in Ravindran’s shop. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 1 October 2015 p43 lines 13 to 14.

In 2012, prior to his arrest on 16 May 2012, the Accused had worked five to
six times in the shop. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 1 October 2015 p43 lines 22 to 31.

As the shop did not have fixed opening hours, the Accused would go to the shop
and do work for Ravindran only when Ravindran asked him to do so. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 1 October 2015 p44 lines 3 to 6.

The Accused explained that his job was to take damaged or spoilt mobile phones
to another shop for repairs to be carried out. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 1 October 2015 p44 lines 29 to 30.

Ravindran would pay the Accused RM30 for each day of work. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 1 October 2015 p44 lines 14 to 15.

Events on 14 May 2012

25 Vasagi gave evidence that on 14 May 2012, after the Accused had left for
work, their eldest son fell and began bleeding from his head. Vasagi removed
the tissue box (with its cover) from the Accused’s car and placed it in
Madavan’s car, ie the Car. She then asked Madavan to drive her and the
Accused’s son to a clinic. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 29 June 2015 p78 line 30 to p79 line 14.

During the journey, she used the tissue from the tissue box to stem the
bleeding. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE 29 June 2015 p80 lines 13 to 17.

Vasagi explained that she left the tissue box behind the back passenger seat
of the Car. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 29 June 2015 p81 lines 22 to 26.

The Defence produced a memo from one Dr M. Ramanathan of Klinik Rama Dan
Surgeri, located at 23 Jalan Harmoni 12, Taman Desa Skudai, 81300 Johor Bahru,
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

D9.

in support of Vasagi’s account. The memo stated that the Accused’s son, one
Shuckran s/o Sinnappan, was seen on 14 May 2012 at 1.15pm for a lacerated
wound on his forehead as a result of a fall at home, for which he was given
six stitches.

26 The relevance of this evidence, of course, is to explain the presence of
the tissue box and cover in the Car at the time of the Accused’s arrest on 16
May 2012.

Intention to apply for a bank loan

27 On 15 May 2012, the Accused applied for leave for 16 May 2012. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 1 October 2015 p67 lines 11 to 16.

He informed the court that the reason for his leave application was to attend
an appointment at a motorcycle shop in Johor Bahru on 16 May 2012 at 1pm. The
Accused wanted to sell his old motorcycle as he had placed an order with the
motorcycle shop for a new one on 13 May 2012, and had been told to return in
two to three days’ time to pay RM1,400 and sign an agreement for the new
motorcycle. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 1 October 2015 p68 line 6 to p69 line 27.

The balance RM6,000 that he would have to pay for the motorcycle was covered
by a loan from the motorcycle shop. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 1 October 2015 p75 lines 13 to 16.

28 The Accused also stated that he intended to apply for a loan with POSB Bank
(“POSB”) in Singapore on 16 May 2012, at a branch of POSB in Woodlands. He had
visited that branch sometime in March or April that year and had enquired if
he could obtain a loan of $5,000. The bank had informed him, inter alia, that
it would require confirmation that he was working at his company in Singapore,
payslips showing his income for the past three months, as well as electricity,
utilities and/or water bills to prove that he owned a house in Malaysia. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 1 October 2015 p79 lines 2 to 17.

The Accused explained that he intended to use the loan money to pay off home
and car loan instalments and other debts he owed. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 1 October 2015 p90 lines 14 to 19.

Events on 15 May 2012

29 On the night of 15 May 2012, the Accused gathered the documents that he
would need for his application the next day. From his locker at his workplace
in Singapore, he took his payslips for three months and a letter confirming
his employment. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 1 October 2015 p95 lines 15 to 26.

The electricity bill he required was taken from home. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 1 October 2015 p96 lines 27 to 30.

It is undisputed that these documents, which were tendered as exhibits in
court, 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P69, D3 and D4.

were seized from the Accused following his arrest.

30 That night, Madavan informed the Accused that he had to carry out cleaning
at “U Mall”, a shopping centre in Johor Bahru, at 5am the next day. Hearing
this, the Accused requested to use the Car on the morning of the next day
because he wanted to visit the POSB branch in Woodlands. Madavan replied that
the Accused could use the Car but told him that he should drop Madavan off at
U Mall first, and return to U Mall by 11am as he had to work at another place
thereafter. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 1 October 2015 p99 line 21 to p100 line 2.

The Defence submits that the Accused had no choice but to borrow the Car from
Madavan because his motorcycle was damaged and the road tax for his own car
had expired. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Accused’s submissions at [51] and [52].

The Defence tendered a road tax certificate for the Accused’s car, showing
that it had expired after 4 May 2012. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

D8.

31 The Accused testified that he sent a text message to Ravindran at 9pm that
night, asking if Ravindran had work for the Accused the next day. Ravindran
replied that he was unsure if he would have work for the Accused. The Accused
explained that he wanted to avoid a “misunderstanding” between him and
Ravindran that might occur the next day if the Accused was in Singapore but
Ravindran then contacted him asking him to go to work. The Accused called
Ravindran at about midnight, seeking confirmation on the matter. Ravindran
told the Accused that there would not be work, and the Accused replied, “It is
okay if there is no work. I have to go to Woodlands bank in the morning.”
Ravindran asked him what time he was going to the bank and the Accused
responded that he would leave between 5 to 5.30am on the morning of the next
day, driving Madavan’s car as his motorcycle had broken down and the road tax
for his own car had expired. Ravindran told the Accused, “If you want to go to
Singapore, you carry on.” They then ended the phone conversation. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE 1 October 2015 p100 line 15 to p101 line 19.

Events on 16 May 2012

32 The Accused woke at about 4.30am on 16 May 2012 and left home with Madavan,
driving the Car. When they reached U Mall, Madavan alighted, taking his
cleaning equipment with him. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 1 October 2015 p100 line 25 to p101 line 2.

The Accused then decided to head towards a fire station located close to the
Causeway where he could buy breakfast. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 1 October 2015 p112 lines 9 to 13.

33 On the way to the fire station, he received a call from Ravindran on HP2.
Ravindran asked the Accused where he was and the Accused responded that he was
on his way to the breakfast stall near the fire station. Ravindran told the
Accused that he wanted to see him, and that the Accused should wait at the
breakfast stall for Ravindran. The Accused replied, “Okay, okay” and ended the
conversation. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE 1 October 2015 p116 lines 1 to 13.

The Accused estimates that he arrived at the fire station at about 5.45am. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE 1 October 2015 p112 lines 28 to 29.

As he was parking the Car, he received a text message from Ravindran. The
Accused testified that he could not remember the exact words of the message
but he was essentially told to wait in the Car.

34 While he was still seated in the driver’s seat of the Car reading the
message, Ravindran came to the Car. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE 1 October 2015 p116 lines 14 to 18.

According to the Accused, the driver’s window was wound down at this point. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE 1 October 2015 p117 lines 1 to 2.

Ravindran passed the Accused a bundle through the open window and said, “You
give it in Woodlands, someone will collect it.” 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 1 October 2015 p119 lines 21 to 22.

The Accused held the bundle for only five to ten seconds before telling
Ravindran that he could not do so and returning the bundle to him. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE 1 October 2015 p120 lines 10 to 11.

According to the Accused, he refused Ravindran’s request because he suspected
that the bundle could be “ganja”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE 1 October 2015 p121 lines 12 to 13.

Ravindran replied, “Okay. All right, Chinna [which the Accused explained was
an abbreviated version of his name]” 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 1 October 2015 p29 lines 17 to 25.

and walked away. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 1 October 2015 p123 lines 5 to 9.

35 The Accused then wound up the driver’s window, switched off the engine and
exited the Car. He locked the driver’s door of the Car and left to buy
breakfast. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 1 October 2015 p124 lines 7 to 17.

The Accused stated that he did not wind up the driver’s window completely,
explaining that the air-conditioning of the Car was not working and he would
again have had to manually wind down the window when he returned to the Car.
54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE 1 October 2015 p133 lines 10 to 13.

The Accused further explained that he had not attempted to lock the other
doors of the Car because he expected the doors to be locked and, in any event,
the Car was an old car and he had on previous occasions simply left the engine
running with the doors unlocked while he went to buy things. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE 1 October 2015 p125 line 10 to p126 line 6.

He also informed the court that Ravindran had borrowed the Car previously, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE 1 October 2015 p126 line 27.

a claim which was subsequently corroborated by Madavan. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE 30 June 2016 p35 lines 6 to 9.

36 When the Accused returned to the Car, he left his breakfast on the front
passenger seat and drove towards Johor Bahru Customs, which he successfully
cleared.

37 As the Accused was exiting Johor Bahru Customs, he received a call from
Ravindran. The Accused answered the call and Ravindran asked him, “Chinna,
where are you?” The Accused replied, “I am at the JB custom”. Ravindran then
asked him whether he was going to Woodlands and the Accused responded, “Yes,
I’m going to Woodlands POSB Bank.” Ravindran told him, “Chinna, when you reach
Woodlands can you call me or give me a missed call. I wish to speak to you.”
The Accused saw an officer approaching while he was driving and said, “Okay,
okay”, and then ended the conversation. The Accused proceeded to enter
Singapore Customs. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

NE 1 October 2015 p135 line 17 to p136 line 4.

38 The Accused was then stopped by officers at Customs and subsequently
arrested.

Issues for determination

39 As aforementioned, there is no dispute on the law. The parties agree that
the presumptions under ss 21 and 18(2) of the MDA apply, such that the Accused
is presumed to be in possession of the drugs and have knowledge of the nature
of the drugs, ie, that they consisted of methamphetamine. The dispute between
the parties is therefore an entirely factual one – ie, whether the Accused is
able to rebut the presumption of knowledge, flowing from his assertion that he
had not known that there were drugs in the Car when he entered Singapore.

40 In my view, the following key issues for determination arise in this case:

(a) The proper inferences, if any, to be drawn from the mobile phone records
of HP1, HP2 and HP3;

(b) The credibility of the Accused’s account of events and the Defence’s
supporting evidence; and

(c) What inferences, if any, may be drawn from other aspects of the
Prosecution’s evidence.

The mobile phone records

41 Having considered the text messages and call records of the mobile phones
belonging to the Accused that were seized by officers following his arrest, I
find that the records are highly incriminating and that the Accused is unable
to proffer a convincing explanation for them. I will explain my reasons.

The incriminating nature of the mobile phone records

42 The Prosecution submits that the mobile phone records for HP1 and HP2
demonstrate that the Accused knew about the bundle of drugs in the Car and
that he was on his way to deliver them when he was arrested. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [77].

43 The Prosecution relies on a table of collated text messages and call
records, which I reproduce here, in a slightly abbreviated format, for ease of
reference: 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Prosecution’s submissions at Annex 1.

S/No| Sender| Recipient| Time on 16 May 2012| Type/Text (with translation in
italics)| Ref  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| Accused| Ravindran| 00:07| Pkl brp? ada brp What time? Have how many?| HP2  
2| Ravindran| Accused| 00:42| Chinna ti I conform ok ada keja tak Chinna later
I confirm ok got keja or not| HP2  
3| Accused| Ravindran| 00:44| Cpt kasi confirm. I nak tdrQuickly give confirm.
I want to sleep| HP2  
4| Accused| Ravindran| 00:45| Cpt kasi confirm. I nak tdrQuickly give confirm.
I want to sleep| HP2  
5| Ravindran| Accused| 05:31| Col me| HP2  
6| Accused| Ravindran| 05:32| [Dialled call] | HP2  
7| Ravindran| Accused| 05:48| [Received call]| HP2  
8| Ravindran| Accused| 06:58| Pundek angkat china tauke tggu. Pundek pick up
China tauke waiting| HP2  
9| Ravindran| Accused| 07:17| Lu jawap ke,tau nak wa ajar skarang.Your answer or, want me to teach now. | HP2  
10| Ravindran| Accused| 07:19| Anak u mau. Your child wants| HP2  
11| Ravindran| Accused| 07:21| C| HP1  
12| Ravindran| Accused| 07:24| Ptndek pundek lu mau mati. Pundek pundek you
want to die| HP2  
13| Ravindran| Accused| 07:32| [Missed call] | HP2  
14| Ravindran| Accused| 07:41| Jangan macam bodnh tau chinna.“Don’t behave
like stupid, Chinna (referring accused)”.| HP1  
15| Ravindran| Accused| 07:42| Hoi apa lu bikin?“Ooi, what are you doing?”|
HP1  
16| Ravindran| Accused| 07:45| Lu mau tengok kana pa wa punya patern, tgu wa
tunjuk. “You want to know what, right, what’s my pattern or what I’m able to
do, you wait, I will show you.”| HP1  
17| Ravindran| Accused| 07:49| C| HP1  
18| Ravindran| Accused| 07:52| Lu mau mati kan, tengok ok. “You want to die
right? See, okay.”| HP1  
19| Ravindran| Accused| 07:52| Otak pakai ok, keja sudah lambatUse brain ok,
keja is already late| HP2  
20| Ravindran| Accused| 07:52| [Missed call]| HP1  
21| Ravindran| Accused| 07:52| [Received call] | HP1  
22| Ravindran| Accused| 07:53| C| HP2  
23| Ravindran| Accused| 07:55| Cau cibei lu tengok“[An expletive], and you
wait and see.”| HP1  
24| Ravindran| Accused| 11:13| C| HP1  
  
Table 1: Text messages and call records

44 As mentioned at [8] above, the Accused was stopped by officers at Singapore
Customs at about 6.15am and subsequently arrested. This explains why the
Accused did not respond to Ravindran’s text messages and calls after 6.15am. I
make a number of observations regarding these records and the inferences that
may be drawn from them.

The Accused’s text messages to Ravindran in the early hours of 16 May 2012

45 First, I refer to the four text messages at S/Nos 1 to 4 of Table 1. I note
that Norashikin Binte Bunyamin (“Ms Norashikin”), a Malay Language Officer of
the CNB, testified that the term “keja” (which should have been correctly
spelt as “kerja” in the Malay language) means “work”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AB 213; NE 23 Sept 2015 p99 lines 21 to 32.

Although the Defence contested Ms Norashikin’s subsequent suggestion that
“keja” “in this context … could refer to ‘drugs’”, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB 213; NE 23 Sept 2015 p100 line 1 to p102 line 20.

the Defence did not dispute the literal translation of “keja” as “work”, and I
therefore accept the accuracy of the translation of this Malay word as “work”.

46 Accordingly, it appears that in the very early hours of 16 May 2012, just
after midnight, there was a conversation between the Accused and Ravindran
about whether there was “work” for the Accused. The Accused made the inquiries
“What time?” and “Have how many?” This suggests that the nature of the “work”
that Ravindran might give him is time-specific. The reference to “how many”
could either refer to the number of jobs or assignments from Ravindran, or
could be a reference to something within the nature of the job given by
Ravindran.

47 I also note that although the Accused testified that he had messaged
Ravindran about whether there was work at Ravindran’s mobile phone shop, he
informed the court that he had done so at 9pm on 15 May 2012 and that
Ravindran had replied at about 9.05pm. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE 28 June 2016 p107 lines 3 to 12.

The text messages at S/Nos 1 to 4 in Table 1 therefore could not have been the
text messages that he purported to have sent to and received from Ravindran.
Indeed, the Accused simply denied that he had ever sent or received those four
messages. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE 28 June 2016 p105 lines 14 to 29; p107 line 7 to p108 line 1.

I find the Accused’s denial difficult to accept. It is certainly not a
satisfactory explanation for those messages, which were sent and received many
hours before the Accused was arrested. His denial served only to dent his
credibility in the eyes of the court.

48 During oral closing submissions, I sought confirmation from the Defence
that it was the Accused’s position that the Accused had never received or sent
those messages, despite the fact that these text messages were forensically
obtained from the Accused’s mobile phones. Counsel for the Accused, Mr Mahmood
Gaznavi s/o Bashir Muhammad (“Mr Gaznavi”) took instructions from the Accused,
who unequivocally confirmed that he was maintaining his stance on the matter.
65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE 1 November 2016 p5 line 22 to p6 line 26.

This position, while consistent, is incoherent. It flies in the face of the
forensic evidence and beggars belief.

The escalating abusiveness and threats in Ravindran’s messages

49 I refer next to S/Nos 8 to 18 in Table 1. Between 6.58am and 7.52am,
Ravindran sent the Accused a series of text messages that reflected
Ravindran’s increasingly agitated state. The first of those messages is
“Pundek pick up China tauke waiting”. According to Ms Norashikin, “pundek” is
a derogatory and/or offensive Tamil term of reference. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB at 213.

She also explained that “tauke”, which should have been correctly spelled as
“towkay”, is used as a form of address for “sir” or “master”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB at 213.

50 In this message, Ravindran referred to the Accused as “pundek”, and the
reason he expressed was that the Accused was not “pick[ing] up” despite the
fact that there was a “China tauke waiting”. Following the Accused’s failure
to respond to Ravindran’s messages and calls, Ravindran proceeded to issue
threats of increasing – and indeed shocking – severity. Ravindran began by
asking the Accused if he “want[ed] [Ravindran] to teach now”, telling him
“Don’t behave like stupid”, asking whether the Accused wanted to know “what’s
[his] pattern or what [he was] able to do”, and even posing death threats such
as “Pundek pundek you want to die” and “You want to die right? See, okay.” At
S/No 10 is another text from Ravindran to the Accused, stating “Anak u mau”.
Ms Norashikin translated this as “Your child wants”, but the Accused explained
that he understood this to mean “Do you want your child?” 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE 28 June 2016 p81 lines 10 to 13.

In light of the other messages Ravindran sent, this could be understood as a
threat to the Accused’s child. Indeed, the Accused indicated that this was
Ravindran’s threat that “he [would] kill [the Accused’s] child”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE 28 June 2016 p77 lines 14 to 15 and 21 to 22.

51 These messages indicated that Ravindran was not merely annoyed that the
Accused did not respond to his messages. From a reasonable and objective
reading of these messages, Ravindran was truly enraged, to such an extent that
he felt justified in issuing serious threats of harm to the Accused and his
child. All of this begged an explanation from the Accused as to why Ravindran
was so upset, and many enquiries were made from him during the trial in this
regard.

52 The Accused began by repeatedly asserting that he had never seen those
messages and did not know why Ravindran had sent them to him. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE 28 June 2016 p50 lines 22 and 26; p51 line 24; p52 lines 2 to 3 and 32; p54
line 23; p75 line 1; p76 lines 2 and 17.

Even leaving aside the messages at S/Nos 1 to 4, I can accept that the Accused
had not seen those messages at the time they were sent to his mobile phones,
given that the Accused had been otherwise occupied or arrested after 6.15am on
16 May 2012. But in my view he must furnish a plausible explanation for the
messages that Ravindran sent to him, and such explanation must be consistent
with his defence. The simple reason is that other than Ravindran himself, the
Accused is best placed to understand why Ravindran sent him those messages.
The Accused was the intended recipient, and it would be most unlikely that
Ravindran would send him an entire string of text messages that the Accused
somehow did not understand and could not explain. I therefore do not regard
the Accused’s assertions that he did not know why Ravindran sent him those
messages as any good reply to the matter.

53 Subsequently, the Accused suggested that the reason why Ravindran appeared
so angry was that the Accused had not answered Ravindran’s call, at a time
when the drugs remained in the Car without the Accused’s knowledge. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

NE 28 June 2016 p76 lines 28 to 30; p77 lines 12 to 23; p79 lines 23 to 24.

I do not regard this as a satisfactory explanation. While Ravindran might have
been anxious to contact the Accused so that he could somehow secretly retrieve
the drugs that he had planted from the Car, it does not make sense that he
would verbally abuse and threaten the Accused in the manner and to the extent
that he did, in light of the fact (as alleged by the Accused) that the Accused
did not know what was in the Car and had made no arrangements to meet
Ravindran or any of his representatives in Singapore. Simply put, if Ravindran
and the Accused really had not made any pre-arranged plans that the Accused
was responsible to carry out and had failed to do so, there seems to be little
reason or basis for Ravindran to flare up at the Accused in the manner that he
did, much less to threaten the well-being of the Accused and his child.

Failure to explain aspects of Ravindran’s text messages

54 Equally significantly, the content of some of the messages that Ravindran
sent to the Accused would make no sense at all if the Accused’s explanation
was accepted. I refer first to the message at S/No 8 of Table 1, ie, “Pundek
pick up China tauke waiting”. This begs an explanation of who the “China
tauke” was, and what exactly he was waiting for. The Accused’s assertion that
he did not know why Ravindran had sent the message provides absolutely no
context for a reasonable explanation of why Ravindran thought the Accused to
be an appropriate recipient of the message.

55 I also refer to the equally incriminating message at S/No 19, where
Ravindran stated “Use brain ok, keja is already late”. This suggests that (i)
there was “work” (or “keja”) to be carried out; (ii) the “work” was to be
performed at or by a certain time; and (iii) the Accused was responsible for
the lateness of the performance of the “work”. In this regard, I also observe
that even going by the Accused’s account, Ravindran had not instructed him to
carry out any work for his mobile phone business – in fact, Ravindran had told
the Accused that there was no work (see [31] above). If this was the case, and
the Accused had consequently never agreed to carry out any work for Ravindran,
why would Ravindran communicate to the Accused that “keja is already late” and
blame him for it, much less issue threats for the lateness of the “work”?

56 When pressed, the Accused simply reiterated his explanation that Ravindran
was angry that the Accused had not picked up his phone or replied to the
messages. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

NE 28 June 2016 p88 line 28 to p89 line 1.

This does not explain either Ravindran’s aggressive, accusatory and censuring
tone (as I have explained at [53] above) or Ravindran’s references to a “China
tauke” and the lateness of the “keja”.

57 During oral closing submissions, I gave the Defence a final opportunity to
offer the court a coherent explanation of the content of those messages. I
explained that the Defence’s account of events must fit with the objective
evidence. Counsel for the Accused, Mr Gaznavi, took instructions from the
Accused, who maintained that he had never seen the messages, that no one had
asked him about the messages and that the CNB had never questioned him about
the messages. Mr Gaznavi said that the Accused’s position was that the
messages simply did not make sense to him and that they were “nonsensical”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

NE 1 November 2016 p18 line 13 to p19 line 19.

58 With respect, I do not find that a position that reduces objective forensic
evidence to a nonsense is at all persuasive. The Accused was given full
opportunity, both during trial and at oral closing submissions, to provide an
explanation that cohered with the text messages that he sent to and received
from Ravindran. He was unable to do so. I find that the Prosecution’s case –
ie, that the Accused had colluded with Ravindran to import the bundle of
methamphetamine into Singapore by placing it in the Car – is far more
consistent with the text messages than the explanation provided by the
Accused. It is far more plausible that given this arrangement between the two,
and the Accused’s subsequent failure to communicate with Ravindran or to
deliver the bundle as planned, Ravindran became very agitated and angry and he
blamed the Accused for his failure to perform as agreed.

The accuracy and reliability of the mobile phone records

59 Separately, the Defence also attempted to cast doubt on the veracity of the
mobile phone records. These records were obtained by Mohd Rozaili Bin Idris
(“Mr Rozaili”), a Technology Crime Forensic Examiner of the TCFB of the
Technology Crime Division, Criminal Investigation Department, and also by the
CNB’s FORT (as mentioned at [17] above). The Defence sought to impugn the
records for HP1, HP2 and the FORT records but did not address the records for
HP3 as the Prosecution did not rely on the records for that phone.

HP1

60 The Defence pointed to several aspects of Mr Rozaili’s testimony. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Accused’s written submissions at [409] to [414].

First, Mr Rozaili stated that he could not verify the accuracy of the date and
timestamps because after the extraction was done, he was “unable to power up
the phone to verify the extracted data with the content in the phone”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p4 lines 20 to 31.

He similarly stated that in respect of data extracted from the SIM card, he
was unable to verify the date and time stamps. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p5 lines 13 to 14 and 18.

The Defence submits that “by his own evidence, Mr [Rozaili] confirms that he
is unable to verify the accuracy of the date and timestamp of SN-HP1 and its
associated SIM card”, and therefore the report is “unreliable”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Accused’s written submissions at [414].

61 I do not accept the Defence’s submission. As Mr Rozaili explained, what he
meant when he said that he was unable to “verify the accuracy of the date and
timestamp” was that he was unable to compare the records extracted through the
forensic software with the information seen on the mobile phone itself. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p10 lines 4 to 13.

The reason why he could not do so was that HP1 could not be powered up after
he had completed the extraction with the forensic software, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p10 lines 31 to 32.

possibly due to a hardware fault. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p11 lines 2 to 3.

But the Defence produced nothing to indicate that the records extracted from
HP1 using the forensic software were either incomplete or inaccurate, either
in relation to their content or the date and timestamps. Mr Rozaili confirmed
that the mobile phone was kept alive throughout the extraction, such that the
extraction was “100%” complete and the forensic software reported that the
extraction was successful and complete. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p11 lines 15 to 26.

Further, Mr Rozaili explained that in relation to the information extracted
from the SIM card – such as the text messages – the date and timestamps were
tied to the network date and time rather than the date and time set on the
mobile phone itself, and would therefore be absolutely accurate. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p5 line 29 to p6 line 13.

62 In the circumstances, I do not think that there is any merit to the
Defence’s submission that the records extracted from HP1 by Mr Rozaili were
“unreliable”.

63 The Defence also challenges the accuracy of the timestamps shown on HP1.
The records for HP1 appear to indicate that the Accused dialled a number at
7.51am and received a call at 7.52am on 16 May 2012, after the Accused had
been arrested. The Defence claims that the Accused could not have had an
opportunity to use his mobile phone after arrest. I do not think that this
discrepancy assists the Defence in impugning either the content or the
timestamps of the messages that the Prosecution relies on. The fact remains
that these messages are on the record, found in the Accused’s mobile phone,
and that the date and timestamps of the messages when arranged in
chronological order form a narrative sequence that coheres with the
Prosecution’s case.

HP2

64 The Defence also submits that the contents retrieved from HP2 are
“inaccurate”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Accused’s submissions at [419].

Mr Rozaili explained that he was unable to extract records from HP2 using the
forensic software, as the forensic tool did not support the particular mobile
phone model at the time of extraction. Mr Rozaili had therefore taken
photographs of the information reflected on the screen of HP2 in order to
collect the information contained therein. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p16 lines 13 to 16.

65 The Defence claims that Mr Rozaili had admitted that taking photographs of
the information on the mobile phone was “less accurate” than the usage of a
data cable, ie, extraction using the forensic software. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Accused’s submissions at [418].

I do not think that this is an accurate summary of Mr Rozaili’s view on the
matter. Although Mr Rozaili stated that usage of a data cable was “in a way”
more accurate than the method he utilised, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p38 line 23.

he explained that his method was “actually another way to retrieve
information, not the best way but another way”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p38 lines 14 to 15.

I also note that Mr Rozaili had explained, when giving evidence on his usual
procedure for extracting data from mobile phones, that after the extraction of
data using forensic software, he would compare that data with the information
on the phone itself (see [61] above). In the circumstances, until and unless
the Defence is able to demonstrate that the method Mr Rozaili used led to the
extraction of inaccurate or unreliable data, I do not consider that there are
sufficient grounds to impugn the method of data collection Mr Rozaili used.

66 The Defence points out that contact names are indicated on the text
messages in HP2 as seen from Mr Rozaili’s photographs, but the photograph of
the contacts list in HP2 reveals that the contacts list is empty. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Accused’s submissions at [420] to [427].

In my view, Mr Rozaili provided a reasonable explanation for this. He
explained that the photograph of the contacts list showed only the contacts
stored in the mobile phone itself, rather than in the SIM card, and the
settings on HP2 were such that only contacts stored on the mobile phone were
shown. Mr Rozaili further clarified that he had not changed the settings of
HP2 to show the SIM card contacts list because in doing so he would be
modifying certain aspects of the mobile phone and he did not wish to do that.
89

##### Foot Note 89

×

NE 23 Sept 2015 p45 line 25 to p46 line 2.

I find that this is a full and persuasive explanation of the matter and do not
consider that any further explication is necessary.

67 The Defence then takes issue with the date stamps of certain text messages
received on HP2. It refers to a number of messages containing lottery results
for lotteries drawn on particular days, and points out that the date stamps
for those messages indicate that the messages were received earlier than the
dates that the lotteries were drawn. For instance, one finds in a text message
dated 18 August 2011 the winning lottery numbers for the lottery drawn on 25
April 2012. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Accused’s submissions at [428] to [437].

I have reviewed the text messages containing lottery results that were
received on HP2 (ie, in the inbox of HP2) and they are collated in the table
below, sorted in chronological order according to the date stamps:

S/No| Date stamp on HP2| Date that lottery was drawn  
---|---|---  
1| 25 July 2011| 1 April  
2| 27 July 2011| 3 April  
3| 28 July 2011| 4 April  
4| 18 August 2011| 25 April  
5| 18 April 2012| 18 April  
6| 22 April 2012| 22 April  
7| 28 April 2012| 28 April  
8| 2 May 2012| 2 May  
9| 5 May 2012| 5 May  
10| 6 May 2012| 6 May  
11| 8 May 2012| 8 May  
12| 9 May 2012| 9 May  
13| 12 May 2012| 12 May  
14| 13 May 2012| 13 May  
  
Table 2: Text messages containing lottery results in HP2

68 Notably, from S/No 5 in Table 2 onward (ie, from date stamp 18 April 2012
onward), there is no discrepancy between the date stamps and the date of the
lottery results shown in the text messages. Indeed, this constitutes the bulk
of the messages containing lottery results. Significantly, as the Prosecution
pointed out, 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [85].

the lack of any discrepancy persisted from 18 April 2012 up to and including
the crucial month of May 2012, which was of course the month in which the
Accused travelled into Singapore with the bundle of methamphetamine. I find
that whatever discrepancies there were between the date stamps of the text
messages on HP2 and the actual date, these discrepancies did not last beyond
sometime in April 2012 and were accordingly no longer present in May 2012.

69 The Defence also points out that the earliest time indicated on HP2 as
shown in the photographs is “23:21”, but Mr Rozaili stated in his report that
when he first powered up HP2 the time indicated on HP2 was 7.09pm. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Accused’s submissions at [449] to [452].

As I noted earlier at [63], I do not think that any of these discrepancies, to
the extent that they do exist, assist the Defence in impugning either the
content or the date and timestamps of the messages that the Prosecution relies
on. The fact remains that those messages when arranged in chronological order
form a narrative sequence that coheres with the Prosecution’s account that
Ravindran grew increasingly unhappy with the Accused for reasons relating to
the fact that a “China tauke” was waiting and the “keja [was] already late”.

FORT reports

70 The Defence criticises only the FORT report for HP1 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

P70.

and not those for the other two mobile phones. It advances two submissions
before me, asserting that there are “issues of reliability” with the report.
94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Accused’s submissions at [472].

71 First, the Defence alleges that the Accused never had sight of the “actual
text messages themselves”, but only the messages stated on the FORT reports as
shown to him by Investigation Officer Mohaideen Abdul Kadir Bin Gose Ahmad Sha
(“IO Mohaideen”). Consequently, the Accused was “placed in a disadvantaged
position in which he cannot confirm whether or not the text messages were
indeed delivered to SN-HP1”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Accused’s submissions at [473] to [476].

72 I do not think that there is any force or discernible direction to this
submission. IO Mohaideen confirmed during cross-examination that the messages
that he showed the Accused during investigations were obtained from CNB’s
mobile preview reports. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

NE 30 September 2015 p108 line 31 to p109 line 1.

The admissibility of the FORT reports was never challenged, nor was it ever
put to IO Mohaideen that the FORT reports did not contain an accurate record
of the text messages found on the mobile phones. Indeed, I find that the
Defence has not even attempted to proffer any sort of explanation as to why
the incriminating messages were found in the Accused’s mobile phones.

73 Second, the Defence points out that while “the portion [of the messages]
that the Prosecution intends to rely on appears to have been neatly sorted out
at page 21 of P70 [ie, the FORT report for HP1]”, “all the other messages
extracted appear to be in no particular order”. The Defence then suggests that
“[g]iven that the relevant portions of the incriminating text messages have
been curiously sorted out from a mess of a 48 paged document, one cannot help
but wonder if the said text messages are authentic and/or complete”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Accused’s submissions at [477] to [480].

74 With respect, if the Defence is taking the position that the FORT report is
not to be believed or relied upon as an accurate or faithful record, either
because inauthentic messages have been included or the chronological order of
the messages has been tampered with, then it should have made this position
clear and sought to prove it through evidence rather than assertion. Regarding
the issue of chronology, IO Mohaideen offered the explanation during his
examination-in-chief that the chronological disorder might be due to the
forensic software that was used. Mr Gaznavi did not question IO Mohaideen on
the basis of his explanation, much less put to him that this was not the
reason for the disorder. In the circumstances, I reject the Defence’s
characterisation of the FORT reports as “questionable” and “dubious”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Accused’s submissions at [486].

Credibility of the Accused’s account of events

Claim that Ravindran planted the bundle without the Accused’s knowledge

75 The Prosecution argues that the Accused’s account of how Ravindran planted
the bundle of methamphetamine in the Car without the Accused’s knowledge is an
“unlikely” story which does not cohere with the evidence. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [52].

76 The Prosecution submits that it is particularly unlikely that Ravindran
would have proceeded to plant the bundle after (as the Accused claims) the
Accused had turned down Ravindran’s request to bring the bundle into
Singapore. After learning that the Accused was unwilling to participate in his
plan, why would Ravindran still choose to plant the bundle in the Car, with no
convenient means of retrieval and no guarantee that the Accused would agree to
hand the bundle over to Ravindran or his associate once the Accused had
arrived in Singapore? 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [60].

77 In my view, there is considerable force in this submission. I observe that
during cross-examination, the Accused himself took the position that he would
not have handed the bundle over to Ravindran if he had successfully entered
Singapore and subsequently discovered that the bundle had been planted in the
Car. The following extract from the transcript contains an unequivocal
statement of the Accused’s view on the matter: 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE 29 June 2016 p20 line 29 to p21 line 16.

Q Yes, correct. And you didn’t---you don’t think it’s likely that Ravi would
have contacted you directly to help pass the bundle to him or someone?

Interpreter: Pass to him or---

Ong: Or someone.

Interpreter: ---someone?

Q Pass to Ravi or someone else? You don’t think it’s likely that Ravi would
have done that?

A Anything---you---we cannot say it cannot happen. Anything can happen.

Q Sure, sure.

A If Ravi asked me to re---hand it over to him, definitely I will not give
him. I will throw it away.

Q Okay.

A Because he has deceived me and cheated me by putting---

Q Yes.

A \---it there.

Q Yes, all right.

A Because I earlier suspected it to be ganja. I’ve already told him, “Cannot”.
But he then put it in without my knowledge.

Q Yes.

A Then how could---could I give it back to him?

[emphasis added in bold]

78 Put simply, the Accused would not have handed the bundle of methamphetamine
to Ravindran but would instead have thrown it away, because he would have been
outraged that Ravindran had proceeded to plant the bundle in the Car despite
the Accused’s earlier rejection of Ravindran’s request. I agree with the
Prosecution that Ravindran would have had to be taking a significant gamble by
planting the bundle in the Car. As the Prosecution notes, given the obvious
value of the drugs, it is difficult to believe that Ravindran would have taken
such a risk. The Accused might simply have decided to throw the drugs away (as
the Accused himself informed) or brought it to the police. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [59].

79 In my view, it is also extremely unlikely that Ravindran would have been
willing to plant the bundle with no convenient means of retrieval. Although
the Accused did inform Ravindran (going by the Accused’s account) that he was
going to the Woodlands branch of POSB, there appears to be little means for
Ravindran to ascertain exactly where the Accused would park the Car. From the
text messages received on the Accused’s mobile phones, it appears that
Ravindran did not know where the Accused was as he entered Singapore Customs –
he did not know, for instance, that the Accused had been stopped at Singapore
Customs and arrested thereafter, or Ravindran would not have proceeded to send
the Accused a barrage of text messages expressing his anger that the “keja”
was late. Consequently, it is unlikely that the Accused was followed into
Singapore. Ravindran or his associate would thus have had to search for the
parking location of the Car near the Woodlands POSB branch if they wanted to
retrieve the bundle. It is arguable that the improbability of Ravindran
accepting the risks involved in such a plan may not be a determinative
consideration, particularly if taken alone. But I consider that this
improbability does diminish the plausibility of the Accused’s account of
events.

Other aspects of the Accused’s narrative

80 A considerable amount of time was spent at trial on various other aspects
of the Accused’s narrative by both the Defence and the Prosecution, perhaps in
an effort either to buttress or to erode the credibility of the Accused, as
the case may be. I will not attempt to enumerate all these aspects of the
evidence, save for noting that they included the following:

(a) the location of the motorcycle shop from which the Accused wanted to
purchase a new motorcycle;

(b) how the Accused was to pay for the new motorcycle;

(c) whether the Accused had taken leave on 16 May 2012;

(d) whether the Accused had previously enquired at POSB about the possibility
of obtaining a loan;

(e) whether the Accused met the requirements to obtain a loan; and

(f) whether Vasagi and other members of the Accused’s family could have done
more to find Ravindran.

81 Upon a review of the evidence produced at the close of trial, I have formed
the opinion that a lot of the evidence in this regard is either of peripheral
relevance or would not make a difference to my determination of whether the
Accused is guilty of the offence. I should say that the Defence was able to
produce evidence to support certain aspects of the Accused’s account of
events. For instance, it is undisputed that when the Accused was arrested, he
was found to be in possession of a number of documents that would be required
for an application for a bank loan, such as a letter confirming his
employment, income statements and utilities bills. Those documents were
produced before the court. In my view, the Accused’s claim that he intended,
during the time that he was in Singapore, to apply for a bank loan is a
plausible claim and supported by evidence.

82 The difficulty for the Defence, however, is that while this evidence may go
some way towards establishing the Accused’s credibility and indeed towards
supporting some aspects of the Accused’s account, they are ultimately not
inconsistent with and therefore do not rebut the Prosecution’s case that the
Accused intended to import the bundle of methamphetamine into Singapore. It is
entirely possible that the Accused intended to apply for a bank loan in
Singapore, and that this was one of the reasons for which he drove into
Singapore in the morning of 16 May 2012. But this is not inconsistent with the
possibility that the Accused also intended, either working on his own or in
collaboration with Ravindran, to bring the bundle of methamphetamine into
Singapore during the same trip, which would be a convenient thing to do. By
bringing forth evidence of the Accused’s intention to apply for a bank loan,
the Defence does not thereby raise a logical conundrum for the Prosecution
that defeats the Prosecution’s case. What is inconsistent, in my view, is the
Accused’s version of events when seen alongside the text messages found in the
Accused’s mobile phones. That is an inconsistency which goes towards the heart
of the alleged offence, given the incriminating nature of those messages as I
have explained earlier.

Remaining aspects of the submissions and evidence

83 I will explain my view on some remaining aspects of the parties’ evidence
and submissions.

84 One of the issues raised by the Prosecution pertains to the Accused’s
behaviour at or around the time when he was stopped and the bundle was found.
SSI Neo gave evidence that the Accused complained of stomach pain while the
search of the Car was ongoing, but that the Accused did not continue to
complain of such pain after the bundle was discovered. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE 23 September 2015 p113 line 29 to p114 line 24.

The Prosecution suggests that the Accused had feigned a stomach ache in order
to distract the CNB officers so that they might end the search of the Car
quickly and let him go. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [45].

I do not think there is sufficient evidential basis for me to draw the
inference that the Prosecution proposes.

85 According to SSI Neo’s conditioned statement, when the Accused saw the
black bundle, he kept saying “I don’t know” and started crying. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB 241 at [5].

During closing submissions, the Prosecution conceded that the evidence on
whether the Accused had started crying and saying “I don’t know” upon seeing
the bundle or even before the bundle was produced was “unclear”, and informed
the court that it was no longer pursuing this submission. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

NE 1 November 2016 p20 lines 28 to p21 line 8.

I therefore need not address the point. For completeness, I add that even if
the Prosecution had decided that this should remain a live issue, I do not
think the evidence of SSI Neo is consistent in this regard and would not have
placed any weight on it.

86 Further to this, SSGT Xu also testified that while he was keeping watch on
the Accused shortly after the arrest, SSGT Xu heard the Accused repeat the
Malay word “mati”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

NE 23 September 2015 p137 lines 19 to 21.

The Prosecution submits that if the Accused were indeed unaware of the
contents of the black bundle, there would be no reason for him to repeat the
word “mati”. It argues that “[t]he only plausible reason why he had such a
strong reaction to the discovery of the bundle and even before it was opened,
is that he already knew the bundle contained illegal drugs which would attract
very severe penalties” [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in
bold]. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Prosecution’s submissions at [47].

I reject the Prosecution’s submission that it is the “only” inference that
could possibly be drawn. According to the Accused, he had already seen the
bundle before when Ravindran sought to pass it to him to bring into Singapore.
The reason why the Accused rejected the request at that time was because,
going by his explanation, he suspected that the bundle could contain “ganja”
(see [34] above). In my view, it is reasonable to think that upon seeing the
bundle uncovered by the officers, he therefore assumed that he was in trouble
because the bundle – as he had earlier suspected – might contain “ganja”. The
Accused therefore reacted in a manner that indicated anxiety, ie, by
repeatedly uttering “mati”, given his belief that he had just been found in
possession of a bundle containing “ganja”. In the circumstances, I find that
it would be unsafe to draw an inference, from this fact alone, that the
Accused knew what the bundle contained because he had agreed to bring it into
Singapore.

87 As a final matter, I will address the fact that the HSA was unable to
generate any DNA profiles from the swabs taken from the exhibits, ie, the
tissue box, the tissue box cover and the Drug Exhibits (see [18] above). The
Prosecution suggests that as the tissue box and its cover had been handled a
number of times, for instance by Vasagi when she took the tissue box from the
Accused’s car to stem her son’s bleeding, one would ordinarily expect that a
person’s DNA would be found. The Prosecution further submits that if the
reason for the lack of DNA evidence is that someone had deliberately taken
time to clean the tissue box and cover thoroughly, this does not sit well with
the Defence’s account of how Ravindran might have planted the bundle in the
tissue box, because it is unlikely that Ravindran would have had enough time
to open the Car, plant the bundle, wipe the tissue box and cover to remove DNA
evidence, and leave the scene before the Accused returned. While there is some
force in this submission, I ultimately do not think it appropriate to preclude
the possibility that Ravindran was able to do so, given that (by the Accused’s
account) Ravindran was already within the vicinity of the Car at the time the
Accused had left to buy his breakfast, which could also have taken some time
depending on the busyness of the breakfast stall.

Final assessment and decision

88 In my final assessment, the Accused is unable to provide a satisfactory
explanation for the text messages found in his mobile phones. I find that
those messages provide strong support for the Prosecution’s submission that
the Accused had entered into some sort of arrangement with Ravindran for the
Accused to bring drugs into Singapore and deliver them to an unknown person at
a pre-appointed time. Indeed, it would not be inaccurate to say that the
messages formed the centrepiece of the Prosecution’s case. In the course of
trial and during closing submissions, I provided the Accused and his counsel
full opportunity to provide a convincing explanation for the messages, but
none was ultimately forthcoming.

89 The Accused brought forth evidence to support and corroborate aspects of
his account of events but, as I have explained, that evidence was peripheral
and in the final analysis did not serve to cast doubt on the Prosecution’s
case. I reiterate that the burden remains on the Accused to rebut the
presumption of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA. If the Accused is desirous
of producing evidence, such evidence – if it is to be useful to his case –
should go towards rebutting that presumption. Having reviewed the evidence in
its entirety, I find that the Accused has failed to demonstrate that he did
not know he was transporting methamphetamine into Singapore. The presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA has not been rebutted.

Conclusion

90 For the above reasons, I find that the Prosecution has succeeded in proving
all the elements of the Charge against the Accused beyond a reasonable doubt.
The Accused is therefore guilty as charged and I convict him accordingly.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Mahmood Gaznavi and S Skandarajah (Mahmood Gaznavi & Partners, S Skandarajah &
Co) for the accused;  
Ong Luan Tze and Jason Chua (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public
Prosecutor.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

