Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 237

Magistrate’s Appeals Nos 9103 and 9104 of 2017

Between

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

| (1)| LIM CHOON HONG  
---|---  
(2)| CHONG SUI FOON  
  
… Respondents

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] – [Sentencing] – [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Lim Choon Hong and another

[2017] SGHC 237

High Court — Magistrates Appeals’ Nos 9103 and 9104 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
15 September 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 As a country with a scarcity of human resources, we depend on foreigners who
come here to undertake work. With rising levels of affluence and the
opportunity for families to enjoy double incomes, very much of the menial work
in our country is done by foreign workers. Foreign domestic workers are
pervasive in many segments of Singapore’s society. In some senses, the work
opportunities this presents provides economic incentives for nationals of
other countries who seek to work their way out of their own difficult
conditions.

2 It is imperative in this milieu of circumstances that we as a society ensure
that these foreign workers are treated decently and accorded the sort of
guarantees of human dignity that we would accord to any human being. This is
important for several reasons but in my judgment, one consideration of special
significance is what this says about ourselves as a society. We too have
progressed as a nation from the direst of circumstances just 52 years ago. If
we reach the point where we do not set our face firmly against the treatment
of our fellow human beings in a way that reasonable people would regard as not
being in keeping with the most basic standards of decency, then we have
condemned ourselves.

3 I say this by way of prelude because I think it is critical that we not
understate the deplorable nature of the conduct of the two respondents in this
case.

4 I also observe that this is entirely in keeping with the settled
jurisprudence of our courts on the sentencing approach we should take to cases
where foreign domestic workers are ill-treated. In ADF v Public Prosecutor
[2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”), the Court of Appeal said as follows at [55] (per VK
Rajah JA):

In a case of domestic maid abuse, ordinarily, the principles of deterrence and
retribution take precedence. A deterrent sentence signifies that there is a
public interest to protect over and above the ordinary punishment of criminal
behaviour. The protection of domestic maids from abuse by their employers is
always a matter of public interest, given their vulnerable status and the
prevalence of such relationships in Singapore. No employer or household member
has the right to engage in abusive behaviour against a domestic maid. All
maids should be treated fairly, with dignity and respect.

[emphasis in original]

And at [61] of the same case, the learned judge said that “[t]he courts have
unwaveringly recognised domestic maids as vulnerable victims and a category of
persons in need of constant protection”.

5 More recently, in Janardana Jayasankarr v Public Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR
1288 (“Janardana”), I said as follows at [3] and [4]:

3 The special provision enacted for the abuse of this class of victim stems
from the recognition that domestic helpers are particularly vulnerable to
abuse by their employers and their immediate family members (see Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (20 April 1998) vol 68 at col 1923 (Mr
Wong Kan Seng, Minister for Home Affairs)). This is so for several reasons, of
which I will mention just three:

(a) First, domestic helpers are in a foreign land and will often not have the
time or opportunity to develop familiarity or a support network. Domestic
helpers who have just arrived in Singapore or have only been working here for
a few months, such as the victim in this case, are especially vulnerable.

(b) Second, they are in an inherently unequal position of subordination in
relation to their employers.

(c) Third, the abuse will usually take place in the privacy of the employer’s
home and without the presence of any independent witnesses. This not only
makes the offence very difficult to detect, but also invariably increases the
difficulty of prosecuting such offences because it will usually be a case of
one’s word against that of the other. This, coupled with the fear of
jeopardising their prospects of employment as well as the general fear of the
employer engendered by the situation they find themselves in, is likely to
discourage victims from making a complaint.

4 The upshot of this is that domestic helpers usually do not have a voice and,
in many senses, are dependent on the good faith of their employers. It is
critical that the law steps in to protect domestic helpers from being abused
by their employers, who are the very people who should be taking care of them.
Deterrence therefore takes centre stage where such abuse has taken place and
offenders can expect a stiff sentence.

6 In my judgment, these principles will be relevant in assessing the
culpability of the respondents in this case. However, before I turn to the
facts of this case, I wish to make some preliminary observations.

7 The circumstances in the present case were perhaps somewhat complicated by
the fact that there appeared to have been a misstep in the prosecution that
has led to this appeal. The case had evidently been initiated by the
enforcement unit of the Ministry of Manpower. According to the learned Deputy
Public Prosecutor Mr Sellakumaran, by the time the Public Prosecutor took
carriage of the matter, some time had passed and in all the circumstances it
was decided, in the exercise of prosecutorial discretion, that the case would
proceed under the Employment of Foreign Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“EFMA”) instead of bringing other possible charges under the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) for offences such as voluntarily causing hurt or voluntarily
causing grievous hurt.

8 There are some consequences that flow from this. The offence under the EFMA
is one of strict liability. However, as I explained in my judgment in Seng Foo
Building Construction Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2017] 3 SLR 201 at [39],
while this might displace the need to establish any mental state for the
purpose of securing a conviction, the culpability of the offender remains
relevant in assessing the gravity of the offence and the appropriate sentence
that is to be imposed.

9 However, it is also important to note that the offence I am presented with
is one that carries a maximum sentence of one year. Hence, the question for me
is where within that somewhat limited sentencing range the present offence
falls. If I consider for example that the offence falls at the high, but not
the highest, end of the range and so decided to impose a sentence of, say, ten
months’ imprisonment, this should not be misconstrued as saying that such a
punishment would always be sufficient for the type of offending conduct that
is presented here even if a charge had been presented under a different
provision.

10 Thus, if instead of proceeding under the EFMA, the Prosecution had
proceeded with a charge of voluntarily causing hurt that carries a maximum of
two years’ imprisonment or voluntarily causing grievous hurt carrying a
maximum of ten years’ imprisonment, the same level of culpability would likely
have resulted in a significantly higher sentence because of the wider
sentencing range that would have been afforded to the court in that situation,
and even more is this the case when one factors in the enhanced penalties for
offences against domestic maids under s 73 of the Penal Code.

11 Against that background, I turn to the case before me.

12 The respondents, Lim Choon Hong and Chong Sui Foon, who are husband and
wife, pleaded guilty each to a single charge under s 22(1)(a) of the EFMA. The
first respondent, as the employer, was charged under s 22(1)(a) of the EFMA
and the second respondent was charged for abetting the commission of the
offence.

13 Section 22(1)(a) EFMA provides that any person who

…

(a) being an employer, a foreign employee or a self-employed foreigner to whom
a work pass applies or had applied, contravenes any condition (other than a
regulatory condition) of the work pass or in-principle approval of the
application for the work pass;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable —

…

(i) in the case of an offence under paragraph (a), (b) or (c), to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or to
both; …

14 The condition that was breached in the present case was Condition 1 in Part
1 of the Fourth Schedule to the Employment of Foreign Manpower (Work Passes)
Regulations 2012 (S 569/2012), which states:

1\. Except as the Controller specifies otherwise in writing, the employer is
responsible for —

(a) the upkeep and maintenance of the foreign employee in Singapore, including
the provision of adequate food and medical treatment; and

(b) bearing the costs of such upkeep and maintenance.

[emphasis added]

15 The District Judge sentenced the first respondent to three weeks’
imprisonment and the maximum fine of $10,000 (in default, one month’s
imprisonment), and sentenced the second respondent to three months’
imprisonment. This followed both respondents’ having entered a plea of guilt
after the close of the Prosecution’s case.

16 The Public Prosecutor appeals and contends that, in view of the manner and
extent of their abuse of the victim, which resulted in the denial of her basic
human right to adequate nutrition, nothing short of the maximum prescribed 12
months’ imprisonment will suffice.

17 The facts upon which the respondents were convicted were set out in the
statement of facts and I propose only to summarise the following salient
facts.

18 The victim in this case was systematically deprived of sufficient food and
food of sufficient nutritional value over a period of 15 months. As a
consequence, the victim lost about 40% of her body weight, going from a weight
of 49kg to a weight of just 29kg. During the same period her Body Mass Index
went from 24.3, which would be at the healthy range, to 14.4 at which she was
grossly undernourished. This happened owing to a bizarre feeding regime where
she was fed a fixed number of slices of bread and packets of instant noodles
at two specified times of the day with adjustments being made to the rations
issued in a subsequent meal if there had been any extra quantity given at an
earlier meal. This routine – in terms of food quantity and quality – applied
only to the victim. The respondents and the other family members were spared
any such deprivation. Furthermore, the routine persisted even when they went
away from Singapore with the victim.

19 The victim was not only inherently vulnerable as a foreign domestic worker
for the reasons I have referred to in my reference to my judgment in Janardana
and the Court of Appeal’s judgment in ADF, she was additionally so because it
is evident from the facts that she could turn to no one for help. Her pleas to
the respondents were not fruitful. Nor were her efforts to reach out to the
maid agency because the respondents insisted that any such attempt to contact
the maid agency be conveyed by messages to be passed through them. All through
this she continued to be engaged in carrying out the domestic chores.

20 In my judgment, on an objective appraisal of the facts, the respondents
subjected the victim to systematic cruelty and the denial of her basic human
dignity.

21 Mr Damodara, counsel for the respondents, suggested that this had to be
seen in the context of some mental illness issues affecting the second
respondent. But a Newton hearing was held after which it was found that there
was no causal link between the mental illness and the conduct that the
respondents had engaged in. To put it bluntly, the second respondent’s conduct
seemed to defy explanation. In the context of a strict liability offence,
explanation is not material as to guilt. But in search of that which we think
defines our humanity, we seek an explanation for such cruel behaviour. It
seems none was forthcoming in this case.

22 Given the character of the acts in this case, I have no hesitation in
concluding that the acts and the conduct in this case fell at the very high
end of culpability. And on that basis I am amply satisfied that the sentences
that were imposed by the learned District Judge were patently and manifestly
inadequate.

23 In my judgment, this was unaffected by Mr Damodara’ s argument that the
Prosecution had proceeded on a breach of Condition 1 rather than, say,
Condition 9 which more clearly covered ill-treatment. Perhaps so; but there
was no doubt as to the gravamen of the Prosecution’s case from the statement
of facts, and I can see no unfairness at all in holding that even in the
context of a breach of Condition 1, this was a case at the high end in terms
of culpability.

24 I am also satisfied that no distinction is to be drawn between the
culpability of the first respondent and the second respondent. It is true that
the second respondent was the active perpetrator, but what makes the first
respondent equally culpable in my judgment is that his was the legal duty to
safeguard the victim, and with full knowledge of what was happening, he turned
the other way and allowed the cruelty to continue. In such circumstances I can
see no basis for treating his position as being any less culpable than the
second respondent’s.

25 The only remaining question is whether the respondents should receive the
maximum permitted sentence of 12 months. This must be considered not in the
abstract, by asking whether one thinks such conduct generally should be
visited with such a sentence, but rather by asking whether this case falls at
the very highest end of the range of culpability that is reflected in a
sentencing range that carries a maximum permitted term of imprisonment of 12
months.

26 In my judgment two factors militate against this. First, as I said to the
learned DPP Mr Sellakumaran, although the acts were cruel, and although I am
satisfied that the respondents knew and intended the acts and omissions that
they were each engaged in, and although the evidence could not provide an
explanation that makes sense for why anyone would engage in such conduct, this
fell short of establishing that the respondents had in fact acted in order to
be cruel.

27 In the course of the arguments I referred to this loosely as acting
“maliciously”, and what I mean by this is one who acts cruelly purely out of
the gratification that one derives from inflicting such cruelty. That in my
judgment would be an even more egregious case than the present one. Mr
Sellakumaran invited me to draw that inference in the absence of any other
explanation being proffered; but I think that the possibility of such a
conclusion being drawn in the circumstances should have been, but evidently
was not, put to the psychiatrists who gave evidence below.

28 The second factor I consider is that compensation in the sum of $20,000 was
in the end offered and paid by the respondents. This was substantial having
regard to what had originally been sought by the victim. I accept Mr
Sellakumaran’s submission that this was done at least in part to avoid a
harsher sentence. It came late in the day after the close of the Prosecution’s
case and was made in part in the context of a compromise of possible civil
liabilities. Hence I think the weight to be accorded this factor should be
attenuated, but nonetheless some weight should be accorded to the fact of
compensation.

29 In all the circumstances I am satisfied that a sentence of ten months’
imprisonment is appropriate. I set aside both sentences below and impose in
their place a term of imprisonment of ten months on each of the respondents.

30 In the interests of allowing the respondents to make acceptable living
arrangements for their children, I order the second respondent to commence
sentence at once and the first respondent to commence sentence one week after
the completion of the second respondent’s sentence.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Sellakumaran s/o Sellamuthoo and Crystal Tan Yan Shi (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the Appellant;  
Suresh Damodara and Sukhmit Singh (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the Respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

