Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the repuBlic of singaporE

[2017] SGHC 285

Suit No 655 of 2011  
Suit No 179 of 2012

Between

Hocen International Pte Ltd(In liquidation)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ong Shu Lin  
---  
  
… Defendant

And Between  

Ong Bee Chew  
---  
  
… Substituted Plaintiff

And

Ong Shu Lin  
---  
  
… Defendant

(By original writ and order to carry on)

grounds of decision

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Ong Bee Chew

  

v

  

Ong Shu Lin

[2017] SGHC 285

High Court — Suit No 655 of 2011 and Suit 179 of 2012  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
1–4, 8–11, 15–18 March; 2, 29 November 2016

29 November 2017

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 Hocen International Pte Ltd (“Hocen”) was in the business of selling and
distributing power cables. It carried on this business from the time it was
incorporated in May 2005 until it went into liquidation in October 2007. Hocen
has only ever had two shareholders and two directors: Ong Bee Chew and Ong Shu
Lin. The two Ongs are, respectively, the plaintiff and the defendant in the
two suits now before me. It does not appear that the two Ongs are related to
each other.

2 Hocen went into liquidation in 2007 because the defendant secured an order
for it to be compulsorily wound up on the just and equitable ground. Acting by
its liquidators, Hocen commenced these suits against the defendant in 2011 and
2012. In 2013, the liquidators assigned Hocen’s causes of action in these
suits to the plaintiff. The plaintiff was then substituted for Hocen and
progressed these suits to trial before me.

3 The plaintiff’s claim is that the defendant breached the statutory and
fiduciary duties which he owed to Hocen by causing Hocen to make payments of
about S$1.8m which were of no corporate benefit to Hocen. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), paras 12–13.

The plaintiff’s case is that these payments were part of the defendant’s
scheme to procure business for Hocen by corruption. The plaintiff accordingly
seeks to hold the defendant liable to pay damages or equitable compensation
equivalent to the value of the payments. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2), paras 16(a) and (d).

4 The defendant denies any breach of duty. His defence is that the payments
were indeed of corporate benefit to Hocen because they led to and sustained
Hocen’s substantial business selling cables. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), para 8.

The defendant’s alternative defence is that, even if he did breach his duty to
Hocen, the plaintiff always knew the purpose of the payments 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 7.

and is therefore obliged to contribute equally to the defendant’s liability in
these suits. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 20.

5 I have accepted the plaintiff’s case that the purpose of the payments was to
procure business for Hocen by corruption, and that involving Hocen in this
scheme was not in Hocen’s interests. But I have also accepted the defendant’s
case that the plaintiff is equally culpable for this corrupt scheme and
therefore equally in breach of his duty to Hocen. As a result, I have ordered
the plaintiff to make a contribution of 50% to the defendant’s liability in
these suits.

6 As will be seen (at [187]–[190] below), the net result of these suits, given
the terms on which Hocen’s causes of action were assigned to the plaintiff, is
that the plaintiff is no better off after judgment than he was before it. This
litigation has therefore been thoroughly pointless. For that reason, as well
as the parties’ equal culpability for the corrupt scheme, I have made no order
as to the costs of the suits.

7 Both the plaintiff and the defendant have appealed against my decision in
each of the two suits before me. I therefore now set out my grounds.

Background

8 The plaintiff is an experienced businessman. He was introduced to the
defendant sometime in 2004 through a business partner by the name of Andy
Heng. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 17.

At that time, the plaintiff and Heng were running a company unrelated to this
dispute which was in the business of selling and distributing power cables for
use in port cranes. Heng invited the defendant to join that company to expand
its business through the defendant’s business contacts in China. With the
plaintiff’s support, the defendant accepted. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, paras
18–19.

Hocen is established

9 In 2004, the relationship between the plaintiff and Andy Heng broke down. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, paras
20–21.

As a result, the plaintiff and the defendant decided in May 2005 to set up a
new company to take over the existing business. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 25.

Hocen was that company.

10 The plaintiff and the defendant were each allocated a 50% shareholding in
Hocen and were each appointed a director of Hocen. The defendant was appointed
Hocen’s managing director. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 31.

The parties have always been equal shareholders of Hocen and its only two
directors.

11 It is common ground that it was the defendant who ran Hocen’s day-to-day
operations, and that he did so without the plaintiff’s day-to-day involvement
or supervision. The actual scope of the plaintiff’s role in Hocen is, however,
disputed. I examine this issue in detail at [106]–[119] below.

12 Hocen’s cable business was, on the surface, very simple. It bought cables
from an Australian company called Olex Pty Ltd (“Olex”) and sold the cables at
a profit to a Chinese company known as Shanghai Zhenhua Port Machinery Co Ltd
(“ZPMC”). ZPMC manufactures cranes for Chinese container ports and has need
for significant quantities of cables. One of ZPMC’s major customers is Yantian
International Container Terminals (“YICT”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 47;
Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 71.

13 Three of Hocen’s employees gave evidence at trial in these suits. They are
Davin Chan, an administrative manager; Raymond Goh Lnai Mun, a sales manager;
and Loh Siew Choong, also a sales manager. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5, pp 2450–2451, para 6.

All three were employed by Hocen from August 2005, shortly after it was
incorporated, until it went into liquidation in October 2007.

Hocen engages Crossbridge

14 Soon after Hocen commenced operations, it engaged the services of a Hong
Kong company called Crossbridge International Pte Ltd (“Crossbridge”). It is
common ground that it was the defendant who introduced Crossbridge to Hocen.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 3, pp 1370-1371, para 15(b).

15 Crossbridge is owned by one Tsui Wai Mun and one Yu Kit Ching. Yu’s
brother-in-law, Daniel Cheng, was also an officer of Crossbridge. He was at
the same time an equipment manager with YICT. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 47;
Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 71.

Cheng’s role in Hocen’s arrangement with Crossbridge is a matter of dispute in
this case.

The Crossbridge payments

16 Between September 2005 and October 2006, the defendant caused Hocen to
issue a total of ten cash cheques 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 6.

and to make eight bank remittances 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 7.

to Crossbridge. I will refer to these transactions collectively as the
Payments. The total amount debited from Hocen’s account by way of the ten
cheques was S$855,225 and US$52,700. The total amount debited from Hocen’s
account by way of the eight remittances was US$567,200.

17 The defendant drew each cash cheque on Hocen’s account with the United
Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) and personally cashed the cheque over the counter at
a UOB branch. He then physically delivered the cash to a representative of
Crossbridge: either Daniel Cheng, Tsui Wai Mun or Yu Kit Ching. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, paras
61-62.

It is the defendant’s evidence that he delivered the cash drawn against the
last two cheques to Crossbridge for onward payment to a third party who had
supplied materials to Crossbridge. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ong Shu Lin 3rd Affidavit dated 20 March 2013, Exhibit OSL-1; Substituted
Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 577.

But there is no suggestion that the last two cash cheques are any different in
kind from the first eight. I therefore treat the claim on all ten cash cheques
as standing or falling together.

18 There is no independent evidence whatsoever to show that the defendant
actually delivered all of the S$855,225 and US$52,700 in cash to Crossbridge,
as he claims. The plaintiff has his suspicions about this 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 110–119.

and suggests that the defendant pocketed some of the money for himself. But
the evidence which the plaintiff puts forward to support this suggestion is
entirely circumstantial and extremely slight. In any event, the claim against
the defendant is based on a lack of corporate benefit rather than on
misappropriation for personal benefit. The plaintiff therefore does not need
to prove that his suspicions are true in order to succeed. I assume for
present purposes, therefore, that the defendant handed over all of the cash to
Crossbridge, retaining none for himself.

The Crossbridge contracts

19 Between March 2006 and January 2007, Hocen entered into four written
contracts with Crossbridge. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, pp 3580–3608.

I shall call them the “Crossbridge Contracts”. The terms of the four contracts
are identical to each other in all material respects.

20 The purpose of the Crossbridge Contracts was apparently to formalise an
existing arrangement between Hocen and Crossbridge. The contracts ostensibly
obliged Crossbridge to provide quality assurance and progress monitoring
services (collectively, “the Services”) when cables sourced from Hocen were
installed in cranes manufactured by ZPMC.

Hocen goes into liquidation

21 The relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant began to
deteriorate in the middle of 2006. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 24.

As a result, Hocen’s operations and business became deadlocked. This led the
defendant to apply in August 2007 for Hocen to be wound up by the court on,
amongst others, the just and equitable ground. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 25;
Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, pp 742–744.

The court made the winding up order in October 2007 and appointed three
accountants as Hocen’s liquidators. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 3, p 1665, para (ii).

22 It is important to point out that Hocen, though now in liquidation, is far
from insolvent. After paying all of its creditors and defraying the
liquidation expenses, there is in fact a substantial surplus which remains to
be distributed equally to Hocen’s only two shareholders: the plaintiff and the
defendant.

23 After taking office in October 2007, the liquidators duly reviewed Hocen’s
affairs and records. In the course of the review, they interviewed both the
plaintiff and the defendant. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 8–9, para 10.

In September 2009, they submitted a confidential report of their findings to
the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”). The CAD considered the liquidators’
report and took the position that it disclosed no criminal offence. The CAD
decided not to investigate any further. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Cause Papers Vol 3, p 1500, para 12.1.

24 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the CAD’s decision. He instructed his
lawyers to obtain a copy of the liquidators’ report. Thus, in October 2010,
the plaintiff applied under ss 315 and 284 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the liquidators to disclose the outcome of their
review insofar as it related to Crossbridge. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Certified Transcript, 8 March 2016, p 102 (line 22) to p 103 (line 14).

In April 2011, the High Court ordered the disclosure. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Cause Papers Vol 4, pp 2356–2360.

25 The essence of the liquidators’ findings in their report was that the
Payments did not appear to have conferred any corporate benefit on Hocen. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 9–10, para 11.

In particular, the liquidators found a lack of documentary evidence that
Crossbridge had actually provided any of the Services. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 13, para 18.

The liquidators were also unable to verify that the defendant had indeed
delivered the cash withdrawn from Hocen’s account to Crossbridge, as he
claimed. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 20–21, para 34.

26 The liquidators nevertheless considered that “no useful purpose would be
served” by bringing civil proceedings against the defendant for breach of
duty. Their view was that the outcome of the proceedings was uncertain and the
associated costs unjustifiable. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5, pp 2447–2448, para 12.

They noted that all the cheques and remittance instructions for the Payments
had also been approved and signed by the plaintiff himself, in addition to the
defendant. It therefore appeared to the liquidators that both directors and
shareholders knew of and approved the Payments. The liquidators were also
unable to investigate the Payments further because they could not interview
Hocen’s former employees or the recipients of the Payments. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5, pp 2447–2448, para 12.

Subsequently, however, the liquidators were able to interview a number of
Hocen’s former employees.

Hocen sues the defendant

27 In September 2011, with funding from the plaintiff, the liquidators
commenced the first of the two suits now before me. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Certified Transcript, 8 March 2016, p 103 (line 24) to p 104 (line 1).

Hocen was named as the plaintiff in the suit. This first suit alleges that the
defendant breached his duties to Hocen by paying away the cash drawn on the
ten cash cheques for no corporate benefit.

28 In March 2012, the liquidators commenced the second of the two suits now
before me. This second suit alleges that the defendant breached his duties to
Hocen by causing it to make the eight bank remittances to Crossbridge for no
corporate benefit.

29 In due course, the defendant filed counterclaims in both suits, pleading
that the plaintiff was liable to contribute towards any sums which the
defendant may be found to be liable to pay Hocen.

30 In May 2012, the liquidators applied for an order that the defendant
account for the cash which he had withdrawn against the cash cheques. In
January 2013, the court ordered the defendant to furnish the account. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 569–570.

As required by the order, the defendant filed an affidavit in March 2013 which
stated essentially that he had handed all of the cash to different
representatives of Crossbridge on various occasions (see [17] above). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 573–579.

31 In April 2013, the liquidators agreed to permit the plaintiff to take over
the carriage of these suits. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 597, para 17.

In November 2013, with the High Court’s sanction, the liquidators caused Hocen
to assign to the plaintiff its causes of action against the defendant. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, pp 737–738.

The plaintiff was then substituted for Hocen as the plaintiff in both suits. I
examine the terms of the assignment more closely at [188]–[189] below.

32 The plaintiff adopted the liquidators’ case against the defendant in both
suits. The suits were never formally consolidated but were ordered to be tried
together with evidence in one being evidence in the other. Both suits were
ultimately tried before me.

33 Before turning to the parties’ cases, I make this general observation. The
parties’ business relationship began on the basis that the plaintiff would
bring to the table his capital and access to financing while the defendant
would bring to the table the business opportunity to sell cables in China and
his personal relationships with Chinese buyers. In short order, and
supercharged by corruption, Hocen’s business proved lucrative beyond either
party’s expectations (see [89] below). Each party then suspected the other of
trying to take over the entire corrupt business for himself. The resulting
deadlock led to the defendant’s application to wind up Hocen in 2007. It also
led the plaintiff to fund the liquidators to pursue the defendant in these
suits, and eventually to take over as the plaintiff in both suits. The
parties’ business relationship has obviously ended in acrimony. I accept the
defendant’s submission that the plaintiff has brought these suits against him
as part of a vendetta arising from the defendant’s decision to kill the goose
that laid the golden egg by winding up Hocen in 2007. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 143–154.

Parties’ cases

34 The plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the defendant breached his duties to
Hocen by effecting payments to Crossbridge which did not confer any corporate
benefit on Hocen. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), para 10.

The plaintiff submits that Hocen derived no corporate benefit from the
Payments for two reasons: (a) because Crossbridge did not, in fact, provide
any of the Services to Hocen; and (b) because the defendant caused Hocen to
make the Payments pursuant to a scheme to engage and fund Crossbridge to
procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. The plaintiff also claims
that he was not complicit in the defendant’s breaches of duty because the
plaintiff had little knowledge about Hocen’s dealings with Crossbridge and
trusted the defendant in that regard.

35 The defendant, on the other hand, claims that he did not breach his duties
to Hocen. He argues that Hocen derived three corporate benefits from the
Payments: (a) Crossbridge did, in fact, provide the Services; (b) Crossbridge
entertained individuals from ZPMC and bought them gifts to induce them not to
make complaints about cables supplied by Hocen; and (c) Crossbridge also
entertained individuals from YICT and bought gifts for them. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 29 (line 20) to p 30 (line 2) and p 40
(lines 9–20)

The defendant also claims that, despite appearances, the Payments were paid
without corrupt intent and not pursuant to a scheme to procure business for
Hocen by corruption. In the alternative, the defendant argues that if he did
breach his duties to Hocen, the plaintiff is equally culpable. The plaintiff
knew that Hocen was making the Payments to Crossbridge and knew the purpose of
the Payments. Accordingly, the defendant seeks a 50% contribution from the
plaintiff in respect of any sum for which he is found liable in these suits.

Issues

36 There are three broad issues to be decided:

(a) Did the defendant breach his duties as a director to Hocen?

(b) Did the plaintiff breach his duties as a director to Hocen?

(c) Can the defendant rely on the doctrine of ex turpi causa non oritur actio
so as to defeat the claim?

37 I address these three issues in turn.

Issue 1: The defendant’s breach of duty

38 It is common ground that the Services, if performed, would have constituted
a corporate benefit to Hocen. To decide whether the defendant breached his
duty to Hocen, therefore, I must first decide whether Crossbridge performed
the Services. If I find that Crossbridge did not, I then have to decide the
true purpose of the Payments and whether that purpose conferred a corporate
benefit on Hocen. Finally, in the light of my findings on these two issues, I
must decide whether the defendant breached his duties to Hocen.

Did Crossbridge perform the Services?

39 The ostensible purpose of the Crossbridge Contracts was to place
Crossbridge under a contractual obligation to perform the Services. In broad
terms, Crossbridge’s ostensible role was to ensure that ZPMC complied with
Hocen’s specifications in carrying out its cable installation works. The
actual scope of the Services is set out with precision in cl 2 of the
Crossbridge Contracts. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, pp
1838–1839.

They include:

(a) nominating a full-time English and Chinese speaking project manager in
Shanghai to perform the Services (cl 2.1);

(b) establishing a detailed “Tests and Inspection Schedule” for the entire
manufacturing and assembly period, which will indicate the number and type of
personnel Crossbridge shall require for each week (cl 2.2);

(c) obtaining all drawings pertaining to the electrical cable installation
works that are necessary to perform the inspection (cl 2.3);

(d) sending a list of the certificates/inspection or test records to Hocen,
and doing so bi-weekly (cl 2.4);

(e) notifying Hocen of any discrepancies between ZPMC’s and Crossbridge’s
interpretation of the pass/fail criteria of the cable installation works (cl
2.5); and

(f) holding a monthly work progress review meeting with ZPMC and reporting to
Hocen any possible delays in installation works (cl 2.6).

Plaintiff’s submissions

40 The plaintiff advances three principal reasons in support of his case that
Crossbridge did not perform the Services.

41 First, he submits that there is no documentary evidence that Crossbridge
ever performed any of the Services: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 91.

(a) The liquidators did not find any correspondence between Hocen and ZPMC
showing that Crossbridge had performed the Services. While there was some
correspondence between Hocen, ZPMC and Olex on damaged cables in China, that
correspondence contained no mention of Crossbridge’s role in inspecting or
testing these cables.

(b) The liquidators found none of the documents which Crossbridge was
contractually obliged to generate and furnish to Hocen under the Crossbridge
Contracts. Clause 2.3 of the Crossbridge Contracts required Crossbridge to
prepare a list of certificates or test records every fortnight. Clause 2.4
required Crossbridge to establish a detailed test and inspection schedule.
None of these documents were found amongst Hocen’s records.

(c) The liquidators found none of the documents which Crossbridge was likely
to have generated and furnished to Hocen if it had in fact performed the
Services. Clause 2.6 of the Crossbridge Contracts required Crossbridge to hold
monthly work progress review meetings with ZPMC. The liquidators found no
reports, updates or minutes of these meetings amongst Hocen’s records.

42 Second, the plaintiff submits that the documentary evidence which the
defendant has produced to show that Crossbridge performed the Services is
flimsy. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 92–93.

This evidence comprises a fax dated 19 September 2007 from one Huang Xing Fei,
allegedly an employee of ZPMC. The plaintiff points out that this fax is of
doubtful provenance because the liquidators did not find it amongst Hocen’s
records. Further, the plaintiff objects to the admissibility of the fax on the
basis that it is hearsay evidence: Huang did not testify at trial. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, Annex A, para 34.

Finally, even if one puts aside these points, the fax merely states that Hocen
“previously engaged subcontractors at ZPMC ChangXing Base site”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 263.

It does not identify Crossbridge as one of these subcontractors.

43 Third, the plaintiff submits that the defendant’s oral evidence should not
be believed because it is inconsistent and constantly evolving. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 94–104.

The plaintiff suggests that the defendant does not himself believe that
Crossbridge ever performed any of the Services. The thrust of the defendant’s
evidence, as presented in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), is that
Hocen engaged Crossbridge to procure business from ZPMC, not to perform the
Services for Hocen. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 95.

It was only under cross-examination that the defendant attempted to support a
case based on ZPMC’s actually performing the Services by alleging – for the
first time – that he had personally witnessed Crossbridge inspecting the
installation of Olex cables at the ZPMC site. Unsurprisingly, the plaintiff
submits that the defendant’s oral evidence is an afterthought and should not
be believed. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 96.

In any event, even if the defendant’s claim to have visited the ZPMC site “a
couple of times” is true, this does not address Crossbridge’s failure to
prepare and furnish documentation to Hocen as stipulated in the Crossbridge
Contracts. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 97.

It is also unbelievable, says the plaintiff, for the defendant to claim that
this documentation was unnecessary or that he could not obtain it as he was
shorthanded. The defendant’s own position is that Crossbridge was engaged to
inspect Olex cables and ensure that ZPMC properly installed the cables to
protect Hocen against possible claims by ZPMC. On this hypothesis, it is
likely that the defendant would have ensured that Hocen was actually protected
by insisting that Crossbridge prepare and furnish the stipulated
documentation, for Hocen to have available in case ZPMC ever made a claim
against Hocen arising from the installation work. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 100–101.

The complete absence of any of the stipulated documentation amongst Hocen’s
records means that it is more likely that Crossbridge never performed any of
the Services.

Defendant’s submissions

44 The defendant, in turn, has four principal submissions. First, he submits
that the lack of documentation does not mean that Crossbridge did not perform
the Services. He claims that counterparts in China do not place much emphasis
on ensuring that documentation is complete and up to date. He did nevertheless
satisfy himself, by visiting the ZPMC site, that Crossbridge had performed the
Services. The reason that both he and the plaintiff did not ask Crossbridge
for any reports is because they were satisfied that everything was running
smoothly. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 43.

45 Second, the defendant argues that the fax dated 19 September 2007 from
Huang Xing Fei (see [42] above) is credible proof that Crossbridge was one of
the subcontractors whom Hocen engaged to inspect the installation of the
cables which Hocen supplied to ZPMC. The defendant submits that the
liquidators saw an email between the defendant and Huang in which the
defendant had asked Huang to confirm the presence of Hocen’s subcontractors at
ZPMC’s site. Little weight should therefore be given to the fact that Hocen’s
liquidators did not find the fax, which contained words to similar effect, in
Hocen’s records. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 44(c)(ii).

46 Third, the defendant relies on a photograph said to be of one Joe Liang at
the ZPMC site as evidence that Crossbridge did indeed monitor the installation
of cables at the ZPMC site. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5, p 1699A.

Liang is the person who signed the Crossbridge Contracts on behalf of
Crossbridge, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

See, for example, Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, pp 3583
and 3598.

and he was at the ZPMC site as a “site manager” for Crossbridge. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2016, p 140 (lines 18–19).

The photograph shows a person said to be Liang stripping cables in the
presence of a ZPMC worker. According to the defendant, at the time the
photograph was taken, ZPMC had complained that water had seeped into a cable
which had been installed. Olex required the cable to be stripped and tested,
56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2016, p 141 (lines 7–9).

which was what Liang was doing.

47 Fourth, the defendant contends that there are at least two individuals who
can give independent evidence about Crossbridge’s work at the ZPMC site. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 44(d)–44(e).

The first is Loh Siew Choong, a former employee of Hocen. Loh used to visit
the site frequently from 2005 to 2007. The defendant called Loh as a witness.
Loh’s evidence is that he saw Daniel Cheng and his staff at the ZPMC site and
that they acknowledged each other. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Loh Siew Choong’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 6.

The second person is one Zhang Yixiao, a former employee of ZPMC. Zhang filed
an affidavit on the defendant’s behalf opposing the liquidators’ application
in May 2012 for the defendant to account for the Payments (see [30] above). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Zhang Yixiao’s Affidavit in Summons No 2660 of 2012/H dated 5 October 2012,
para 5.

The defendant now relies on the fact that in that affidavit, Zhang stated that
he had heard about Crossbridge from a colleague in ZPMC. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 44(e).

The liquidators in May 2008 corresponded with Zhang over Hocen’s debt to ZPMC.
The defendant points out that, at that juncture, neither the liquidators nor
the plaintiff expressed any doubt to Zhang about the existence of Crossbridge
or that it had performed the Services. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 44(e).

Analysis and decision

48 In my judgment, the plaintiff has proved, on the balance of probabilities,
that Crossbridge did not perform the Services. I come to this conclusion for
the following reasons.

49 First, it there is no documentary evidence that Crossbridge performed the
Services. One of the liquidators gave evidence at trial that the liquidators
did not find any documentation in Hocen’s records to suggest that Crossbridge
had actually performed the Services. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 5, p 2445, para 5.

The liquidator’s evidence was not challenged. The liquidator is an officer of
the court. Neither party has suggested that he has acted without impartiality
or independence, whether in giving evidence at trial or in his investigation
of Hocen’s affairs. I accept his evidence. It is important also to note that
the defendant does not suggest that Crossbridge did, in fact, generate and
furnish to Hocen the documentation which it was obliged to generate under the
Crossbridge Contracts or that it was likely to generate in the course of
performing the Services, but that the documentation is, for whatever reason,
no longer amongst Hocen’s documents or otherwise unavailable. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 43.

50 Second, I am not persuaded by the defendant’s explanation for the lack of
documentation. His answer that Hocen was “very shorthanded” and that “the
Chinese … are not so good [at] paperwork at that point of time” is not
credible. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2016, p 159 (lines 3 and 7–8).

It is understandable that a small company like Crossbridge may, for various
reasons, fail to document thoroughly the services which it performs for a
customer. But the complete lack of even the simplest form of direct or even
indirect documentation in this case strongly suggests that Crossbridge never
performed any of the Services at all. At the very least, as the plaintiff
argues, the fact that Crossbridge failed to generate the documentation which
the Crossbridge Contracts expressly obliged it to generate as part of the
Services necessarily means that Crossbridge did not perform the Services in
full. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, para 19.

Furthermore, one would think that Hocen would consider it important to
generate and retain some sort of documentation, however incomplete or
indirect, to protect itself against claims by ZPMC. That was, after all,
Hocen’s ostensible purpose in engaging Crossbridge to provide the Services.

51 Third, I agree with the plaintiff that Huang Xing Fei’s fax is inadmissible
hearsay. Huang did not testify at trial to prove the fax and to be cross-
examined on its contents. Even then, it is not clear that his direct evidence
would have addressed the hearsay objection. There is no evidence that the
contents of Huang’s fax – tendered to prove that Crossbridge in fact performed
the Services – was within Huang’s personal knowledge.

52 Even if the fax were admissible, it would carry little evidential weight.
Although it refers to “subcontractors”, there is no mention that Crossbridge
was one of the subcontractors. Even if I were to assume that Huang was
referring to Crossbridge, the statement that Hocen “engaged” Crossbridge to
provide quality assurance services is merely evidence that Hocen entered into
the Crossbridge Contracts. That is an undisputed and indisputable fact. The
point in dispute is whether Crossbridge actually performed the Services. That
is not a fact which Huang’s statement asserts. Even if I were to read Huang’s
statement as confirming that Crossbridge actually did perform the Services,
the statement does not assert – and therefore cannot prove – that Crossbridge
performed the Services in accordance with the Crossbridge Contracts so as to
have earned the Payments.

53 Fourth, I attach little weight to the photograph allegedly showing Joe
Liang stripping cables on site. There is no independent evidence that the
person in the photograph is in fact Joe Liang. There is also nothing in the
photograph to suggest that it was taken at the ZPMC site. And even if it was,
it would at best be evidence that on one specific occasion, one representative
of Crossbridge was on site to remedy one specific issue with the cables. It
hardly supports the claim that Crossbridge performed the Services in
accordance with the Crossbridge Contracts so as to have earned the Payments.

54 Fifth, I do not accept the defendant’s evidence that he “personally
witnessed” Crossbridge inspecting the installation of cables at the ZPMC site.
66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 117 (line 8).

The defendant did not make this allegation at any time when the liquidators
interviewed him. Nor did he make this allegation in any of his affidavits in
this litigation. During cross-examination, the defendant claimed that
“Crossbridge has a few letters to Hocen saying that I have been to the site to
accept the work done”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 117 (lines 18-20).

But no letter of this nature has been adduced in evidence. I therefore accept
the plaintiff’s submission that this aspect of the defendant’s evidence is not
credible and is a mere afterthought. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 96.

In any event, the defendant’s evidence is merely that he was at the site “a
couple of times” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 114 (line 11).

or “a few times” because he had a “busy schedule”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 138 (lines 3–6).

Taking the defendant at his word, then, he is hardly in a position to testify
generally that Crossbridge performed the Services in accordance with the
Crossbridge Contracts so as to have earned the Payments.

55 Finally, Loh Siew Choong’s and Zhang Yixiao’s evidence, in my view, does
not assist the defendant’s case at all. Loh’s evidence is that he told the
liquidators that he ran into Daniel Cheng once at ZPMC’s canteen on ChangXing
Island. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript, 17 March 2016, p 25 (line 23) to p 26 (line 6).

Although Loh recalls being told that Cheng was “from Crossbridge”, he did not
know that Cheng also worked for YICT. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Certified Transcript, 17 March 2016, p 26 (lines 11–13) and p 27 (line 8).

Accordingly, the fact that Cheng was spotted on the island by someone other
than the defendant hardly corroborates the defendant’s oral evidence that
Crossbridge performed the Services: Cheng could have been there not for
Crossbridge but for YICT. And even if he had been there for Crossbridge, that
in itself says nothing about whether Crossbridge performed the Services in
accordance with the Crossbridge Contracts so as to have earned the Payments.
Loh’s ignorance about Crossbridge’s operations is underscored by his evidence
that he knew nothing about the people associated with Crossbridge, including
Joe Liang. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript, 17 March 2016, p 29 (lines 21–25) to p 30 (lines 1–6).

56 As regards Zhang, his evidence does not show that Crossbridge performed the
Services. While he claims to have heard of Crossbridge, he also says that he
“did not have direct contact and/or communication with Crossbridge”. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Zhang Yixiao’s Affidavit in Summons No 2660 of 2012/H dated 5 October 2012,
para 7.

He therefore has no personal knowledge about Crossbridge’s activities.
Importantly, Zhang does not assert that Crossbridge was Hocen’s subcontractor
or that it was engaged in performing services for Hocen in connection with
Hocen’s business with ZPMC. Accordingly, I give his evidence no weight.

Burden of proof

57 I close with an observation on the burden of proof. The observation is
necessitated by the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff has failed to
discharge his burden of proving his case on this point because he has adduced
no evidence that Crossbridge did not perform the Services. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 42.

The suggestion is that the plaintiff is attempting to shirk the legal burden
of proving his case by relying on an absence of evidence that Crossbridge
performed the Services. I do not accept that suggestion. Instead, I find that
the plaintiff has produced evidence which is not inherently incredible – for
example, in the form of the liquidator’s evidence that no documentation was
found in Hocen’s records suggesting that Crossbridge had performed the
Services – which suffices to raise an inference that Crossbridge did not in
fact perform the Services. The evidential burden of rebutting that allegation
thus falls properly upon the defendant. For the reasons I have given, the
defendant has failed to produce weighty or even credible evidence to the
contrary. The distinction between the legal and evidential burdens of proof
are well-established and are explained fully in the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Britestone Pte Ltd v Smith & Associates [2007] 4 SLR(R) 855 at [57]–[60].
The plaintiff has correctly cited that case on this point. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, para 23.

I need not repeat the applicable principles here.

58 For the reasons above, I find that Crossbridge did not perform the
Services. Accordingly, compensating Crossbridge for the Services cannot have
been the defendant’s true purpose in causing Hocen to make the Payments.

What was the true purpose of the Payments?

59 I turn now to examine the defendant’s true purpose for causing Hocen to
make the Payments to Crossbridge. As will be seen, there is a substantial
degree of common ground between the parties on this issue. Their differences
are in the final analysis inconsequential and do not change the fact that, in
my judgment, the defendant caused Hocen to make the Payments pursuant to a
scheme to engage and fund Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC
by corruption. I begin with the plaintiff’s submissions.

Plaintiff’s submissions

60 The plaintiff’s submissions on the true purpose of the Payments may be
understood in three parts. First, the plaintiff contends that on the
defendant’s own evidence, Crossbridge’s main purpose was to procure business
for Hocen from ZPMC: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 42.

see [43] above. According to the defendant, Crossbridge was the “middleman
between Hocen and ZPMC”, and its role was to help Hocen “break into the
Chinese market”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, paras
49–50.

The defendant also told the liquidators that Crossbridge was appointed to
“help in the marketing of [Hocen’s] products”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3896, para 4.

In both instances, the defendant made minimal reference to performing the
Services being Crossbridge’s role. This in turn meant that the Services,
including providing inspection reports and certifications, were “meaningless”,
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 244, para 14.

in the defendant’s own words.

61 Second, the plaintiff argues that the Payments were intended specifically
for Crossbridge to pay on as bribes. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 55–57.

Again, the plaintiff relies to a large degree on the defendant’s own evidence
for this contention. The defendant said in his affidavit filed to oppose the
liquidators’ application for an account in May 2012 (see [30] above) that
because Hocen’s directors were not prepared themselves to pay any “bribes or
kick-backs”, he and the plaintiff appointed Crossbridge as a “middle man” to
do so. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 243, para 12.

During cross-examination, the defendant admitted that Crossbridge was paid by
Hocen to “entertain the ZPMC people at site” and to “buy them gifts” such as
“mobile phones”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 198 (lines 14–15) and p 199 (lines
13–14).

Crossbridge did this, in the defendant’s own words, “to make the site people
happy” as and when they had complaints about Hocen’s cables. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 196 (line 21).

Accordingly, says the plaintiff, the Payments were used to fund corrupt
inducements to the recipients, and were therefore bribes. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 58 and 62.

62 Third, the plaintiff advances the further contention that Crossbridge was
bribing Daniel Cheng to use his influence in YICT to cause YICT to specify
Olex cables in YICT’s orders of cranes from ZPMC, 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 71 and 76.

and that this was one of the ways in which Crossbridge procured business for
Hocen from ZPMC. The defendant himself describes Cheng as being both a
representative of Crossbridge and an equipment manager at YICT. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, paras 47
and 69(d).

The defendant implicitly accepted in cross-examination that Cheng used his
position and influence in YICT to cause YICT to specify Olex cables for the
cranes which YICT was ordering from ZPMC. The defendant also gave evidence
that Cheng was able, in one instance, to convince YICT as the end user to
accept defective cables supplied by Hocen. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified Transcript 15 March 2016, p 78 (line 25) to p 79 (line 7).

The plaintiff also points out that the defendant omitted any mention of Cheng
when the liquidators interviewed the defendant. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 82.

The plaintiff argues that that this omission was deliberate, in order to
conceal the defendant’s knowledge that part at least of the Payments were
being channelled through Cheng as bribes to YICT. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 83 to 87.

Defendant’s submissions

63 The defendant does not deny that Crossbridge’s purpose was to procure
business for Hocen from ZPMC. His case is that Crossbridge was engaged to
perform an inseparable “package” of services. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 13.

One component of that package was to perform the Services. The other component
was to procure business for Hocen by marketing its Olex cables in China. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 39.

Thus, having accepted that Crossbridge did not provide any reports or
certifications to Hocen as it was obliged to by the Crossbridge Contracts, the
defendant is eager to show that Crossbridge was nevertheless “resourceful in
providing other ‘value added services’”. These other services included, among
other things, “[e]ntertaining the [YICT] and ZPMC staff to maintain good
relations so that they would not complain or create trouble.” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 58.

Accordingly, the defendant appears not to dispute the substance of the
plaintiff’s first submission on the purpose of the Payments (see [60] above)
and the facts underlying the plaintiff’s second submission on the issue (see
[61] above).

64 What the defendant does dispute is the plaintiff’s allegation that
Crossbridge procured business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. The
defendant’s central submission on this issue is that he caused Hocen to make
the Payments to Crossbridge without any corrupt intent. One reason for this,
he says, is that Hocen did not instruct Crossbridge to buy gifts for people at
ZPMC or to entertain them; instead, Crossbridge did this of its own accord to
further Hocen’s business interests. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 47.

Another reason he gives is that it is common practice in China to buy gifts or
host meals to build and develop a business relationship. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 53; Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para
61.

He suggests that it is “surely legitimate” 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 53.

for Crossbridge to engage in this conduct, thereby implying that it is equally
legitimate for Hocen to fund Crossbridge’s conduct. The defendant also submits
that the plaintiff is speculating on Daniel Cheng’s role and that there is no
evidence to show that Cheng was in a position to influence or cause YICT to
specify Olex cables when it ordered cranes from ZPMC. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 57.

Analysis and decision

65 In my judgment, the plaintiff has proved on the balance of probabilities
that the defendant made the Payments pursuant to a scheme to engage and fund
Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption.

66 I begin by noting that I am making findings about the true nature of the
Payments in the context of determining whether a director has breached his
duty to the company. In that context, there is no technical definition of
corruption is which is applicable. There is such a definition in the penal
legislation which criminalises corruption. That definition contains the mental
and physical elements which a prosecutor must prove to secure a conviction for
corruption. But the broad question in this part of my analysis is whether the
defendant breached his duty to Hocen as a director and not whether he is
guilty of the crime of corruption. A director may breach his duties as a
director by giving a corrupt payment as defined in the criminal law. But that
is not the only way in which he may breach that duty. In any event, much will
depend on the circumstances. Therefore, it would be inappropriate for me to
suggest or to adopt a comprehensive legal definition of what corruption is for
the purposes of determining whether a director is in breach of duty.

67 In this connection, the plaintiff refers me to Black’s Law Dictionary (10th
Ed, 2014), which defines a bribe as a “reward, gift or favour given or
promised with a view to pervert the judgment of or influence the action of a
person in a position of trust”. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 62(a).

I respectfully adopt that as a working definition for present purposes.

68 I now turn to explain why I have found that the defendant caused Hocen to
make the Payments pursuant to a scheme to engage and fund Crossbridge to
procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption.

69 First, the defendant himself accepts that the Payments went towards
entertaining and buying gifts for the representatives of ZPMC and YICT. He
said that these “kickbacks” (to use his own word) helped to “make the site
people happy” and to ensure that they did not complain about the quality of
the Olex cables. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 196 (lines 15 and 21).

The defendant sought to explain that Crossbridge’s use of the Payments in this
way did not amount to corruption because no actual money was paid to ZPMC’s
representatives. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 199 (lines 13–15).

That is, however, a distinction without a difference. The entertainment, gifts
and favours which Crossbridge extended to the representatives of ZPMC amount
to corruption because they were given for the purpose of influencing the
decisions which the recipients made on behalf of ZPMC.

70 Second, I accept that Daniel Cheng used his position and influence in YICT
to cause YICT, as the end user, to specify Olex cables over rival
manufacturers’ cables in its contracts with ZPMC with the expectation that
ZPMC would source the Olex cables through Hocen. Although the evidence which
the plaintiff has presented as the foundation for this inference is
circumstantial in nature, it is nevertheless compelling in effect when viewed
in the round. Much of this evidence, again, comes from the defendant’s own
mouth. Its key strands are as follows:

(a) Daniel Cheng was in a position to influence YICT for Hocen’s benefit. As a
representative of Crossbridge, who had been engaged and funded by Hocen to
procure business, Cheng was alive to Hocen’s business interests. At the same
time, he was also an equipment manager with YICT, according to the defendant.
101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 47.

As Cheng was, in the defendant’s own words, “wearing two hats”, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 127 (lines 2–3).

he was especially well-placed to pursue Hocen’s interests from within YICT,
who had decisive influence on whether ZPMC would need to purchase Olex cables
from Hocen.

(b) In that connection, Hocen had a strong need to exert this influence over
YICT. ZPMC stated in a letter to the defendant “[t]he fact that OLEX cables
are expensive, we would only agree to purchase it if the customers would
strongly insist to have OLEX cables in their cranes.” 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 1379, para 2.

What made YICT “strongly insist” on the use of Olex cables, then? The answer
is Crossbridge, as the defendant explains in his submissions: 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 51.

It is undisputed that locally made cables are cheaper than Olex cables. There
would have been no compelling reason for ZPMC to use more expensive cables
when it could make a larger profit by using China-made cables unless
Crossbridge had recommended Olex cables to [YICT], and [YICT] specifically
requested for ZPMC to use Olex cables.

(c) In fact, Crossbridge did influence YICT through Daniel Cheng. The
defendant himself has described Cheng as “the link between [YICT] and
Crossbridge”. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 67 (lines 22–23).

More specifically, the defendant did not deny that Cheng had a role in causing
YICT to specify Olex cables in its dealings with ZPMC; in fact, he implicitly
accepted that Cheng had such a role, as can be seen in the following exchange
in cross-examination: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Certified Transcript, 15 March 2016, p 33 (lines 21–25) to p 34 (lines 1–5).

Q. So when you make these payments to Crossbridge, did you consider that Mr
Daniel Cheng will use his position in [YICT] to cause [YICT] to specify Olex
cables? Is that something you considered?

A. Because when we engage Crossbridge, and Crossbridge actually belongs to Mr
Tsui and Ms Yu, who is -- Ms Yu is the sister-in-law of Daniel --

Q. I see.

A. -- and as I said, in a way, that’s the link between the whole thing.

(d) ZPMC and YICT both behaved as if they had been bribed by behaving in a
manner which was ostensibly against their own interests and in favour of
Hocen. The defendant’s own evidence is that Crossbridge persuaded ZPMC to
forgo valid legal claims against Hocen for late delivery and defective goods.
107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 69(a).

One example took place in September 2007, when Crossbridge convinced ZPMC not
to press Hocen for damages for defective delivery of a reeling cable. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 69(c).

The defendant also testified that Daniel Cheng was able to persuade YICT to
accept cables which had presented problems caused by twisting at their core.
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 66 (lines 2–6); Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 69(d).

(e) Finally, I accept that the defendant deliberately concealed from the
liquidators the existence and role of Daniel Cheng in Hocen’s business with
ZPMC in order to avoid discovery of his corrupt scheme. Despite having several
opportunities to do so, the defendant did not mention Cheng’s name to the
liquidators when they were questioning him about Crossbridge. He suppressed
Cheng’s name even though it was on account of the “special relationship
between Daniel Cheng of Crossbridge and Hocen” that ZPMC gave favourable
credits to Hocen when Hocen was first established. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016, para 74.

When the defendant was later cross-examined on the misleading nature of his
answers to the liquidators, he gave evasive and unconvincing answers. This is
apparent from the following exchange: 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 50 (line 13) to p 51 (line 4) and p 51
(lines 14–22).

Q. Mr Ong, the question asked you: have you ever met representatives from
Crossbridge? Please provide details of those meetings, date, place, persons
met. Your answer is: I have met Mr Tsui and Ms Yu, correct? That’s your
answer?

A. I’m not sure wrong on that.

Q. Yes, you’re not wrong. But are you at least being incomplete? Would that be
fair? It’s incomplete?

A. Incomplete in?

Q. Because you don’t mention Daniel Cheng. If the question asked you, “Who did
you meet from Crossbridge?”, you say Mr Tsui and Ms Yu.

A. I’m not wrong.

Q. You’re not wrong. But if you don’t mention Mr Daniel Cheng, is that an
incomplete answer?

A. I don’t think so.

…

Q. Mr Ong, when you replied to the liquidators, you knew that you had met
Daniel Cheng, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. The liquidators asked you who from Crossbridge you had met, correct?

A. Yes.

Q. Why did you not see fit to say Daniel Cheng as well? That’s my question.
Why?

A. It’s -- it’s Mr Tsui and Ms Yu.

71 I therefore reject the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff’s
contentions as to Daniel Cheng’s role procuring business for Hocen by
corruption at YICT are mere speculation. I am satisfied on the balance of
probabilities that Cheng exercised improper influence over YICT, through
bribes such as entertainment and gifts, to cause YICT to specify Olex cables
in its contracts with ZPMC. And funding these inducements to YICT was at least
part of the defendant’s purpose in making the Payments to Crossbridge.

72 Third, the defendant’s argument that he had no corrupt intent in making the
Payments misses the point. What matters is whether he intended the Payments to
be used to influence decision-makers in a position of trust at ZPMC and YICT.
And that was indeed the defendant’s intention. It is his own case that the
Payments went towards entertaining ZPMC officers and buying them gifts so that
they would, among other things, not pursue valid claims against Hocen for
defective cables or poor installation. While he seems to deny that Daniel
Cheng played a crucial role in bribing YICT officers, he does not deny that
the only way YICT would insist on Olex cables was if it had been persuaded to
do so, and that Crossbridge was paid to do the persuasion (see [70(b)] above).

73 For these reasons, I accept the plaintiff’s case that the defendant made
the Payments pursuant to a scheme to engage and fund Crossbridge to procure
business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption.

Did the defendant breach his duty to Hocen?

74 I turn now to whether, in the light of these facts, the defendant breached
his duty to Hocen as a director. In my view, he did. I begin with the
applicable principles.

Applicable principles

75 Section 157(1) of the Act imposes upon every director of every company two
distinct statutory obligations in discharging the duties of his office: (a) at
all times to act honestly; and (b) at all times to use reasonable diligence.
These distinct obligations are based respectively on a director’s fiduciary
duty under the general law to act bona fide in the interests of the company
and on his common law duty to exercise reasonable care and diligence: Hans
Tjio, Pearlie Koh and Lee Pey Woan, Corporate Law (Academy Publishing 2015)
(“Corporate Law”) at paras 09.020 and 09.028. The plaintiff’s pleaded case
rests on both obligations. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2), paras 12(a) and 12(e).

I must therefore consider whether the defendant, as a director of Hocen,
failed to act bona fide in Hocen’s interests by causing Hocen to make the
Payments to Crossbridge, or whether he failed to exercise reasonable care and
diligence in doing so.

76 I begin by considering the first of these distinct obligations.

77 To determine civil liability for breach of the duty to act bona fide in the
interests of a company, the court will assess the intention of a director on a
subjective and an objective basis: Goh Chan Peng and others v Beyonics
Technology Ltd and another and another appeal [2017] SGCA 40 (“Goh Chan Peng”)
at [35]–[36]. At the subjective level, the court must consider whether the
director acted bona fide in what he believed (and not what the court believes)
to have been in the interests of the company (at [35]). At the objective
level, the court has to assess whether an intelligent and honest man in the
position of the director could, in the whole of the existing circumstances,
have reasonably believed that acting in that way would be for the benefit of
the company (at [36]). Where a director’s act is not objectively in the
company’s interests, the court may draw the inference that the subjective
element is also not satisfied (at [36]).

78 Having framed the analysis as incorporating a discrete subjective element,
the Court of Appeal in Goh Chan Peng then endorses the observation in Walter
Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed,
2009) that the courts in practice often apply a more objective test (at [36]).
In this connection, I add that Goh Chan Peng may be read in two ways. First,
it may be read as relying on the objective assessment of a director’s
intention purely as an evidential basis upon which to draw an inference as to
his subjective intention. To the extent that this is true, Goh Chan Pheng
departs from the Court of Appeal’s earlier approach in Ho Kang Peng v
Scintronix Corp Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Ho Kang Peng”). That case has been
regarded in a leading local text as laying down a purely objective approach to
determining a civil breach of the duty to act bona fide in the interests of a
company: Corporate Law at paras 09.022–09.023. The second way in which Goh
Chan Pheng may read is that it lays down a substantive objective component,
consonant with Ho Kang Peng. Goh Chan Pheng was not available at the time the
parties made their closing submissions. In fairness to the parties, therefore,
I shall read Goh Chan Pheng as being consistent with Ho Kang Peng.

79 Also relevant to the present case is the idea that a director who creates a
sham contract and who causes the company to participate in corruption cannot
be said to be acting bona fide in the interests of the company even if his
subjective intent is to maximise the company’s profits. This proposition forms
the ratio of Ho Kang Peng. That is a case on which the plaintiff relies
heavily. The basis of the proposition appears to be twofold, according to Ho
Kang Peng at [40]. First, it is not in the interests of a company to maximise
profits by any means. It is in the interests of a company, which ultimately
comprises its shareholders (at least, while it is solvent), “to have its
directors act within their powers and for proper purposes, to obtain full
disclosure from its directors, and not to be deceived by its directors”.
Second, a director who causes a company to participate in corruption runs the
risk of exposing the company to criminal liability, a risk which can never be
justified as being in the company’s interests. The same would, of course, be
true of a director who causes a company to make a payment to an intermediary,
intending the intermediary to make the corrupt payments in place of the
company.

80 I make two conceptual observations about the principle in Ho Kang Peng.
First, it seems to me that for the principle in Ho Kang Peng to have any
teeth, the test for determining whether a director is in breach of his duty to
act bona fide in the interests of the company must necessarily incorporate a
discrete objective element. That is because the principle in Ho Kang Peng, by
definition, circumscribes the interests of a company and the justifiability of
the risks which it may take in purely objective terms: terms which may be
entirely at variance with a director’s subjective intentions. Thus, in Ho Kang
Peng, the Court of Appeal accepted (at [37]) that the director in question,
subjectively speaking, had the financial benefit of the company in mind and
did not act to further his own interests: see also Corporate Law at para
09.022. The Court nevertheless went on to observe that, objectively speaking,
the director acted against the company’s interests by causing it to
participate in a corrupt scheme because his act exposed the company to
potential criminal proceedings (at [40]).

81 By finding that the director in Ho Kang Peng had breached his duty to act
bona fide in the company’s interests solely by virtue of the objective result
of his actions and not his subjective intention in acting as he did, the Court
of Appeal effectively exercised a supervisory jurisdiction over directors by
drawing a consequentialist line in the sand. A director who crosses that line
will be held to have breached his duty to the company and will be held
responsible for the result or potential result of his acts without regard to
his subjective intention. The consequentialism behind the rule in Ho Kang Peng
is unmistakeable: directors cannot be allowed, by crossing that line, to put
at risk the wider interests which all stakeholders have in the company. In
that case, the director was held to have crossed the line by exposing the
company to criminal liability when he acted to maximise the company’s profits
by participating in a corrupt scheme.

82 This leads to my second observation, which is that the objective approach
seems quite unexceptional in a case like Ho Kang Peng but can seem anomalous
in a case like the present. The company in Ho Kang Peng was a large public
listed company (see Ho Kang Peng at [41] and [70]). As such, it had widely-
held shares, a broad base of diverse stakeholders and well-developed
governance structures going far beyond the minimum required the Act. The
director in Ho Kang Peng undermined all those underlying interests when he
breached his duty. Hocen, on the other hand, is a small, closely-held private
company. It has never had more than four employees. Its internal governance is
no more than the bare minimum required by the Act. It has a complete
coincidence of identity and interests between the directors, the shareholders
and the company. That was the case throughout its life, and even now when it
is in liquidation. Creditors’ interests have not intruded because it is
solvent. In that sense, the plaintiff and the defendant are the company. I
shall refer to such a company as a “one-man company”. I use that term to mean
a company, whether solvent or insolvent, which is under the de facto ownership
and control either of a single person or of a group of persons who are acting
entirely in concert, all of whom I shall refer to as “director-shareholders”.

83 In a one-man company, it may be said that the consequentialism of the
objective approach loses a measure of force, at least so long as it is
solvent. There is no true separation between ownership and control. As a
consequence, there is no principal-agent problem for the law on directors’
duties to target and address. In other words, there is in reality and in
substance no abstract third party known as the “company” who has a diverging
interest which the law must be astute to protect. Instead, the shareholders,
the directors and the company are, ex hypothesi, voluntarily assuming all of
the risks which they choose to take on in order to maximise the company’s
profits. There is a strong argument for saying that, in those circumstances,
company law should not intervene to prescribe a consequentialist line beyond
which a director’s act will be a breach of the director’s duty regardless of
his subjective intention. If the director’s act exposes the company to risk,
and the risk eventuates, the consequences that follow are within the province
of the general law, both criminal and civil and both at the corporate and the
individual level. If the risk does not eventuate, however, it could be said
that company law has no basis to intervene and hold the director to be in
breach of duty merely in exposing the company to that risk. Hence, the
consequentialist approach, if it is to apply to a solvent one-man company such
as Hocen, must be justified on grounds other than addressing the tensions
inherent in the principal-agent problem. And there are at least two grounds.

84 First, the law on directors’ duties serves not only to vindicate the
shareholders’ private interest in having their capital applied in accordance
with their agreement and for proper corporate purposes in order to maximise
returns but also to vindicate a public interest in holding directors to
minimum standards of commercial morality in directing a company’s affairs. No
doubt that minimum standard must set a very low baseline in order to avoid
unnecessary interference with the central role of the enterprise and of risk-
taking in wealth creation. But not causing the company to participate in a
scheme to procure business by corruption is not too much for company law to
ask of a director. Because this interest is a public interest, it will subsist
and can be vindicated at the suit of the company even in a one-man company,
and even if the company is solvent. Of course, as a practical reality, this
public interest will not be vindicated unless control of the company’s right
to bring action changes, either through share transfers, through a successful
application under s 216A of the Act or, as here, through the imposition of
external administration such as the appointment of liquidators. But
recognising that practical reality does not undermine the conceptual basis of
the court’s supervisory jurisdiction.

85 Second, it is preferable for company law to take a single approach to all
companies, whether large or small and whether widely or closely held. Just as
all directors are subject to the same fiduciary, common law and statutory
duties regardless of the size and nature of their companies, so too all
directors must be subject to the same objective approach regardless. Making an
exception to the objective approach for companies like Hocen would have to
rest upon difficult distinctions of fact around the constitution and
composition of a given company. These distinctions would have either have to
be fixed a priori by drawing bright lines, which are always essentially
arbitrary, or would have to be resolved after the fact by judge-made law on a
case by case basis. Either approach runs the risk of introducing uncertainty
and possible incoherence into the law.

86 The upshot is that there is good reason for the part-subjective and part-
objective approach to breach of duty in Ho Kang Peng to prevail even in the
case of a solvent one-man company like Hocen.

Analysis and decision

87 I turn now to apply these principles to the facts of the present case.

88 I begin by finding that, in causing Hocen to make the Payments, the
defendant’s subjective intent was to confer an economic benefit on Hocen and
not on himself. In a very broad sense, of course, it is true that the
defendant’s ultimate objective in making the Payments was to derive a personal
economic benefit by way of the fees he would earn as a director of Hocen and
the dividends he would receive as a shareholder of Hocen. But, on the
assumption I have set out at [18] above, his intention at all times was that
those benefits should not accrue to him directly but only indirectly through
the medium of the company. That would mean that he intended those benefits be
equally available to all stakeholders in accordance with Hocen’s corporate
constitution and the Act. And indeed both the plaintiff and the defendant did
earn substantial director’s fees and dividends from Hocen so long as its
business with ZPMC continued. There is therefore no reason for me to doubt
that, as a question of fact, the defendant subjectively intended the Payments
to result in an economic benefit for Hocen rather than for himself.

89 The next point I make is that, in a purely factual sense, the Payments
indeed resulted in a significant economic benefit for Hocen. The defendant
engaged and paid Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC. The
defendant told the liquidators in clear terms that “the tie up with
Crossbridge brought us more sales because of their connection (guanxi) as they
have high level contacts with ZPMC”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3896, para 2 and p 3897,
para 5.

The effectiveness of Crossbridge is borne out by the figures. Hocen achieved
the remarkable feat of booking almost S$23.7m in revenue and earning over
S$4.7m in profit in just two and a half years of operations, achieving a
profit margin of just under 20%. Further, it managed to do all of this with no
sales staff at all in China and only three sales staff in Singapore. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defence (Amendment No. 1), paragraph 4(c).

Virtually 100% of this business came from just one customer: ZPMC.

90 However, I agree with the plaintiff that, on the authority of Ho Kang Peng,
the defendant breached his duty to act bona fide in the interests of Hocen
when he secured this economic benefit for Hocen through corruption. Now, it is
true that in this case, unlike Ho Kang Peng, the defendant did not deceive the
company in securing the benefit. For reasons I will come to, I find that the
plaintiff knew and understood how Hocen intended to and managed to attract
this staggering volume of extraordinarily profitable business from ZPMC in
such a short time. The sham Crossbridge Contracts and the Payments were
therefore tacitly but unanimously approved by both organs of the company: the
shareholders and the directors. In that sense also, the defendant did not act
dishonestly, at least not as against the plaintiff or Hocen. Nevertheless, a
number of factors lead me to conclude that the court’s supervisory
jurisdiction over directors is engaged in this case so as to render the
defendant’s conduct a breach of his duty to Hocen.

91 The first factor is my finding that the defendant made the Payments
pursuant to a scheme to engage and fund Crossbridge to procure business for
Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. In the words of the Court of Appeal in Ho Kang
Peng (at [40]), the defendant by making the Payments created an “unjustified
risk of subjecting [Hocen] to criminal liability”. That risk is objectively
contrary to Hocen’s interests. The defendant personally created that risk by
initiating and making the Payments.

92 The second factor is my finding that the Crossbridge Contracts were sham
contracts. As I have found (see [48]–[56] above), Crossbridge did not perform
the Services for Hocen as stipulated in the Crossbridge Contracts.
Crossbridge’s true role was to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by
corruption. But the truth is nowhere reflected in any agreement between Hocen
and Crossbridge, and certainly not in the Crossbridge Contracts. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, pp 3580–3608.

I find that Hocen and Crossbridge intended the Crossbridge Contracts from the
very outset to be nothing more than a plausible legal pretext for the corrupt
scheme. They entered into the contracts with absolutely no intention
whatsoever that Crossbridge should ever perform the stipulated Services. The
result is that the Crossbridge Contracts were a sham. They were not unlike the
sham consulting agreement which the director in Ho Kang Peng executed on
behalf of his company as a plausible legal pretext for the corruption in that
case. That was one reason the Court of Appeal found that the director had
breached his duty to act honestly under s 157 of the Act: Ho Kang Peng at
[41]. Similarly, the fact that the Crossbridge Contracts were a sham taints
indelibly the defendant’s conduct in causing Hocen to make the Payments,
ostensibly pursuant to those contracts.

93 A third factor is that the defendant deliberately structured the corrupt
scheme to create a defence of plausible deniability. He needed this defence
not as against the plaintiff, who for reasons I will explain knew the truth
from the outset, but as against external parties such as Hocen’s auditor, a
liquidator who might take over control of the company and criminal
investigators such as the CAD who might investigate the Payments. The
defendant’s own evidence is that he interposed Crossbridge in Hocen’s dealings
with ZPMC because he wanted an intermediary to do what he euphemistically
calls the “leg work” and what I would call the dirty work: 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 243, para 12.

This is also to ensure that the end customers/users will be happy with the
cables supplied, and do not cause trouble by complaining about quality and
delivery (which is a common practice in China to obtain gratification and kick
back). As [the plaintiff] and I were not prepared to pay any kick back, [the
plaintiff] himself had proposed using a middle man to do the necessary leg
work and to ease the paper works. This was agreed between the 2 directors, and
the Company needed Crossbridge to service the customers in China, without the
2 directors being accused of paying bribes or kick-backs. In fact, this was
the idea of [the plaintiff], who wanted to keep his nose clean and use others
to facilitate the business, and now after we have our fall out, [the
plaintiff] is trying to get me into trouble by alleging that I pocketed the
money.

This indicates, at the very least, that the defendant interposed Crossbridge
specifically to remove Hocen by one step from future gratifications to ZPMC.
Further, the defendant made the majority of the Payments in cash delivered
directly to Crossbridge. That was no doubt to make it harder for anyone with
an interest to trace the flow of funds and the purpose of the Payments. All of
this was a deliberate attempt to engage plausible deniability and to misdirect
investigation of the Payments by external parties.

94 It will be recalled that the plaintiff’s pleaded case is that the defendant
breached his duties to Hocen by effecting various payments to Crossbridge
which did not confer any corporate benefit on Hocen: see [38] above. The
plaintiff has asserted that the Payments had three purposes (see [35] above).
The sole legitimate purpose is as compensation to Crossbridge for performing
the Services. As Crossbridge did not perform the Services, it follows that
Hocen made the Payments for illegitimate purposes. The Payments did, however,
earn huge profits for Hocen. But that economic benefit cannot be regarded as a
corporate benefit because that economic benefit was derived by corruption, at
the cost of exposing Hocen to criminal liability. All of that points to the
defendant breaching his duty to act bona fide in the company’s interests
rather than complying with it.

95 All of this also points to the defendant having breached his duty to
exercise reasonable care and diligence rather than complying with it. It is
apposite to note here that the Court of Appeal’s analysis in Ho Kang Peng
found that the director’s act in causing the company to enter into a sham
contract as a pretext for making corrupt payments was a breach not only of his
fiduciary duty, but also of his duty to exercise reasonable diligence and to
exercise reasonable care and skill: see Ho Kang Peng at [40], [42] and [44].

96 Accordingly, the plaintiff has succeeded in proving his pleaded case. The
defendant is in breach of duty to Hocen. That suffices to dispose of the
defendant’s primary case in defence.

Issue 2: The plaintiff’s breach of duty

97 I turn now to consider the defendant’s alternative case in defence. That
case is that the plaintiff knew and approved of the defendant’s scheme to
engage and fund Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by
corruption and is therefore liable to make a contribution of 50% to the
defendant in respect of his liability. I begin with the defendant’s
submissions.

Knowledge of Hocen’s transactions with Crossbridge

Defendant’s submissions

98 The defendant’s case on the plaintiff’s knowledge of Hocen’s transactions
with Crossbridge is this: the plaintiff knew the true purpose of involving
Crossbridge in the parties’ planned business even before Hocen was
incorporated. After Hocen was incorporated, the plaintiff was an equal
participant in all of Hocen’s major decisions, particularly those involving
Hocen’s business and finances. The plaintiff approved all 18 of the Payments
and countersigned the relevant cheques or remittance instructions together
with the defendant. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, pp 3614, 3617, 3620, 3623,
3626, 3630, 3634, 3642, 3645, 3650, 3652, 3658, 3663, 3666, 3672, 3681, 3682
and 3694.

He did so with knowledge of Crossbridge’s role and the purpose of the
payments. The defendant relies on three broad strands of evidence to show that
the plaintiff had the necessary knowledge.

99 First, the defendant relies on his evidence that the plaintiff accompanied
the defendant when the defendant went to UOB on two occasions to withdraw cash
from Hocen’s account against a cash cheque in order to make a cash payment to
Crossbridge. The first occasion took place at a UOB branch at MacPherson Road.
The plaintiff accepts that he visited this branch with the defendant. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 1, p 419.

The date on the cheque is 23 September 2005, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3613.

which means that they must have visited the MacPherson branch at or around
that time. The second occasion took place at a UOB branch at Shenton Way. The
date on the cheque is 30 November 2005. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3616.

The plaintiff has accepted that this was Hocen’s “2nd payment” to Crossbridge,
and that he was at the bank with the defendant when the defendant withdrew the
cash against this cheque. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3914.

It is not disputed that these two cash cheques went towards the first two
Payments to Crossbridge. The defendant argues that the plaintiff’s knowledge
of these two cash cheques corroborates the defendant’s case that the plaintiff
“had known about Crossbridge from the beginning, and agreed to the engagement
of Crossbridge and its payment arrangement” [emphasis in original]. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 101.

100 Second, the defendant points to the fact that the plaintiff knew that
Hocen’s auditor had asked Hocen to confirm that the amounts that Hocen was
paying to Crossbridge were genuinely for cable installation services. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 119 and 124.

The auditor’s request was communicated to Hocen by a letter dated 28 July 2006
which was addressed to the plaintiff and the defendant. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 1278.

The defendant initially prepared a draft response stating that Crossbridge’s
“value-added services … enables us to win projects”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 1279, para 3.

This draft response was never sent. Hocen’s actual response to the auditor,
sent on 20 September 2006, deleted any mention of Crossbridge enabling Hocen
to win projects. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3996, para 3.

The defendant says that it was the plaintiff who refused to approve the letter
until those words were deleted and the he did so because he was worried that
those words could be read as an implicit admission that Hocen was involved in
corruption. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 122.

101 Third, the defendant points out that the plaintiff was a co-signatory of
each of the cash cheques and of each of the telegraphic transfer application
forms for the Payments. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 110.

The defendant’s point is that the plaintiff knew the purpose of these
transactions. The defendant relies on the plaintiff’s own evidence that he is
a careful businessman who approved each Payment only after sighting the
relevant underlying documentation, after being satisfied of the purpose of the
payment and after ascertaining that the sum to be paid was in fact due and
payable. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 103.

The defendant highlights two payments totalling over S$520,000 which were made
within three weeks in December 2006. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 111.

The plaintiff’s evidence is that he did not believe this to be a large sum and
did not ask why it had to be paid. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 112.

The defendant asks me to reject this evidence, pointing to the plaintiff’s own
evidence about the care he takes in approving payments.

Plaintiff’s submissions

102 The plaintiff’s central submission in response to the defendant’s
alternative case in defence is that the defendant has failed to discharge his
burden of proof. The plaintiff argues that this defence cannot succeed unless
the defendant can prove that the plaintiff knew that Crossbridge’s true role
was to be to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption and that the
plaintiff agreed to that role in 2004, even before Hocen was incorporated. The
plaintiff relies on three principal arguments to submit that the defendant has
failed to discharge his burden of proof on the balance of probabilities, and
that the defendant’s claim for contribution must necessarily fail. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 122–123.

103 First, the plaintiff submits that I should reject the defendant’s self-
serving oral evidence that the plaintiff knew of Crossbridge’s true role. That
evidence consists only of the defendant’s bare assertion that “[the plaintiff]
and I decided to appoint Crossbridge as Hocen’s agent”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 149–150.

Further, the defendant has given inconsistent accounts of when he and the
plaintiff purportedly decided to appoint Crossbridge. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 152–158.

Finally, the defendant failed to lead any evidence from any of the officers
from Crossbridge to show that the plaintiff was complicit in the defendant’s
true arrangement with Crossbridge. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 139–140.

104 Second, the plaintiff submits that the defendant told him that
Crossbridge’s role was only as a subcontractor and not to procure business.
The plaintiff refers to the latter role as that of an “agent”. As a result,
says the plaintiff, his understanding of Crossbridge’s true role all along was
that it was a subcontractor and not an agent. He says that the defendant
himself maintained the position that Crossbridge was a subcontractor before
this litigation was commenced. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 166.

Thus, for example, the defendant told Hocen’s auditor that Crossbridge was a
subcontractor. He also told the accountant appointed by the plaintiff to
investigate Hocen before it was wound up that Crossbridge was a subcontractor.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 178-179; Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle
of Documents Vol 2, pp 1152–1153, para 4.3.1.

As a result, relying on the defendant’s statements, the plaintiff has also
taken the position consistently that Crossbridge was a subcontractor and not
an agent. He took this position in his affidavits opposing Hocen’s winding up
in 2007, in his answers to Hocen’s liquidators, and in his evidence in this
trial. That is what the plaintiff believed when he approved and co-signed
Hocen’s payments to Crossbridge.

105 Third, the plaintiff argues that he did not know and could not reasonably
have known that Crossbridge was procuring business for Hocen from ZPMC by
corruption at the time the defendant was making the Payments. It was the
defendant and not he who ran Hocen. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 185–205.

The plaintiff also did not deal with Crossbridge. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 206–214.

Hocen’s employees had either no knowledge or only limited knowledge of
Crossbridge. They did not testify that the plaintiff knew that Crossbridge was
procuring business for Hocen from ZPMC at all, let alone by corruption. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 215–223.

Finally, the final form of Hocen’s formal response dated 20 September 2006 to
Hocen’s auditor’s letter dated 28 July 2006 (see [100] above) does not show,
as the defendant submits, that the plaintiff knew that Crossbridge was
procuring business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, paras 224–233.

Analysis and decision

106 I find that the plaintiff was complicit in the scheme to engage and fund
Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. The
objective evidence, albeit largely circumstantial, is compelling. When coupled
with the defendant’s oral evidence, which I accept, it suffices to discharge
the defendant’s burden of proof.

107 I accept the defendant’s evidence that the plaintiff knew from the outset,
even before Hocen was incorporated, that Crossbridge was to be engaged to
procure business for Hocen from ZPMC. I accept also that the plaintiff knew
that Crossbridge’s role would be to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by
corruption. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Certified Transcript, 11 March 2016, p 71 (line 12) to p 82 (line 25).

The plaintiff’s evidence is that he found out the truth only in the course of
winding up proceedings which the defendant commenced in 2007. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 168.

For the reasons which follow, I reject that evidence.

108 I find that the plaintiff was an active participant in Hocen’s significant
business decisions. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 88.

Although the plaintiff was not the managing director of Hocen or directly
involved in its sales function, the defendant kept the plaintiff updated from
time to time on Hocen’s affairs. After all, it was largely the plaintiff’s
capital which was at stake. I accept the defendant’s evidence that he would
discuss every one of Hocen’s projects with the plaintiff, including purchase
orders and contracts. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, 88–89; Certified Transcript, 16 March 2016, p
71 (lines 19–20).

This evidence is supported by the testimony of a member of Hocen’s staff, Goh
Lnai Mun. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

Certified Transcript, 17 March 2016, pp 91–92.

109 I find also that the plaintiff knew that Hocen was making payments to
Crossbridge. It is a fact that the plaintiff signed all the cash cheques and
all of the remittance instructions. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

See, for example, Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, pp 3616,
3649, and 3692.

He was also with the defendant on at least one occasion when the defendant
withdrew cash from Hocen’s account for Crossbridge against a cash cheque. That
took place at a UOB branch at MacPherson Road. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3914; Defendant’s Closing Submissions,
para 98; Ong Shu Lin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 4 January 2016,
para 61; Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit dated 10 August 2012, para 14.

The date on the cheque indicates that this took place in September 2005: see
[99] above. The plaintiff explained in cross-examination that it was a
“coincidence” that he and the defendant had visited UOB together on that
occasion. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Certified Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 111 (lines 13-15).

The plaintiff says that the defendant had told him that he needed to go to the
bank. As it happened, so did the plaintiff. And so, according to the
plaintiff, it was purely by coincidence that they went together. The plaintiff
claims that he was there only to “settle [his] family issues”, and that he did
not know that the defendant was there to withdraw cash to pay Crossbridge. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Certified Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 113 (line 19) and p 115 (lines 8–9).

110 I reject the plaintiff’s explanation as an afterthought. I find that the
plaintiff knew exactly the purpose of the defendant’s visit to the MacPherson
branch of UOB to do in September 2005. The plaintiff had signed the cash
cheque which the defendant took with him to UOB that day. And, when the
plaintiff asked the defendant the purpose of the payment (as the plaintiff
testified he always did), I find that the defendant would have told him the
true purpose of the payment in order to obtain the defendant’s signature on
it. Moreover, the weight of the plaintiff’s own evidence is that he knew that
the defendant was at the branch to cash a cheque. That is what he told Hocen’s
liquidators when they interviewed him in 2008. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 7, p 3914.

That is what he pleaded in his reply and defence to the defendant’s
counterclaim in 2015. In fact, his assertion there is even broader: he pleaded
that he “knows that the Cash Cheques were encashed by the Defendant”, without
qualifying when he acquired that knowledge. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

Plaintiff’s Reply and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 31 March 2015, para
42.

This suggests that the plaintiff always knew that the defendant cashed the
cheques which the plaintiff had countersigned. And as he stated in his AEIC in
2016, he knew that the defendant had cashed a cheque when they visited the UOB
branch at MacPherson together. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 78.

In cross-examination, the plaintiff disclaimed that statement in his AEIC,
asserting that it had arisen as a result of “some misunderstanding during
[his] communication with [his] lawyers”. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Certified Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 129 (lines 14–15).

I do not find this explanation convincing in view of the rest of the
plaintiff’s own evidence.

111 In this connection, it must be borne in mind that the essence of the
plaintiff’s evidence is that, from the very outset in 2005 until Hocen went
into liquidation in 2007: (a) he believed that Crossbridge’s role was purely
as Hocen’s subcontractor; and (b) he held that belief because that was what
the defendant told him. That is why the plaintiff in his evidence – which I
have just referred to – is willing to admit that Crossbridge wanted payment in
cash and that he knew that the defendant had some role in facilitating such
payments at least on one occasion, ie, in September 2005. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 5 January 2016, para 78.

The foundation of the plaintiff’s claim of ignorance in this regard is
effectively an assertion that the defendant – while he was making the 18
Payments to Crossbridge and when the plaintiff questioned the defendant on the
need for each of the Payments, as the plaintiff claims he did – consistently
and repeatedly lied to the plaintiff that Crossbridge was merely a
subcontractor and that Hocen was paying Crossbridge these large sums of money
purely for the never-performed Services.

112 In my judgment, the defendant had no reason to lie consistently and
repeatedly in this manner. I attach little weight to the fact that the
plaintiff has historically referred to Crossbridge consistently as a
subcontractor, a point the plaintiff emphasises in his submissions: see [104]
above. That fact is equally consistent with the view that the plaintiff knew
all along that Crossbridge was procuring business from ZPMC for Hocen by
corruption – which is the defendant’s alternative case – and that the
plaintiff knew well enough to conceal his knowledge of the corrupt scheme to
protect himself. That, I find, is what in fact happened. The plaintiff has
offered no sensible reason why the defendant would lie to him consistently and
repeatedly over a two-year period. Even if the defendant did tell him that
Crossbridge was merely a subcontractor, I reject the plaintiff’s evidence that
he simply took the defendant’s word at face value and authorised Hocen’s
payments to Crossbridge on that basis. As I explain below at [119], the
plaintiff’s own evidence is that he is a careful businessman. More
importantly, my finding on the plaintiff’s attempt to conceal his own
knowledge is supported by how the plaintiff dealt with the auditor’s letter
dated 28 July 2006. On this point, I accept the defendant’s submission that
the plaintiff’s actions in relation to that letter point to an unwillingness
to be seen as authorising bribes (see [100] above).

113 It is useful at this point to elaborate on the auditor’s letter. The
auditor addressed that letter to the defendant and copied to the plaintiff. In
it, the auditor sought confirmation that the payments to Crossbridge were for
cable installation services commissioned by Hocen and that the services had
actually been rendered by Crossbridge. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, pp 1277–1278.

The defendant prepared a draft response to the letter. 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Cause Papers Vol 6, p 3573; 2 Defendant’s Bundle of
Documents Vol 2 at pp 1279–1280; Certified Transcript, 4 March 2017, p 66
(lines 12–17).

The draft expressly stated that Crossbridge’s “value-added services …
enable[d] [Hocen] to win projects”. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents Vol 10, p 1279.

Although that phrase does not mention corruption, it is an obvious euphemism
whose meaning could not have been lost on any sophisticated and experienced
businessman such as the plaintiff: see [118]–[119] below.

114 At trial, the plaintiff accepted that he knew the contents of the
auditor’s letter and of the defendant’s initial draft response. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Certified Transcript, 4 March 2017, p 66 (lines 6–11).

I accept the defendant’s evidence that it was the plaintiff who insisted that
the defendant delete the reference to Crossbridge’s value-added services
enabling Hocen to win projects. So Hocen’s response on 20 September 2006 to
the auditor’s letter had those words deleted. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 1280.

Although the response was signed by Goh Lnai Mun rather than either the
plaintiff or the defendant, they both signed a letter about two weeks later
endorsing the contents of the response. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 1281.

The plaintiff acknowledged at trial that this joint letter was akin to a board
resolution. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Certified Transcript, 4 March 2017, p 68 (line 19) to p 69 (line 3).

115 It is significant to me that the plaintiff felt unable to deny in cross-
examination that he had seen the auditor’s letter or that he wanted the
reference to Crossbridge helping Hocen to win projects deleted. All he could
say, repeatedly, was that he could not remember: 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

Certified Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 64 (line 17) to p 67 (line 20).

Q. Do you remember seeing this letter, 11 August 2006, at the material time?

A. I can't remember.

Q. […] This letter of 11 August 2006, was first exhibited in your AEIC for the
winding up action. And that can be found at defendant's bundle of cause papers
volume 6, page 3506. Do you see that? Companies Winding Up 99, your second
affidavit filed on 1 October 2007.

A. Yes.

Q. If you turn to page 3573, this document, the 11 August draft was in your
possession at all the material times.

A. I can't remember.

[…]

Q. […] Mr Ong, I'm putting it to you that you must have seen this letter of 28
July 2006, found at page 1277.

COURT: On or about 28 July 2006?

MR CS LEO: Yes. On or around that period. Because it was cc'd to you.

A. I saw the letter but I've really forgotten about it.

Q. I put it to you that you have also seen the draft reply prepared by Mr
Kelvin Ong sometime around 11 August 2006, as found at 10AB 1279. Because it
is exhibited in your affidavit in the companies winding up action. Do you
agree?

A. Yes.

[…]

Q. You didn't want to sign the letter of 11 August 2006 because, in
particular, the letter said: “These value added services also enables us to
win projects.”

A. I really can't remember.

Q. And the reason why you're not happy with this line is because that may be
construed as a bribe.

A. I don't remember the contents. I have also forgotten about this letter. So
I can't recall now.

116 To similar effect are the plaintiff’s disingenuous responses in a second
passage in his cross-examination: 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

Certified Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 85 (line 14) to p 86 (line 13).

COURT: So Mr Leo Cheng Suan is asking you now: is it true what it says in
paragraph 3, that the outsourcing jobs are a form of value added services
which we provide to our customers which also enable us to win projects?

A. That was what [the defendant] told me.

MR CS LEO: So why then did you refuse to sign it?

A. I don't know why I didn't sign it then.

Q. I'm instructed that you refused to sign it because that may be deemed as a
bribe.

A. I don't remember.

Q. Because otherwise you would just sign everything under your nose like what
you have said before.

A. But subsequently, after he had explained to me, I have signed on the
documents and sent them to the auditors.

COURT: Mr Leo's point is that what you signed on is different; it's different
from the document that you didn't sign. And he's putting it to you that the
differences are: one, on your direction; and two, because you were concerned
that the words in the unsigned letter could be interpreted as admitting paying
bribes.

A. Perhaps I was of the view that I couldn't sign. That was after hearing my
assistant's explanations, and made that decision, I asked them to prepare
another document.

117 The plaintiff is being disingenuous in these two passages. I find that the
reference to Crossbridge enabling Hocen to “win projects” in the response to
the auditor’s letter was indeed deleted on the plaintiff’s direction. Further,
it was deleted because the plaintiff knew that Crossbridge had been engaged
and funded to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption and the
plaintiff did not want even to hint at that true purpose to any person outside
Hocen.

118 The plaintiff has also shown himself to be an experienced and astute
businessman. He has more than 20 years of experience in business. 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Ong Bee Chew’s Affidavit dated 10 August 2012, para 6; Certified Transcript, 3
March 2016, p 5 (line 14).

He actively runs his family business, Hocen Machinery, and was running two
other companies, Cheng Hock Heng Machinery Pte Ltd and Ong Tuan Seng
Development Pte Ltd, during the period that Hocen was operating. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, para 197; Certified Transcript, 3 March 2016,
p 13 (lines 9–10).

He was by no means a babe in the woods. He would have understood precisely
what the defendant was doing in entering into the Crossbridge Contracts and in
causing Hocen to make the Payments.

119 The plaintiff is also a careful businessman who seeks clarification before
signing cheques. In an affidavit which the plaintiff filed on 5 September 2007
to oppose the defendant’s winding up application, the plaintiff asserted that
it is his practice to sign cheques only “after being satisfied that such
payments were due and payable and upon sight of the relevant documents or
clarification from the [defendant] or [Hocen]’s staff”. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 2, p 884, para 36.

He confirmed this again in another affidavit filed on 1 October 2007. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents Vol 3, p 1595, para 49.

I therefore find it difficult to believe the plaintiff’s suggestion that he
would have signed letters, cash cheques and remittance instructions simply
because the defendant told him to do so. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

See, for example, Certified Transcript, 4 March 2016, p 69 (lines 11–15).

I find that the plaintiff signed the cash cheques and remittance instructions
after ascertaining from the defendant the true reason for each Payment and
because he knew and accepted the corrupt scheme of which the Payments were a
part. Further, given the defendant’s practice of keeping the plaintiff
informed of contracts that Hocen entered into, it is highly unlikely that the
plaintiff would be ignorant of Crossbridge’s true role, or that he would not
have asked and been honestly informed of the true nature of the “value-added
services” that Crossbridge was performing. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 122.

120 Finally, I accept the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff’s belief
in the success of Hocen’s arrangement with Crossbridge was precisely what
drove his attempt, after Hocen was wound up in 2007, to replicate Hocen’s
business with Andy Heng’s assistance through another company called Hocen
International (1986) Pte Ltd. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 130.

At trial, Heng testified that in 2008, the plaintiff sent him to Shenzhen to
meet Daniel Cheng of Crossbridge to “explore business opportunity [sic]” with
ZPMC. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

Certified Transcript, 2 March 2016, p 99 (lines 15–16).

In the event, Cheng was unwilling to help. But the point here is that the
plaintiff’s actions show that he must have known about the true nature of the
arrangement between Hocen, Crossbridge and ZPMC, and about the substantial
profits which this arrangement yielded for Hocen while it lasted.

121 For all of these reasons, I find that the plaintiff knew from the outset,
even before Hocen was incorporated, that Crossbridge was to be engaged and
funded, and was indeed engaged and funded, to procure business for Hocen from
ZPMC by corruption.

The Pinkerton reports

122 Before leaving this section, I should briefly mention the significance to
this case of two reports prepared by a firm of private investigators called
Pinkerton (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Pinkerton”). The plaintiff engaged Pinkerton
in August 2007 to carry out checks on Crossbridge and on ZPMC. The plaintiff
accepts that portions of Pinkerton’s first report, and the entirety of its
second report, are inadmissible hearsay. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, Annex A at paras 2-4.

In any event, the contents of the two reports are also of little significance.
The plaintiff submits that these reports prove that Crossbridge was a company
existing only on paper. The plaintiff intended this to support his additional
contention that the defendant must have pocketed part of the Payments because
Crossbridge had no real existence. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Substituted Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions, para 45.

As the plaintiff does not need to succeed in this contention in order to
succeed in his claim (see [18] above), I need not analyse this contention
further.

123 What is significant about the Pinkerton reports, however, is this. It
might be argued that the plaintiff’s conduct in engaging a private
investigator to inquire into Crossbridge and ZPMC suggests that the plaintiff
did not know Crossbridge’s role in procuring business for Hocen from ZPMC. I
do not accept that argument. The context in which the plaintiff engaged
Pinkerton must be borne in mind. By mid-2007, the relationship between the
plaintiff and the defendant had seriously deteriorated. The plaintiff’s
evidence is that he filed an application to inspect Hocen’s accounting and
other records in order to pursue his suspicions about the defendant’s
management of Hocen. Instead of cooperating, the defendant deflected the
plaintiff’s application by applying to wind up Hocen.

124 I reject the plaintiff’s evidence entirely. For the reasons I have given
above, I accept the defendant’s evidence that he always kept the plaintiff
truthfully informed about Hocen’s dealings with Crossbridge. The plaintiff, on
the other hand, was always careful to distance himself from the corrupt
scheme. Commissioning the Pinkerton reports is equally consistent with the
view that, after the plaintiff fell out with the defendant, and when the
plaintiff realised that he could not continue to earn profits through Hocen’s
business with ZPMC, the plaintiff engaged Pinkerton to gather dirt on the
defendant for the plaintiff to use in his intended vendetta against the
defendant: see [33] above.

125 The Pinkerton reports do not assist the plaintiff’s denial that he was
privy at the material time to the corrupt scheme involving Crossbridge.

Breach of duty

126 Having found that the plaintiff was complicit in the defendant’s corrupt
scheme, I find also that plaintiff’s conduct breached his duties to Hocen.
Applying the principles stated at [75]–[86] above, I hold firstly that the
plaintiff satisfies the subjective aspect of the test for breach of duty
because he had actual knowledge that Crossbridge had been engaged and funded
to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. Next, given that the
Payments were part of a corrupt scheme, and given that the plaintiff
authorised the Payments with knowledge of the scheme, he like the defendant
must be considered objectively to have failed to act bona fide in the
interests of Hocen.

127 Further, I find that the plaintiff’s breach of duty is no less culpable
than the defendant’s breach of duty. The fact that the plaintiff was not the
one who cashed the cheques or delivered the cash to Crossbridge is no
mitigation. The plaintiff and the defendant both agreed, as I have found, to
engage and fund Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by
corruption. They simply had different roles in carrying out a single corrupt
scheme, which was from start to finish entirely contrary to Hocen’s interest.
I therefore see no basis to move beyond an equal apportionment of liability.

128 Thus, I find that the plaintiff is obliged to contribute to the
defendant’s liability in these suits in the proportion of 50%.

Issue 3: Ex turpi causa non oritur actio

Introduction

129 I have found that both the plaintiff and the defendant are in breach of
duty to Hocen because they both participated in a scheme to engage and fund
Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption. That brings
me to the defendant’s final alternative defence: the doctrine of ex turpi
causa non oritur actio or, as it is sometimes known, the defence of
illegality. Although this doctrine is not a defence in the true sense of the
word, it probably does no harm to refer to it as such, so long as it is always
recognised that ex turpi causa is founded on high public policy rather than
the parties’ private interests: see ANC Holdings Pte Ltd v Bina Puri Holdings
Bhd [2013] 3 SLR 666 (“ANC Holdings”) at [78].

130 I should point out that the defendant has not pleaded his reliance on the
ex turpi causa doctrine. Instead, he raises it only in his submissions, and
even then only in his reply submissions. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions, para 120.

But because ex turpi causa rests on public policy, a court is required to act
in any case to which it applies, if necessary of its own motion: ANC Holdings
at [84]; Les Laboratoires Servier v Apotex Inc [2014] 3 WLR 1257 (“Les
Laboratoires”) at [23]. Both parties have also had the opportunity to make
oral submissions on ex turpi causa.

131 It is well-established that the ex turpi causa doctrine is not confined to
criminal wrongdoing but extends even to non-criminal conduct which carries the
necessary degree of turpitude: see ANC Holdings at [82] and Les Laboratoires
at [25]. I use “turpitude” as a term of art encompassing all conduct, criminal
or otherwise, which is capable of invoking the ex turpi causa doctrine.

132 The classic statement of the ex turpi causa doctrine is that “No court
will lend its aid to a man who founds his cause of action on an immoral or an
illegal act” per Lord Mansfield in Holman v Johnson (1775) 1 Cowp 341 at 343.
Put that way, there are three elements which must be present in order for the
doctrine to arise. They correspond to each of the Latin words “ex”, “turpi”
and “causa”, though not in that sequence. The three elements are: (a) there
must be turpitude; (b) the claimant must found his cause of action on that
turpitude; and (c) the turpitude must be the claimant’s own turpitude.

133 On the last element, I consider that the person whose turpitude I must
examine is Hocen, not the plaintiff. That is because the cause of action which
the plaintiff asserts in these suits is a cause of action vested in Hocen, and
which the plaintiff has acquired only by assignment. The policy underlying the
ex turpi causa doctrine is to prevent an inconsistency in the law by holding a
plaintiff to be entitled to relief in one context while holding that the
conduct underlying that entitlement is illegal in another context: ANC
Holdings at [80]. That underlying policy requires consistency to be tested as
between the counterparties to the substantive cause of action and not as
between the procedural parties to litigation which arises out of that cause of
action. Otherwise, the purpose of the doctrine could be easily evaded by the
artifice of assignment.

134 It is not seriously disputed that the first of the three elements I have
set out at [131] above is established in this case. Engaging and funding an
intermediary to procure business from a commercial counterparty by corruption
is undoubtedly turpitude. Arriving at that conclusion does not require me to
consider or make any findings on the niceties of the criminal law on
corruption, whether in Singapore or in China. That is because, as I have
pointed out, the concept of turpitude is not confined to criminal conduct. A
corrupt scheme of this nature is undoubtedly turpitude within the meaning of
the ex turpi causa doctrine.

135 So too, the second element is established in this case. The corrupt scheme
is in substance an essential ingredient of Hocen’s cause of action against the
defendant. That cause of action asserts that the defendant’s conduct in
causing Hocen to make the Payments is a breach of duty because Hocen derived
no corporate benefit from the Payments. The turpitude is an essential
ingredient of the cause of action because it is the turpitude which negates
the undoubted economic benefit which Hocen derived from the Payments and
renders that economic benefit incapable of being a corporate benefit.

136 Only the third of the three elements therefore arises in this case. That
requires me to determine whether the turpitude in this case is Hocen’s own
turpitude. The fundamental question is one of attribution: is the defendant’s
turpitude attributable to Hocen such that the turpitude is Hocen’s own?

Is the turpitude Hocen’s own?

137 In my view, the defendant’s turpitude is not attributable to Hocen. The
principle is that a company who makes a claim against a director arising from
the director’s breach of duty is treated in law as being a victim of that
breach of duty. In those circumstances, the law will not allow the director to
attribute any turpitude involved in his breach of duty to the company in order
to invoke the ex turpi causa doctrine and defeat the company’s claim.

138 This principle is part of the general approach to attributing a director’s
conduct – whether involving turpitude or otherwise – to a company. The general
approach is to treat the applicable rule of attribution as being dependent on
the purpose and context in which the question of attribution arises. It is
thus entirely possible, and indeed entirely just, for the same act of a
director to be attributable to the company for one purpose or in one context
and not to be attributable to the company for other purposes or in other
contexts.

139 I will now elaborate on the position, beginning with the applicable
principles.

Applicable principles

140 The principles by which the acts of a natural person will be attributed to
a company are well-settled. They are derived from Lord Hoffmann’s analysis in
the decision of the Privy Council in Meridian Global Funds Management Asia Ltd
v Securities Commission [1995] 2 AC 500 (“Meridian”). Lord Hoffmann grouped
the rules of attribution into three sets. The first set comprises the primary
rules of attribution which are found in the company’s constitution or implied
by company law which deem certain acts by certain natural persons to be the
acts of the company (at 506D). The second set comprises the general rules of
attribution by which a natural person may have the acts of another attributed
to him, ie, the principles of agency; and by which a natural person may be
held liable for the acts of another, such as estoppel, ostensible authority
and vicarious liability (at 506F). The third and final set comprises special
rules of attribution which the court must fashion in exceptional cases where
applying the first or second set of principles would defeat the policy
underlying a particular provision of the substantive law as it was intended to
apply to a company (at 507D–F). Lord Hoffmann’s analysis was endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in Ho Kang Peng ([78] supra) at [47]–[48].

141 In my view, what is critical in the present case is the purpose for which
these rules of attribution exist. It is important to distinguish between two
kinds of purposes. I shall call them the functional purpose and the
substantive purpose.

142 The functional purpose of the rules of attribution, as the name suggests,
describes the function of those rules. In the Court of Appeal’s words in Ho
Kang Peng at [47], “[a]ttribution rules…serve to determine when and which
natural person’s acts and thoughts are to be treated as the company’s own”. In
Meridian (at 506C), Lord Hoffmann provided the conceptual basis for these
rules: they are a necessary part of corporate personality. A company exists,
as Lord Hoffmann said, only because there is a rule (usually in a statute)
which deems the company to exist as a juridical person and to have certain of
the powers, rights and duties of a natural person. But there is little sense
in deeming a juridical person to exist unless there are also rules to
determine which acts of the natural persons associated with it are to be
treated in law as its own acts: Meridian at 506B-C. The important point,
however, is that the functional purpose of the rules of attribution does not
explain the reason for invoking a particular rule of attribution in a
particular case.

143 It is the substantive purpose of the rules of attribution which supply
that reason. The special rules of attribution in Lord Hoffmann’s third set
(see [140] above) are a clear example of this concept. One such rule was
crystallised and applied as a distinct rule of attribution in Meridian. In
that case, two senior employees of Meridian Global Fund Management Asia Ltd
(“Meridian”) caused Meridian to acquire shares in a listed company in New
Zealand, Euro-National Corporation Ltd (“ENC”). Both employees knew that the
acquisition was sufficiently large to require Meridian, under New Zealand’s
securities legislation, to give immediate notice both to ENC and the New
Zealand stock exchange that Meridian had become a substantial shareholder of
ENC. But Meridian failed to give the required notice. In acquiring the shares,
the two employees acted with the company’s authority but without the knowledge
of its board of directors and of its managing director. Meridian’s directors
therefore did not know that Meridian had become a substantial shareholder of
ENC. Lord Hoffmann had no hesitation in holding that the underlying policy of
New Zealand’s securities legislation required the employees’ knowledge that
Meridian was a substantial shareholder of ENC to be attributed to Meridian
without any need to consider whether either of the two employees was the
directing mind and will of Meridian. The intent of the notice requirement was
to compel a person who had become a substantial shareholder of a public
company to give immediate notice of that fact, ie, as soon as he knew of it.
In order to avoid defeating the policy of the legislation, and given its
intent as it applied to companies, it was appropriate to attribute to Meridian
the knowledge of the natural person who had caused Meridian to acquire the
relevant shares: Meridian at 511D. Lord Hoffmann concluded by surveying other
English cases which had applied what might appear to be inconsistent rules of
attribution on superficially similar facts and said at 512B: “Each [special
rule of attribution] is an example of an attribution rule for a particular
purpose, tailored as it always must be to the terms and policies of the
substantive rule.”

144 Of course, not every case in which a question of attribution arises
requires the court to tailor a rule of attribution to support the underlying
policy of a substantive rule of law as it was intended to apply to companies.
But the court must, in every case, have regard to the reason for which a
particular rule of attribution is being invoked. That is why, narrowing the
focus to directors for the time being, the law distinguishes between cases in
which a director’s knowledge or acts are sought to be attributed to the
company: (a) when a third party seeks to hold a company liable for breach of a
duty owed to the third party; and (b) when a company seeks redress from a
director for breach of duty owed to the company.

145 This distinction is a valid one in both a moral and a legal sense. It is
entirely just that a company should be bound by the knowledge or acts of its
directors when an innocent third party sues the company for a breach of duty,
even if the director’s knowledge or acts may, in other contexts, not be
attributed to the company. By the same token, it is equally just that a
company should not be bound by the knowledge or acts of a director when the
company itself sues the director as the victim of his breach of duty, even if
the director’s knowledge or acts may, in other contexts, be attributed to the
company. These two propositions, and the underlying distinction between the
two types of cases, was articulated by the English Court of Appeal in Bilta
(UK) Ltd (liquidation) v Nazir (No 2) [2014] Ch 52 (“Bilta (CA)”) at [34]–[35]
and approved by the Singapore Court of Appeal in Ho Kang Peng at [70].

146 To the second proposition above, Ho Kang Peng suggests an exception. The
court said at [70]:

… [T]he [director] was not acting in the interests of the Company when he
entered into the [sham] Agreement and effected the Payments. This is not a
one-shareholder company but a publicly-listed company. The Appellant could
have protected himself by having the proposed arrangement approved by the
Board. Alternatively, he could have sought ratification from the general body
of the Company. The Appellant did none of that.

The suggested exception appears to be in two parts. First, it suggests that,
if a company is a one-man company, any act by the sole director-shareholder
which is a breach of duty will be attributed to the company without the need
for further formality, even if the act amounts to turpitude. Second, it
suggests that even if the company is not a one-man company, any act by a
director which is a breach of duty will be attributed to the company if the
act is approved formally by the board or ratified formally by the
shareholders, even if the act amounts to turpitude.

147 I should point out that the existence and scope of this suggested
exception was not part of the ratio of Ho Kang Peng. The company in that case
was not a one-man company and the director in that case had no board approval
or shareholder ratification whatsoever for carrying on with the corrupt
scheme. The exception, however, is pertinent in the present case. The
plaintiff and the defendant, as I have found, acted in concert in engaging and
funding Crossbridge to procure business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption.
That makes Hocen for present purposes conceptually indistinguishable from a
one-man company. If the suggestion at [70] of Ho Kang Peng is correct, the
directors’ corrupt scheme is attributable to Hocen despite the turpitude
involved and even in a claim by Hocen against the directors for breach of duty
arising from that turpitude.

148 Yet, as plaintiff’s counsel accepted during oral submissions, it is not
clear even from Ho Kang Peng that all types of breach of duty by a director
can be approved by a company’s board or ratified by its shareholders. Even if
they can be, the limits of the effect of such approval or ratification are not
clear when it is the company who is suing the directors for breach of duty. If
the effect were unlimited, there would be no substantive protection for
shareholders against rogue directors and no substantive protection for
creditors against either rogue shareholders or rogue directors.

149 This approach would also mean that, as long as the shareholders and
directors of any company act unanimously, the court in the exercise of its
limited supervisory jurisdiction cannot hold the directors to the minimum
standard of commercial morality even in those limited circumstances where that
jurisdiction might, in practical terms, come to be exercised (see [84] above).
To deal with this difficulty, it seems appropriate for me to examine a number
of cases in which a company proceeded against a director for breach of duty
where the director was either formally or informally authorised to commit that
breach.

150 I begin with the leading case of Belmont Finance Corporation Ltd v
Williams Furniture Ltd [1979] 1 Ch 250 (“Belmont”). Ho Kang Peng at [71] cites
Belmont with approval for the proposition that “where a company makes a claim
against a director premised on the latter’s breach of duty, the company is a
victim, and the law will not allow the enforcement of that duty to be
compromised by the director’s reliance on his own wrongdoing”. I shall refer
to this as the Belmont principle. This principle is a generalisation of an
older principle, known as the Hampshire Land principle after the leading case
of In re Hampshire Land Co (1896) 2 Ch 743 at 749.

151 In Belmont, the directors of Belmont Finance participated in a scheme to
extract value from the company by making it buy shares at a highly inflated
price. The directors concluded that transaction with board approval. The
company then went into receivership. The receivers brought an action in the
name of the company against the directors for breach of duty in causing the
company to buy the shares. The English Court of Appeal held that the directors
could not rely on the ex turpi causa doctrine against the company because
their knowledge of the true nature of the transaction was not to be attributed
to the company. Buckley LJ (with whom Orr and Goff LJJ agreed) held at
261-262:

But in my view, such knowledge should not be imputed to the company, for the
essence of the arrangement was to deprive the company improperly of a large
part of its assets. As I have said, the company was a victim of the
conspiracy. I think it would be irrational to treat the directors who were
allegedly parties to the conspiracy, notionally as having transmitted this
knowledge to the company; and indeed it is a well-recognised exception from
the general rule that a principal is affected by notice received by his agent
that, if the agent is acting in fraud of his principal and the matter of which
he has notice is relevant to the fraud, that knowledge is not to be imputed to
the principal.

So in my opinion the … company should not be regarded as party to the
conspiracy, on the ground of lack of the necessary guilty knowledge.

[emphasis added]

The words I have italicised in the passage above explains why the Belmont
principle has also been referred to as the “fraud exception”. But subsequent
cases show that fraud is not the only type of breach of duty which attracts
the operation of the principle.

152 In A-G’s Ref (No 2 of 1982) [1984] QB 624, a criminal case, the English
Court of Appeal applied the Belmont principle. The defendants were charged
with theft from solvent companies which they wholly owned and controlled. The
issue was whether, for the purposes of s 2(1)(b) of the English Theft Act
1968, the defendants had appropriated the property of another “in the belief
that [they] would have the other’s consent if the other knew of the
appropriation and the circumstances of it”. The English Court of Appeal
acknowledged the rule of attribution which attributes to a solvent company the
unanimous decision of all of its shareholders (at 640). But the court did not
consider this principle to be applicable. It also rejected the argument that
the companies, having no will other than that of their directors, must be
taken to have consented to whatever the directors did. One of the court’s
reasons for rejecting this argument was the Belmont principle. Kerr LJ, who
delivered the leading judgment, cited the passage from Buckley LJ’s judgment
(which I have reproduced at [151] above) and said that “[s]o far as the
authorities in the realm of the civil law are concerned, [Belmont] directly
contradicts the basis of the defendants’ argument in the present case”. He
held, further, that there was no reason why the position in criminal law
should be any different (at 641).

153 The next case is Pertamina v Thahir Kartika Ratna and others [1981–1982]
SLR(R) 653 (“Pertamina”). This is the first reported local decision to apply
the Belmont principle. Pertamina was a dispute over the beneficial interest in
money held in Singapore banks by a deceased Indonesian national, Thahir. His
employer, Pertamina, claimed that it was entitled to the money because it
represented the proceeds of bribes which Thahir had received in breach of duty
to Pertamina. His wife applied to strike out Pertamina’s claim, arguing that
Pertamina’s claim was obviously unsustainable because a number of named
employees of Pertamina knew and consented to Thahir receiving the bribes.
Sinnathuray J rejected the wife’s argument as being itself obviously
unsustainable on the basis of the passage from Buckley LJ’s judgment in
Belmont (see [151] above) It is implicit in Sinnathuray J’s reasoning that he
considered that the consequence of applying the Belmont principle was that
even if Pertamina’s other employees did have knowledge of Thahir’s breach of
duty, their knowledge was not attributable to Pertamina itself in its claim
against Thahir for breach of duty.

154 The Belmont principle is now a well-established rule of attribution in
English and Singapore company law. What has been a matter of controversy until
relatively recently is whether a one-man company is either outside the Belmont
principle altogether or within an exception to that principle such that that
the director-shareholders’ wrongdoing may nevertheless be attributed to the
company.

155 The House of Lords divided 3:2 on this issue in the very difficult case of
Stone & Rolls Ltd (in liquidation) v Moore Stephens (a firm) [2009] 1 AC 1391
(“Stone & Rolls”). In Stone & Rolls, an insolvent one-man company, acting by
its liquidators, brought an action against its auditors for breach of duty for
failing to detect and terminate the fraud which the company’s sole director-
shareholder, Stojevic, had perpetrated on its bankers using the company as his
vehicle. The auditors argued that the company’s claim was defeated by the ex
turpi causa doctrine, the company being a fraudster.

156 The majority of the House of Lords – comprising Lords Walker, Brown and
Phillips – agreed with the auditors. Lords Walker and Brown came to their
conclusion by applying a rule of attribution. They accepted that a one-man
company is outside the Belmont principle such that Stojevic’s fraud was
attributable to the company and the ex turpi causa doctrine defeated the
claim: Stone & Rolls at [167]–[168] and [200].

157 Lord Phillips agreed with Lords Walker and Brown that the company’s claim
should fail, but for a fundamentally different reason. In Lord Philips’ view,
that result followed, not primarily because of a rule of attribution, but
because the principles of public policy which underlie ex turpi causa led to
it: Stone & Rolls at [67]. Those principles did so because: (a) the auditors
owed a duty of care only to the company and its members and not to its
creditors; (b) all those to whom the auditors owed their duty of care were
complicit in the company’s fraud; and (c) the company’s liquidators were now
pursuing the claim for the ultimate benefit of the creditors, parties to whom
the company’s auditors owed no duty of care in tort: Stone & Rolls at
[83]–[86].

158 The minority in the House of Lords comprised Lords Scott and Mance. They
rejected the one-man company limit on the Belmont principle. They held instead
that the Belmont principle operated even in the case of a one-man company, if
only to protect the company’s creditors. I quote from Lord Mance’s speech at
[229]:

Neither in Belmont Finance nor in Attorney General’s Reference (No 2 of 1982)
is there any suggestion that the application of the principle in Hampshire
Land depends upon there being some innocent constituency within the company to
whom knowledge could have been communicated. Moreover, Attorney General’s
Reference (No 2 of 1982) is direct authority to the contrary. The two
defendants were charged with theft, consisting of the abstraction of the
assets of companies, of which they were “the sole shareholders and directors”
and “the sole will and directing mind” (pp.635D-F and 638F-G). They contended
that the companies were bound by and had consented to the abstractions
precisely because they were its sole shareholders, directors and directing
mind and will (pp. 634E-F and 638F-H). The Court of Appeal acknowledged the
rule of attribution attributing to a solvent company the unanimous decision of
all its shareholders (p.640A-D), but roundly rejected its application to
circumstances where the sole shareholders, directors and directing minds were
acting illegally or dishonestly in relation to the company. The court cited
Belmont Finance as “directly contradict[ing] the basis of the defendants’
argument” (p. 641B-C). The defendants’ acts and knowledge were thus not to be
attributed to the companies – although there was no other innocent
constituency within the companies. Another justification for this conclusion
may be that the effect of the limitations recognised by Lord Hoffmann in
Meridian … is that in such situations there is another innocent constituency
with interests in [Stone & Rolls], since it is not open even to a directing
mind owning all a company’s shares to run riot with the company’s assets and
affairs in a way which renders or would render a company insolvent to the
detriment of its creditors.

159 Stone & Rolls was not a claim by a company against its director arising
from the director’s breach of duty. Instead, it was a claim by a company
against a third party arising from the third party’s breach of duty to the
company. In this context, Lords Phillips and Walker expressed the view that
the Belmont principle applies only when the company is a “primary victim” of
the director’s wrongdoing (in the sense that the director’s acts result
directly in the company’s loss) and not a “secondary victim” (where the
company’s loss arises only in consequence of the company having to compensate
the primary victim for its loss): Stone & Rolls at [5] and [55] per Lord
Phillips and at [171]–[174] per Lord Walker. On this analysis, the company in
Stone & Rolls was merely a secondary victim, because Stojevic targeted the
company’s fraud at the company’s banks and not at the company itself. This
distinction, if valid, would mean that Stojevic’s knowledge would have been
equally attributable to the company, despite the Belmont principle, if the
company had been suing Stojevic for breach of duty in Stone & Rolls.

160 In their discussion of Stone & Rolls, the learned authors of Corporate Law
([75] supra) give short shrift to the distinction between primary and
secondary victims for the purpose of deciding when the Belmont principle
applies. They prefer instead to distinguish between cases where the company is
seeking redress against a director for breach of duty and cases where a third
party is holding the company liable for a wrong: Corporate Law at 07.042. They
call this the “redress-liability” distinction: Corporate Law at 07.044. And
this is the distinction drawn in Bilta (CA) and adopted in Ho Kang Peng, as I
have noted at [144] above.

161 The authors of Corporate Law draw support for the redress-liability
distinction from the speeches of Lords Mance and Scott (who were in the
minority) in Stone & Rolls. What is relevant to the present case is that their
Lordships considered that the Belmont principle applied even to a one-man
company, as long as it was invoked in the context of a company seeking redress
against a director for breach of duty. On this analysis, and contrary to the
implication of Lords Philips’ and Walker’s view (at [159] above), the Belmont
principle would have applied to prevent the knowledge of Stojevic from being
attributed to the company were the company to sue Stojevic for breach of duty.
I quote from Lord Scott’s speech at [109] (but see also Lord Mance’s view at
[229] quoted at [157] above):

It is noteworthy that there appears to be no case in which the ‘sole actor’
exception to the Hampshire Land rule has been applied so as to bar an action
brought by a company against an officer for breaches of duty that have caused,
or contributed to, loss to the company as a result of the company engaging in
illegal activities. I can easily accept that, for the purposes of an action
against the company by an innocent third party, with no notice of any
illegality or impropriety by the company in the conduct of its affairs, the
state of mind of a ‘sole actor’ could and should be attributed to the company
if it were relevant to the cause of action asserted against the company to do
so. But it does not follow that attribution should take place where the action
is being brought by the company against an officer or manager who has been in
breach of duty to the company.

162 In Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 318,
the plaintiff sought to add the defendant company’s managing director as an
additional defendant to the plaintiff’s action alleging that the company and
the director had conspired unlawfully to cause the plaintiff loss. The
managing director was allegedly the controlling mind of the company. The High
Court allowed the application on the basis that the managing director and the
company were, in law, separate legal entities and therefore capable of
conspiring with each other (at [30]). Again, this is not a case involving a
company bringing a claim against its director. However, dicta in that case
support the redress-liability distinction as the explanation for when the
Belmont principle operates. Andrew Ang J opined that where the company seeks
redress from a director as a “victim” of a conspiracy involving the director,
the Belmont principle operates to preclude the director’s conduct or knowledge
being attributed to the company so as to render the company a co-conspirator
(at [22]–[23]):

… Belmont Finance (No 1) makes it clear that an important threshold question
is whether the company is a victim of the alleged conspiracy …

In other words, where the company is a victim of an alleged conspiracy of its
directors and sues its directors for breach of duties, the company does not
become a co-conspirator with its directors just because its directors are the
conspirators … The rationale underlying such an interpretation is that it
prevents the company’s errant directors from otherwise escaping liability by
contending that, as co-conspirator, the plaintiff tortfeasor company cannot
sue the errant tortfeasor directors for damages resulting from the directors’
conspiracy.

Andrew Ang J’s observations were echoed by the High Court in Airtrust
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kao Chai-Chau Linda and another suit [2014] 2 SLR 673 at
[55]–[56].

163 Finally, I come to the decision of a supernumerary panel of the UK Supreme
Court in Bilta (UK) Ltd (in liquidation) and others v Nazir and others (No. 2)
[2015] 2 WLR 1168 (“Bilta (SC)”). As I have mentioned (see [144] above), the
English Court of Appeal’s decision in this case, Bilta (CA), was cited with
approval in Ho Kang Peng. The company in Bilta was in liquidation. Its
liquidators commenced an action in the name of the company against its two
directors, one of whom was its sole shareholder, arguing that they had
unlawfully conspired with other parties to cause it loss. The directors
allegedly did so by involving the company in a carousel VAT fraud, which left
the company with a liability to account to the tax authorities for output VAT
in excess of £38m but with no assets with which to discharge that liability.
The directors applied to strike out the company’s claim. One of their
arguments was premised on the ex turpi causa doctrine: the directors contended
that their own knowledge of the fraud was to be attributed to the company. The
English Court of Appeal rejected this argument and held that the judge at
first instance had been right in refusing to strike out the claim. The Supreme
Court dismissed the directors’ appeal against the Court of Appeal’s decision.

164 The central and unanimous holding of the Supreme Court in Bilta (SC) was
summarised by Lord Neuberger (with whom Lords Clarke and Carnwath agreed) at
[7]:

Both [Lord Sumption’s and Lord Toulson’s] judgments reach the conclusion which
may, I think be stated in the following proposition. Where a company has been
the victim of wrong-doing by its directors, or of which its directors had
notice, then the wrong-doing, or knowledge, of the directors cannot be
attributed to the company as a defence to a claim brought against the
directors by the company’s liquidator, in the name of the company and/or on
behalf of its creditors, for the loss suffered by the company as a result of
the wrong-doing, even where the directors were the only directors and
shareholders of the company, and even though the wrong-doing or knowledge of
the directors may be attributed to the company in many other types of
proceedings.

165 This proposition is a clear statement that the Belmont principle applies
even to one-man companies, albeit when the company is in liquidation. Their
Lordships in Bilta (SC) offered two possible ways of characterising this
proposition. According to Lord Mance (with whom Lords Neuberger, Clark,
Carnwath, Toulson and Hodge agreed on this point: Bilta (SC) at [9] and
[191]), the question of attribution is always an open one. Whether or not it
is appropriate to attribute a director’s act, knowledge or state of mind to a
company in a given claim must depend on the nature and factual context of the
claim in question: Bilta (SC) at [37]–[44]. As Lord Neuberger put it (at [9]):

… [I]t seems to me that [the Belmont principle] is not so much an exception to
a general rule as part of a general rule. There are judicial observations
which tend to support the notion that it is, as Lord Sumption JSC says …, an
exception to the agency-based rules of attribution, which is based on public
policy or common sense, rationality and justice. … However, I agree with Lord
Mance JSC’s analysis … that the question is simply an open one: whether or not
it is appropriate to attribute an action by, or a state of mind of, a company
director or agent to the company or the agent’s principal in relation to a
particular claim against the company or the principal must depend on the
nature and factual context of the claim in question.

Lord Mance (at [41]) traces the origin of this view back to Lord Hoffmann in
Meridian, who “made clear” that “the key to any question of attribution is
ultimately always to be found in considerations of context and purpose”. In a
similar vein, I too read Meridian as standing for a broader concept of bearing
in mind the substantive purpose for invoking rules of attribution: see [142]
above.

166 On the other hand, Lord Sumption took the narrower view that the Belmont
principle was better regarded as an exception only to the agency-based rules
of attribution, ie, only to the rules of attribution in the second set of Lord
Hoffmann’s rules of attribution: see [140] above. That is why Lord Sumption
refers to it as the breach of duty “exception”: Bilta (SC) at [71]. The basis
of the exception is public policy, or as Lord Neuberger paraphrased it,
“common sense, rationality and justice”: Bilta (SC) at [9]. The policy in
question can be readily discerned: to allow a director to rely on his own
turpitude in resisting a claim by the company in respect of a breach of duty
involving that turpitude would undermine the very reason and utility of that
duty.

167 Inherent in Lord Sumption’s characterisation of the Belmont principle as
an “exception” only to “agency-based rules” of attribution is a desire to keep
the principle within definable bounds for the sake of certainty in
articulation and clarity in analysis. These values are undoubtedly desirable.
Nevertheless, I prefer the view taken by Lord Mance and the rest of their
Lordships. In my view, Lord Sumption’s view of the Belmont principle as an
exception is too narrow, insofar as that view confines the principle’s
operation only to the second set of Lord Hoffmann’s attribution rules: see
[140] above. In each of the cases I have discussed which involve one-man
companies, the turpitude of the director could have been attributed to the
company under the first set of Lord Hoffmann’s attribution rules as well, ie,
the primary, corporate, rules of attribution. Thus, in Belmont itself, the
director’s wrongdoing had been performed under board approval. In A-G’s Ref
(No 2 of 1982), the two directors, as the companies’ only two shareholders,
may be regarded as having informally approved their own scheme to
misappropriate the company’s funds. This being the case, it is conceptually
more accurate for the Belmont principle to be described as part of the
approach which takes the question of attribution to be an open one that is
always rooted in the context and purpose of the claim in which that question
arises.

168 At a fundamental level, however, it seems to me important to appreciate
that Lord Sumption’s view shares the same normative roots as Lord Mance’s,
namely, Lord Hoffmann’s idea in Meridian that the purpose for which
attribution is relevant is all-important. Thus Lord Sumption observes that the
concept of a breach of duty “exception” is a “valuable tool of analysis, but
it is no more than that”. His Lordship then goes on to say at [92]–[93] of
Bilta (SC):

… Another way of putting the same point is to treat it as illustrating the
broader point made by Lord Hoffmann in Meridian … that the attribution of
legal responsibility for the act of an agent depends on the purpose for which
attribution is relevant. Where the purpose of attribution is to apportion
responsibility between a company and its agents so as to determine their
rights and liabilities to each other, the result will not necessarily be the
same as it is in a case where the purpose is to apportion responsibility
between the company and a third party.

This makes it unnecessary to address the elusive distinction between primary
and secondary victimhood. That distinction could arise only if the application
of the breach of duty exception depended on where the loss ultimately fell, or
possibly on where the culpable directors intended it to fall. If, however, the
application of the breach of duty exception depends on the nature of the duty
and the parties as between whom the question arises, the only question is
whether the company has suffered any loss at all.

169 Having reviewed these authorities, I have no hesitation in agreeing with
Lord Neuberger’s statement of the rule in Bilta (SC) at [7] (see [164] above).
I return to the distinction between the functional purpose and the substantive
purpose of the rules of attribution which I drew at the beginning of this
discussion: see [141]–[143] above. The authorities make it clear that as
between the two, the substantive purpose is the logically anterior. One must
first consider the nature of the claim which is brought, and the nature of the
rights and liabilities to be determined, before deciding the applicable rule
of attribution. Where a company claims that those who wholly own and control
the company are in breach of duty to the company, the turpitude of the
defendants will not be attributed to the company such that the company’s claim
is defeated by the ex turpi causa doctrine.

170 Of course, the elephant in the room remains: what about the theoretical
objection that in the case of a one-man company, there is a complete identity
of interests between the director-shareholders and the company? As I have
mentioned at [83] above, there is no distinction in fact between ownership and
control in such a company and therefore no real principal-agent problem. Can
it sensibly be said that the acts and knowledge of its sole director-
shareholder will not be attributed to the company if the company were to sue
the director for breach of duty?

171 It may be tempting to corral the elephant by suggesting that the answer
lies in the traditional anthropomorphic view of the company as an independent
person, ie, by holding that there always exists a company “as such”, separate
from its members, to be protected. But the modern law has moved away from that
idea. Lord Hoffmann famously stated in Meridian at 507A that “[t]here is in
fact no such thing as the company as such, no ding an sich, only the
applicable rules.” The result, in Lord Hoffmann’s view, is that “[t]o say that
a company cannot do something means only that there is no one whose doing of
that act would, under the applicable rules of attribution, count as an act of
the company” (at 507A). The transparency and boldness of this statement will
not be lost on the careful reader: it is an assertion of the brutal fact that
one must simply look to the rules which the courts have fashioned to decide
what counts as the act of a company. Consequently, the only question is
whether those rules are sound. This may be theoretically problematic, but at
least the source of the problem is clear. Lord Sumption describes it in the
following terms in Bilta (SC) at [66]:

A natural person and his agent are autonomous in fact as well as in law. A
company is autonomous in law but not in fact. Its decisions are determined by
its human agents, who may use that power for unlawful purposes. This gives
rise to problems which do not arise in the case of principals who are natural
persons.

172 Therefore, is the Belmont principle, as refined by the UK Supreme Court in
Bilta (SC), a sound principle? In my view, it is. It effectively addresses a
specific problem arising from abuse of directors’ powers, that is, it prevents
an errant director from relying on his own turpitude to avoid being held
accountable for his acts or knowledge. It also draws a valid distinction
between cases in which a company seeks redress against the director and cases
in which a third party seeks to hold the company liable. And it enables
external administrators of a company (whether liquidators or receivers) to
hold the company’s directors to a minimum standard of commercial morality,
which is in the public interest. That is as much the case for a solvent
company as it is for an insolvent company.

173 Having considered the applicable law, I turn now to apply it to the facts.

Analysis and decision

174 My findings of fact necessarily entail that both shareholders of Hocen
knew that the directors of Hocen engaged and funded Crossbridge to procure
business for Hocen from ZPMC by corruption and approved the directors’
conduct, albeit informally. That result follows from the nature of Hocen,
because its shareholders are its directors. As the plaintiff and the defendant
were acting in concert in this corrupt scheme, Hocen was effectively a one-man
company, like the companies in A-G’s Ref (No 2 of 1982) ([152] supra), Stone &
Rolls ([155] supra) and Bilta (SC) ([163] supra).

175 Yet, as I have shown from the cases, the Belmont principle applies even to
companies like Hocen. By that principle, the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s
corrupt scheme cannot be attributed to Hocen in a claim by Hocen against them
for breach of duty in involving Hocen in that scheme. That is because Hocen is
seeking redress against its directors for wrongs they have committed against
Hocen.

176 On one view, however, it could be argued that unlike the companies in
Belmont ([150] supra), A-G’s Ref (No 2 of 1982) ([152] supra) and Bilta (SC)
([162] supra), Hocen did not actually suffer “loss”. Quite the contrary: the
bribes which the parties caused Hocen to pay yielded substantial profits for
HocenHocen (see [89] above). I do not accept that as a valid distinction. I
have held on the authority of Ho Kang Peng that the profits which Hocen earned
through corruption (and the opportunity to earn those profits by those means)
cannot be regarded as a corporate benefit which the defendant acquired for
Hocen: see [94] above. Accordingly, there remains a breach of duty sufficient
to invoke the Belmont principle against the defendant. The result is that
Hocen, and therefore the plaintiff (to whom Hocen assigned its cause of
action), is not barred from proceeding against the defendant just because
Hocen’s director-shareholders informally assented to this corrupt scheme. To
be clear, I say nothing about a case in which the company cannot in any sense
be regarded as having suffered loss or detriment.

177 It follows that the defendant cannot rely on the ex turpi causa doctrine
to defeat the claim in this case. These suits cannot be regarded as resting on
Hocen’s own wrong because the Belmont principle prevents the defendant from
attributing his turpitude to Hocen. For the same reasons, the plaintiff’s
turpitude is not attributable to Hocen either.

Two points by way of postscript

The Duomatic principle

178 Before concluding, I turn to deal with two cases whose reasoning appears
to be inconsistent with the analysis I have adopted. Essentially, the
inconsistency arises because those cases appear to take the view that a
company may be precluded from bringing a claim against its director for breach
of duty if the breach was approved by the board or by the shareholders. The
first of these cases is Ho Kang Peng. As I mentioned at [146] above, the Court
of Appeal suggested that the director in that case would have “protected
himself” from a future claim by the company if he had obtained board approval
before signing the impugned agreements. However, this was obiter dicta as no
board approval was in fact obtained in that case. So I need say no more about
it.

179 The second case is Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte Ltd
and another [2013] 1 SLR 173 (“Yong Kheng Leong”). In that case, a company
sued a director for having caused the company to pay the director’s wife a
salary over a period of 17 years when she had done no work for the company to
earn that salary. In that case too, the only two shareholders of the company
were its only two directors (at [26]). The director argued that the other
shareholder could be taken to have impliedly assented to the salary payments
such that the company could no longer seek to avoid the payments and recover
them from the defendant director (at [25]). It was true that the director had
made no attempt to conceal the salary payments from management or the other
shareholder. However, on the facts of that case, the Court of Appeal held that
the other shareholder’s conduct amounted, at most, to some degree of
forbearance rather than to implied assent (at [26]). In order for the company
to be bound such that it could no longer recover the salary from the director,
there must be a sufficient basis for the court to infer that: (a) there was an
agreement between the shareholders with regard to the impugned act; and (b)
what the key contents of that agreement were (at [25]).

180 It does not appear that the Belmont principle or any of the cases in that
line of authority were cited to the Court of Appeal in Yong Kheng Leong. The
court’s in-principle acceptance of the argument from implied assent must be
considered in that light. To be specific, counsel for the director in that
case, Dr Tang Hang Wu, presented the implied assent argument in reliance on
“the principle [in Re Duomatic Ltd [1969] 2 Ch 365] … where all the
shareholders, particularly in a closed private company with a track record of
informality in their deals, assent to a particular course of dealing, even in
relation to the disposal of assets, this may be effective to bind the parties”
(at [25]). This is a well-established principle which falls under the primary
rules of attribution, ie, the first set of the rules of attribution which Lord
Hoffmann identified in Meridian Global: see Bilta (SC) at [187]. It was also a
principle which the court in A-G’s Ref (No 2 of 1982) decided specifically to
override on the authority of Belmont: see [152] above. In other words, the
Belmont principle does not deny or contradict the Duomatic principle. Instead,
to borrow Lord Sumption’s analytical language, it constitutes an “exception”
to it, just as it is, on his view, an exception to the agency-based rules of
attribution which would ordinarily apply: see [167] above. As Lord Neuberger
said in Bilta (SC) at [7], the Belmont principle applies “even though the
wrong-doing or knowledge of the directors may be attributed to the company in
many other types of proceedings”.

181 Hence, it is appropriate to read Yong Kheng Leong as saying that the
company could have met Dr Tang’s argument with the Belmont principle. The
company could have argued that even if the other shareholder had impliedly
assented to the payments, the Belmont principle would operate to preclude the
director from attributing that shareholders’ assent to the company. This
argument, of course, was not raised in Yong Kheng Leong. There was also no
need for the court to consider this argument because, on the facts, the court
found that there was in fact no implied assent. Accordingly, there is no real
inconsistency between my analysis and the decision in Yong Kheng Leong.

Unclean hands

182 I have thus far focused on the position of Hocen. That is because at the
centre of the ex turpi causa analysis is the issue of whether the defendant’s
turpitude can be attributed to Hocen (see [133] above). It is convenient at
this juncture to consider the plaintiff’s position and to deal with a point
unrelated to attribution. It could be said that the plaintiff has brought
these suits with unclean hands and that that is a sufficient reason not to
hold the defendant liable in equity. That point can be disposed of quickly for
two reasons.

183 The first reason is that, although the plaintiff is, on my finding, in
breach of duty to Hocen, the plaintiff does not assert in these suits a
personal cause of action vested in him. He asserts in these suits a corporate
cause of action initially vested in Hocen and which the liquidators have
assigned to him. Hocen, as a company, does not have unclean hands because the
acts of its directors cannot be attributed to it (for the reasons set out at
[174]–[177] above).

184 The second reason is that, even if the allegation of unclean hands is
available as against the plaintiff, I have found the defendant to have
breached not only his fiduciary duties but also his statutory and common law
duties. The defence of unclean hands may defeat a claim in equity but cannot
defeat a statutory or a common law claim.

Judgment

185 In light of my findings in each of the two suits, I have entered judgment:
(a) requiring the defendant to pay the plaintiff the full sum which the
plaintiff claims in that suit; and (b) requiring the plaintiff upon receiving
that sum from the defendant, to pay the defendant back half of that sum.

186 As for costs, the claim and the counterclaim have succeeded in each suit.
Therefore, the event in both suits goes in both directions. Further, the
issues raised by the counterclaim – about the plaintiff’s own knowledge and
culpability for the Payments – were relevant not only to the counterclaim but
also to the claim, going to an aspect of the defendant’s defence. Because the
facts and the law on the claim and the counterclaim were indistinguishably
bound up with each other, and because the events in both suits negate each
other, I have exercised my discretion to make no order as to costs on both the
claim and the counterclaim in both suits.

187 There is another reason for my decision to make no order as to costs. This
has been utterly pointless litigation. The plaintiff and the defendant each
had and have an equal interest in Hocen. While Hocen was trading, they divided
the considerable profits from Hocen’s business with ZPMC between themselves in
accordance with Hocen’s corporate constitution and with the Act. The plaintiff
and the defendant now have an equal interest in Hocen’s substantial
liquidation surplus. If Hocen had not assigned its causes of action to the
plaintiff, the result of my findings would be (putting on one side the issue
of costs) that each defaulting director would pay 50% of the Payments to the
liquidators who would then immediately return the same money to the same
individuals as shareholders together with 50% of the liquidation surplus which
the liquidators already hold.

188 The liquidators’ decision to assign Hocen’s cause of action underlying
these two suits to the plaintiff has changed nothing. That is because the
plaintiff paid nothing for the assignment and, in return, promised under cl
2.4 of the assignment to pay over to the liquidators 50% of any sum which he
recovers from the defendant in these suits. Further, by cl 2.4(iv) of the
assignment, the plaintiff authorised the liquidators to pay that 50% to the
defendant alone.

189 The plaintiff’s rights and obligations under the assignment are subject
only to the following provision on costs: (a) the plaintiff is allowed to
retain any sum which the defendant pays to the plaintiff pursuant to a costs
order by the court; and (b) the plaintiff is allowed to retain out of the
principal sum which he recovers from the defendant in these suits a further
sum equivalent to 33% of any costs award. The purpose of this proviso is to
allow the plaintiff to recover 133% of any costs award which the court might
make at the conclusion of the litigation as an approximation of indemnity
costs. I have found that the plaintiff is not entitled even to an award of
party and party costs by way of a partial indemnity for the costs which he has
incurred in pursuing this litigation.

190 The outcome of this litigation, therefore, is a pointless merry-go-round
of money. Under my judgment, the defendant must pay over to the plaintiff 100%
of the Payments. Also under my judgment, the plaintiff must immediately pay
50% of what he has just received back to the defendant. Under cl 2.4 of the
assignment, the plaintiff must pay the other 50% of what he has just received
without deduction (there being no award of costs in the plaintiff’s favour) to
the liquidators. Under cl 2.4(iv) of the assignment, the liquidators will then
pay over to the defendant the 50% which they have just received from the
plaintiff.

191 The pointlessness of this litigation is another reason I have made no
order as to costs.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge  

Lionel Leo, Oh Sheng Loong and Doralyn Chan (WongPartnership LLP) for the
substituted plaintiff;  
Leo Cheng Suan, Teh Ee-Von and Grismond Tien (Infinitus Law Corporation) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

