Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 14

Civil Appeal No 75 of 2016

Between

TMO  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

TMP  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of District Court Appeal No 124 of 2015

Between

TMO  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TMP  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Family Law] — [Muslims] — [Issues within jurisdiction of civil court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TMO

  
v

  

TMP

[2017] SGCA 14

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 75 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith
Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
30 November 2016

21 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judicial commissioner (“the
Judge”) declining to grant the appellant-wife (“the Wife”) financial relief
under s 121G, Chapter 4A of Part X of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed). The Judge’s decision was reported as TMO v TMP [2016] 2 SLR 1198 (“the
GD”). At the heart of this appeal lies the question of whether parties to a
Muslim marriage whose marriage has been dissolved by an order of a foreign
court, in this case a court in Johor Bahru, Malaysia (“Johor”), may seek
financial relief consequential upon the divorce from the Singapore court.

Background

2 The facts before us are straightforward. The Wife and the respondent-husband
(“the Husband”) were married on 13 February 1998 under Muslim law at the
Registry of Muslim Marriages in Singapore. The parties have two children, aged
nine and 13, who were both born in Singapore.

3 In 2008, the family relocated to Johor. A few years later, the Husband
applied for a divorce in Johor. The Wife alleges that she learnt about this
development for the first time on 30 March 2012 when she received a Johor
court order dated 20 March 2012 granting interim custody of their children to
the Husband. According to the Wife, she did not respond to the custody
application as she harboured hopes of reconciling with the Husband.

4 On 10 April 2012, the Johor Sharia Subordinate Court granted a dissolution
of the parties’ marriage. The Wife alleges that the divorce was obtained
without her knowledge and that she only became aware of it when her lawyer in
Johor performed a search two weeks later. Each party has since remarried.

5 Subsequently, the Wife brought contempt proceedings against the Husband in
the Johor Sharia High Court for non-compliance with a court order dated 15
October 2012. Unfortunately, that order was not in evidence in the proceedings
below and the basis for the contempt proceedings remains unclear to us. In any
event, on 26 February 2013, the Johor Sharia High Court sentenced the Husband
to 14 days’ imprisonment for contempt of court. During his incarceration, the
Wife was given custody of their two children.

6 On 26 September 2012 (before the contempt proceedings were heard), the Wife
applied to the Singapore Syariah Court for ancillary relief (subsequent
references to the “Syariah Court” refer to the Singapore Syariah Court). She
sought, amongst other things, (a) nafkah iddah (maintenance of the Wife); (b)
mutaah (a consolatory gift); and (c) division of matrimonial assets. The
Husband attended the first two Pre-Trial Conferences (“PTCs”) on 30 January
and 16 April 2013, but was absent from the hearing that was held on 21 August
2013. After the hearing, the Syariah Court granted nafkah iddah in the sum of
$1,500 for three months and mutaah in the sum of $41,347 and further ordered
that these sums be paid from the Husband’s share of the net sale proceeds of
the matrimonial flat. The Syariah Court, however, refused to grant any order
for the division of the matrimonial assets. It considered that pursuant to s
52(3) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 2009 Rev Ed) (“AMLA”),
such orders could only be made by the Syariah Court where the divorce
proceedings were before the Syariah Court and the divorce decree was made by
it. As orders for nafkah iddah and mutaah under ss 51(2) and 52(2) of the AMLA
are not subject to the same conditions prescribed in s 52(3), the Syariah
Court could make those orders.

7 The Wife then filed an application before the Family Justice Courts under
Chapter 4A (Financial Relief Consequential on Foreign Matrimonial Proceedings)
of the Women’s Charter for the division of the matrimonial assets. The
proceedings were first heard in the Family Courts before a District Judge
(“the District Judge”), whose decision was issued as TGX v TGY [2015] SGFC 134
(“the District Judge’s GD”). The Husband did not participate in the
proceedings (see the District Judge’s GD at [4]). The matrimonial assets in
respect of which the Wife sought division were:

(a) A five-room HDB flat at Yishun (“the HDB Flat”);

(b) A flat in Johor;

(c) The rental yield generated from the rental of the HDB Flat between June
2008 and December 2012;

(d) The sale proceeds of another property in Johor; and

(e) The Husband’s CPF balance of $209,933.36 as at 4 September 2013.

According to the Wife, the total value of the matrimonial assets to be divided
amounted to $1,079,249.36.

8 The Wife’s application was brought pursuant to s 121G of the Women’s
Charter. This is found at Chapter 4A in Part X of the Women’s Charter. Chapter
4A was introduced by way of legislation in 2011 in order to provide an avenue
for those whose marriages had been dissolved by an order of a foreign court to
seek relief in respect of ancillary matters before a Singapore court.
Specifically, s 121G provides as follows:

Orders for financial relief

121G. —(1) On an application by a party to a marriage for an order for
financial relief, the court may make any one or more of the orders which it
could have made under section 112, 113 or 127(1) in the like manner as if a
decree of divorce, nullity or judicial separation in respect of the marriage
had been granted in Singapore.

(2) Sections 112(2) to (10), 114 to 121 and 127(2) shall apply, with the
necessary modifications, and as appropriate, to an order made under subsection
(1).

(3) Upon the court making a secured order under subsection (1) or at any time
thereafter, the court may make any order which the court could have made if
the secured order had been made under section 112, 115 or 127.

9 The question for the court below was whether Chapter 4A and more
particularly, s 121G of the Women’s Charter was applicable to Muslim marriages
that had been dissolved by a foreign Syariah court. The District Judge
dismissed the Wife’s application because she considered that s 3(2) of the
Women’s Charter precluded the application of Part X of the Women’s Charter
(within which Chapter 4A falls) to a Muslim marriage registered in Singapore
(see the District Judge’s GD at [35]). Furthermore, she held that ss 17A(2)
and (3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), which vest jurisdiction over certain aspects of matrimonial
proceedings affecting Muslim marriages in the civil courts concurrently with
the Syariah Court, did not apply because the Syariah Court had held that it
would only have the jurisdiction to make an order for the disposition of
property under s 52(3) of the AMLA if the divorce proceedings had been filed
in the Syariah Court and the decree had been made by the Syariah Court (see
the District Judge’s GD at [44]–[45]). As noted above, the divorce decree in
this case had been made by a foreign Syariah court. The District Judge
therefore concluded that the Family Courts had no jurisdiction to grant the
reliefs that the Wife was seeking (see the District Judge’s GD at [46]). The
District Judge noted, however, that the Wife had at least two alternative
recourses which she had not exhausted: (1) she could set aside the Malaysian
divorce decree and then file for divorce in the Syariah Court in the course of
which she could make the necessary application for the orders she sought; or
(2) she could commence proceedings in the Malaysian courts for the necessary
ancillary orders since the divorce had been granted by the Johor court (see
the District Judge’s GD at [38]).

10 Dissatisfied with the District Judge’s decision, the Wife appealed to the
High Court.

Decision below

11 The allocation to the relevant courts of jurisdiction over these matters is
dealt with in part by s 17A of the SCJA. The Judge held that s 17A(1) of the
SCJA excluded the jurisdiction of the High Court in respect of matters that
came within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court pursuant to certain
provisions of the AMLA. However, she went on to hold that where the
jurisdiction of the High Court has not been excluded in this way, the High
Court retains its general jurisdiction over divorce and matrimonial matters
(see the GD at [8]). Section 17A(2) in turn provides that the High Court has
concurrent jurisdiction with the Syariah Court over certain matters, but its
application is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in s 17A(3) (see
the GD at [10]). The Judge first concluded that the present case was not one
where the jurisdiction of the High Court had been excluded pursuant to s
17A(1) of the SCJA. She then went on to consider whether the matter could come
within the ambit of s 17A(2) of the SCJA, which, as we have noted, is
concerned with jurisdiction that is concurrent with that of the Syariah Court.
The Judge concluded that s 17A(2) did not apply first, because she considered
it to be clearly the case that the Syariah Court did not have jurisdiction in
this context; and second because to be applicable, a certificate from the
Syariah Court under s 17A(3) would be required and this had not been obtained
(see the GD at [11]).

12 The Judge considered that the High Court did have jurisdiction under s
17(a) of the SCJA (see the GD at [5] and [12]) and that this jurisdiction had
not been excluded by s 17A(1). Nevertheless, she held that the High Court had
no power to grant relief under s 121G of the Women’s Charter because s 3(2) of
the Women’s Charter precluded the application of that power to situations
where the divorcing parties had been married under Muslim law (as the present
parties were). Nor did she consider that s 17A(8) of the SCJA could assist the
Wife because that is expressly limited to the exercise of the High Court’s
jurisdiction or powers under s 17A(2)(c) of the SCJA, which as noted at [11]
above, was found not to apply in the present case. In any event, s 17A(8) of
the SCJA would only allow for s 112 of the Women’s Charter to apply and not s
121G of the Women’s Charter (see the GD at [14]–[15]).

13 For these reasons, the Judge concluded that there was a lacuna in the law,
in the sense that parties to a Muslim marriage that had been dissolved
pursuant to a decree of divorce made by a foreign court could fall outside the
jurisdiction both of the Syariah Court and also of the civil courts, leaving
them with no recourse in these circumstances (see the GD at [17]). The Judge
was of the view that although the existence of such a lacuna might be
unsatisfactory, whether it ought to be plugged, and if so, whether this ought
to be done by way of a provision in the AMLA or in the SCJA, was a matter for
Parliament to decide (see the GD at [18]). She was satisfied it was beyond the
competence of the court to plug such a gap especially in the absence of
evidence of Parliament’s intention as to whether Chapter 4A of Part X of the
Women’s Charter ought to extend to parties married under Muslim law. She was
also satisfied that this was not a case in which the court could read words
into a statute where these had not been expressly provided for, in the
circumstances articulated in Wentworth Securities Ltd v Jones [1980] AC 74
(“Wentworth”) and adopted by this court in Kok Chong Weng and others v Wiener
Robert Lorenz and others (Ankerite Pte Ltd, intervener) [2009] 2 SLR(R) 709
(see the GD at [20]-[22]).

14 In the circumstances, the Judge found that the High Court did not have the
power to make any order under s 121G of the Women’s Charter and dismissed the
Wife’s appeal.

Parties’ arguments

The Wife

15 The Wife concedes that the Syariah Court is not empowered to make an order
for the division of the matrimonial assets because it did not issue the decree
of divorce. Therefore, the Wife’s arguments centred on whether the High Court
is empowered to grant the relief she seeks. In this regard, the Wife raises
two main arguments.

16 Her primary argument is that the High Court should have “plugged the gap in
the law”. The Wife argues that s 17A(8) of the SCJA should be read to include
the words “and section 121G” such that the provision reads:

(8) Notwithstanding section 3(2) of the Women’s Charter (Cap. 353), section
112 [and section 121G] of that Act shall apply to the High Court in the
exercise of its jurisdiction or powers under subsection (2)(c).

[additional words in bold-italics]

On her behalf it is said that the Wentworth test is satisfied especially since
there is no plausible or even conceivable reason for ascribing to Parliament
an intention to exclude parties to Muslim marriages from availing themselves
of s 121G of the Women’s Charter at the time that provision, and generally
Chapter 4A of the Women’s Charter, was enacted in 2011. In fact, it can be
inferred (even though this was not specifically debated) that Parliament
intended that s 121G would apply to all parties connected to Singapore. It was
further said that Parliament could have been operating under a misimpression
caused by a report of the Law Reform Committee which indicated that the
Syariah Court did have the jurisdiction to make an order for the division or
disposition of property where a Muslim marriage was dissolved by the decree of
a foreign court (see Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, Report of
the Law Reform Committee on Ancillary Orders after Foreign Divorce or
Annulment (July 2009) at para 69). We note in passing that the latter argument
in some respects runs counter to the former. The former is predicated on the
notion that Parliament had the presumed or implicit intent to extend Chapter
4A to those who are party to a Muslim marriage; while the latter rests on the
notion that Parliament had no such intention but that because this was caused
by a mistaken understanding of the legal position, the court could intervene.
Leaving aside the inconsistency, it is not clear to us on what basis the
courts could amend, override or invalidate legislation on such a basis even
assuming it were correct that Parliament had been mistaken.

17 The Wife’s second argument is that there is actually no gap in the law if
the “presumption of updating construction” is applied. In essence, where the
interpretation of legislation is intended to develop in meaning with
developing circumstances, it is presumed that Parliament intends the court to
apply to the legislation a construction that continually updates its wording
to allow for changes since the legislation was initially framed. In this case,
the Wife appears to be arguing that by reason of the introduction of s 121G of
the Women’s Charter, when construing the court’s power under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter which is applicable even to Muslim marriages in certain
circumstances, this should be read to extend to situations where the decree of
divorce, nullity or judicial separation was made abroad. On this basis, it is
said that s 17A(8) of the SCJA should be read to extend s 121G of the Women’s
Charter to Muslim marriages.

The Husband

18 Although the notice of appeal was served on the Husband at his Johor
address, the Husband did not participate in the appeal. He also did not
participate in the proceedings either before the Judge or the District Judge.
While he appeared for the first two PTCs that were held before the Syariah
Court, he did not attend any of the subsequent hearings.

Our decision

19 We begin by setting out in general terms how jurisdiction is apportioned
between the Syariah Court and the High Court with specific reference to
matters affecting Muslim marriages.

Relationship between the Syariah Court and the High Court

20 The laws regulating certain aspects of family life in Singapore, in
particular the formation and dissolution of marriages, are different for
Muslims and non-Muslims. These different systems of family law are
administered separately by separate courts, namely, the Syariah Court and the
High Court. As might be expected in such circumstances, issues can at times
arise over the delineation of the jurisdiction of each court. The allocation
of jurisdiction in this context is governed by three principal statutes,
namely, the AMLA, the SCJA and the Women’s Charter.

21  Section 35 of the AMLA sets out the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court. It
provides:

Jurisdiction

35.—(1) The Court shall have jurisdiction throughout Singapore.

(2) The Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions and
proceedings in which all the parties are Muslims or where the parties were
married under the provisions of the Muslim law and which involve disputes
relating to —

(a) marriage;

(b) divorces known in the Muslim law as fasakh, cerai taklik, khuluk and
talak;

(c) betrothal, nullity of marriage or judicial separation;

(d) the disposition or division of property on divorce or nullification of
marriage; or

(e) the payment of emas kahwin, marriage expenses (hantaran belanja),
maintenance and consolatory gifts or mutaah.

(3) In all questions regarding betrothal, marriage, dissolution of marriage,
including talak, cerai taklik, khuluk and fasakh, nullity of marriage or
judicial separation, the appointment of hakam, the disposition or division of
property on divorce or nullification of marriage, the payment of emas kahwin,
marriage expenses (hantaran belanja) and consolatory gifts or mutaah and the
payment of maintenance on divorce, the rule of decision where the parties are
Muslims or were married under the provisions of the Muslim law shall, subject
to the provisions of this Act, be the Muslim law, as varied where applicable
by Malay custom.

[emphasis added]

22 Whether the Syariah Court has jurisdiction is thus dependent on two
conditions. The first is that the parties to the dispute must either be Muslim
or have been married under the provisions of Muslim law. The second is that
the dispute must relate to the matters identified in ss 35(2)(a) to (e) of the
AMLA. Where the Syariah Court has jurisdiction over a matter that falls within
ss 35(2)(a), (b) or (c) of the AMLA, such jurisdiction is exclusive and the
High Court shall have no jurisdiction over those matters. This is provided for
by s 17A(1) of the SCJA, the effect of which is to exclude the jurisdiction
vested in the High Court by ss 16 and 17 of the SCJA in cases where the
Syariah Court is in a position to exercise jurisdiction under ss 35(2)(a), (b)
or (c) of the AMLA. For convenience, we set out the whole of s 17A with added
emphases:

Civil jurisdiction — concurrent jurisdiction with Syariah Court in certain
matters

17A.—(1) Notwithstanding sections 16 and 17, the High Court shall have no
jurisdiction to hear and try any civil proceedings involving matters which
come within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court under section 35(2)(a), (b)
or (c) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap. 3) in which all the
parties are Muslims or where the parties were married under the provisions of
the Muslim law.

(2) Notwithstanding that such matters come within the jurisdiction of the
Syariah Court under section 35(2)(d) or (e), 51 or 52(3)(c) or (d) of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act, the High Court shall have jurisdiction as is
vested in it by any written law to hear and try any civil proceedings
involving matters relating to —

(a) maintenance for any wife or child;

(b) custody of any child; and

(c) disposition or division of property on divorce.

(3) Where civil proceedings involving any matter referred to in subsection
(2)(b) or (c) and involving parties who are Muslims or were married under the
provisions of the Muslim law are commenced in the High Court, the High Court
shall stay the civil proceedings —

(a) involving any matter referred to in subsection (2)(b) or (c), if the civil
proceedings are commenced on or after the commencement of proceedings for
divorce in the Syariah Court or after the making of a decree or order for
divorce by the Syariah Court or on or after the registration of any divorce
under section 102 of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap. 3) between the
same parties, unless a Syariah Court commencement certificate in respect of
the civil proceedings has been filed with the High Court;

(b) involving any matter referred to in subsection (2)(b), if proceedings for
divorce are commenced in the Syariah Court or a decree or order for divorce is
made by the Syariah Court or a divorce is registered under section 102 of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act between the same parties after the
commencement of the civil proceedings, unless a Syariah Court continuation
certificate in respect of the civil proceedings has been filed with the High
Court.

(3A) For the purposes of subsection (3), any reference to the registration of
any divorce, or to a divorce that is registered, under section 102 of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act shall be construed as a reference to the
registration of a divorce or to a divorce that is registered under that
section before the date of commencement of section 24 of the Administration of
Muslim Law (Amendment) Act 2008.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (3), where the proceedings in the Syariah
Court are commenced on the same day as the civil proceedings in the High
Court, the proceedings in the Syariah Court shall be deemed to have been
commenced before the civil proceedings.

(5) Subsection (3)(a) shall not apply if the civil proceedings referred to
therein are commenced in the High Court by the consent of the parties to the
proceedings and the certificates of attendance of the parties issued under
section 35A(7) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act have been filed in
accordance with Family Justice Rules.

(6) Subsection (3)(b) shall not apply if the civil proceedings referred to
therein are continued by the consent of the parties to the proceedings and the
certificates of attendance of the parties issued under section 35A(7) of the
Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap. 3) have been filed in accordance with
Family Justice Rules.

(7) For the avoidance of any doubt, the High Court, in exercising its
jurisdiction or powers under subsection (2), shall apply the civil law.

(8) Notwithstanding section 3(2) of the Women’s Charter (Cap. 353), section
112 of that Act shall apply to the High Court in the exercise of its
jurisdiction or powers under subsection (2)(c).

(9) In this section —

“Syariah Court” means the Syariah Court constituted under the Administration
of Muslim Law Act;

“Syariah Court commencement certificate” means a commencement certificate
issued by the Syariah Court under section 35A(4) of the Administration of
Muslim Law Act;

“Syariah Court continuation certificate” means a continuation certificate
issued by the Syariah Court under section 35A(4) of the Administration of
Muslim Law Act.

23 Where the Syariah Court has jurisdiction over a matter that falls within ss
35(2)(d) or (e) (and incidentally also ss 51 or 52(3)(c) or (d)) of the AMLA,
it shares that jurisdiction concurrently with the High Court. This is provided
for by s 17A(2) of the SCJA which has been reproduced above.

24 Hence, parties who were married under Muslim law and who are then divorced
may, during or after the divorce proceedings in the Syariah Court, apply to
either the Syariah Court or the High Court for ancillary relief. But this is
subject to the conditions set out in ss 17A(3), (5) and (6) of the SCJA, and
in general terms, these contemplate that the jurisdiction of the High Court
may be invoked with the consent of the parties to the proceedings or with the
leave of the Syariah Court.

25 Where a matter does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court,
the High Court retains residual jurisdiction over the matter. This is provided
for by ss 16 and 17 of the SCJA, which confer upon the High Court
“jurisdiction under any written law relating to divorce and matrimonial
causes” where this has not been excluded by any other provision vesting
jurisdiction in the Syariah Court. This was also the approach adopted by this
court in Madiah bte Atan v Samsudin bin Surin [1998] 2 SLR(R) 327 (“Madiah”),
where the court held that because the relevant application did not come within
the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court (by reason of the fact that the parties’
divorce was pronounced by a kadi rather than by the Syariah Court), it was the
High Court that had jurisdiction to hear the application (at [36]). We note,
however, that one aspect of Madiah invites reconsideration and we will return
to that at the end of this judgment.

26 We highlight one other important provision that governs the relationship
between the Syariah Court and the High Court in respect of matrimonial
matters, namely, ss 3(1) and (2) of the Women’s Charter, which provides as
follows:

Application

3.—(1) Except as otherwise provided, this Act shall apply to all persons in
Singapore and shall also apply to all persons domiciled in Singapore.

(2) Parts II to VI and Part X and sections 181 and 182 shall not apply to any
person who is married under, or to any marriage solemnized or registered
under, the provisions of the Muslim law or of any written law in Singapore or
in Malaysia providing for the registration of Muslim marriages.

[emphasis added]

Section 3(2) of the Women’s Charter thus excludes its application in specific
respects to parties married under Muslim law. These include the formation and
termination of marriages, the marital relationship and various economic
aspects of family life. In our judgment, this was effected because these areas
are governed separately by Muslim law (including the AMLA) and come within the
jurisdiction of the Syariah Court. We note in this connection that when the
Women’s Charter was introduced in 1961, Parliament saw it fit not to extend
the reach of the Women’s Charter to Muslim marriages because these were
governed by other relevant laws. As noted by the Parliamentary Secretary to
the Minister for National Development, Inche Yaacob Bin Mohamed, during the
Second Reading of the Women’s Charter Bill 1961 (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (6 April 1960) vol 12 at col 465):

… I have stressed just now that the marriages of Islamic people are controlled
by the Muslims Ordinance [the predecessor of AMLA], which is still under study
by the Select Committee, and very soon we will be in a position to know how
things stand. The enactment of this Women's Charter will not interfere with
any section of the community. … [emphasis added]

27 In our judgment, the purpose that underlies s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter
is the need to manage possible overlaps between Muslim law and non-Muslim law
by providing for the circumstances under which each system of law would or
could apply to Muslim marriages. Where a matter is already governed by Muslim
law and comes within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court, s 3(2) operates to
exclude the operation or application of those parts of the Women’s Charter to
such a marriage. This applies to those parts of the Women’s Charter as are
enumerated in s 3(2) itself, namely, Parts II to VI and X and ss 181 and 182
of the Women’s Charter.

28 That this was the intention behind s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter may also
be gleaned from the Report of the Select Committee on the Women’s Charter Bill
(Bill No 16/60) (Parl 1 of 1960, 20 May 1960). One of the issues raised in the
report was that cl 3(2) of the Women’s Charter Bill 1961 in its original form
did not exclude the application of cl 166 (the predecessor of ss 181 and 182
of the Women’s Charter) from Muslim marriages. Clause 166 of the Women’s
Charter Bill 1961 provided that marriages solemnized under any law, religion,
custom or usage must be registered under the provisions of the Women’s
Charter. This was seen to give rise to a potential problem because the Muslim
Ordinance as it then stood already provided for the registration of Muslim
marriages, and there was some confusion as to whether Muslim couples would be
required to separately register their marriages under the Women’s Charter as
well (see Minutes of Evidence (Appendix II) at paras 357-361). Eventually,
because the registration of Muslim marriages was provided for under the Muslim
Ordinance, cl 3(2) of the Women’s Charter Bill 1961 was amended to exempt
Muslim marriages from the requirements of cl 166.

29 In our judgment, what follows from this is that when a matrimonial dispute
involving parties to a Muslim marriage falls within the jurisdiction of the
Syariah Court, s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter makes it clear that certain parts
of the Women’s Charter shall not apply to that marriage. Section 35(3) of the
AMLA further clarifies that the Syariah Court is to apply Muslim law, as
varied where applicable by Malay custom:

(3) In all questions regarding betrothal, marriage, dissolution of marriage,
including talak, cerai taklik, khuluk and fasakh, nullity of marriage or
judicial separation, the appointment of hakam, the disposition or division of
property on divorce or nullification of marriage, the payment of emas kahwin,
marriage expenses (hantaran belanja) and consolatory gifts or mutaah and the
payment of maintenance on divorce, the rule of decision where the parties are
Muslims or were married under the provisions of the Muslim law shall, subject
to the provisions of this Act, be the Muslim law, as varied where applicable
by Malay custom.

30 If the dispute is one in respect of which the High Court shares
jurisdiction concurrently with the Syariah Court and if the High Court takes
jurisdiction over the matter under s 17A(2) of the SCJA (see above at [23]), s
17A(7) of the SCJA expressly provides that it shall apply the civil law.

31 If the High Court takes jurisdiction specifically under s 17A(2)(c) of the
SCJA (that is where the dispute relates to disposition or division of property
consequent upon divorce), s 17A(8) of the SCJA further provides that s 112 of
the Women’s Charter (which sets out the court’s power to divide the
matrimonial assets upon a divorce) shall apply notwithstanding s 3(2) of the
Women’s Charter.

32 The Judge was alive to all this but thought, in essence, that s 3(2) of the
Women’s Charter remained an obstacle standing in the way of the High Court
giving any relief in this case because s 17A(8) of the SCJA, which seemingly
held the potential to override s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter, only applied
where the High Court was acting pursuant to s 17A(2)(c), which was not the
case here. Further, and in any case, s 17A(8) of the SCJA only overrode s 3(2)
of the Women’s Charter to the extent that it empowered the High Court to apply
s 112 of the Women’s Charter to a Muslim marriage and not s 121G, which was
the material provision on which the Wife was seeking to rely in this case.

33 To assess this, it is necessary to revisit the proper construction of s
3(2) of the Women’s Charter, having regard to its purpose which we have
identified at [27]-[29] above. In our judgment, when regard is had to that
purpose, which as we have said, is to avoid conflicts between the civil law
and Muslim law where there is an overlap in the application of both these
systems by reason of the concurrent jurisdiction of the High Court and the
Syariah Court, it must follow that s 3(2) is to be construed subject to a very
important qualification. That qualification is this: where the Syariah Court
has no jurisdiction over a matrimonial dispute involving parties to a Muslim
marriage and the High Court takes residual jurisdiction over the matter as a
consequence (see above at [25]), s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter would not apply
at all. This follows because in such a case, there would be no conflict of
jurisdiction since it is the High Court alone that has jurisdiction. In these
circumstances, there would be no basis for the disapplication of the Women’s
Charter, which contains the default body of law applicable to persons in
Singapore and which would apply even to Muslims who are involved in a
matrimonial dispute over which the Syariah Court has no jurisdiction. To
construe s 3(2) otherwise would lead to a legal vacuum as the facts of the
present case demonstrate. There is nothing to suggest that this was the
intention behind s 3(2).

34 On the contrary, construing s 3(2) in this way would be consistent with
Parliament’s intention as to how the jurisdiction of the courts should be
delineated between the Syariah Court and the High Court. Aside from the
references we have already made to the legislative debates and materials at
[26] and [28] above, we also consider it relevant that during the Third
Reading of the Muslim Law (Amendment) Bill 1999, which vested concurrent
jurisdiction in the Syariah Court and the High Court over certain ancillary
matters, the then Minister for Community Development and Minister-in-charge of
Muslim Affairs, Mr Abdullah Tarmugi, said as follows (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (15 April 1999) vol 70 at cols 1249–1250):

Sir, several representors strongly pushed for the Syariah Court to be the only
forum to hear matrimonial disputes between Muslims, fearing that giving an
avenue to the Civil Courts would undermine and diminish the authority of the
Syariah Court. They felt that in the past, Muslims had little choice but to go
to the Civil Courts, as the Syariah Court did not have adequate resources to
deal with their disputes. The Select Committee deliberated over these concerns
at length. It concluded that Muslims, as citizens of this country, must be
allowed the same right of access to the Civil Courts as non-Muslims.

There may also be instances where the legal issues in a case need to or can
only be resolved in the Civil Court. For instance, in disputes over property,
the legal claim could involve third parties who are non-Muslims. Another
example will be cases involving property or parties overseas. Let me reiterate
that the Bill does not in any way undermine the authority of the Syariah
Court.

[emphasis added]

35 It is evident that in vesting concurrent jurisdiction in the High Court in
certain circumstances, Parliament was concerned to ensure that the authority
of the Syariah Court would not be undermined or diminished. In circumstances
where the Syariah Court has no jurisdiction to begin with, there can be no
risk of undermining the authority of the Syariah Court even if the High Court
were to assume jurisdiction and apply the Women’s Charter. Furthermore, this
would ensure that Muslims would be accorded the same rights and protection as
non-Muslims in Singapore.

36 Against the backdrop of that general framework, we return to the facts
before us to examine whether the Syariah Court has jurisdiction over the
Wife’s application for division of matrimonial property.

Whether the Syariah Court has jurisdiction

37 The present case involves parties to a Muslim marriage who obtained a
divorce from a foreign court. The Wife concedes that in such circumstances,
the Syariah Court has no jurisdiction to grant a division order since the
parties’ divorce was not before it. As we have observed at [6] above, the
Syariah Court was of the same view and therefore dismissed the Wife’s
application for division of property. We agree with both the Wife and the
Syariah Court.

38 As noted above at [21], the starting point for determining whether the
Syariah Court has jurisdiction over the matter is s 35 of the AMLA. That
provision makes it clear that the Syariah Court has jurisdiction over
ancillary reliefs at least as a general rule. But what is the position where
the divorce has been decreed by a foreign court? Here is it relevant to
consider s 52(3) of the AMLA, which provides:

(3) The Court may, at any stage of the proceedings for divorce or nullity of
marriage or after making a decree or order for divorce or nullity of marriage,
or after any divorce has been registered under section 102 before 1st March
2009, on the application of any party, make such orders as it thinks fit with
respect to —

(a) the payment of emas kahwin and marriage expenses (hantaran belanja) to the
wife;

(b) the payment of a consolatory gift or mutaah to the wife;

(c) the custody, maintenance and education of the minor children of the
parties; and

(d) the disposition or division of property on divorce or nullification of
marriage.

[emphasis added]

39 In our judgment, the words “at any stage of the proceedings for divorce”
contemplate “proceedings for divorce” that have been or are being brought
before the Syariah Court. In other words, the Syariah Court’s powers under s
52(3) may only be invoked where an application for divorce has been made to
the Syariah Court. This was also the conclusion reached by the High Court in
Muhd Munir v Noor Hidah and other applications [1990] 2 SLR(R) 348 (“Muhd
Munir”) and subsequently also by this Court in Madiah. We note that Muhd Munir
and Madiah were both decided in relation to the predecessor provision of s
52(3) of the AMLA, which provided:

Provisions consequent on matrimonial proceedings

...

(3) In any application for divorce the Court may, at any stage of the
proceedings or after a decree or order has been made, make such orders as it
thinks fit with respect to —

(a) the payment of emas kahwin to the wife;

(b) the payment of a consolatory or mutaah to the wife;

(c) the custody, maintenance and education of the minor children of the
parties; and

(d) the disposition or division of property on divorce.

[emphasis added]

Nevertheless, as will be apparent shortly, the difference in wording between
the previous and current version of that provision is not material to our
analysis.

40 In Muhd Munir, the High Court was faced with four separate custody
applications. The parties in all four applications were Muslims and married
under the provisions of Muslim law. In three of the four cases, the parties
were divorced pursuant to decrees of the Syariah Court. In the remaining case,
the parties were divorced by mutual agreement before a kadi and the divorce
was subsequently registered under s 102 of the AMLA as it then stood. The
issue before the court was whether the Syariah Court had exclusive
jurisdiction over the custody applications. At that time, s 16(2) of the SCJA
provided that the High Court had no jurisdiction to hear and try any civil
proceedings which came within the jurisdiction of the Syariah Court. This has
since been replaced by the present s 17A of the SCJA. The complication that
arose was that while s 52(3)(c) of the AMLA as it then was empowered the
Syariah Court to make custody orders, s 35 of the AMLA (which is in material
respects similar to the present s 35 of the AMLA) did not specifically mention
custody as one of the matters over which the Syariah Court was to have
jurisdiction.

41 Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) proceeded to consider the effect of ss
35(2) and 52(3)(c) of the AMLA. In respect of s 35(2), Chan J concluded that
by expressly omitting custody of children as a subject matter, the Legislature
did not intend to confer jurisdiction on the Syariah Court to hear and
determine issues with respect to custody of children. He said as follows at
[20]:

… the expression “jurisdiction” as used in s 16(1) of the SCJA with reference
to the Syariah Court, when read together with s 35 of AMLA, means the
authority of the Syariah Court to exercise any judicial power given by AMLA in
respect of the types of subject matter prescribed by s 35(2) which are,
specifically, marriage, divorce, betrothal, nullity, separation of marriage,
disposition or division of property on divorce or the payment of emas kahwin,
maintenance, and consolatory gifts and mutaah. As custody of children is a
subject matter expressly omitted from s 35(2), I should hold, applying the
expressio unius rule of construction, that the Legislature did not intend to
confer jurisdiction on the Syariah Court to hear and determine issues with
respect to custody of children. [emphasis added]

42 Chan J then went on to consider the effect of s 52(3)(c). He concluded that
the words “in any application for divorce” in s 52(3) meant that the Syariah
Court could only exercise its power under that section in or in connection
with its divorce jurisdiction. In other words, there must have been a divorce
application before the Syariah Court before the powers prescribed in s 52(3)
could be exercised by the Syariah Court; and since in one of the cases, the
divorce had been agreed before a kadi, the Syariah Court in any event could
not exercise those powers in that situation (at [21]–[22]).

43 Muhd Munir was subsequently considered and affirmed by this court in
Madiah. That case involved two Muslim parties who were married in accordance
with Muslim law. They appeared before a kadi and registered a consensual
divorce. No orders were made in respect of their HDB flat because the kadi
lacked the requisite jurisdiction and power. The respondent husband
voluntarily agreed to transfer the flat to the appellant wife. However, the
husband absconded before the intended transfer was effected. The wife then
sought a declaration as to the parties’ respective interest in the flat. One
of the issues which the Court of Appeal considered was whether the High Court
had jurisdiction to hear the matter.

44 The Court of Appeal held that s 35 of the AMLA as it then was only vested
jurisdiction in the Syariah Court where there was a “dispute” relating (among
other things) to the disposition or division of property on divorce. The court
held that there was in fact no “dispute” between the parties, and accordingly,
the Syariah Court had no jurisdiction (at [20]–[21]). Nevertheless, the Court
of Appeal proceeded to consider what the position would be if there was a
dispute over the disposition of property and concluded that the matter would
have to be heard by the High Court rather than by the Syariah Court. This was
because a consensual divorce by a kadi did not require any application to the
Syariah Court at all, and this meant that the Syariah Court was in no position
to exercise its judicial powers under s 52(3). In coming to its decision, the
Court of Appeal considered two Syariah Court decisions, Rahmat bin Slamat v
Rozika bte Nabiwullah Syariah Court Appeal No 273 of 1992 and the appeal from
that case, Appeal No 22 of 1993 (at [29]–[30]):

29 … In the first case of Rahmat bin Slamat v Rozika bte Nabiwullah Syariah
Court Appeal No 273 of 1992, there was a preliminary objection on the ground
that the Syariah Court had no jurisdiction to hear the matter. The issue as
framed was whether the appellant, who had registered a divorce by mutual
consent under s 102(3) of AMLA, could apply to the Syariah Court for an order
with respect to ancillary matters. The President of the Syariah Court, after
referring to the case of Muhd Munir, answered in the negative. He held:

12 Although the Syariah Court under s 35(2) of AMLA had jurisdiction to hear
and determine a dispute relating to the disposition or division of property on
divorce … in the case where the parties had registered their divorce by mutual
consent, there was no occasion for the Syariah Court to exercise its power
under s 52(3) since there was no divorce application before it. For that
matter, there was nothing elsewhere in AMLA that would empower the Syariah
Court to exercise its jurisdiction under s 35(2) in the case where the parties
had registered their divorce by mutual consent.

30 On appeal, the Appeal Board of the Syariah Court in Appeal No 22 of 1993
affirmed the above decision after considering the case of Muhd Munir ([14]
supra) which we shall return to shortly. The Appeal Board held as follows:

6 [T]hough the Syariah Court has under s 35(2) of AMLA jurisdiction to hear
and determine the dispute relating to the disposition or division of property
on a divorce or the payment of (emas kahwin), maintenance and consolatory
gifts in the case where the parties had registered their divorce by mutual
consent, there was no occasion for the Syariah Court to exercise its power
under s 52(3) since there was no divorce application before it and there is no
other provision in the AMLA that empowers the Syariah Court to exercise its
jurisdiction under s 35(2) where the divorce is registered by mutual consent.

[emphasis in original]

45 The Court of Appeal then considered Muhd Munir and held that one of the
pre-conditions to invoking the Syariah Court’s powers under s 52(3) is an
application invoking the Syariah Court’s divorce jurisdiction (at [34]). The
Court of Appeal then concluded that since the divorce was registered by a
kadi, the Syariah Court’s divorce jurisdiction had not been invoked and there
was therefore no basis for the Syariah Court to invoke the powers set out in s
52(3). It went on to hold as follows (at [35]):

… the Syariah Court has no judicial power under AMLA in respect of the
disposition or division of property on divorce, even though this application
concerns one of the subject matters prescribed in s 35(2) of AMLA. Since there
is no occasion for the Syariah Court to exercise its judicial powers, this
leads to an absence of “jurisdiction” under s 16 of the SCJA to deal with the
matter. [emphasis added]

46 It is apparent from the preceding discussion that the position adopted by
both the civil courts and the Syariah Court was that the Syariah Court could
only exercise its powers under the then s 52(3) of the AMLA when there was an
application for divorce before the Syariah Court. As we have noted at [39]
above, s 52(3) was amended on 30 April 1999 pursuant to the Administration of
Muslim Law (Amendment) Act 1999 (No 20 of 1999). Amongst other changes, the
words “In any application for divorce” were deleted and replaced by the words
“for divorce or nullity of marriage”. For ease of reference, we reproduce the
provisions as follows. The old s 52(3) provided:

(3) In any application for divorce the Court may, at any stage of the
proceedings or after a decree or order has been made, make such orders as it
thinks fit with respect to … [emphasis added]

47 In contrast, the amended s 52(3) provided:

(3) The Court may, at any stage of the proceedings for divorce or nullity of
marriage or after making a decree or order for divorce or nullity of marriage,
or after any divorce has been registered whether before or after the
commencement of the Administration of Muslim Law (Amendment) Act 1999 under
section 102, on the application of any party, make such orders as it thinks
fit with respect to … [emphasis added]

48 The question is whether Parliament intended to change this position when it
made these amendments to s 52(3), and specifically, whether Parliament
intended to displace the requirement that there be an application for divorce
before the Syariah Court before it could exercise its powers under s 52(3) of
the AMLA.

49 In our judgment, it is clear that Parliament had no such intention. First,
in respect of the amendments to s 52(3), the Report of the Select Committee on
the Administration of Muslim Law (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 18/98) (Parl 9 of
1999, 10 February 1999) made no observation regarding the removal of the words
“In any application for divorce”. The Committee instead focused on the
insertion of the words “nullity of marriage”, and stated that those words were
inserted for the following reasons (at p iv):

(2) Nullity of Marriage

17 A representor cited a recent case in the Syariah Court where an issue arose
as to whether a man could apply to nullify his marriage, and whether the
Syariah Court has jurisdiction to deal with ancillary matters arising from
nullification of marriage. The Syariah Court has all along treated
applications of nullification of marriage by men and the ancillary matters
arising from nullification as being under its jurisdiction. The present AMLA
however is not explicit on these matters, and seems to only allow women to
apply for nullification of marriage. Under Islam, a man can do so if his
spouse renounces the religion or if the marriage was not solemnised according
to the strict Syariah requirements. To avoid any doubt, the Committee
recommends that the Bill be amended to give explicit powers to the Syariah
Court to hear an application by a man to nullify his marriage and to deal with
ancillary issues arising from nullity of marriage in accordance with Syariah
law.

50 Considering the clauses of the Bill in succession, the Committee observed
(at p E7–8):

Concern has been expressed that there is no explicit provision in the AMLA for
the Syariah Court to make orders on ancillary issues arising out of
nullification of marriage. To avoid uncertainty, amendments (2) and (3) [which
insert the words “or nullity of marriage” and “or nullification of marriage”]
seek to clarify that the Court has powers to make such orders.

51 Indeed, the issue of whether the Syariah Court’s powers under s 52(3) of
the AMLA may be exercised only upon an application for divorce in the Syariah
Court was never discussed. The Parliamentary Debates in respect of the
Administration of Muslim Law (Amendment) Bill 1999 were also silent on this
issue (see Second Reading of the Administration of Muslim Law (Amendment) Bill
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (30 June 1998) vol 69) and
Third Reading of the Administration of Muslim Law (Amendment) Bill (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (15 April 1999) vol 70)). These all
militate against the conclusion that the amendment to s 52(3) of the AMLA had
anything to do with changing the position as to when recourse could be had to
the Syariah Court’s power under that section.

52 Second, the words “after making a decree or order for divorce or nullity of
marriage” [emphasis added] in s 52(3) of the AMLA suggest that it must be the
Syariah Court making the decree or order that can exercise the powers under s
52(3). It would be more internally consistent with the rest of the provision
to read s 52(3) of the AMLA as requiring the “proceedings for divorce or
nullity of marriage” to be before the Syariah Court as well. In our judgment,
the removal of the words “In any application for divorce” pursuant to the 1999
amendments was nothing more than a drafting change to more elegantly extend
the provision to cover cases of nullification in addition to divorces rather
than to bring about any change to the substantive law as to whether those
powers could be exercised aside from where there were divorce (or, after 1999,
nullification) proceedings before the Syariah Court.

53 The position reflected in Mohd Munir and Madiah therefore continues to
apply. The Syariah Court can only exercise its powers under s 52(3) of the
AMLA if there are proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage before the
Syariah Court, or if the Syariah Court had granted a decree or order for
divorce or nullity of marriage. Turning to the facts of the present case, it
is clear that there are no proceedings for divorce before the Syariah Court
given that the parties’ divorce was obtained from the Johor court. Since the
Syariah Court’s divorce jurisdiction is not engaged, it is not entitled to
invoke its powers under s 52(3) to grant the orders sought in the present
application.

Whether the High Court may grant relief

54 In our judgment, it follows that the High Court will have residual
jurisdiction over the application pursuant to ss 16 and 17 of the SCJA (see
above at [25]). We emphasise that the High Court is not assuming jurisdiction
pursuant to s 17A(2) of the SCJA. Section 17A(2) only confers concurrent
jurisdiction on the High Court in respect of matters over which the Syariah
Court has jurisdiction. But that is not the case here since, as we have
observed, the Syariah Court does not have jurisdiction. Accordingly, ss 17A(7)
and (8) of the SCJA, which are predicated upon the High Court taking
jurisdiction under s 17A(2), are inapplicable to the present case.

55 The Wife presently seeks relief pursuant to s 121G of the Women’s Charter,
which is found in Part X, Chapter 4A of the Women’s Charter. Although s 3(2)
of the Women’s Charter, on its face, excludes the application of Part X to
parties married under Muslim law, as we have noted at [33] above, the
exclusion only applies when the Syariah Court has jurisdiction over the
matter. Given that the Syariah Court has no jurisdiction over the present
application, in the sense that it is not in a position to exercise its
judicial power to divide the matrimonial assets in this case pursuant to s
52(3) of the AMLA, the exclusion under s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter does not
apply at all. The High Court is therefore empowered to grant relief under s
121G of the Women’s Charter, including an order for division of matrimonial
assets.

56 To find otherwise would lead to the unsatisfactory position where the Wife
would be unable to obtain matrimonial relief from the Syariah Court because
the AMLA does not confer jurisdiction on it for the purpose of seeking reliefs
that are consequential upon her divorce (due to the divorce having been
decreed by the court in Johor). If she also was unable to obtain matrimonial
relief from the High Court on the basis that s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter
prevents the court from exercising its powers under s 121G of the Women’s
Charter, both courts would be powerless and this would entitle the Husband to
avoid having the parties’ matrimonial property in Singapore divided simply by
obtaining his divorce overseas. We do not think that Parliament intended such
an anomalous result.

57 It was suggested by the District Judge that two alternative remedies remain
available to the Wife. The first is that she could apply to set aside the
Johor divorce on the basis that it was obtained without her participation and
apply for a fresh divorce in Singapore (or argue that the Johor divorce should
not be recognised and apply for a fresh divorce in Singapore). The second is
that she could apply for the relief she presently seeks from the Johor court
and then attempt to enforce that order in Singapore. There are, however,
significant difficulties with both options.

58 In our judgment, the first option is no longer open to the Wife. This is
because the Wife appears to have participated in the Johor divorce proceedings
by filing contempt proceedings against the Husband in the Johor Sharia Court
and obtaining custody of her two children while the Husband was incarcerated
(see [5] above). She had also engaged counsel to represent her in the
proceedings then. Furthermore, the Wife obtained relief in the form of nafkah
iddah and mutaah from the Syariah Court in Singapore on the basis of the Johor
divorce (nafkah iddah and mutaah under ss 51(2) and 52(2) of the AMLA may only
be granted when the woman to a Muslim marriage has been divorced) (see [6]
above). The Wife has therefore either waived her right to challenge or is
estopped from challenging the validity of the Johor divorce.

59 In respect of the second option, the assets the Wife presently seeks to
divide are a Johor property, the HDB Flat, the rental yield from the HDB Flat,
the sale proceeds of another Johor property and the Husband’s CPF monies (see
[7] above). It is a well-established rule that foreign orders affecting
immovable property are orders in rem and generally have no effect on rights in
property situated outside the jurisdiction of the court granting the order
(ie, the lex situs rule) (see Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 6(2)
(LexisNexis, 2016) at para 75.243). Therefore, a Johor court order that
purported to divide the HDB Flat and the Husband’s CPF monies may well not be
enforceable in Singapore.

60 Indeed, it was difficulties of this nature that Parliament sought to
resolve with the introduction of Chapter 4A of the Women’s Charter, pursuant
to which the High Court was empowered to order financial relief consequent
upon divorces granted by overseas courts where these are recognised as valid
in Singapore. During the Second Reading of the Women’s Charter (Amendment)
Bill, the Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports, Dr Vivian
Balakrishnan, stated (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (10
January 2011) vol 87 at cols 2048–2049):

Lastly, a new Chapter 4A of Part X will be introduced in the Charter to
empower the Singapore courts to provide financial relief for divorces granted
in overseas courts which are also recognised in Singapore. Under the present
law, the Singapore court has power to grant important ancillary financial
orders for maintenance of the ex-spouse and children and for the division of
matrimonial assets if the parties obtain a divorce from a Singapore court, but
not if they have already obtained a divorce overseas. Sir, with the increasing
number of Singaporeans working and residing overseas and increasing marriages
between locals and foreigners, this proposed provision will help those who are
made vulnerable by foreign divorces and who have a relevant connection to
Singapore to seek relief.

Let me give Members an example: A Singaporean woman who marries a foreigner
and then lives in a matrimonial home in Singapore. Suppose the foreign spouse
then obtains a divorce from a foreign court which is recognised in Singapore
but for some reason makes no financial provisions. Currently, the Singaporean
spouse will have no financial remedy in Singapore because the Singapore courts
do not have the power to make such ancillary orders. With this new Chapter,
the courts here will be able to make orders on matrimonial assets in Singapore
and the maintenance for divorces that were obtained in foreign courts. This
will plug an existing gap. The related amendments will also be made to the
Central Provident Fund Act to effect this, as CPF monies may constitute part
of the matrimonial assets to be divided between parties.

[emphasis added]

There is nothing to suggest that Parliament intended to provide this remedial
measure only to non-Muslims.

61 Finally, we touch on an aspect of the decision in Madiah which involved a
situation similar to the present case in that the Syariah Court was found not
to have jurisdiction over the dispute because the parties’ divorce was
effected by a kadi and did not involve any divorce application to the Syariah
Court. The dispute was found to fall within the High Court’s jurisdiction.
However, the Court of Appeal held that the Women’s Charter could not apply
because the parties were Muslim (at [40]). Although this was not expressly
stated, we presume the Court of Appeal was influenced by s 3(2) of the Women’s
Charter in coming to this conclusion. The Court of Appeal proceeded to divide
the matrimonial property according to the general principles of trust. We
note, however, that the purpose of s 3(2) of the Women’s Charter had not been
considered in that case. Given the analysis we have set out above as to the
proper interpretation of s 3(2), we would respectfully depart from the
approach adopted in Madiah in this regard.

Conclusion

62 In the circumstances, we allow the appeal. In the light of our findings
above, the matter is to be remitted to the Judge to decide the orders to be
granted, if any. We make no order as to the costs of the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang

Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Mohamed Ibrahim and Sri Balan s/o Krishnan (ACHIEVERS LLC) for the appellant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

