Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 5

Suit No 1090 of 2016

Between

Siva Industries and Holdings Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Foreguard Shipping I Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure – Security for Costs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Siva Industries and Holdings Ltd

  
v

  

Foreguard Shipping I Singapore Pte Ltd

  

[2017] SGHCR 5

High Court — Suit No 1090 of 2016 (Summons No 301 of 2017)  
Paul Tan AR  
29 March 2017  

27 April 2017

Paul Tan AR

1 The present application is brought by the Defendant for an order that the
Plaintiff provide security for costs pursuant to O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) and s 388 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). I heard the parties on 29 March 2017 on the issue of
whether the Plaintiff should be made to provide security and reserved my
decision. I now give my decision.

Introduction

2 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in India. The Defendant is a company
incorporated in Singapore. The Plaintiff’s claim against the Defendant is
pursuant to a deed of counter-guarantee dated 28 September 2012 that the
parties entered into.

3 The law on how the Court will approach an application for security for costs
pursuant to O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC or under s 388 of the Companies Act is
trite and is set out in Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and
another [1999] 1 SLR(R) 112 at [13],

… There is, of course, a difference in the wordings of the two provisions, but
the difference lies in the condition to be satisfied before the respective
provisions can be invoked. Under O 23 r 1(1)(a) the condition which has to be
satisfied before the court proceeds to exercise its discretion is: if it
appears to the court that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction. On the other hand, under s 388 the condition is as follows: if
it appears by credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the
plaintiff company will be unable to pay the costs of the defendant if
successful in his defence. Once the condition under the respective provision
is satisfied, the court’s discretion is invoked, and in exercise of that
discretion the court decides whether or not to order security for costs
against the plaintiff. In such an event, whether the discretion is one under O
23 r 1(1)(a) or under s 388 the same principles are applicable: the court
considers all the circumstances and decide whether it is just to order the
plaintiff to provide security for costs and the extent of such security. It is
true that O 23 r 1(1)(a) spells out expressly that “if, having regard to all
the circumstances of the case, it is just to do so”, the court may order the
plaintiff to give security for the defendant’s costs, whereas s 388 is silent
in that respect. However, such words are implicit in the latter provision. The
making of an order for security for costs under s 388 is a matter of
discretion and in exercising its discretion the court will have regard to all
the relevant circumstances and considers whether it is just to make the order.

4 In considering whether the court should order security to be provided by the
Plaintiff, I would need to determine:

(a) first, whether the court’s discretion to order security for costs under O
23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC and s 388 of the Companies Act has been invoked; and

(b) secondly, whether it is just to order security for costs having regard to
all the relevant circumstances.

5 There is no dispute that the Plaintiff is ordinarily resident outside of
jurisdiction for the purposes of O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC. This in itself is
not conclusive but means that the Court’s jurisdiction to order security under
O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC has been invoked. Turning to the Court’s
jurisdiction under s 388 of the Companies Act, the Plaintiff disputes that
there is any reason to believe that it would be unable to pay the costs of the
Defendant if the Defendant is successful in its defence such that the Court’s
jurisdiction under s 388 of the Companies Act is invoked. The Plaintiff also
stresses that the Defence is co-extensive with the Counterclaim made by the
Defendant.

6 I turn first to the question of whether the Plaintiff is impecunious because
this is a threshold issue under s 388 of the Companies Act and a relevant
factor as to whether the Court’s discretion under O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the ROC
should be exercised.

Is the Plaintiff impecunious?

7 The Defendant asserts that the Plaintiff is impecunious and relies on the
Plaintiff’s standalone financial statements as at 31 March 2016 (the
“Standalone Accounts”), exhibited by the Plaintiff in the 5th affidavit of
Shankar Varadharajan. The Defendant says that while the balance sheet appears
to show a net asset position of INR 2,50,509 lakhs or approximately US$379m,
the Plaintiff’s true net asset value is a deficit of US$459m.

8 The Defendant highlights that the Plaintiff’s auditors have qualified their
opinion of the Standalone Accounts and thus the Plaintiff’s net asset position
stated in the balance sheet cannot be taken at face value. In their opinion,
the Plaintiff’s auditors issued the following qualifications:

(a) They were unable to comment on the completeness of interest and penal
interest that may need to be included in the financial statements as of 31
March 2016 and stated that if such interest were included, the shareholders’
funds would have been reduced by INR 45,060 lakhs (US$68m).

(b) The Plaintiff’s non-current investment in several wholly owned overseas
companies totalling INR 1,53,601 lakhs had been fully eroded and the Plaintiff
had not provided for this permanent diminution in the value of the
investments. The shareholders’ funds should have been reduced by INR 1,53,601
lakhs (US$232m).

(c) The auditors noted that there were several trade receivables that were
outstanding for more than six months amounting to INR 10,081 lakhs, but stated
that they could not comment on the adjustments that may be necessary to the
values of the receivables.

9 The Defendant further highlights that there were two major sources of
liabilities that were not reflected in the balance sheet. The first is an
arbitral award involving the Plaintiff wherein the liability apportioned to
the Plaintiff amounted to INR 69,400 lakhs (the “NTT Docomo Award”). However,
as the Plaintiff was appealing against the arbitral award in the Delhi High
Court, the Plaintiff’s auditors noted that no provision was made for it in the
Standalone Accounts.

10 The second is an arbitral award rendered by a tribunal on 14 October 2015
pursuant to arbitral proceedings brought by Masdar Energy Limited against the
Plaintiff in London (the “Masdar Award”). The plaintiff in the arbitral
proceedings filed High Court Originating Summons No 592 of 2016 (“OS 592”) for
leave to enforce the Masdar Award in Singapore and for judgment to be entered
in accordance with the terms of the Masdar Award. Leave was granted on 14 June
2016 by the Singapore High Court and while, the Plaintiff applied to set aside
the order giving leave to enforce the Masdar Award, it subsequently withdrew
the application. As such, the order of court made on 14 June 2016 remains
valid and binding on the Plaintiff in Singapore. There is no mention of the
Masdar Award in the Standalone Accounts at all despite the award being
rendered on 14 October 2015. The Defendant’s counsel argues that this amounts
to material non-disclosure by the Plaintiff and its directors to its auditors.

11 The Defendant’s counsel submits that when one considers the auditors’
qualifications to the Standalone accounts together with the NTT Docomo and
Masdar awards, the Plaintiff’s true net asset position is a deficit of
US$459m, indicating that the Plaintiff is impecunious.

12 The Plaintiff’s position is that even if its auditors’ qualifications are
accounted for and given full effect, it still has a net asset value of INR
41,767 lakhs or US$63m. Plaintiff’s counsel submits that the Plaintiff does
not recognise the NTT Docomo Award or the Masdar Award as a debt or liability.
Counsel submits that given that the Plaintiff was appealing the NTT Docomo
Award to the Delhi High Court, it is not a recognised debt or liability.
Further, the Plaintiff did not take part in the arbitral proceedings leading
to the Masdar Award and until leave has been given to enforce the Masdar Award
in India, it was not a liability on the books of the Plaintiff.

13 I find the Plaintiff’s argument untenable. While the NTT Docomo Award is
being appealed before the Delhi High Court, there is no evidence before me
stating that the award is not valid and binding on the Plaintiff. The
Standalone Accounts do not explain why no provision has been made for the NTT
Docomo Award save that it was being appealed.

14 The argument with regard to the Masdar Award is even more tenuous given
that there is a valid and binding Singapore order of court giving leave to
enforce the Masdar Award as if it were a Singapore judgment and for judgment
to be entered against the Plaintiff in the terms of the Masdar Award. I do not
see how simply because the Plaintiff refuses to recognise a valid Singapore
order of court, there is no liability on the Plaintiff. This is especially
when the Plaintiff applied to set aside the order giving leave to enforce the
Masdar Award but then chose to withdraw the application. In my view, I do not
see any reason why either the NTT Docomo Award or the Masdar Award should be
discounted in considering the liabilities against the Plaintiff.

15 I note that the Defendant’s counsel submits that there are several
unexpired guarantees provided by the Plaintiff in respect of several other
entities including subsidiaries and associate companies. These guarantees
amounts to INR 201,532 lakhs or US$305m. However, as the Plaintiff’s counsel
points out, these are contingent liabilities that have not crystallised. There
is no evidence before me to show that there is either a likelihood that these
contingent liabilities have crystallised or are likely to crystallise. As
such, I do not think that these unexpired guarantees should be included in
considering the liabilities of the Plaintiff.

16 Given the Plaintiff’s stated net asset value of INR 250,509 lakhs or
US$379m, after providing for the qualifications by the Plaintiff’s auditors
and the NTT Docomo and Masdar Awards, it would appear that the Plaintiff’s
true net asset value is in fact a deficit of US$155m. In my view, based on the
evidence before me, there is good reason to believe that the Plaintiff will be
unable to pay the Defendant’s costs in the event that the Defendant succeeds
in his Defence.

Should the Court exercise its discretion to order security for costs?

Overlap between the Defence and Counterclaim

17 While the Plaintiff raises several reasons as to why the court should not
exercise its discretion to order security, its main plank is that the
Defendant’s Defence substantially overlaps with its Counterclaim. It is not
disputed before me that the Counterclaim not only subsumes the Defence but is
also wider than the Defence.

18 The Plaintiff argues that the Court of Appeal’s decision in Jurong Town
Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 427 (“JTC”), affirmed in the recent
Court of Appeal decision of SIC College of Business and Technology Pte Ltd v
Yeo Poh Siah and others [2016] 2 SLR 118 (“SIC”), albeit in obiter, militates
against the court ordering security to be provided where there is substantial
overlap between the Defence and the Counterclaim.

19 The Defendant highlights that in situations where the Plaintiff is an
impecunious corporation, the legislative intent and public policy under s 388
of the Companies Act lean in favour of the court ordering security to be
provided (see Frantonios Marine Services Pte Ltd and another v Kay Swee Tuan
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 224 (“Frantonios”) at [55] and Ho Wing On Christopher and
others v ECRC Land Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2006] 4 SLR(R) 817 (“ECRC”) at
[72]).

20 The Defendant submits that if an impecunious plaintiff was not ordered to
provide security for costs, the defendant in that case would be in a “lose-
lose” situation, a position noted by the English Court at first instance in
Autoweld Systems Ltd v Kito Enterprises LLC [2010] EWCA Civ 1469 (“Autoweld”)
at [38].

21 The Defendant further submits that JTC was distinguishable because the
plaintiff in that matter was not impecunious unlike in the present case. It
also highlights that in B J Crabtree (Insulation) Ltd v GPT Communication
Systems Ltd (1990) 59 BLR 43 (“Crabtree”), which was cited in both JTC and
SIC, there were other factors militating against the ordering of security for
costs. Defendant’s Counsel highlighted that in Crabtree,

(a) the English Court of Appeal was not entirely satisfied that the plaintiff
was impecunious;

(b) the plaintiff was a small company and there was a risk that the
application for security was being brought to oppress the plaintiff;

(c) the ordering of security would cause serious burden to the plaintiff; and

(d) the directors of the plaintiff had given undertakings not to seek
repayment or to be paid from their current accounts with the plaintiff until
the conclusion of the trial of the action or further action.

22 With respect to the attempts made by the Defendant’s Counsel to distinguish
Crabtree, while the aforementioned factors had indeed been mentioned by the
court in Crabtree, they do not provide a complete picture. For example, while
Bingham LJ (as he then was) states at 49 that he was “not entirely satisfied
that the court is shown to have jurisdiction”, he goes on to say that he was
“unwilling to hold that it has not”. In fact, he expressly stated that he
“accordingly assume[d] in the defendant’s favour that the court has
jurisdiction to make an order for security if persuaded that that is the right
order to make.”

23 The real issue that appears to weigh on the English Court of Appeal’s mind
was the effect of an order for security in that case. This is reinforced by
Parker LJ’s observations at 55:

… Here the situation is that, if the money is not paid into court and the
plaintiff’s claim is therefore stayed, the defendant will still raise issues
on the counterclaim which are precisely the same as the issues which he would
raise on the claim. …

Hence, while several other points were raised, the weighty factor in Crabtree
was the issue of the claim being co-extensive with the counterclaim. This
appears to also be the Court of Appeal’s reading of the case as seen from its
observations in SIC at [82].

24 The Plaintiff and Defendant’s positions highlight the tension between two
competing considerations when the court considers whether to order security
for costs where the Plaintiff is an impecunious corporation but there is
substantial overlap between the Defence and the Counterclaim. The following
considerations pull in different directions:

(a) the express recognition that impecunious companies do not have an
unfettered freedom to commence legal actions against defendants who cannot be
compensated in costs if they win; and

(b) that it is often inappropriate to award security for costs where the
Defence and Counterclaim substantially overlap.

25 There are two principles undergirding the factor to be considered at
[24(b)] above,

(a) first, where the defence overlaps substantially with the counterclaim, the
costs incurred by the defendant in defending itself may equally, and perhaps
preferably, be regarded as costs necessary to prosecute its counterclaim
(Crabtree at 53 cited with approval in JTC at [20]); and

(b) secondly, ordering security for costs in such a situation may result in a
plaintiff succeeding in his defence to the counterclaim by relying on the same
issues he raised in his main claim, and after having “incurred all the costs
required to bring that claim to judgment in the prosecution of his defence of
the … counterclaim” he may still be unable to secure judgment on his claim
(Dumrul v Standard Chartered Bank [2010] CLC 661 (“Dumrul”) at [18] cited with
approval in SIC at [84]).

26 I propose to deal with the second principle first.

27 In SIC, the Court of Appeal noted that the plaintiff was impecunious and
there was no question that the court had jurisdiction to order security for
costs under s 388 of the Companies Act. However, the Court of Appeal
highlighted that where the Plaintiff is impecunious and the claim and
counterclaim raise the same issues, ordering security for costs may give rise
to an unfair result for the reasons at [25(b)] above. I should pause here to
note that while the present case involved a situation where the Defence and
the Counterclaim overlapped, the Court of Appeal in SIC noted at [82] that
similar reasons apply.

28 However, while the Court of Appeal remarked that it would normally not be
just to order security for costs in such situations, it went on to state at
[83] that the prejudice of the plaintiff being limited in the continuing
litigation may be offset by the possibility that there may be no continuing
litigation at all (see also Autoweld at [60]).

29 This is a point that was considered by the English court in Dumrul at [15]
where it had been conceded by the plaintiff’s counsel that if the defendant
withdrew or undertook to withdraw its counterclaim, the problem of a one-sided
litigation presented by the defendant’s counterclaim would be removed, and
there would be no objection to an order for security on this basis. In fact in
Dumrul, despite the English court noting that the claim and counterclaim
substantially raised the same issues, the court eventually ordered that the
plaintiff provide security for costs on condition that the defendant is
prepared to undertake to consent to the dismissal of the counterclaim in the
event of the plaintiff’s claims being dismissed for failure to put up security
(Dumrul at [72]). The English court, in reaching that decision, held at [20]
that in such situations, a “security for costs order should only be made if
the [defendant] is prepared to undertake to consent to the dismissal of the
counterclaim in the event of the Claimant’s claim being dismissed for failure
to put up security (Dumrul at [20]).

30 During the hearing before me, the Defendant’s Counsel adopted this position
and informed me that the Defendant was willing to give an undertaking to
discontinue the counterclaim against the Plaintiff if the Plaintiff’s claim is
struck out for failure to provide security for costs. I think this would
address the prejudice that is highlighted by the Court of Appeal in SIC at
[84]. If the counterclaim against the Plaintiff was discontinued on the
Plaintiff’s claim being struck out for failure to provide security for costs,
there is no danger that the Plaintiff would incur all the costs required to
bring that claim to judgment in the prosecution of his defence of the
counterclaim and still be unable to secure judgment on his claim. In my view,
that would be a reasonable solution to the tension between protecting
defendants who face the likelihood that they will not recover their costs if
successful in their defence and ensuring that a plaintiff will not be placed
in a situation where it incurs all the costs required to prosecute its claim
in defending a counterclaim and is still not able to enter judgment on their
claim.

31 The Plaintiff’s Counsel submits that the undertaking does not entirely
negate the prejudice to the Plaintiff if its claim is struck out. He argues
that if the Defendant succeeds in the counterclaim against the other
defendants in counterclaim, those defendants in counterclaim may in turn sue
the Plaintiff. However, I see no merit in this argument because of the
following reasons:

(a) first, it is not clear to me on what basis the defendants in counterclaim
would sue the Plaintiff;

(b) secondly, the argument made by the Plaintiff’s counsel is premised on the
Defendant succeeding in its counterclaim, any cause of action that the
defendants in counterclaim would have against the Plaintiff would be
independent; and

(c) thirdly, if sued, the Plaintiff may well seek security for its costs from
the defendants in counterclaim.

32 The Plaintiff’s Counsel further submits that the undertaking does not
completely deal with the issue of the overlap because even if the counterclaim
is discontinued against the Plaintiff, the Defendant’s Counsel has stated that
the discontinuation would only be against the Plaintiff and there are other
defendants in the counterclaim. The Plaintiff submits that if the Defendant
proceeds with the counterclaim against the other defendants in counterclaim,
it will be incurring the same set of costs as it would take to advance its
defence as to prosecute the counterclaim so there are no additional costs to
be considered. This deals with the principle stated at [25(a)] above.

33 In JTC, the Court of Appeal held that at [19] that where the defence and
counterclaim are launched from the same platform, the time and work required
for the trial of the counterclaim would be substantially the same. Costs
incurred in defending the action could be regarded as costs necessary to
prosecute the counterclaim. Indeed, granting security in this situation could
amount to indirectly aiding JTC to pursue its counterclaim.

34 However, there are several distinguishing points to note. In JTC, there was
no issue of the plaintiff being impecunious. As noted by the Court of Appeal
at [22], the defendant’s counsel had submitted that the plaintiff was not
impecunious. As such the Court of Appeal did not have the opportunity to
consider its decision in the light of the plaintiff being an impecunious
corporation. In such a situation, the English court in Autoweld noted that the
defendant was in a “lose/lose situation”, where if no order for security were
to be made, the defendant may find that in succeeding in its defence, it is at
very serious risk of both not being able to recover any damages that may be
awarded on the counterclaim, and of not recovering its own costs in the
litigation (see Autoweld at [38]). This was further emphasised by the English
Court of Appeal in Autoweld where it held at [59]:

59\. A very material factor in this case was the financial situation of the
claimant. The judge accepted, and was entitled to accept on the material
before him, that if the defendant successfully defended the claim they would
be at very serious risk of not recovering any damages on their counterclaim.
The defendant had not begun the litigation nor was there anything in this case
(in contrast to the The Silver Fir, Petromin, and B J Crabtree) to lead one to
suppose that they were about to do so when the claimants brought their claim.
The risk identified in the defendant's own submission to Judge Langan QC and
accepted by the judge was a very good reason why they would not have taken
that step. Faced with the reality of a claim, they responded to the
proceedings by pleading the entirety of the claims which they considered open
to them but that does not, in my judgment, amount on these facts to advancing
a counterclaim with an independent vitality of its own. It must be borne in
mind that the design of the rules is to protect a defendant (or a claimant
placed in a similar position by a counterclaim) who is forced into litigation
at the election of someone else against adverse costs consequences of that
litigation.

35 I am of the view that while the fact that a Defence substantially overlaps
with a Counterclaim remains a critical factor as held by the Court of Appeal
in JTC, it also needs to be weighed in context of the entire factual matrix.
As the English Court of Appeal in Crabtree held at 49,

… It cannot be too firmly emphasised that there can be no rule of thumb as to
the grant or refusal of an order for security …

This is a point that is also stressed by the Court of Appeal in SIC at [76],

Like in most matters involving the exercise of discretion, the appropriate
decision often rests on a nuanced appreciation of the factual matrix in the
totality of the instant case. …

36 Where a plaintiff is impecunious, the legislative intent and public policy
articulated under s 388 of the Companies Act may weigh more in favour of
ordering security for costs even though there may be a risk that this could
amount to indirectly aiding a defendant in pursuing its counterclaim. It
should be noted that before me there is no evidence that the Defendant
intended to initiate legal proceedings against the Plaintiff until the
Plaintiff brought the present action.

37 Further, where a defendant undertakes to discontinue its counterclaim if
the plaintiff’s claim is struck out for failure to provide security, the
prejudice to the plaintiff is offset by the possibility that there may be no
continuing litigation at all (see Autoweld at [60]).

Delay

38 The Plaintiff also submits that the application was made belatedly and for
past costs. The Plaintiff asserts that the Defendant had failed to apply for
security for costs at the earliest opportunity. However, I do not see how
there has been any delay in the present matter given that the Plaintiff filed
its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) on 6 December 2016 and the present
application was filed on 20 January 2017. Further, the Defendant’s Counsel had
written to Plaintiff’s Counsel as early as 23 December 2016 asking if the
Plaintiff would provide security for costs and it was the Plaintiff’s Counsel
who, on 30 December 2016, sought an extension of time to reply within 14 days,
and sent a reply only on 6 January 2017, two weeks before the Defendant filed
this application. I do not see how there was any delay on the Defendant’s part
in filing this application.

The merits of the claim

39 Next, the Plaintiff submits that security for costs should not be ordered
as the Defence and Counterclaim is weak and unsubstantiated by the
contemporaneous documents available. However, as the Court in Frantonios held
at [46], citing with approval, Kufaan Publishing Limited v Al-Warrak
Publishing Limited 2000 WL 491488 at [33]:

It is equally clear that, in the course of the balancing exercise, the court
will not have regard to the merits of the action in the sense of the claimant
company’s prospects of success unless there appears to be a high degree of
probability in one direction or the other.

The Court in Frantonios added at [49] that,

… Unless the evidence was so plainly, clearly and overwhelmingly in favour of
the plaintiffs, and unless I could readily discern from the available evidence
before me that the plaintiffs would have a high degree of probability of
succeeding in their claim against the defendant, then that factor could
properly be weighed in the balance. …

40 Prior to hearing this application I heard Summons Nos 5834 of 2016 and 5931
of 2016, which were the Plaintiff’s applications for summary judgment and for
striking out of the defence respectively. After hearing parties over the
course of what was essentially full day hearings in each application, I
granted unconditional leave to defend and dismiss the striking out
application. The issues raised are complex and involve questions of foreign
law. I do not think that this would be an appropriate case to consider the
weakness of the Defence as a factor.

Difficulty in enforcing cost orders against the Plaintiff

41 The Defendant submits that given that the Plaintiff is resident outside of
jurisdiction and in India, this is a factor that favours a grant of security
for costs. This is a point noted in Zhong Da Chemical Development Co Ltd v
Lanco Industries Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1017 (“Zhong Da”) where the Court held at
[19] that it agreed with the position taken by Professor Jeffrey Pinsler in
his book, Singapore Court Practice 2006 (LexisNexis, 2006) (at p 596), as
follows:

Ideally, the defendant should not be required to experience the inconvenience
and expense of enforcing his judgment in a different jurisdiction. Nor should
his entitlement to costs be delayed by the process of enforcement and lengthy
procedures which might operate in the foreign jurisdiction. In these
circumstances, the defendant would certainly be in a more unfavourable
position than if the plaintiff had provided the necessary funds to cover the
defendant’s costs. There is also the risk that enforcement in the foreign
forum might be successfully challenged so that the defendant is not only
deprived of his costs, but incurs additional expense (on the process for
reciprocal enforcement) without gain.

Accordingly, the availability of the process for the enforcement of judgments
in the plaintiff’s jurisdiction – even when there exists a reciprocal
arrangement for the enforcement of judgments between that jurisdiction and the
jurisdiction of the suit – should never be a conclusive factor against the
provision of security.

For completeness, I note that Professor Pinsler continues to take this
position in the 2017 edition of his book (at pp 1053-1054).

42 The Defendant’s Counsel further highlights that the Plaintiff’s refusal to
recognise the Singapore order giving leave to enforce the Masdar Award even as
a debt is an indicator as to how it will force the Defendant to try and
enforce any costs orders award in Singapore in India. In this respect, I note
that there is no evidence before me that the Plaintiff has any assets within
jurisdiction against which the Defendant may enforce any costs orders in its
favour.

43 The Plaintiff argues that India is a Commonwealth country and there is a
reciprocal arrangement for the enforcement of judgments between Singapore and
India. However, it is the fact that the Defendant would be put to cost in
trying to enforce cost orders awarded in Singapore in India, through an
enforcement process that may well outstrip the value of the costs orders, that
favours ordering security for costs. Further, Professor Pinsler highlights in
Singapore Court Practice 2017 (LexisNexis, 2017) (at 1054),

..There is also the risk that enforcement in the foreign forum might be
successfully challenged so that the defendant is not only deprived of his
costs, but incurs additional expense (on the process for reciprocal
enforcement) without gain…

44 I agree with the decision in Zhong Da that the fact that a plaintiff has no
assets within jurisdiction for a successful defendant to try and enforce any
costs orders against is a factor in favour of ordering security for costs not
withstanding that there is a reciprocal agreement between India and Singapore
for the enforcement of orders.

Conclusion

45 Taking into consideration the factors stated above, in particular the fact
that that the Plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction with no
assets within jurisdiction coupled with there being reason to believe that the
Plaintiff will not be able to pay the Defendant’s costs if it is successful in
its defence, I am of the view that it would be just in the present case to
order that the Plaintiff provide security for the Defendant’s costs. This
order is made on the condition that the Defendant gives a written undertaking
to discontinue its counterclaim against the Plaintiff if the Plaintiff’s claim
is struck out for failure to provide security, with such condition to apply to
any future increase in security for costs as well.

46 I wish to record my gratitude to both sets of counsel for their assistance
in arriving at this decision.

47 I will hear parties on the quantum of security and the mode such security
will be provided as well as costs.

Paul Tan  
Assistant Registrar

Samuel Chacko and Toh Fang Yi (Legis Point LLC) for the Plaintiff;  
Calvin Liang and Stephanie Teh (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the Defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

