Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 116

Suit No 1338 of 2016

(Registrar’s Appeal No 116 of 2017)

Between

Champion Management Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Kee Onn Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Rejoinder]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Champion Management Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Kee Onn Engineering Pte Ltd

  

[2017] SGHC 116

High Court — Suit No 1338 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 116 of 2017)  
Foo Chee Hock JC  
16 May 2017

24 May 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 This registrar’s appeal concerned Kee Onn Engineering Pte Ltd’s (“Kee Onn”)
application for leave to file a rejoinder (“Proposed Rejoinder”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

SUM 1387/2017.

I pause here to note that leave should have been sought to serve, as opposed
to file, the Proposed Rejoinder: see O 18 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). But as the point was not taken, I move on. At the
hearing below, Kee Onn’s application was dismissed by the assistant registrar.
Dissatisfied with the decision, Kee Onn filed the present appeal, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

RA 116/2017.

which I dismissed at the end of the hearing before me.

2 I noted that such applications did not find their way into many case files:
see Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2017) (“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para 18/4/1. I also observed
that pleadings had of late bloated in length while withering in clarity, and
rejoinders were an aspect of the problem of ensuring that issues were
delineated in pleadings with efficiency and lucidity. Kee Onn’s application
was therefore deserving of closer examination, and I now set out the reasons
for my decision.

3 The heart of the dispute, which was situated in the context of a case
involving a contract for renovation works (Suit 1338 of 2016), 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 3–11.

may be distilled as follows. In paragraphs 11- and 12 of its amended statement
of claim, Champion Management Pte Ltd (“Champion”) averred that the variation
orders (“VOs”) submitted by Kee Onn had not been agreed to by Champion and
that Kee Onn had not carried out the alleged variation works. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 7-–8; SOC (Amendment No 1) dated 15 Mar 2017 at paras
11–12.

In its defence (“Defence”), Kee Onn traversed these allegations and
essentially took the position that the VOs had been agreed 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence dated 13 Jan 2017 at paras 14(a) and 14(b).

and that the variation works had been completed or substantially completed. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence dated 13 Jan 2017 at para 14(c).

Thereafter, in the reply (“Reply”), Champion pleaded two e-mails (which had
appeared in the amended statement of claim) to show that the VOs had not been
approved and the variation works had not commenced. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Reply dated 27 Jan 2017 at paras 5(3)(i) and 5(3)(ii).

Kee Onn then sought leave to file the Proposed Rejoinder to respond to the
Reply. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Proposed Rejoinder at pp 10–12 of Lee Chee Seng’s affidavit.

4 Before me, the arguments ranged back and forth. On the one hand, Kee Onn’s
primary submission was that the Proposed Rejoinder would bring clarity to the
salient issues at trial. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defendant’s WS at paras 6-–18.

On the other hand, Champion essentially argued that leave should not be
granted to serve the Proposed Rejoinder because it contained paragraphs that
were either already in the Defence 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 26–34.

or contravened the general rule that evidence should not be pleaded. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 35–42.

In the end, I agreed with Champion’s arguments, which I found also to be
consonant with the principle that leave to serve a rejoinder should only be
granted under exceptional circumstances: see Singapore Civil Procedure at para
18/4/1.

5 With respect to the argument that the allegations in the Proposed Rejoinder
had already been pleaded, Champion referred me to Norris v Beazley (1877) 35
LT 845 (“Norris”). Norris was cited in Singapore Civil Procedure at para
18/4/1 for the proposition that leave to serve a rejoinder would only be
granted if it was “really required to raise matters which must be specifically
pleaded” [emphasis added]. The corollary of this proposition was that a
rejoinder must not be a mere repetition of what had already been pleaded.
Denman J elucidated in Norris as follows (at p 846):

I hold that [the rejoinder in Norris] would be objectionable as a repetition.
… I now think that the statement of defence and counter-claim between them
included all the matter now sought to be amplified by means of the rejoinder.
… Pleadings should be as short as they reasonably can be, provided they raise
the points in issue between the parties …

[emphasis added]

6 I agreed with the above passage, which applied squarely to the relevant
paragraphs in the Defence and the Proposed Rejoinder. I set them out in the
following table for comparison (with emphasis added): 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s WS at Annex B; NE (16 May 2017) at p 1.

Defence| Proposed Rejoinder  
---|---  
14\. Paragraph 12 of the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim is denied. The
Plaintiffs have agreed and are bound by the VOs.| 2\. The Defendants aver with
regard to Paragraph 5 of the said Reply that:-  
14 (a) The Plaintiffs agreed to have additional works done as described in the
VOs through conduct as they had been working with the Defendants well beyond
the dates alleged to be completion dates by the Plaintiff and accepted the
delivery of the VO works.Defence| 2 (a) The Plaintiffs had indeed approved the
Variation Orders (“VOs”) and agreed to have additional works done as described
in the VOs 1, 2, 3, and 4.Proposed Rejoinder  
14 (b) The Plaintiffs agreed to essential terms of the VOs, in particular the
scope of the VOs as required under Clause 1 of the Terms and Conditions.|  
14 (c) The Defendants had completed, or in the alternative, substantially
completed the additional works as described in the VOs.| 2 (b) The Defendants
commenced the works as described in the VOs 1, 2, 3, and 4.2 (c) The works as
described in VOs 1, 2, 3, and 4 were completed, or in the alternative,
substantially completed by the Defendants on or before 10th May 2016.  
  
7 As made clear from the table above, the cited paragraphs from the Proposed
Rejoinder were ringing echoes of the Defence. Therefore, as far as paragraphs
2(a), (b) and (c) of the Proposed Rejoinder were concerned, it was apparent
that a rejoinder was unnecessary. Although the Proposed Rejoinder specified
the precise VOs in issue (ie, VOs 1, 2, 3 and 4), this was merely an
amplification of the Defence. I was also of the view that the word “commenced”
in paragraph 2(b) of the Proposed Rejoinder added nothing of substance. It
could not be seriously disputed that variation works could only be completed
or substantially completed if Kee Onn had commenced them.

8 As noted by the Court of Appeal in Yeow Chern Lean v Neo Kok Eng and another
[2009] 3 SLR(R) 1131 at [34], there must be “finality in the pleading process”
and “an end at some stage”. Therefore, matters raised in a rejoinder must be
“necessary response[s]” to a reply (at [35]). Here, the substance of the
dispute had already been pleaded in the Defence. Also, by way of implied
joinder of issue under O 18 r 14(2)(a) of the ROC, Kee Onn was not prejudiced,
and not precluded from proving the facts in paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) of
the Proposed Rejoinder even in the absence of these paragraphs.

9 In my view, the redundancy of paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) of the Proposed
Rejoinder was too clear for any argument, and it appeared that counsel for Kee
Onn was at her wits’ end, and had to recognise this. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE (16 May 2017) at p 2.

Certainly, at the hearing before the assistant registrar, Kee Onn conceded
that paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) of the Proposed Rejoinder had already been
covered in the other pleadings. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE before AR (12 Apr 2017) at p 2.

Similarly, at the hearing before me, Kee Onn stated that it was “prepared to
drop everything” except for paragraphs 2(d) and (e) of the Proposed Rejoinder.
15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE (16 May 2017) at p 2.

10 I therefore turn now to address these two paragraphs, along with paragraphs
(i) and (ii) under the “Particulars” of the Proposed Rejoinder. These
paragraphs are set out as follows:

(d) The e-mails of 19th May 2016 from LAANK to the Plaintiffs and of 24th May
2016 from the Defendants to the Plaintiffs [as referenced in the Reply]
pertained largely to VO 5 only, not of all the earlier VOs 1, 2, 3, and 4.

(e) Hence, the Plaintiffs’ reliance on the discussion of the works for VO 5
(which is not the subject of the current claim) is irrelevant.

…

PARTICULARS

(i) The Defendants had completed, or in the alternative substantially
completed the works as described in VOs 1, 2, 3, and 4, and issued the four
corresponding VO Proforma Invoices (No. 3469/1, 3469/2, 3473/1, and 3494/1) in
their e-mail to the Plaintiffs’ Jace Lee on 10th May 2016 for the Plaintiffs’
immediate payment.

(ii) The Defendants will refer to the e-mail of 10th May 2016 and the
Defendants will rely on the said e-mail for its full terms and effect at the
trial of this action herein.

[emphasis added]

11 Citing Sharikat Logistics Pte Ltd v Ong Boon Chuan and others [2011] SGHC
196, Champion argued that the above paragraphs should not be pleaded because
they raise evidence concerning some e-mails and “Proforma Invoices”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s WS at paras 38–42.

I agreed with Champion. As O 18 r 7(1) of the ROC mandated, pleadings must
only contain facts and “not the evidence by which those facts are to be
proved”. I was therefore not impressed by Kee Onn’s argument that these were
“new, material facts” 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Defendant’s WS at para 18.

necessitating a rejoinder. And even if such evidence could be pleaded, it was
unnecessary (as was the case for paragraphs 2(a), (b) and (c) of the Proposed
Rejoinder) for Kee Onn to do so. As counsel for Champion candidly stated, “Kee
Onn is not estopped from proving what they had just said in the Rejoinder
(para 2(d) and (e)) even if there is no Rejoinder”, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

NE (16 May 2017) at p 2.

presumably because there was an implied joinder of issue. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s WS at para 40.

12 In the light of the above, it was clear that Kee Onn’s application for
leave to file the Proposed Rejoinder was correctly refused by the assistant
registrar. As an aside, I observed that the Reply might itself be deficient.
For one, it might be said that the e-mails referenced in the Reply constituted
evidence (see above at [3]). When pressed on this point, counsel for Champion
submitted that Champion did not require leave to serve a reply. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE (16 May 2017) at p 2.

I did not find this answer to be entirely satisfactory. But given that I was
not hearing an application to impugn the correctness of the Reply, I make no
further comments on this point nor do I prejudge any issue vis-à-vis the Reply
should Kee Onn decide to challenge it.

13 Accordingly, I dismissed Kee Onn’s appeal with costs fixed at $2,000 (all-
in) to be paid by Kee Onn to Champion.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Ang Ann Liang and Ong Chin Kiat (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Carolyn Tan Beng Hui and Au Thye Chuen (Tan & Au LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

