Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2017] SGHCF 10

  
HCF/Suit No 3 of 2015

  
Between

UAM  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1) UAN(2) UAO  
---  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Abuse of Process] — [Extended doctrine of res judicata]

[Equity] — [Defences] — [Laches]

[Res Judicata] — [Issue estoppel]

[Succession and Wills] — [Revocation] — [Later instrument]

[Succession and Wills] — [Testamentary capacity]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UAM

  
v

  

UAN and another

[2017] SGHCF 10

High Court — HCF/Suit No 3 of 2015  
Valerie Thean JC  
14-18, 21 November; 17 January 2017.

13 April 2017 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 This is a probate action seeking the revocation of an earlier grant of
probate issued on 10 December 1990 in respect of a will of the mother of the
plaintiff (“the mother”) dated 15 April 1980 (“the 1980 Will”). The plaintiff
seeks in this action to pronounce against the validity of the 1980 Will and to
pronounce in solemn form the mother’s later will dated 23 June 1981 (“the 1981
Will”). The 1981 Will appoints the plaintiff as the sole executor of the
mother’s estate and devised her one-fifth share in a property to the plaintiff
absolutely.

2 The 1980 Will, on the other hand, appointed the plaintiff’s late brother
(“the brother”) and his wife, the 1st defendant, as co-executors, and devised
the mother’s one-fifth share to the 2nd defendant (the son of the 1st
Defendant) as the sole beneficiary. By their counterclaim, the defendants ask
the court to pronounce against the validity of the 1981 Will and hold the 1980
Will valid.

3 The only asset in the mother’s estate is her one-fifth (1/5) share of the
property just off Bukit Timah Road (“the Property”), upon which a bungalow
stands. The plaintiff had, in various earlier actions, as a plaintiff in two
writ actions filed in 2011 and 2012 (“Suit No.1” and “Suit No. 2”), which were
consolidated and tried; and then as a defendant to an originating summons
filed in 2014 (“Suit No.3”) and appellant in the appeal against that decision
in the Court of Appeal, unsuccessfully sought to establish that he was the
sole beneficial owner or otherwise had a right to lifetime exclusive
possession of the Property.

4 For the reasons given below, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim and allow the
defendants’ counterclaim.

Background facts

Parties and Property at stake

5 In 1966, the five members of the plaintiff’s family purchased the Property
and held it as tenants-in-common in equal shares. The registered proprietors
were the following:

(a) The father of the plaintiff (“the father”);

(b) The mother;

(c) The brother, the plaintiff’s late brother, who was the oldest of the
father and mother’s three children;

(d) The plaintiff’s elder sister, the middle child of the father and mother;
and

(e) the plaintiff, the youngest child of the father and mother.

6 The father ran a family business through a company (“the company”) with the
help of his two sons. At the time, the family was living in various different
properties. The father and mother lived at Queen Street. The brother and his
family lived at Beach Road, near the company. The plaintiff’s sister had
married and moved out of Queen Street. The plaintiff initially lived with his
sister, and then moved into the Property in or around late 1966. Between 1968
to around 1978, the father and mother alternated from staying at Queen Street
and the Property, and moved into the Property permanently in 1979 when the
Queen Street property was acquired by the government. The father’s health
began to deteriorate in 1979.

Discord within the family

7 The plaintiff and his brother were not close as children. There was a large
age gap of 11 years between them and they did not live together when growing
up. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

P’s AEIC, para 60.

They drifted apart even further when the plaintiff went to Australia for his
university education, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

P’s AEIC, para 61.

and their relationship was volatile after the plaintiff returned from his
education abroad in the 1960s. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

D1’s AEIC, para 33.

8 In or around 1978 to 1979, the plaintiff and his brother fell out with each
other over certain potential Middle East business activities. The falling out
was so severe that there were two police reports lodged by the brother: the
first on 26 January 1979, 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB, p 44.

and the second on 9 May 1979. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1 AB, p 51.

According to the first report, the brother went to the Property to collect
certain stationery items, but the plaintiff reportedly refused to allow him to
do so, and ordered a dog to bite him. According to the second report, the
brother was attacked by the plaintiff at the Property, causing him to sustain
injuries on his face and bruises on his buttocks. The parties do not dispute
the contents of the police reports. The plaintiff admits to these two
altercations and claims his brother, during the first incident, accused him of
cheating the brother of the Middle East transactions that did not come to
fruition; and that his brother threatened him with a knife in the second
incident, which ended up with the two of them exchanging blows. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

P’s AEIC, paras 72–73.

9 The plaintiff also fell out with his father because of the Middle East
transaction. In early 1979, the father placed various notices in the English
and Chinese newspapers to state that the plaintiff was not a representative of
the company nor was he authorised to transact business on the company’s
behalf. According to the 1st defendant, the father asked the plaintiff to
vacate the Property, but the plaintiff refused. Instead, the parents moved out
to a rented accommodation at Rangoon Road.

10 On 14 August 1979, the plaintiff received a letter from the law firm
Donaldson & Burkinshaw purporting to act for his brother and their parents, 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB, p 59.

alleging that the plaintiff was occupying the Property as a licensee since
1966 and demanded that the plaintiff vacate the Property by 30 September 1979
failing which they (his brother and parents) would commence proceedings
against him and claim rental. The plaintiff replied on 23 August 1979, asking
for the reasons for demanding that he vacate the Property. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P’s AEIC, p 159.

The plaintiff did not subsequently receive a reply, and he sent another letter
to follow up on the matter on 7 September 1979. Again, there was no reply. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P’s AEIC, paras 81–82.

11 On 15 March 1980, Drew & Napier sent the plaintiff a letter, purportedly
acting for his brother and their parents, stating that the firm had been
instructed to commence proceedings against the plaintiff in relation to the
Property and that the plaintiff’s parents and brother were seeking a court
order for the following reliefs:

(a) to sell the Property and divide the proceeds thereafter in equal shares;

(b) for the plaintiff to pay open market rental on the Property to the other
registered co-owners in respect of the plaintiff’s occupation of the Property
from 1974; and

(c) for a contribution from the plaintiff for all the expenses and interest
paid for the upkeep, maintenance and renovation of the Property. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 AB, p 62.

The plaintiff did not reply to this letter, and there was no subsequent court
action commenced against him in furtherance of this letter. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P’s AEIC, para 86.

The 1980 Will

12 Both the father and the mother executed a will each on 15 April 1980. At
that time, they were living in a rented accommodation at Rangoon Road while
the brother and the 1st defendant lived at Beach Road. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1D’s AEIC, para 46.

Ms Momo Tay Ai Siew (“Ms Tay”), the solicitor who witnessed the execution of
the 1980 Will, said that she received instructions for the wills from the
brother. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 21 November 2016, p 62.

Both father and mother attended at Ms Tay’s office on 15 April 1980 for the
execution of their respective wills, accompanied by the brother. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Ms Tay’s AEIC, para 9.

13 The 1980 Will appointed the brother and the 1st defendant as co-executors,
and devised the mother’s one-fifth share in the Property to the 2nd defendant
as the sole beneficiary. The father’s will similarly appointed the brother and
1st defendant as co-executors, and devised his one-fifth share of the Property
to the 2nd defendant’s elder brother. Ms Tay was unaware of the relationship
between the brother and the two beneficiaries. She testified that she asked
the father and the mother about their relationship with the beneficiaries, and
was told that the beneficiaries were “their favourite grandchildren”. Both the
father and the mother then signed their respective wills and an original
carbon copy.

The plaintiff redeems the mortgage on the Property

14 In the meanwhile, an overdraft on the Property remained unserviced. On 29
November 1980, Chung Khiaw Bank’s solicitors wrote to the plaintiff and his
brother demanding repayment of $47,850 and threatened foreclosure. The
plaintiff wrote to the brother to ask him to repay but the brother refused. On
17 January 1981, the plaintiff paid the outstanding sum of $47,850 and the
bank released to him the original certificate of title.

The mother’s departure from Ming Teck Park

15 The father and mother began staying with the brother’s family at Ming Teck
Park on or around March 1981. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

D1’s AEIC, para 46; Transcript dated 17 November 2016, p 4.

Around June 1981, the mother moved out of Ming Teck Park to stay with the
plaintiff’s elder sister instead. It seems the mother had, after a medical
appointment, left by herself in a taxi without taking any of her belongings at
Ming Teck Park. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2016, p 7.

The father was still alive and continued to stay at Ming Teck Park. The
brother, 1st defendant and their family members subsequently neither visited
the mother nor brought her belongings that she left behind at Ming Teck Park
to her. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 17 November 2016, p 11.

The Trust Acknowledgement and the 1981 Will

16 On 9 June 1981, the plaintiff visited his mother at his sister’s house and
told the mother how he prevented foreclosure on the Property and about the
problems that the plaintiff had with his brother. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

P’s AEIC, para 102.

The plaintiff prepared two documents for his mother to sign: one was an
acknowledgement that she held her one-fifth share in the Property on trust for
the plaintiff and the other was a letter to discharge Drew & Napier from
acting further for her. The mother signed both documents 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P’s AEIC, paras 103–104.

with a circle in the presence of the plaintiff and his wife.

17 The plaintiff further contends that around the same time, he met his mother
at a coffee shop in Victoria Street where he brought up the topic of the
letter from Drew & Napier (see [11] above). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P’s AEIC, para 98.

The mother decided that she wanted all her assets to vest in the plaintiff
upon her death. She informed him so, and asked that the plaintiff bring her to
see lawyers in connection with this matter. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P’s AEIC, para 107.

The plaintiff thus brought his mother to People’s Park Centre as he knew that
many lawyers’ offices were located there. They walked into one that they came
across and executed the 1981 Will there.

18 The 1981 Will appoints the plaintiff as the sole executor of the mother’s
estate and devised her one-fifth share in the Property to the plaintiff
absolutely.

The demise of the parents

19 The father passed away on 8 November 1981. The mother was at Ming Teck
Place for seven days until the funeral was completed. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 17 November 2016, p 11–12.

20 On 20 November 1986, the mother passed away. The petition for probate of
the mother’s 1980 Will was filed on 13 March 1990 and probate was extracted on
10 December 1990 in Probate 25/1990. The estate duty certificate listed the
mother’s one-fifth share of the Property as an estate asset (which was exempt
from estate duty by that time).

21 In Probate Petition No 25 of 1990 (“Probate 25/1990”), a limited grant of
probate in respect of the 1980 Will was obtained by the brother on the basis
of the original carbon copy of the 1980 Will. The brother did not however take
any further action.

The demise of the brother

22 The brother passed away on 7 January 2006. By his will dated 12 November
2005, his one-fifth share was to be sold and the same proceeds distributed
equally amongst his six children.

23 After his passing, the 1st defendant found the original 1980 Will among the
brother’s personal belongings and papers. Having forgotten that the brother
had previously instructed solicitors to obtain probate in respect of the
duplicate 1980 Will, the 1st defendant instructed solicitors to obtain probate
through commencing DCP 926 of 2009 (“DCP 926/2009”). 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

D1’s AEIC, paras 73–75.

The solicitors then discovered that grant of probate had been obtained in
Probate 25/1990.

Previous legal proceedings

24 On 14 October 2011, the plaintiff commenced Suit No.1 against the estate of
the father, the sister and the personal representatives of the brother,
claiming the entire beneficial interest of the Property by reason of,
alternatively, a resulting trust, constructive trust, or a proprietary
estoppel and seeking to compel his family members (or their estates) to
transfer to him what he claimed was their bare legal interest in the Property.
Through the Defence filed in the action, the plaintiff learnt of his mother’s
1980 Will. He commenced Suit No.2 against his mother’s estate seeking the same
reliefs, and this suit was consolidated with Suit No.1. The consolidated
action was dismissed on 27 January 2014 by the High Court (“the 2014
Judgment”) and the plaintiff did not appeal. The judge (“the Judge”) found
that the plaintiff failed to establish the factual elements necessary for his
claim on any one of the three legal bases.

25 Thereafter, the 1st defendant, as the executrix of the mother’s estate,
applied in Suit No.3 on 31 July 2014 for an order of partition of the Property
in accordance with the respective shares of the tenants-in-common, or
alternatively in lieu of partition an order of sale with vacant possession
with the sale proceeds to be distributed accordingly. The application was
allowed on 16 March 2015 and the Judge ordered that the Property be sold after
six months with vacant possession, and the sale proceeds to be distributed in
accordance with the respective shares of the tenants-in-common. The
plaintiff’s appeal against the entire decision (“the 2015 GD”) was dismissed
by the Court of Appeal on 14 March 2016.

26 On 13 July 2015, the plaintiff commenced this action against the
defendants.

The plaintiff’s and defendants’ positions

27 The plaintiff essentially claims that the 1980 Will is invalid as the
mother did not possess the requisite testamentary capacity when she executed
it, she did not know and approve its contents and/or it was procured by way of
undue influence exerted on her by the brother and the 1st defendant. Further,
the plaintiff submits that the 1981 Will prevails as it supersedes the 1980
Will by virtue of the fact that it is later in time. The 1981 Will is valid as
the mother possessed the requisite testamentary capacity, and she knew and
approved the contents of the 1981 Will and there were no suspicious
circumstances attending the preparation and execution of the 1981 Will. Hence,
the plaintiff seeks to revoke the earlier 1990 grant of probate, for the court
to pronounce against the validity of the 1980 Will and in its place pronounce
in solemn form the 1981 Will as the mother’s true and last will.

28 The defendants’ case is that the plaintiff is estopped from raising the
validity of the 1980 Will which was already litigated previously. They also
submit that the present proceedings amount to an abuse of process, and further
or in the alternative that the plaintiff having elected to forgo his claim
under the 1981 Will, he has waived it thereunder, and the doctrine of
approbation and reprobation supports their case. In any event, they claim that
there were suspicious circumstances surrounding the preparation and execution
of the 1981 Will. The 1981 Will is thus invalid as the mother did not know and
approve the contents of the said will. Further, while they concede the
plaintiff’s claim is not barred by limitation, it is unconscionable in the
circumstances to grant the plaintiff the reliefs he seeks as the plaintiff is
guilty of prolonged, inordinate and inexcusable delay. In light of these
contentions, the defendants counterclaim that the court pronounces against the
validity of the 1981 Will propounded by the plaintiff, that the court holds
the 1980 Will to be valid and that the 1st defendant be allowed to admit into
Probate 25/1990 the original 1980 Will.

The issues

29 A later, duly executed will supercedes an earlier, duly executed will: s
15(b) of the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed). This case may thus be analysed
by reference to three main issues:

(a) Whether the 1981 Will is valid.

(b) If not, whether the 1980 Will is valid.

(c) The effect of the plaintiff’s extended delay on these proceedings.

30 My findings on the three issues are as follows:

(a) The validity of the 1981 Will: I am of the view that the plaintiff’s
present action amounts to an abuse of process. In any event, there are
suspicious circumstances surrounding the 1981 Will, and I find on the facts
that its validity is not proved.

(b) The validity of the 1980 Will: In light of the above, the 1980 will
becomes relevant. Here, issue estoppel applies to bar the plaintiff’s
contention that the 1980 Will is not valid. If not, abuse of process would
equally apply. In the event I am wrong on these issues, there is insufficient
factual basis upon which to query the validity of the 1980 Will.

(c) Effect of the delay in these proceedings: In this case, there has been
delay on the plaintiff’s part. The Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“Limitation Act”) does not apply. If laches did apply, it would be
unconscionable to allow the plaintiff’s claim.

My reasons for so holding follow.

The 1981 Will

Abuse of process

31 The defendants contend that the issue of the validity of the 1981 Will
properly belonged to the subject of litigation in Suit Nos.1, 2 and 3. I find
that the present probate proceedings could and should have been raised
earlier, and that the plaintiff has not given an adequate reason why this was
not done.

32 The “extended” doctrine of res judicata or doctrine of “abuse of process”
provides that where an issue ought to have been raised and was not, it could
amount to an abuse of process to subsequently litigate that issue. Attributed
to the foundational authority of Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100
(“Henderson”)) as enunciated more recently by the House of Lords in Johnson v
Gore Wood & Co [2002] 2 AC 1 (“Johnson”), this was considered by our High
Court in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“Goh
Nellie”) and the Court of Appeal in Lai Swee Lin Linda v Attorney-General
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 565. The defendants plead that the present proceedings amount
to an abuse of process as the plaintiff ought to have canvassed his entire
case on the issue of the validity of the 1980 Will during the consolidated
Suit No.1.

33 The doctrine is said to be “extended” because it goes beyond precluding a
party from raising claims or issues previously brought before the court and
extends to issues which were “so clearly part of the subject matter of the
litigation and so clearly could have been raised that it would be an abuse of
the process of the court to allow a new proceeding to be started in respect of
them” (see Greenhalgh v Mallard [1947] 2 All ER 255 at 257, cited in Ching Mun
Fong (executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit and
another appeal [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53 (“Ching Mun Fong”) at [23] and Humpuss Sea
Transport Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) v PT Humpuss Intermoda
Transportasi TBK and another [2016] 5 SLR 1322 (“Humpuss”) at [58]). It
includes every point which properly belonged to the subject of litigation or
proceedings previously, and which the parties, exercising reasonable
diligence, might have brought forward at the time: see The Royal Bank of
Scotland NV (formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International
Ltd (nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another
appeal [2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT International Ltd”) at [101].

34 The extended doctrine of res judicata is a matter of weighing competing
interests. The courts are concerned with ensuring finality in judicial
decisions and preventing a party from being unjustly hounded given the earlier
history of the matter. The question is whether the issue ought to have been
raised with reasonable diligence in the previous proceedings. However, the
mere fact that the issue was not raised in the earlier proceedings does not
necessarily render raising the issue in the later proceedings an abuse of
process. It is for the court to consider whether it is in fact an abuse of the
process of the court to raise the issue only at the later proceedings which
could have been raised before (see Goh Nellie at [52]).

35 The inquiry is a broad-based one that takes into account all the facts and
circumstances of the case, and there is a marked difference in analytical
approach as opposed to considering whether cause of action and/or issue
estoppel is made out (TT International Ltd at [105]; Johnson at 31D). Much
depends on the overall justice of the case. Hence, there is a higher degree of
flexibility, and the court is not to “adopt an inflexible or unyielding
attitude” (Goh Nellie at [53]). The requirement of identity of parties under
this doctrine has since also been dispensed with: Humpuss at [61]. The
considerations that the court may consider include whether the later
proceedings constitute a collateral attack upon the previous decision, whether
there is fresh evidence that warrants re-litigation, whether there are bona
fide reasons why a particular issue that ought to have been raised in the
earlier proceedings was not, and whether there are other special circumstances
that might justify allowing the case to proceed (Humpuss at [63]).

36 In the present case, both the issues of the validity of the 1980 Will and
the same of the 1981 Will in the plaintiff’s probate action to revoke the
grant of probate with regard to the former and to pronounce the latter in
solemn form ought to have been raised in the previous action Suit No.1, or
even in Suit No.3 when the plaintiff was resisting the application for an
order for sale after judgment in the first action. The plaintiff had been
afforded more than ample opportunity to present his case as to why he had any
proprietary interest, beneficial or otherwise, over the Property in earlier
proceedings, but yet persists now to attempt to present his case under yet
another guise.

37 There are no new facts or fresh evidence. All the relevant circumstances
pertaining to the preparation of the 1980 Will and the 1981 Will have not
changed. It is striking that the plaintiff’s AEICs in Suit No.1 and the
present proceedings essentially cover the same alleged circumstances. I also
do not accept the plaintiff’s suggestions that there are documents and
information pertaining to the validity of the 1980 Will that had “recently
surfaced”. The plaintiff filed Suit No.2 because of his discovery of the 1980
Will, and could easily have obtained all necessary evidence if he had
exercised reasonable diligence.

38 Further, in Suit No.3 when an order of court was being sought by the 1st
defendant as the executor of the plaintiff’s parents’ estates, the plaintiff
resisted the order by raising a number of arguments, including various
estoppels and adverse possession. By not challenging the validity of the 1980
Will then or seeking to revoke the 1990 grant of probate in Suit No.3 when he
could, it further bolsters the fact that the present action is a belated and
inconsistent attempt on the plaintiff’s part.

39 Having regard to the substance and reality of the three earlier actions and
the unsuccessful appeal to the Court of Appeal in the last of the three
actions, I find that the present issues reasonably ought to have been raised
earlier. The present action clearly only arises as a direct result of the
plaintiff’s failure to obtain judgment in his favour in earlier litigation,
and is substantially the plaintiff’s attempt at having multiple bites of the
proverbial cherry. The higher degree of flexibility in the extended res
judicata doctrine addresses any potential technical distinction based on the
different nature of the claims here. The reality of the present action is that
effectively, the plaintiff seeks the same proprietary interest in the Property
ultimately, be it through the mother’s 1981 Will or his earlier arguments that
he was the beneficial owner of the whole Property based on an alleged family
arrangement. In the interests of finality of litigation, he should have and
could have raised the alternative arguments regarding the wills, especially
when the actions all concern the same factual matrix and events. An
examination of the plaintiff’s AEIC in Suit No.1 and the present proceedings
are almost identical in relation to his narration of the events that took
place in or around June 1981. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

P’s AEIC, paras 98–112; P’s AEIC in Suit No.1, paras 118–124.

The plaintiff had also sued and counterclaimed against the 1st defendant
previously in the earlier actions in her capacity as executrix of the mother’s
estate.

40 In the light of these issues, a good explanation is required of the
plaintiff, and in this case there is none. Notably, the plaintiff indicated on
the stand that he reserved his rights to challenge the father’s will, and
stated that “the reason why [he] commenced this action to invalidate [the
mother]’s 1980 Will is because [she] did execute a later will”. The plaintiff
also indicated that the 1981 Will was merely a “safety net” for him: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

P’s AEIC, para 212.

he thought it unnecessary to seek a grant of probate with regard to the 1981
Will as he was under the “mistaken belief” that he was the beneficial owner
over the entire Property. His “safety net” comment reflected his expectation
that he could have multiple – and inconsistent – attempts at the several ways
that he could think of to gain or assert his proprietary interest over the
Property.

41 A claimant is not required to pursue all available remedies against all
possible defendants in one proceeding, and plaintiffs are not required to make
case management decisions that result in the most efficient and economical use
of the court’s resources. However, I find that the plaintiff has acted
unreasonably here, bringing proceedings that rely on inconsistent claims from
those brought in previous proceedings. His vexatious conduct is also apparent
from the fact that he was aware of the existence of the 1981 Will all along
but only chose to propound it now after his multiple failed attempts to claim
beneficial ownership over the Property. The present case should be
distinguished from cases where the principle of party autonomy ought to be
defended, when conducting litigation incrementally may be a bona fide case
management decision. This is not a “complex commercial matter” (see Aldi
Stores Ltd v WSP Group plc and others [2007] EWCA Civ 1260 at [25]) where
expecting a plaintiff to bring a single set of complicated proceedings against
a wide range of defendants with ensuing cross-claims between parties would be
imposing a standard that puts a litigant in an impossible position.

42 As the causes of action are technically distinct, I considered whether
adding the current claims to earlier proceedings would “transform the whole
proceedings” and turn a relatively simple action to a one much wider in scope
(Stuart v Goldberg Linde (a firm) and others [2008] EWCA Civ 2 (“Stuart”) at
[55]). It does not. Both the 1980 and 1981 Wills were in evidence in Suit No.1
and the plaintiff had already relied on the 1981 Will then as evidence that
the mother always saw the benefit of her one-fifth share in the Property as
belonging to him (see the 2014 Judgment at [63]). Further, the plaintiff had
in that suit raised and argued issues regarding the mother’s testamentary
capacity - key to any action propounding or pronouncing against a will - in
relation to the 1980 Will (see [79]–[83] below) and the 2014 Judgment had
recognised this and made factual findings in relation to whether the 1980 Will
represented the mother’s testamentary intentions (see the 2014 Judgment at
[104]–[106]). Thus, the consideration in Stuart does not apply on the present
facts and I do not find that there are any bona fide reasons why the present
issues were not raised in the earlier proceedings.

43 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the doctrine of abuse of process is a
mere “technical and procedural objection”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Points of Rebuttals (“P6”), para 14.

I do not agree that it is a mere technicality. Indeed, we see from the facts
of this case that the rule operates here to give substantial justice to
litigants who would otherwise be harassed by continual litigation. It was
telling that the plaintiff was hard put to explain the contradiction between
his request to the mother to sign the trust document and the 1981 Will, two
contradictory documents, the first of which said that the share of the
Property was “returned herewith”. He admitted on the stand that his earlier
case would have collapsed if he had taken the position in that suit that the
1981 Will was valid. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript dated 14 November 2016, p 20.

The plaintiff contends that, now convinced by the 2014 Judgment, he now
returns with the 1981 Will. I find his contention that the previous suit was
based on a “mistaken belief” 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

P’s Opening Statement, para 2; Transcript dated 14 November 2016, pp 12, 24.

, and reliance here in the case at hand, on the Judge’s adverse finding
against his version of events in the earlier suit, too disingenuous. He lacked
a conviction about the 1981 Will earlier, when his case would have suffered
credibility issues with the use of two opposing arguments. Now, it seems the
Judge’s rejection of what he must have viewed as a stronger premise grounds
this case, and this is the argument which he did not have sufficient
conviction to advance earlier. In my view, the plaintiff’s prejudicial delay,
the absence of fresh evidence and the advancement of inconsistent arguments in
two prior cases reflect precisely the kind of abuse that the extended doctrine
of res judicata is designed to prevent.

Election and waiver

44 Further, the defendants also submit that the plaintiff has waived his right
to assert that the 1981 Will is valid in these proceedings, having elected to
assert his beneficial ownership of the Property in Suit No.1. On or around the
time of the commencement of that suit, the plaintiff either could have
proceeded on the basis that the mother held her share of the Property on trust
for him, pursuant to the family arrangement and trust acknowledgement, or on
the basis that the mother was the beneficial owner of her share and had
bequeathed it to the plaintiff pursuant to the 1981 Will. Having elected to
assert a trust in Suit No.1 (and necessarily treating the 1981 Will as
invalid), the defendants claim the plaintiff cannot now retract his position
in these proceedings to assert that the 1981 Will is valid. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

DCS, paras 91–92.

Initially, the plaintiff’s counsel argued that this was not pleaded, but
conceded otherwise in her closing oral reply.

45 Such waiver by election has been explained as an “abandonment of a right
which arises by virtue of a party making an election”: see Lord Goff of
Chieveley in the House of Lords decision of Motor Oil Hellas (Corinth)
Refineries SA v Shipping Corporation of India (The “Kanchenjunga”) [1990] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 391 (“The Kanchenjunga”) at 397–399 (as adopted by the Court of
Appeal in Chai Cher Watt (trading as Chuang Aik Engineering Works) v SDL
Technologies Pte Ltd and another appeal [2012] 1 SLR 152 (at [33])). A review
of the relevant authorities suggest three criteria where the assertion of
inconsistent rights may be held to amount to an election:

(a) a concurrent existence of two inconsistent sets of legal rights. Because
“they are inconsistent neither one may be enjoyed without the extinction of
the other and that extinction confers upon the elector the benefit of enjoying
the other, a benefit denied to him so long as both remained in existence": see
the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ang Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim [2010] 3 SLR 179
(at [30]), quoting the High Court of Australia’s decision of Sargent v ASL
Developments Limited (1974) 131 CLR 634;

(b) knowledge of the facts which have given rise to the two sets of rights as
a prerequisite to election: see Lord Goff in The Kanchenjunga at 398; and

(c) an unequivocal representation by the party making the election in relation
to the right or remedy allegedly being waived: see the High Court’s decision
in The “Pacific Vigorous” [2006] 3 SLR(R) 374 at [22], referring to Lord Goff
in The Kanchenjunga.

46 In the present case, the key inconsistency in my judgment lies with the
inconsistent ownership rights or interests being asserted over the same
Property in separate proceedings by the plaintiff. Neither the causes of
action per se (a probate action now as opposed to claims of a resulting trust,
constructive trust or a proprietary estoppel) nor the relief or remedy sought
(the pronouncement of a later will and revocation of an earlier probate grant
as opposed to the transfer of alleged bare legal interest in the Property),
are inherently contradictory or inconsistent.

47 After 15 November 2011, when the 1st defendant disclosed the existence of
the 1980 Will and the grant of probate extracted in respect of it, and when
the plaintiff filed his reply and commenced Suit No.2 against the 1st
defendant as executrix of the mother’s estate on 11 January 2012 (which was
eventually consolidated into Suit No.1), the plaintiff had essentially chosen
to proceed on the basis that the mother only had a bare legal title to the
Property and held her one-fifth share of the Property on trust to him. Despite
knowing that an earlier grant of probate existed in respect of an earlier 1980
Will that was inconsistent with the 1981 Will that named him the sole
beneficiary instead, he took the position that beneficial interest to the
entire Property, including the mother’s share, lay with him. To this extent,
the underlying facts and rights of ownership being insisted upon earlier and
in this claim are plainly inconsistent. The mother cannot possibly have had
full ownership over her share of the Property that she could bequeath to the
plaintiff in the 1981 Will while the plaintiff had beneficial ownership over
that same share. Although the direct interests in terms of that in propounding
a will and that in claiming beneficial ownership are not apparently
inconsistent, there is an inconsistency of substantive proprietary rights
underlying these claims: a “cause of action” constitutes the “essential
factual material that supports a claim” [emphasis added] (see Multistar
Holdings Ltd v Geocon Piling & Engineering Pte Ltd [2016] 2 SLR 1 at [34]).

48 Nevertheless, the crucial question is whether the plaintiff had two
inconsistent substantive rights at the material time after he filed his reply
in Suit No.1. The nature of his rights under the prior beneficial ownership
claim and under the 1981 Will has to be closely examined in this context. In
the earlier suit, the plaintiff mounted a claim to beneficial ownership based
on an alleged purchase money resulting trust, common intention constructive
trust and/or proprietary estoppel. His claim to beneficial ownership over the
entire Property mainly pivoted on the factual assertion that there was a
family arrangement where his other family members were obliged to recognise
his beneficial interest in the Property upon full repayment of an alleged
purchase-price loan. I do not find that the plaintiff had a choice between
rights, as he did not have those rights to insist upon at the material time,
for three reasons.

49 First, as the High Court held in respect of the resulting trust claim (2014
Judgment at [118]), the alleged family arrangement in itself “could not
[bring] into existence any proprietary right vested in the plaintiff” as a
resulting trust crystallises at the point where the property is acquired and
not thereafter (see also Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence [2008] 2 SLR(R)
108 at [112]).

50 Second, a constructive trust is a trust which is declared by operation of
law in certain circumstances according to equitable principles. That there was
no relevant common intention as there was no family arrangement as alleged by
the plaintiff earlier meant that there was no “legally significant event
sufficient to create an equitable interest in favour of the plaintiff” (2014
Judgment at [121]). A constructive trust did not exist from the time the
alleged relevant events occurred, as factually it was found that they did not
occur.

51 Lastly, no equity also arose in the plaintiff’s favour in his proprietary
estoppel claim, be it a mere inchoate equity based on the alleged family
arrangement or a crystallised interest upon the granting of a remedy. Even if
it had arisen, the court does not necessarily have to award an interest in the
land to the plaintiff to satisfy the equity based on proprietary estoppel;
monetary compensation for the detriment suffered would have been a possible
remedy (see Low Heng Leon Andy v Low Kian Beng Lawrence (administrator of the
estate of Tan Ah Kng, deceased) [2013] SGHC 101 at [30(d)]).

52 Accordingly, the plaintiff did not at the material time have any
inconsistent rights to elect between, as it were. In Oliver Ashworth
(Holdings) Ltd v Ballard (Kent) Ltd [2000] Ch 12 (“Oliver Ashworth”), the
English Court of Appeal held that the landlord had no choice of valid
substantive rights to speak of, as the tenant’s break notice was good and the
landlord possessed no right to treat the tenancy as continuing. Hence, the
tenant could not rely on an argument that the landlord had elected between
treating the lease as continuing and demanding for double rent which were
inconsistent. Similarly here, the plaintiff had no beneficial interest that
had crystallised at the material time and therefore cannot be said to have a
choice between substantive rights. I thus agree with the plaintiff that he did
not have available to him to exercise, two inconsistent sets of rights, at the
material time.

53 For completeness, I will state that if I had found that legally the
plaintiff had a choice between inconsistent substantive rights at the material
time, I would have had no trouble finding that he had exercised such a choice
by his conduct in continuing with the beneficial interest claim and not
insisting on determining the validity of the 1981 Will, while choosing instead
to put it in evidence. On whether he had made an informed choice, as
Stephenson LJ said in Peyman v Lanjani [1985] Ch 457 at 487, “[w]hen a party
has legal advice, he will be more easily presumed to know the law and evidence
or special circumstances may be required to rebut the presumption”. He had
legal advice in the earlier suit, and also acknowledged that to have asserted
his 1981 Will was valid in that suit would have undermined his case that the
entire Property was held on trust for him. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript dated 14 November 2016, pp 99–100.

The doctrine of approbation and reprobation

54 The defendants also raise the doctrine of approbation and reprobation,
relying upon Evans v Bartlam [1937] AC 473 (“Evans v Bartlam”), where it was
said that a person “having accepted a benefit given [to] him by a judgment
cannot allege the invalidity of the judgment which conferred the benefit” (at
483). The High Court applied this doctrine in Treasure Valley Group Ltd v
Saputra Teddy and another (Ultramarine Holdings Ltd, intervener) [2006] 1
SLR(R) 358 (“Treasure Valley”) where a party asked the court to set aside the
arrest of a vessel where earlier it had allowed the sale of the vessel to
proceed. In Treasure Valley, the doctrine was dealt with as a variant of
election (see the reference at [31] to Halsbury’s Laws of Australia vol 12
(Butterworths, 1995) at para 190-35). If we deal with this argument in the
same manner, this contention would fall together with the argument on waiver
by election.

55 I am aware that the doctrine has been extended to be of more general
application to encompass situations where there are inconsistent positions:
see eg, Express Newspapers v News (UK) Ltd [1990] 1 WLR 1320 (“Express
Newspapers”), where Brown-Wilkinson VC, in a case involving two copyright
disputes between two newspapers “Daily Express” and “Today”, held that having
obtained a benefit against “Today” on the basis that a particular argument was
wrong, it was not then open to “Daily Express” to deny “Today” a similar
benefit on the basis that the argument was right. An argument couched in this
manner was not, however, raised by the defendants. Without the benefit of
argument by parties. I hesitate to apply the extended doctrine in these
circumstances.

Whether the mother knew and approved the contents of the 1981 Will

56 I further find that the plaintiff has not satisfied his burden of proof
with regard to the validity of the 1981 Will.

Principles on burden of proof in relation to propounding and challenging the
validity of wills

57 The propounder of a will bears the legal burden of proving that the
testator had testamentary capacity. Testamentary capacity will generally be
presumed when the testator was not suffering from any kind of mental
disability and the will was duly executed in “ordinary circumstances”: Chee Mu
Lin Muriel v Chee Ka Lin Caroline (Chee Ping Chian Alexander and another,
interveners) [2010] 4 SLR 373 (“Muriel Chee”) at [46]. The defendants are not
alleging any lack of mental capacity, and in the course of trial withdrew
earlier contentions of undue influence. Ordinarily, a rebuttable presumption
would then arise that the testator knew and approved the contents of the will.
Nevertheless, this presumption does not arise when there are suspicious
circumstances surrounding the execution of the will which would raise a well-
grounded suspicion that the will did not express the mind of the testator.
Where there are relevant circumstances that excite the suspicion of the court,
it will be for those who propound the will to remove such suspicion by proving
affirmatively that the testator knew and approved the contents of the will:
Muriel Chee at [48].

58 Suspicious circumstances that may be taken into account must be related to
the preparation and/or execution of the will in question. The Court of Appeal
gave the following guidence in Lian Kok Hong v Lian Bee Leng and another
[2016] 3 SLR 405 (“Lian Kok Hong”) at [65]:

Muriel Chee … should not be read as authority that all suspicious
circumstances, whether or not they relate to the execution and preparation of
the will, may be taken into account in determining if the usual presumption
that a testator who has testamentary capacity knew and approved the contents
of the will operates. Circumstances are relevant only if they attend or relate
to the preparation and execution of the will. Otherwise, all kinds of non-
related circumstances may be used to rebut the presumption. …

[emphasis added]

With that in mind, I turn to the circumstances of this case.

What were the relevant suspicious circumstances in this case?

59 The degree of suspicion varies with the circumstances of each case, and the
court has to determine whether the circumstances are suspicious enough so as
to shift the burden of adducing affirmative evidence of the testator’s
knowledge and approval of the contents of the will to the propounder: Muriel
Chee at [47]. Here, the defendants raise seven reasons why suspicious
circumstances arise:

(a) First, the 1981 Will was executed at a time when the relationships in the
family were fractured, including the claim that the brother and 1st defendant
were on one side, with the plaintiff on the other. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

DCS, paras 125–127.

(b) Second, since the 1981 Will was executed just a year after the 1980 Will,
the mother took a contrary position even though she was a “typical traditional
Chinese woman” who was unlikely to act contrary to the wishes of the brother.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

DCS, paras 128–130.

(c) Third, the plaintiff had met the mother four times within a span of
approximately two weeks with the mother executing no less than three documents
of a legal nature during that period (the trust acknowledgement, a letter
discharging her lawyers from acting for her, and the 1981 Will). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

DCS, paras 131–132.

(d) Fourth, the plaintiff caused the mother to execute two inconsistent
documents within that same span of two weeks, namely the trust acknowledgement
and the 1981 Will. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

DCS, paras 133–147.

(e) Fifth, the plaintiff was taking steps to have his family members transfer
their respective shares of the Property to him during that relevant period, as
such it would only be logical that he would have been interested in the
contents of the 1981 Will. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

DCS, paras 148–156.

(f) Sixth, the plaintiff’s failure to prove the 1981 Will and obtain probate
in respect of the same for over 29 years were signs that the plaintiff had
treated the trust acknowledgement and not the 1981 Will as valid. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

DCS, paras 157–162.

(g) Seventh, the plaintiff had taken or must have taken the position in Suit
No.1 that the 1981 Will was invalid, with this subsequent conduct
demonstrating that the plaintiff himself did not believe the 1981 Will
represented the actual state of mind of the mother in relation to the
disposition of the Property. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

DCS, paras 163–164.

60 Regarding the first reason, I do not find it relevant. The strained
relationship within the family that dominated the period seems to be that
primarily between the plaintiff and his brother. In substantiating this
reason, it is telling that the defendants cite the two police reports relating
to the altercations between the brothers at the Property (see [8] above). As
for the plaintiff saying that the relationship between the mother and the 1st
defendant was strained such that the mother wished to leave Ming Teck Park,
there was no evidence that linked this to an intention on her part that she
wished to sign a new will. While the mother did have contact with the
plaintiff after she left Ming Teck Park, that would not shed light on her
state of mind in relation to the 1981 Will.

61 Next, the second point about the mother being unlikely to take a contrary
position from the wishes of the father since she had in 1980 executed a will
in favour of one of the brother’s sons as the sole beneficiary of his share in
the Property due to the fact that she was a “typical traditional Chinese
woman”. I do not find this to be plausible for two reasons. First, this
assertion contradicts the defendants’ own position that the mother was
“capable of making [her] own decisions as to what [she] wanted and [was] able
to do as [she] pleased. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

D1’s Supplementary AEIC, para 15; Transcript dated 17 November 2016, p 28.

Second, the fact that the mother actually left Ming Teck Park on her own
accord, even though her husband was still staying there, and lived separate
and apart from him flew against such a portrayal of the mother as being
subservient to the father’s wishes. The mother clearly could make decisions by
her own and had exercised her own mind.

62 In contrast, taking the third, fourth and fifth points together, I find
that collectively they amount to highly suspicious circumstances that would
prevent the presumption that the mother knew and approved the contents of the
1981 Will from operating. It cannot be disputed that the plaintiff, who
clearly obtains a substantial benefit from the 1981 Will as the sole named
beneficiary, played an active role in procuring its execution. It was the
plaintiff who brought the mother on his own to People’s Park Centre to meet
with lawyers concerning the will on two occasions. This, together with the
fact that the plaintiff caused the mother to execute two other documents of a
legal nature (one of which was patently inconsistent with the 1981 Will and
yet also similarly involved the plaintiff’s ownership interest in the
Property) within that short period of approximately two weeks, renders the
situation highly suspicious.

63 As was found by the Judge in Suit No.1, both the trust acknowledgement and
the discharge letter were prepared by the plaintiff and presented to the
mother; and these were “self-serving documents, drafted to bolster the
plaintiff’s case at a time when disputes had already arisen” (2014 Judgment at
[103]). I also take into consideration the fact that the plaintiff had been in
that period taking steps to have his other family members (his sister as well
as his father) sign similar letters of trust acknowledgement to recognise or
transfer their respective shares in the Property to him. The plaintiff was
clearly interested in recovering what he firmly believed was his interest in
the Property. Against such a context where he was such an interested party, it
is highly suspicious when the plaintiff played such a pivotal role in the
execution of the 1981 Will. The presumption that the mother knew and approved
the contents of the 1981 Will should thus not operate.

64 In this context, what do I make of the sixth and seventh points? These last
two points are not relevant to the mother’s state of mind. Non-contemporaneous
events after the execution of the will are only relevant if they have a direct
bearing on whether the testator knew and approved the contents of the will:
see Lian Kok Hong at [63]. In In the Estate of Musgrove [1927] P 264, Lawrence
LJ held that the executrix’s inaction did not have a direct bearing on whether
the testator knew and approved of the contents of the will as it could have
been explained by possible forgetfulness. As the plaintiff correctly points
out, the mother’s intentions are “paramount” and any belief on the part of the
plaintiff whatever it may be should not be taken to be the mother’s belief. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

PCS, para 156.

These points, while not relevant to the mother’s mental state, go to the heart
of the plaintiff’s credibility, however: while not relevant to the issue of
the presumption, in my view, they reinforce my conclusion that he is unable to
establish his burden of proof that the mother knew the contents of the 1981
Will, as explained below.

Did the mother know and approve the contents of the 1981 Will?

65 Since the presumption of testamentary capacity is inapplicable, the
plaintiff bears the burden of proof to establish that the mother knew and
approved the contents of the 1981 Will. The requisite standard of proof in
this inquiry is that of a balance of probabilities, and the lightness or
gravity of the suspicions aroused by the circumstances determines the amount
of evidence required to dispel the suspicions: Lian Kok Hong at [70]. The
greater the degree of suspicion, the stronger must be the affirmative proof to
remove it. If the testator is illiterate - and the mother was by the
plaintiff’s evidence, illiterate - the court would require evidence of
knowledge and approval of the testator such as evidence that the will was read
over to him or her before execution: Martyn et al, Theobald on Wills (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2010) at para 3-022.

66 The plaintiff argues that the 1981 Will was duly executed in the presence
of two solicitors, Mr Choo Kwun Kiat (“Mr Choo”) and Mr Yap Gim Chuan (“Mr
Yap”) 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

PCS, para 89.

– he further avers that the will was read over and explained to the mother by
Mr Choo in the Teochew dialect and that the instructions for the 1981 Will
were given by the mother who had discussed its terms with Mr Yap. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS, para 92.

However, that the testamentary instrument was read over by, or to, the
testator or that the testator gave instructions for the drafting of the will
may not be sufficient if the circumstances so require “further evidence”:
Muriel Chee at [48], referring to W Scott Fulton, Isabella D Fulton and
Margaret Fulton v Charles Batty Andrew and Thomas Wilson (1874–1875) LR 7 HL
448 (“Fulton”) at 469.

67 In my judgment, the present case is one that warrants such “further
evidence”. The extent of evidence needed here as affirmative proof is higher
as the degree of suspicion is great (see [62] above). Although it is usually
likely that a will represents the testator’s instructions at the point of its
execution when it is professionally prepared by a solicitor, duly executed and
read over to the testator before signing, the unusual circumstances of an
inconsistent document signed two weeks earlier in this case calls into
question whether the mother truly knew and approved the contents of the 1981
Will. At trial, the plaintiff admitted that he did not explain the difference
between a trust and ownership: “No, I did not explain the difference on all
this terminology to her”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript dated 14 November 2016, p 50.

He also testified, inconsistently against his assertion that she had in fact
understood and approved the contents of the 1981 Will, that the mother did not
understand the implications of the trust acknowledgement that she signed, as
well as the implications of the 1981 Will, and that she was illiterate: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript dated 14 November 2016, p 68.

Q Are you saying that [your mother] didn’t understand the implications after
signing the acknowledgement of trust?

A She did not understand the implication. Yes, that’s correct.

Q And therefore, she also did not understand the implications when they signed
the will?

A Yes, that is absolutely correct.

68 The lawyers who were involved were not informed and did not know about the
trust acknowledgement signed just two weeks prior. The lawyers could not have
ascertained whether the mother was aware of or appreciated this inconsistency
and whether she understood the consequences of signing the 1981 Will. Mr Choo
even went to the extent of stating unequivocally that he would not have
“be[en] a part of” 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 16 November 2016, p 9.

the execution of the 1981 Will if he had known about the trust acknowledgement
then, and agreed that the mother should not have signed the 1981 Will as she
had nothing to give away based on the wording of the trust acknowledgement. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript dated 16 November 2016, pp 6–7.

Indeed, Mr Choo’s response on the stand when informed that where the mother
had signed a trust acknowledgement just two weeks before executing the 1981
Will was: “[s]he would not have understood what she wanted to sign”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript dated 16 November 2016, p 9.

69 Further, the lawyers’ evidence was that they had no actual recollection of
the incident, as it took place more than 35 years ago. Mr Yap testified that
he could not confirm who was present at the time instructions were taken or at
the time the 1981 Will was executed. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Mr Yap’s AEIC, para 10; Transcript dated 16 November 2016, p 27.

Similarly, Mr Choo also expressly stated that he “specifically … cannot
remember what transpired. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript dated 16 November 2016, p 8.

On this basis, the plaintiff’s evidence that he was not present when the
mother met with the lawyers, and that he did not speak or communicate with
them at all in terms of the instructions regarding the terms of the 1981 Will
is not supported by any other evidence. On the contrary, Mr Yap testified that
the beneficiary to a will may at times be present when instructions were being
taken for the drafting or at the time of execution, depending on the
testator’s instructions. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript dated 16 November 2016, pp 33–34.

70 In this context, the plaintiff’s argument in relation to his close
relationship with the mother, that he relies upon as the “crux and the core”
50

##### Foot Note 50

×

P6, para 6.

of his case, is not persuasive. While a close relationship could explain why
she might want to benefit him, it was insufficient, in and of itself, in the
present circumstances to show she intended to do so. The crucial point is that
she has executed two inconsistent documents in quick succession, and there is
no affirmative evidence that she understood the consequences of either
document. While she may have had some general intention to go along with his
plans, I hold that it is unlikely that she had specific testamentary
intention.

71 Thus, for the reasons stated, I find that the plaintiff has not proved that
the mother knew and approved of the contents of the 1981 Will. The
circumstances surrounding the preparation and execution of the 1981 Will are
highly suspicious, shifting the evidential burden to the plaintiff. Examining
the evidence as a whole, I am satisfied that the plaintiff has not met his
evidential burden. There is no clear basis to conclude that the mother knew
and approved of the contents of the 1981 Will.

Validity of the 1980 Will

72 Having dealt with the 1981 Will, the validity of the 1980 Will becomes
pertinent.

Issue estoppel

73 The defendants rely on issue estoppel, which precludes an issue of fact or
law which was necessarily decided and concluded in favour of one party in
earlier proceedings from being reopened in subsequent proceedings between the
same parties, even if the causes of action in question are not the same. The
following four requirements were recognised by the Court of Appeal in Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301 [2005] 3
SLR(R) 157 (“Lee Tat”) at [14]–[15]:

(a) a final and conclusive judgment on the issue concerned on the merits;

(b) that the judgment on the issue in question be made by a court of competent
jurisdiction;

(c) identity between parties to the two proceedings being compared; and

(d) identity of subject matter between the two proceedings concerned.

Parties agree that the second requirement is clearly satisfied. I turn to deal
with the other three requirements.

Final and conclusive judgment on the merits

74 A judgment is final and conclusive on the merits if it is one which cannot
be varied, re-opened or set aside by the court that delivered it; and also if
it is a decision which (D.S.V. Silo-Und Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH v Owners
of The Sennar and 13 Other Ships [1985] 1 WLR 490 at 499, as approved and
quoted by the Court of Appeal in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 at
[81]):

… establishes certain facts as proved or not in dispute; states what are the
relevant principles of law applicable to such facts; and expresses a
conclusion with regard to the effect of applying those principles to the
factual situation concerned. …

Whether the decision in question is a final and conclusive judgment on the
merits may be ascertained from the intention of the judge as gathered from the
relevant documents filed, the orders made and the notes of any evidence taken
or arguments made (Goh Nellie at [28]).

75 It is not contested here that the decision in Suit No.1 is a final and
conclusive one on the issue of the Judge’s determination that a family
arrangement as described by the plaintiff did not exist and that the three
bases the plaintiff relied upon to claim beneficial interest over the entire
Property were not made out. The plaintiff, in fact, deposes in his Affidavit
of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) in the present action that he “wholly accept[s]”
the Judge’s decision and did not appeal against it. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

P’s AEIC, para 16.

76 The plaintiff points out, however, that the requirement is for a final and
conclusive judgment on the issue concerned on the merits. To the extent that
the plaintiff disputes that the validity of the 1980 Will was not litigated or
determined in Suit No.1, he argues that there was no final and conclusive
judgment of the issue of the validity of the 1980 Will there. This argument
concerns the requirement of identity of subject matter, and I deal with this
issue below.

Identity of subject matter

77 Turning next to the requirement of identity of subject matter, the
plaintiff submits that the issue of the validity of the 1980 Will was not
litigated or determined in Suit No.1. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

PCS, pp 98–100.

This first consolidated action concerned the issue of the extent of the
plaintiff’s beneficial interest in the Property. Although the 1980 Will was
introduced as evidence to counter the plaintiff’s allegation that he had the
sole beneficial interest in the Property, the decision in Suit No.1 did not
involve the question of the validity of the 1980 Will. He relies upon the
grounds of decision (2014 Judgment at [63]) where the Judge expressly made no
observations on the validity of the two wills by the mother, stating:
“[w]hatever the strict legal position may be as a result of the mother’s 1980
will having been proved and her 1981 will being unproved”.

78 The issue of identity of subject matter is not as simple as the plaintiff
contends, however. It involves, first, what had been litigated and, secondly,
what had been decided: Lee Tat at [15]. In Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong
(Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd and another and
another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 814 (at [167]–[170]), the Court of Appeal
affirmed three “discrete conceptual strands” enunciated in Goh Nellie by
Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) as being an accurate explication of the
identity of the subject matter requirement:

(a) First, the court held that the issues must be identical in the sense that
the prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceedings
and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not
have changed or should be incapable of change (Goh Nellie at [34]).

(b) Second, the previous determination in question must have been fundamental
and not merely collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could
not stand without that determination (Goh Nellie at [35]).

(c) Third, and finally, the issue should be shown to have in fact been raised
and argued (Goh Nellie at [38]).

79 The first conceptual strand is the most easily dealt with of the three. The
facts and circumstances surrounding the preparation, execution and contents of
the 1980 Will clearly have not changed and are incapable of being changed.

80 I next consider whether the issue was raised and argued. Having perused the
plaintiff’s AEIC and the transcripts in Suit No.1, it cannot be denied that
the plaintiff had made allegations that his parents’ 1980 wills did not
reflect their testamentary intentions. At trial, the 1st defendant was also
cross-examined on the 1980 Will. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2 AB, pp 1269–1274 (Suit No.1 Transcript).

The plaintiff’s AEIC clearly contained claims that the brother may have
exerted pressure on the mother in executing the 1980 Will:

125 Unbeknownst to me at that time, [my mother] had made a [sic] earlier will
on 15 April 1980 appointing [my brother and his wife] … to be the
executor/executrix of her estate and giving the 1/5 share of the “leasehold
land and premises [in the Property]” to her grandson and [my brother’s] son
...

127 Looking at the dates of the 2 wills purportedly made by my parents which
were in 1980, these wills were made after my altercations with [my brother] in
1979 when he took steps in contradiction to the Family Arrangement.

128 I believe that [my brother] may have exerted some pressure on my parents
to make the wills in 1980. This was consistent with [my brother’s] action …
due to his ongoing grudge against me after our altercations in 1979. The fact
that [my brother] was one of the witnesses to both wills made by my parents is
telling of his influence on them. In addition, the wills…gave their respective
1/5 shares to [my brother’s] sons …

129 Another telling fact that my parents did not willingly make their 1980
wills was for a leasehold property ... The Subject Property is instead a
freehold property … I believe that these may have been deliberate mistakes on
my parents’ part to try to render the purported gift of their respective 1/5
share in the Subject Property ineffective.

[emphasis added]

81 I therefore find it rather disingenuous that the plaintiff claims now that
“[n]o argument was made … on the specific issue of the validity of the 1980
Will”. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCS, para 174.

Although the plaintiff had not earlier sought to declare the 1980 Will invalid
or to seek a revocation of the relevant grant of probate, the same allegations
regarding the mother’s testamentary capacity and intention were previously
canvassed by the plaintiff. Issue estoppel precludes an issue of fact or law
which was necessarily decided and concluded in favour of one party in earlier
proceedings, even if the causes of action in question are not the same. Thus,
even if the validity of the 1980 Will was not a specific issue to be decided
in Suit No.1, I find that the issues regarding the mother’s testamentary
capacity in relation to the 1980 Will, which is key to any party propounding
or pronouncing against a will, has been raised and argued previously.

82 In the present action, the plaintiff rehashes the same arguments to
invalidate the 1980 Will, relying once again (see extract of the plaintiff’s
AEIC in Suit No.1 reproduced at [79] above) on the misdescriptions of the
Property in the 1980 Will, the fact that the brother was one of the witnesses
to the 1980 Will, and the fact that the beneficiary of the 1980 Will was the
brother’s son, a minor at that point in time, to suggest that the 1980 Will
was deficient. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

PCS, paras 74–78.

The 2014 Judgment also alludes to these issues.

83 Regarding the second criterion that the previous determination must have
been fundamental to the previous decision, the plaintiff argues that the
observations in the 2014 Judgment regarding the validity of the 1980 Will are
obiter dicta and hence merely collateral to the actual issues decided, being
the questions of resulting trust, constructive trust and proprietary estoppel
concerning whether the plaintiff could claim beneficial interest over the
entire Property. This is misconceived. The Judge’s express pronouncement on
the 1980 Will as reflecting the true testamentary intention of the mother,
without any pressure or influence, was a determination fundamental to the
Judge’s factual finding that a family arrangement did not exist. This is clear
from the following extracts from the 2014 Judgment:

104 Finally, the plaintiff suggests that his parents’ separate 1980 wills do
not reflect their true testamentary intentions. In both wills, the Property is
misdescribed in two respects. First, the address is given as 8 … rather than
8A … Second, the Property is described as being leasehold when in fact it is a
freehold property. The plaintiff suggests that these are errors his father
would have been expected to note and correct before he and the mother signed
their wills. The plaintiff invites me to infer from the failure to do so that
his parents did not sign their wills willingly and deliberately left the
errors uncorrected to make their gifts to their grandchildren void.

105 There was nothing to the plaintiff’s suggestion. I reject it. The lot
number of the Property is correctly set out in both of the 1980 Wills … and is
the same lot number referred to in the mother’s 1981 acknowledgement prepared
by the plaintiff … The misdescription of the tenure of the Property and its
street address was to my mind an inconsequential error that had no bearing on
his parents’ true testamentary intention or on this case.

106 In the premises, I find that the family arrangement as described by the
plaintiff did not exist.

[emphasis added]

From the above, it is clear that the Judge considered whether the 1980 Will
reflected the mother’s true testamentary intention and rejected the
plaintiff’s suggestion that it did not, before finding that the family
arrangement as alleged by the plaintiff did not exist. Conversely, if the
Judge had agreed with the plaintiff’s suggestion that the father’s and
mother’s 1980 Wills did not reflect their respective testamentary intentions
(with the legal consequences of such a determination being that the wills are
not valid), it would have been consistent with a family arrangement as alleged
by the plaintiff. It would have led to the conclusion that he was the owner of
the entire beneficial interest in the Property even though it was registered
in the names of all five family members. Hence, I do not consider the Judge’s
determination on the issue to be merely collateral. Such a finding was
necessary for the Judge to delineate the totality of facts in order to assess
and determine the existence of the family arrangement, which was the very
factual basis of the legal rights being asserted by the plaintiff in that
suit.

84 Accordingly, the requirement of identity of subject matter is met.

Identity between the parties

85 Turning to the last requirement of identity between the parties, I also
find that this is satisfied on the present facts. The courts have not taken a
narrow view in relation to this requirement. Instead, the courts have focused
on the substance as opposed to the form in considering whether, in substance,
the parties involved in the two sets of proceedings are effectively “the same
parties or their privies” (Hunter v Chief Constable of the West Midlands
Police [1982] AC 529 at 541; see also Lee Tat at [14] and Goh Nellie at [33]).
In the present case, the instigator of both suits are the plaintiff, and the
1st defendant is also sued in her capacity as executrix of the mother’s estate
in both. The 2nd defendant not being a party to the earlier suit does not
preclude the application of issue estoppel with regard to the requirement of
identity between the parties. The defendants submit, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DCS, paras 34–35.

and I agree, that the effective parties are the same in both actions.

86 Hence, I conclude that the judgment in Suit No.1 was a final and conclusive
judgment on the merits and there were both identity of subject matter and
parties in both suits: issue estoppel applies in relation to the particular
issue of the validity of the 1980 Will.

Extended res judicata

87 In the event that I am wrong on the point of issue estoppel, abuse of
process would apply (see above at [31]–[43]). I am of the view that this issue
ought to have been litigated in the earlier actions.

88 In this context, I make clear that I do not accept the plaintiff’s
suggestions that there were documents pertaining to the validity of the 1980
Will that surfaced recently. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

P’s AEIC, para 217.

These documents, such as the papers in relation to the application of the
Grant of Probate in relation to the 1980 Will, could have easily been obtained
much earlier by the plaintiff if he had put the issue in play. Indeed, if he
had raised the matter in the earlier suits, the discovery process would likely
have yielded the information, as was the case in the present suit. These were
not material which “could not by reasonable diligence have been adduced” (see
Arnold v National Westminster Bank plc [1991] 2 AC 93 at 108–109).

Did the mother approve the 1980 Will?

89 The plaintiff is not pleading that the mother had no mental capacity when
executing the 1980 Will or 1981 Will; he gave evidence at trial that she had
the ability to understand that the Property belongs to her as a legal owner
registered in title deeds, that she knew the consequences of signing a will,
and that she knew the contents of the 1981 Will and had approved it. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript dated 14 November 2016, pp 60–63.

90 There being no issues as to the mother’s testamentary capacity in relation
to the execution of the 1980 Will, a rebuttable presumption would arise that
the testator knew and approved the contents of the will unless the plaintiff
is able to show suspicious circumstances surrounding the preparation and
execution of the 1980 Will: Muriel Chee at [46]. The suspicious circumstances
that the plaintiff raises are not convincing. The argument that the
beneficiary of the 1980 Will is not really the mother’s favourite grandchild
does not prove that the 1981 Will was not executed validly. Further, any
suggestion of undue influence on the mother in her execution of the 1980 Will
is not persuasive. The mother was not living with the brother’s family at the
time. The plaintiff attempts to cast Ms Tay, the lawyer involved with the
execution of the 1980 Will, as being not completely independent because she
took instructions directly from the brother regarding the execution of the
1980 Will. Ms Tay explained that she was not aware of the relationship between
the brother and the beneficiaries. To the extent that Ms Tay, just like the
lawyers who executed the 1981 Will at [69] above, was not able to recall the
details surrounding the execution of the 1980 Will, 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript dated 21 November 2016, pp 58–60.

her evidence do not go either way with regard to any inferences as to the
circumstances surrounding the execution of the 1980 Will.

91 I also reject the plaintiff’s contention about the mother executing two
different versions of the 1980 Will. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

P’s AEIC, paras 24–27.

The typewritten content in the two different alleged versions are exactly
identical, with only minor differences in the texts that was handwritten on
the two different “versions” such as the placement of a full stop, placement
of the word “me” (whether the phrase “Explained by me” was written all in one
line or had ended with a run-on line with “me” on a second line), and the
placement of the word “Solicitor” in “Advocate & Solicitor” (similar
difference as “me” as to whether it appeared on the first or fell to the next
line). 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

P’s AEIC, para 26(c).

The plaintiff uses these differences to argue and somehow speculate about how
there was some form of undue influence on the part of the brother in obtaining
the two originals. He speculates that the brother knew it was not the mother’s
genuine intention to bequeath her share of the Property to her grandson and
thus the brother ensured that two original 1980 Wills were executed so that he
would be able to retain one original for safekeeping immediately after the
mother’s execution of the same (to insure against the possibility he was
afraid of, that the mother would destroy the 1980 Will that she executed). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P’s AEIC, paras 157–158.

He then goes on to speculate that the brother kept the original of his version
so well that he was unable to locate it when seeking the grant of probate in
1989 with regard to the 1980 Will. These contentions are in the realm of pure
speculation. Ms Tay explained on the stand that her practice was to have
testators sign both the original will and a carbon copy, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript dated 21 November 2016, pp 103–104.

and I accept her explanation, which I find plausible and reasonable.

92 The plaintiff raised two general matters that were not relevant to the
preparation and execution of the 1980 Will. The first comprised queries as to
why the 1st defendant could not recall the earlier probate or why she did not
obtain probate eventually in DCP 926/2009 when the grant in Probate 25/1990
was limited until the original will is admitted. The second related to the
failure on the brother’s and the 1st defendant’s part to notify him of the
earlier probates. While neither argument dislodges the presumption, I deal
with them for completeness.

93 The 1st defendant’s explanation for the recent probate stemmed from her
strained relationship with her husband from the early 1990s, and the two began
living separately from around 1994. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

D1’s AEIC, para 63.

The 2nd defendant also testified that his relationship with his father was
“distant”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2016, p 34.

He testified that he reminded his mother after the passing of his father. I
accept the 1st defendant’s evidence that it was mainly the brother that
handled on his own the legal and probate matters concerning the brother, the
mother and the plaintiff and that it was only after the brother’s passing that
she started to look into the matter. I am also not convinced that it is
suspicious merely because the 1st defendant failed to pursue DCP 926/2009
further. It was in late September 2010 when the 1st defendant’s former
solicitors were informed of the earlier 1990 grant of probate. Consequently,
the solicitors wrote on 25 February 2011 to retrieve the original 1980 Will
for admission to which they received a reply on 7 March 2011 to file a formal
application. It is clear also from the grandson’s evidence that the 1st
defendant’s attention was focused on the litigation in Suit No.1 after the
plaintiff began to allege his beneficial ownership over the entire Property
from April 2011. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript dated 18 November 2016, p 57.

After this, the 1st defendant in her capacity as executrix of both estates for
the mother and the brother sought an order for sale of the Property in Suit
No.3 pursuant to the 2014 Judgment. The present suit by the plaintiff followed
thereafter. In the circumstances, there has not been any unreasonable delay on
the 1st defendant’s part.

94 Next, the plaintiff claims that it is suspicious that the brother and/or
the 1st defendant did not notify or contact him about Probate 25/1990. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

P’s AEIC, paras 176–180.

This is a non-starter as there was no such obligation to do so when the
plaintiff was neither the executor nor the beneficiary under the 1980 Will.
Further, as the plaintiff himself notes, the relationship between the two
brothers was already strained during that period. Not contacting the plaintiff
when they were not obliged to would just evince such a strained relationship
and did not indicate any relevant suspicious circumstances as to the execution
of the 1980 Will.

95 For the reasons stated above, I find that the presumption operates and
there is no basis to any of the plaintiff’s arguments on the invalidity of the
1980 Will.

Extended delay

96 The plaintiff’s delay in coming forward with the 1981 Will is significant
in this case. The plaintiff’s present action is 29 years after the mother
passed away on 20 November 1986 and 9 years after the brother passed away on 7
January 2006. Counsel for the plaintiff contended there was similarly delay on
the part of the defendants. I disagree. As explained at [93], the defendants
took action once they were reasonably in a position to do so.

No applicable statutory limitation period

97 Initially, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s action was barred
by the 12-year limitation period under ss 9(1) read with 10(2) of the
Limitation Act from the date of the mother’s demise. The plaintiff pointed out
that s 9 of the Limitation Act only applies to actions concerning an action by
a person with legal title to the land against an adverse possessor.
Defendants’ counsel conceded the point during oral closing submissions.
Parties are thus in agreement that no limitation period is applicable to
probate claims. I note in passing that this was also the assumption of the Law
Reform Committee in its 2007 Report: see Law Reform Committee, Singapore
Academy of Law, Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Review of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163) (February 2007) at [88].

Laches

98 The Plaintiff also argues that the doctrine of laches ought not to apply,
as the claim is not an equitable one. The defendants do not counter directly
on laches, contending instead that the protracted delay caused prejudice such
that it would be unconscionable for the claim to succeed. The defendants do
not fully articulate their contention as to unconscionability, but their
argument rests in part on the 2014 Judgment, in which laches was applicable to
the equitable claim.

99 Insofar as the argument touched on laches, it should be noted that,
contrary to the assumption of the plaintiff, whether laches could apply may be
open to argument.

100 In eSys Technologies Pte Ltd v nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd [2013] 2
SLR 1200 (“eSys Technologies”), the Court of Appeal (at [37] and [38]) adopted
Andrew Ang J’s observations in Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals
International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 (“Cytec Industries”) that an
equitable defence of laches has no application in a case where a legal remedy
was sought to enforce a legal right, and where a statutory limitation period
applied. Laches would be relevant only when the equitable jurisdiction of the
court is being invoked. Both eSys Technologies and Cytec Industries involved
causes of action where statutory limitation periods applied. In arriving at
their decision, the Court of Appeal noted that their previous decision in
Management Corporation Strata Titles Plan No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd
[2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 (“De Beers”) (where the doctrine of laches was applied to
a common law claim in restitution even though no equitable relief was sought)
could be distinguished on the basis that a claim in restitution did not appear
to fit neatly into any of the causes of action set out in s 6 of the
Limitation Act and that there was an underlying thread that “it would be
contrary to both logic as well as public policy for there to be no applicable
time constraint whatsoever to a claim founded on restitution as opposed to
contract or tort” (eSys Technologies at [41], emphasis added). The Court of
Appeal declined to express any conclusive view on whether the doctrine of
laches is applicable to a common claim (eSys Technologies at [42]) and left
this issue to a future court for determination.

101 In Canadian and Australian jurisdictions, laches has been held to apply to
probate actions. Thus, Haley J in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice case
of Oestreich v Brunnhuber [2001] WDFL 406; OJ No 338 considered that a court
should not be limited by the strict differentiation between law and equity. He
also cited an Ontario High Court case of Re O’Reilly (No 2) (1980) 28 OR (2d)
481 (affirmed on appeal by the Ontario Court of Appeal), where Rutherford J
held that an unreasonable delay in seeking grant of letters of administration
amounted to laches and acquiescence. The Ontario jurisdiction, similar to
Singapore, has no time limitation in statute within which a person is required
to prove a will in solemn form. In Bermingham v Bermingham [2007] OJ No 1320,
the Ontario Superior Court of Justice again reviewed the cases about the
doctrine of laches in the context of a belated claim to have a will proved in
solemn form. While noting the availability of the equitable defence of laches
in probate proceedings, Perrell J stated at [54] “a judicial reluctance to
employ these doctrines to preclude proof of the Will in solemn form because it
is a sound policy to have the validity of a Will scrutini[s]ed when there are
any suspicious circumstances or there is a reasonable doubt about the
testamentary capacity of the testator or testatrix”. Thus, although laches
could apply as a defence, the competing policy consideration of ensuring that
the true wishes of testators are given effect is still emphasised.

102 In New South Wales, the Supreme Court also considered that laches may bar
probate proceedings, provided that “other features beyond mere delay” are
present (Dickman v Holley (estate of Simpson) [2013] NSWSC 18 at [136]). Other
Australian authorities that accept that the defence of laches can apply in
probate proceedings include Re Goode (1890) 11 NSWR (Eq), Bramston v Morris
(Powell J, Supreme Court of New South Wales unreported, 20 August 1993;
BC9303644) and Bowler v Bowler (Young J, Supreme Court of New South Wales
unreported, 18 December 1989) (“Bowler”).

103 These authorities would suggest that the defence of laches could be
applied to probate proceedings; at the same time, because of the policy to
give effect to the wishes of testators, the threshold for a defence of laches
to succeed is higher in probate proceedings than in other situations: see
Young J (as he then was) in Bowler at 37. Nevertheless, this point has not
been argued by parties and I do not rely upon it. Neither does the outcome of
this case turn upon the point. I mention this in the event that parties take
this case further.

104 As a factual matter, if the defence of laches was indeed available, I
would not hesitate to find that it is made out on the facts. I am satisfied
that it would be unconscionable to allow the plaintiff to pursue his claim
based on the length of the delay and of the plaintiff’s inaction in
pronouncing the 1981 Will that he had since the demise of the mother in 1986.
Nothing precluded him from doing so and he has not put forth any satisfactory
explanation. Contrary to his assertions, his ability to prove the 1981 Will is
in no way contingent upon knowledge of the 1980 Will. Similar to the views of
the Judge in the 2014 Judgment at [129], in my opinion, the delay here greatly
prejudices the defendants in their ability to defend the claim because it has
deprived the defendants of direct evidence of the witnesses with personal
knowledge of the circumstances surrounding the execution of the 1981 Will. The
solicitors who prepared and witnessed the execution of the 1981 Will have no
recollection of the events at the material time, and the physical file opened
for the 1981 Will is also no longer in their possession. With regard to the
contentions regarding the validity of the 1980 Will, the passing of the
brother also prejudices the defendants. Material evidence is no longer
available with the passing of almost three decades since the mother’s death
and a decade since the brother’s.

Conclusion

105 For the reasons set out above, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. I
pronounce against the validity of the 1981 Will and instead hold the 1980 Will
to be valid as prayed for in the counterclaim. I do not order for the original
will to be admitted into probate as further prayed in the counterclaim: as
explained to counsel prior to the end of the trial, the defendants should, in
these circumstances, apply administratively to the Probate Registry for a
further (cessate) grant under s 27 of the Probate and Administration Act (Cap
251, 1985 Rev Ed): see JI Winegarten, R D’ Costa & T Synak, Tristram and
Coote’s Probate Practice (LexisNexis, 30th Ed, 2013) at para 13.85. I shall
hear parties on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Foo Soon Yien, Beverly Ng and Gemma Tse (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff;  
Hee Theng Fong, Sharmini Selveratnam and Jaclyn Leong (Harry Elias Partnership
LLP) for the defendants.  
  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

