Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 292

Criminal Case No 67 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Muhammad Nor Haiqal Bin Shaman

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] – [Statutory offences] – [Misuse of Drugs Act] [Criminal
Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing]

* * *

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Muhammad Nor Haiqal bin Shaman

[2017] SGHC 292

High Court — Criminal Case No 67 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
18 September 2017

13 November 2017

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused pleaded guilty to and was convicted for three drug related
offences. The first involved having not less than 249.99g of methamphetamine
in his possession for the purpose of trafficking (“the First Charge”). The
second was for trafficking in not less than 97.9g of methamphetamine (“the
Fourth Charge”) and the third was for consumption of methamphetamine (“the
Fifth Charge”). Two other charges for trafficking in methamphetamine were
taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

2 The minimum sentence for the First Charge as prescribed by law is 20 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane whilst that for the Fourth Charge is 5
years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane. There is no mandatory
minimum sentence for the Fifth Charge. The learned DPP submitted that the
following sentences would be appropriate: a term of imprisonment of at least
28 years and 15 strokes of the cane for the First Charge; a term of
imprisonment of at least seven years and seven strokes of the cane for the
Fourth Charge; and a term of imprisonment of at least 12 months for the Fifth
Charge. The learned DPP argued that the sentences for the First Charge and
Fifth Charge should run consecutively, resulting in a global sentence of at
least 29 years’ imprisonment and 22 strokes of the cane.

3 The learned DPP asked for the ‘benchmark sentences’ to be applied,
submitting that the appropriate starting point for the First Charge would be
between 26 and 29 years’ imprisonment. Three main justifications were offered
to support the learned DPP’s submission for a sentence of at least 28 years’
imprisonment — the sophistication of the drug syndicate, the accused’s key
role in the drug operation and his being motivated by financial reward.

4 It is apparent that the drug syndicate under which the accused operated was
highly sophisticated. The syndicate’s mode of trafficking drugs was described
as such — the packets of methamphetamine would be disguised as boxes and
packets containing Chinese tea. The syndicate would then ship these boxes and
packets from China. They also used SingPost delivery services to send the
drugs to the residential unit where the accused stayed in. The learned DPP
compared this sophisticated modus operandi to the simpler ones adopted by
Malaysian-based syndicates which rely on individuals to personally import the
drugs into Singapore to justify the Prosecution’s submission that a higher
sentence ought to be meted out.

5 The operation as a whole may have the features of a sophisticated and
syndicated crime. But, when considering the sentence presently, one must also
not lose sight of other relevant factors. Although it is true that the overall
modus operandi of the syndicate was sophisticated, the role played by the
accused here was minimal. The accused was first approached by a co-accused,
Jivan, and was asked to help in exchange for obtaining drugs at a cheaper
price and the possibility of selling it on to others for a profit. A month
later, Jivan approached the accused again, saying that he had rented a place.
The accused asked if he could stay in the rented unit and Jivan agreed. It was
only then that the accused agreed to help with the drug operation. The
accused’s role was to receive parcels of drugs sent to Jivan and to repack and
deliver them on according to Jivan’s instructions.

6 At the time of arrest, the accused was 20 years old and a drug addict
himself. He agreed to help Jivan in part to feed his own addiction and in part
to secure a roof over his head. His involvement in the syndicate was limited
to helping Jivan and acting on Jivan’s sole instructions. He did not interact
with anyone else in the syndicate network. The accused was only involved in
the repacking and delivery of drugs for four months before being arrested.
There is no evidence that the accused had any role in or knowledge of the
sophistication of the operation.

7 I therefore imposed a sentence of 23 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of
the cane for the First Charge, five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of
the cane for the Fourth Charge and 1 year’ imprisonment for the Fifth Charge.
I ordered the sentence of the First Charge and the Fourth Charge to run
concurrently and the sentence of the Fifth Charge to run consecutively with
that of the First Charge and the Fourth Charge. This will result in a global
sentence of 24 years’ imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane. The terms of
imprisonment shall commence with effect from the date of arrest, 3 August
2015.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

April Phang and Tan Wee Hao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for prosecution  
K.P Allagarsamy (Allagarsamy & Co) for accused

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

