Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 227

Suit No 478 of 2015

Between

Marken Limited (Singapore Branch)  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Scott Ohanesian  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Employment Law] — [Contract of Service] — [Breach] — [Termination without
notice]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Rules of construction] — [Parol evidence
rule]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Marken Limited (Singapore Branch)

  
v

  

Scott Ohanesian

  

[2017] SGHC 227

High Court — Suit No 478 of 2015

  

Foo Chee Hock JC

  

31 July, 1–4, 10 –11, 23 August 2017; 26 September 2017

20 October 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 The defendant, Scott Ohanesian (“Scott”) was a “star employee” 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at p 109.

of Marken LLP (a US entity) and the plaintiff, Marken Limited (Singapore
Branch) (“Marken Singapore”), the Singapore branch office of Marken Limited (a
UK-incorporated company) (“Marken UK”). At the material time, Scott was
employed under an employment agreement entered into between Marken Singapore
and Scott in July 2012 (“the Employment Agreement”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Agreed Bundle (“AB”) at p 656.

He held the position of Vice-President, Commercial Operations, Asia Pacific
Region (“VP APAC”). His direct superior was Ariette van Strien (“Ariette”),
the Chief Commercial Officer of the Marken group, which comprised Marken
Singapore, Marken LLP as well as Marken UK. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ariette’s affidavit at paras 4 and 7.

The Marken group provided logistics services to pharmaceutical and life
sciences companies worldwide. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ariette’s affidavit at para 9.

2 The dispute centred on a purported breach of the Employment Agreement.
Marken Singapore alleged that Scott had prematurely terminated his employment.
5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DWS”) at para 2.

The effective date stipulated on the Employment Agreement was 1 June 2012
(even though it was only signed on 19 and 20 July 2012). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AB at pp 656 and 671.

In addition, Marken Singapore and Scott signed a subsequent agreement dated 5
November 2012 (“the Amendment Agreement”) on or about 27 November 2012. The
effect of this Amendment Agreement – specifically, whether it amended the
effective date of the Employment Agreement – was a critical point on which
both parties took diametrically opposed positions.

3 Another key aspect of the Employment Agreement was its provision for an
“international assignment” to Singapore (“International Assignment”). Under
clause 1 of the Employment Agreement, the International Assignment was to last
for a period of two years. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at p 656.

Many of the clauses in the Employment Agreement catered for an overseas stint.
For instance, there were provisions for relocation and set-up allowance
(clause 7), flights home (clause 9), and travel allowance (clause 5). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at p 657.

Reference was also made to payment in Singapore dollars (clauses 3, 4, 5 and
8), public holidays in Singapore (clauses 2 and 11), insurance covering
healthcare and dental treatment in Singapore (clause 13) and Singapore
legislation (clause 25). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AB at pp 656, 657, 658 and 660.

I will revisit the significance of some of these below.

4 Marken Singapore’s case, in a nutshell, was that Scott had breached the
Employment Agreement by prematurely terminating the agreement without first
giving the requisite six months’ notice. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PWS at para 92.

For Scott’s purported breach of the Employment Agreement, Marken Singapore
claimed for loss of profits of approximately US$1,643,014 and/or damages
arising from Marken Singapore’s “deprivation of the opportunity to negotiate
payment in exchange for releasing Scott from his notice period”. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at pp 21–22.

On a broader level, there were two parts to the present case – first, the
question of breach; and second, if breach was established, the question of
remedies. I will deal with them in turn.

5 It would be helpful to set out a few background facts at the outset. The
following provisions within the Employment Agreement were relevant:

This Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective June 1, 2012, and
supersedes any previous employment agreement with any entity within the Marken
Group …

…

1\. Definition of appointment

…

Your appointment with Marken commenced on March 7, 2011 and will count as
continuous service. Your transfer to the Singapore office will commence on Jun
1, 2012 and your international assignment will be for a period of two (2)
years. It is understood, however, that you may be required to work at other
Marken locations overseas during this international assignment.

…

25\. End of International Assignment

At the end of the international assignment, the Company will discuss career
opportunities with you. The company will pay for your repatriation to the US
or relocation to another location and cover relocation fees up to USD $10,000.
If you are to remain in Singapore, the Company will transfer you to a standard
Singaporean employment contract. All options will be discussed with you at the
end of your assignment.

6 The Amendment Agreement dated 5 November 2012 was intended to amend the
Employment Agreement, the question being whether it amended the effective date
of the Employment Agreement (see [2] above). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

AB at p 672.

The relevant portions of it were as follows:

This letter amends the terms of your employment contract and forms an integral
part thereof. The amendments are as follows:

Effective Date

The effective date of the agreement is November 1, 2012.

3\. Basic Pay and Cost of Living Allowance (COLA)

The midpoint exchange rate used will change to November 1, 2012.

…

4\. Cost of Living Allowance

The midpoint exchange rate used will change to November 1, 2012.

…

23\. Tax equalisation

Your tax residency for the purposes of equalisation will be ...........

Please sign below to confirm your acceptance of the above changes to your
employment contract of June 1, 2012.

7 It was undisputed that Scott left Marken Singapore’s employ on 1 June 2014.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Scott’s AEIC at para 50.

The question to be determined, therefore, was whether Scott was entitled to
terminate his employment under the Employment Agreement on that date. The
parties had different views of what the Employment Agreement entailed. Marken
Singapore mounted two alternative arguments. First, the Employment Agreement
contemplated that the International Assignment was a separate and standalone
“component” of the Employment Agreement. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“PWS”) at para 46.

Hence, while the International Assignment would last for two years, Scott’s
employment was to last for an indefinite period – until and unless the option
to terminate by giving six months’ notice was exercised. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PWS at paras 89 and 92; Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 64.

Second, even if the Employment Agreement and the International Assignment were
one and the same, the Amendment Agreement would have amended their effective
dates to 1 November 2012. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PWS at para 77.

8 Scott’s position, however, was that the “purpose of the Employment Agreement
was for the international assignment and nothing else”; 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DWS at para 23(a).

further, Scott’s role as VP APAC was Scott’s International Assignment. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DWS at para 23(b).

The effective date of the Employment Agreement as well as the date on which
Scott began his International Assignment and role as VP APAC was 1 June 2012.
19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DWS at para 23.

As for the Amendment Agreement, Scott’s primary position was that it only
sought to set out the effective date for the clauses mentioned within the
Amendment Agreement itself (clauses 3, 4 and 23) and did not amend the
effective date of the Employment Agreement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DWS at para 42.

9 Ultimately, the issues raised had to be determined through an exercise of
contractual interpretation informed by the relevant factual matrix as found by
the court. In my judgment, Scott’s position was the correct one. The effective
date of the Employment Agreement was 1 June 2012, and the employment term was
to last for two years therefrom. This effective date was not amended by the
Amendment Agreement. I now set out my reasons for finding that Scott had not
breached the Employment Agreement.

10 The principles of contractual interpretation were recently set out by the
Court of Appeal in Yap Son On v Ding Pei Zhen [2017] 1 SLR 219 (“Yap Son On”)
and Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway Point) Pte Ltd) [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Y.E.S.
F&B Group”). In essence, a two-step contextual approach was to be employed
(see Yap Son On at [28]):

The contextual approach to contractual interpretation in Singapore requires
the court to proceed in two broad steps …

(a) The first step requires consideration of whether the extrinsic evidence
sought to be adduced in aid of interpretation is admissible. This is a matter
governed by the procedural rules of the law of evidence, which governs what
and how facts may be proved.

(b) The second step is the task of interpretation itself, which involves
ascertaining the meaning of expressions used in a contract, taking into
account the admissible evidence. The rules which govern this process may be
found in the substantive law of contract.

11 Under the first step, it was settled law that even where there was no
ambiguity, extrinsic evidence of circumstances surrounding a contract would be
admissible to interpret it (and not contradict, vary, add to or subtract from
its terms) pursuant to s 94(f) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Evidence Act”). This general permissive approach was subject to the following
restrictions (see Yap Son On at [41]–[42]):

(a) The requirement that the nature and effect of the extrinsic evidence must
be pleaded with sufficient specificity;

(b) The requirement that the extrinsic evidence sought to be admitted must be
(i) relevant; (ii) reasonably available to all the contracting parties; and
(iii) relate to a clear or obvious context (the criteria set out in Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich Insurance”) (“Zurich criteria”));

(c) Sections 95 and 96 of the Evidence Act, which were absolute bars to
evidence falling within these provisions; and

(d) The bar against the admissibility of parol evidence of the drafters’
subjective intentions at the time of the conclusion of the contract unless
there was latent ambiguity.

12 Besides these restrictions, the issue of pre-contractual negotiations
merited further elaboration. The blanket prohibition on such evidence had been
removed in Zurich Insurance (see Zurich Insurance at [132(d)]), but the Zurich
criteria would have to be fulfilled before such evidence could be admitted
(see Xia Zhengyan v Geng Changqing [2015] 3 SLR 732 (“Xia Zhengyan”) at
[63]–[69]; HSBC Trustee (Singapore) Ltd v Lucky Realty Co Pte Ltd [2015] 3 SLR
885 at [50]). It should also be pointed out that the Court of Appeal had
commented in Xia Zhengyan that the contours of this rule of admissibility
remained an “open question” and that limits and safeguards might have to be
put in place (see Xia Zhengyan at [69]). Unfortunately, while both parties in
the present action pleaded and led evidence on the pre-contractual
negotiations leading to the Employment Agreement and the Amendment Agreement,
neither side addressed, as a matter of law, the admissibility of such evidence
for the purposes of interpretation (as was the case in Xia Zhengyan: see
[62]). In any case, I found that the Zurich criteria were satisfied in respect
of the pre-contractual negotiations (see [15]–[16] and [33] below) and I
admitted them as evidence so that they could be used to shed light on what the
contract meant (as was done in CIFG Special Assets Capital I Ltd (formerly
known as Diamond Kendall Limited) v Polimet Pte Ltd and others (Chris Chia
Woon Liat and another, third parties) [2017] SGHC 22 at [92]–[93]).

13 As for the second step (the task of interpretation), it was “the
objectively ascertained intentions of the parties that is relevant, and not
their subjective intentions” (see Yap Son On at [30]). Further, both the text
and context must be considered, and although “the text of [the parties’]
agreement would [usually] be of first importance”, if the text was ambiguous
then the “relevant context will generally be of the first importance” (see Yap
Son On at [30]; Y.E.S. F&B Group at [34]). A holistic approach should be
taken: the agreement should be construed as a whole and courts should not be
fixating on any particular word or phrase (see Zurich Insurance at [131]).

14 I turn to consider the present facts and issues arising in the light of the
above principles. At the outset, I agreed with Mr Chew (who represented Scott)
that clause 1 of the Employment Agreement was “clear and unambiguous” in
conveying the meaning that the “transfer to the Singapore office” was the
International Assignment, which would last for two years starting 1 June 2012.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DWS at paras 26–27.

I also found that Marken Singapore’s argument that the International
Assignment was a separate component of the Employment Agreement was an ex post
facto rationalisation. Indeed, Ms Ang (who represented Marken Singapore) could
not point to any provision within the contract that expressly and
unambiguously made a distinction between the International Assignment and the
Employment Agreement. It seemed absurd that the Marken group, a large entity
with access to legal advice, would leave such an important distinction
unexpressed and be content with relying on an alleged common understanding
that the International Assignment could begin only when Scott was
“consistently on the ground” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at pp 76–77.

to manage his team.

15 On the relevant context, the terms of the Employment Agreement were the
subject of negotiations up until mid-July 2012. On 14 July 2012, a draft of
the Employment Agreement was circulated to Scott and this draft sought to
amend the effective date of the Employment Agreement to 1 August 2012. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

AB at p 131.

But as of 1 June 2012, Scott had already begun to perform the role and
responsibilities of VP APAC (and this was not disputed by Marken Singapore).
It was for this reason that Scott sent an email reply on 17 July 2012,
requesting for the Employment Agreement to reflect 1 June 2012 as “the start
date of the assignment”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

AB at p 144.

In the same email, Scott also offered to extend the period of employment under
the Employment Agreement such that the contract would run from 1 June 2012 to
31 August 2014.

16 What occurred after this email was telling. In an internal email dated 17
July 2012, Ariette emailed Ms Doaa Fathallah (“Doaa”), the General Counsel and
Chief Administrative Officer of Marken UK, commenting that “Scott started
indeed in June”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at p 147.

It should be noted that Ariette was responding to Scott’s email where he
requested for the Employment Agreement to reflect 1 June 2012 as “the start
date of the assignment” [emphasis added]. Although Ariette said that Scott
meant his “assignment as VP commercial operations”, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript dated 3 August 2017 at p 18.

I found that her comment (to Doaa) was an acknowledgement that the
International Assignment had indeed started in June 2012. In any case, one
would have expected Doaa in her reply dated 19 July 2012 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AB at p 151.

to make it clear that the 1 June 2012 start date was only for the role of VP
APAC and not the International Assignment. The bigger point however was that
Ariette’s stark distinction between VP APAC and the International Assignment
was in the end unconvincing, especially in the light of her earlier evidence
that the role of VP APAC was “inseparable” from the International Assignment.
28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript dated 3 August 2017 at p 13.

17 Ms Ang argued that the International Assignment would only begin when Scott
had obtained his employment pass and moved to Singapore (“boots on ground”
argument), 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS at para 27(a); Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 58.

and that Scott’s offer (to extend the term of the employment: see [15] above)
was indicative of his appreciation of this. According to Ms Ang, end August
2012 was when Scott contemplated that he would arrive in Singapore. On the
other hand, Mr Chew submitted that Scott’s offer was a bid to finalise the
contract as soon as possible. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

DWS at para 23(f).

This was supported by the oral evidence of Scott when he was cross-examined by
Ms Ang. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript dated 10 August 2017 at pp 76–79.

18 I adopted Mr Chew’s submission and rejected Ms Ang’s suggestion. Scott’s
offer to extend the period of employment demonstrated his understanding that
if the effective date was 1 June 2012, the employment term would have ended
two years later, the last day being 31 May 2014, barring a further amendment
to extend the period of the employment. If it was Scott’s understanding that
under the earlier draft agreement (see [15] above) circulated on 14 July 2012,
the two-year International Assignment would only commence after Scott had
obtained his employment pass and moved to Singapore, then it would have been
unnecessary for Scott to make the offer in the 17 July 2012 email. It should
be recapitulated that in this later email, Scott had asked for “the start date
of the assignment” to be reflected as 1 June 2012; on an objective
ascertainment of the parties’ intentions, I found that Scott had offered to
extend the duration of the International Assignment (which had already started
at that time). This offer was not taken up by Marken Singapore.

19 Besides having regard to the parties’ negotiations, the court had to
undertake a holistic interpretation of the Employment Agreement. This entailed
the following considerations.

20 To begin, it was most telling that the parties to the Employment Agreement,
which was governed by Singapore law (clause 25), were Scott and Marken
Singapore. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB at pp 656 and 662.

Previously, Scott had been employed by Marken LLP. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Scott’s AEIC at para 9.

Notably, the Employment Agreement superseded all previous contracts (see the
recital of the Employment Agreement) between Scott and the Marken group, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB at p 656.

and was also the same contract that governed Scott’s employment after he
obtained his work permit and moved to Singapore.

21 It was significant that clause 25 of the Employment Agreement (set out
above at [5]) provided that there would be discussions on Scott’s career
opportunities at the end of the International Assignment, and that the options
on the table included repatriation back to the US, relocation to another
place, and a continuation of his stay in Singapore. All of these options would
require a new employment contract. Indeed, clause 25 did not impose any legal
obligation on Marken Singapore to retain Scott’s services at the end of the
two years. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 11.

22 The first two options (repatriation or relocation) would necessarily have
required Scott to enter into a new employment contract. This was because there
were numerous provisions in the Employment Agreement that would only be
suitable for a stint in Singapore (see above at [3]). For instance, clause 2
(labelled as “Hours of work”) provided that Scott might have to work on
“Singaporean Public Holidays”, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

AB at p 656.

and clause 11 provided that Scott would be granted 25 days of holiday “[i]n
addition to Singaporean Public Holidays”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB at p 658.

Clause 7, which related to relocation and set-up allowance, stipulated that
Marken Singapore would provide Scott with a “one bedroom flat in a suitable
area of Singapore” or reimburse him for rent expenses. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB at p 657.

Clause 13 provided that Marken Singapore would provide Scott with insurance
covering healthcare and dental treatment in Singapore. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB at p 658.

Even if Scott stayed on in Singapore (the third option), it was envisaged that
a new contract would be required – clause 25 provided that Marken Singapore
would transfer Scott to a “standard Singaporean employment contract” if he
chose to remain. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB at p 662.

23 Next, Ariette conceded during cross-examination that upon the conclusion of
the International Assignment, major “amendments” to most of the clauses in the
Employment Agreement would have been required, though it would be more
accurate to say – as Mr Chew framed it – “a new contract in essence” was
required. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at pp 102–108.

It was therefore not open to Marken Singapore to insist that the International
Assignment was merely a component of the Employment Agreement. To the
contrary, the Employment Agreement was coterminous with the International
Assignment. Its effective date was 1 June 2012 and its term expired two years
later.

24 It was necessary to consider clause 10 of the Employment Agreement, another
factor that Ms Ang relied on for the “boots on ground” argument (see [17]
above). Clause 10 provided that “[e]ngagement in an international assignment
is contingent on successful attainment of a visa to work in the host country”
[emphasis added]. It was undisputed that Scott had only obtained his
employment pass on 24 October 2012. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB at p 225.

On this basis, Ms Ang submitted that Scott’s International Assignment could
only have started on 1 November 2012. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

PWS at para 49.

With respect, I could not agree. I start by noting that clause 10 was at odds
with the bulk of the Employment Agreement. This clause, whose primary purpose
was obviously to protect Marken Singapore by ensuring that local laws would
not be breached, appeared to be a standard term 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at pp 16–17.

, and was left out of the negotiations leading to the Employment Agreement
between Marken Singapore and Scott. Given that specially agreed provisions
would trump inconsistent standard terms that had not been specifically
negotiated (see Zurich Insurance at [131]), the effective date of the
Employment Agreement, being the subject of focused negotiations, would
override any inconsistency that clause 10 could give rise to. In my view,
therefore, Ms Ang could not justifiably latch onto clause 10 to ground the
distinction between the Employment Agreement and International Assignment.

25 Even if clause 1 did not override the effect of clause 10, I agreed with Mr
Chew’s submission that clause 10 should be construed as a stipulation that
whilst the Employment Agreement and the International Assignment had
commenced, the Employment Agreement would have to be relooked at if Scott
subsequently failed to obtain his work visa. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DWS at para 35.

Mr Chew submitted that this was in line with how Marken Singapore expected the
visa application process to take place without a hitch. Indeed, there was
nothing to cater to the possibility that the visa application would be
unsuccessful. In fact, Simon Golan (“Simon”), a Senior Director of Tax &
Corporate Affairs of Marken UK, had in an email dated 16 May 2012, raised this
concern to Doaa, but no amendments were made to address such a possibility. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS at para 36; AB at p 74.

26 At trial, Ariette insisted that “contingent” in clause 10 did not, as Mr
Chew contended, mean “provided that”, but meant “dependent on”. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at p 92; DWS at para 35.

Interpretation, however, was not merely a question of dictionary definitions;
the court was entitled to depart from the plain and ordinary meaning conveyed
by a word or expression, and the interpretation Mr Chew put forward was
certainly one that the word could reasonably bear (see Yap Son On at [31]).

27 Another factor that detracted from Marken Singapore’s submission was
Scott’s proposal that he sent to Ariette on 9 December 2011. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS at para 22(b); AB at p 39.

In this document, Scott set out a rough plan of how he intended to carry out
his role as VP APAC over the two-year period. It was apparent that Marken
Singapore did not wish to put much weight on the proposal. Whatever could be
said about the proposal, it clearly debunked the notion that residence in
Singapore was contemplated to be a necessary condition of the International
Assignment since only eight out of the 24 months would be spent in Singapore.
49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript dated 11 August 2017 at pp 96–97.

In the premises, I rejected the “boots on ground” argument and Marken
Singapore’s primary position.

28 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the transfer to the Singapore
office was Scott’s International Assignment; the Employment Agreement’s sole
purpose was to cater for Scott’s International Assignment in Singapore; and
Scott’s term of employment under the Employment Agreement, the International
Assignment and his role as VP APAC commenced from 1 June 2012 and lasted for 2
years thereafter.

29 Turning next to Marken Singapore’s alternative submission, I took the view
that the Amendment Agreement only amended the effective date of the three
clauses (3, 4 and 23) referred to therein.

30 At the outset, I should address Ms Ang’s attempt, during closing
submissions, to rely on an internal email between Simon and one Marion Abascal
(“Email”). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

AB at p 235.

The Email was also copied to Doaa and two others. I agreed with Mr Chew’s
objection to the admissibility of the Email. The Email was clearly evidence of
Marken Singapore’s subjective intention, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 93.

and even if there was latent ambiguity in the present case (see [32] below),
the Email was not pleaded with sufficient specificity (see [11(a)] above). In
fact, it was nowhere to be found in Marken Singapore’s pleadings. In Yap Son
On, the Court of Appeal explained that one of the “critical benefits” that
adherence to the pleading requirement would bring was “procedural fairness and
substantive justice”, the concern being that no party or the court should be
“taken by surprise at the trial” (see Yap Son On at [49(b)]). This concern
weighed heavily in the present case as Simon (the drafter of the Email) had
neither given evidence nor been cross-examined on the Email or for that
matter, on the Amendment Agreement. More importantly, Scott was deprived of
any opportunity to address the meaning of the Email. Despite the timeous
objections by Scott, Ms Ang only adduced the Email and attempted to justify
its admissibility in her closing submissions. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 93.

31 The Email also failed to satisfy the Zurich criteria (see [11(b)] above)
because it was not reasonably available to all the contracting parties and it
did not relate to a clear or obvious context. As regards the requirement of
reasonable availability, the Court of Appeal had held that the terms of a
contract “could only be interpreted by reference to material which all the
parties to the agreement would reasonably have had access to” at the time of
the contract (see Yap Son On at [53(b)]; Zurich Insurance at [125(b)]).
However, Ms Ang did not show that it was available to Scott at the time of
contract. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at p 97.

As regards the requirement of a clear or obvious context, the Court of Appeal
had held that the evidence sought to be admitted must allow the court to
“objectively ascertain a clearly defined or definable intention held by both
parties” (see Yap Son On at [53(c)]). In the present case, the Email standing
on its own served no clarificatory purpose. I therefore decided not to admit
the Email as evidence.

32 Turning to the second stage of interpreting the Amendment Agreement (see
above at [6]), the central issue concerned the meaning of the word “agreement”
in the sentence “[t]he effective date of the agreement is November 1, 2012”.

33 As a matter of context, it was significant that the only discussions
carried out prior to the Amendment Agreement were between Simon and Scott. It
must be emphasised that Simon’s role was primarily tax-related and the
negotiations between the two of them pertained solely to the applicable
exchange rate and tax. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript dated 3 August 2017 at p 47.

There were no discussions as to the changes that had to be made to the
effective date of the Employment Agreement or the International Assignment. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DWS at para 39(f); Scott’s AEIC at para 44; Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 2) at para 28.

It was also material that Ariette was not part of the discussions leading up
to the Amendment Agreement and claimed to have no personal knowledge of what
had actually transpired, 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at p 99.

whereas she had previously been actively engaged in pre-contractual
negotiations resulting in the Employment Agreement in July 2012. As it stood,
the Amendment Agreement was an agreement that Scott and Marken Singapore
entered into after Scott had partaken in negotiations related to the
applicable exchange rate and tax with Simon, a “tax guy”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript dated 10 August 2017 at p 66.

In the light of the fact that there were negotiations amongst Scott, Doaa and
Ariette focusing on the effective date stipulated in the Employment Agreement,
I found it improbable that having regard to the workings of the Marken group,
this date could be reset by the “tax guy” after discussions that focused on
tax and exchange rate matters.

34 In respect of the construction of the Amendment Agreement, Ms Ang submitted
that the purpose of the Amendment Agreement was to reflect the fact that Scott
effectively remained in the employ of Marken LLP up until 1 November 2012.
This was also why Scott had continued to be paid his salary by Marken LLP up
until that point, 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB at p 226.

and had indicated in his tax filings that the commencement date of his
employment with Marken Singapore began on 1 November 2012. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB at p 631.

35 These arguments were misconceived. The Employment Agreement was the only
contract that governed Scott’s employment with any entity belonging to the
Marken Group from 1 June 2012 onwards. As the recital of the Employment
Agreement stated, the Employment Agreement would “[supersede] any previous
employment agreement with any entity within the Marken Group”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB at p 656; Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at p 102; Transcript dated 23
August 2017 at pp 5–6.

It should also be noted that Ariette’s evidence was consistently that the
Amendment Agreement had been meant to “finalise” the start date of the
International Assignment, and not to reflect Scott’s transfer of employment
from Marken LLP to Marken Singapore. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ariette’s AEIC at paras 28 and 44; Transcript dated 2 August 2017 at p 77.

How Scott was remunerated for his services was a payroll matter that the
Marken group had the flexibility to deal with. The fact remained that the only
binding agreement that Scott was under from 1 June 2012 was the Employment
Agreement. One should also not read too much into Scott’s indication of 1
November 2012 as the start date of employment in his tax filings. Instead, the
date was stated as such for the computation of tax payable to the Singapore
authorities, 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript dated 10 August 2017 at pp 13–15.

and did not undermine the effect of the recital of the Employment Agreement.

36 In the event, I found that as regards the Amendment Agreement, the common
intention of the parties was for the amendment of the date to 1 November 2012
to apply only to clauses 3, 4 and 23. To be sure, the fact that clauses 3 and
4 referenced a midpoint exchange rate of 1 November 2012 did not render the
amendment of date redundant. In the Employment Agreement, it could be seen
from clause 3 that even though there was a date on which the midpoint exchange
rate was to be determined, the parties to the Employment Agreement had
nonetheless set an effective date for clause 3. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AB at p 656.

37 For the foregoing reasons, Scott did not breach the Employment Agreement by
leaving Marken Singapore’s employment on 1 June 2014 (his last day being 31
May 2014). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DWS at para 3.

It is appropriate at this point to make an observation about how Marken
Singapore ran its case. As stated above at [7], two primary submissions were
made by Marken Singapore, and they were arguments made in the alternative. In
my view, however, the plaintiff’s arguments on the Amendment Agreement were
inconsistent with and struck at the heart of their primary position that the
International Assignment was a standalone component of the Employment
Agreement and both were not coterminous. If the parties’ common understanding
was truly that the International Assignment would commence only when Scott
obtained his employment pass and moved to Singapore, it would not have been
necessary to “reset” the effective date of the Employment Agreement by
entering into the Amendment Agreement. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DWS at para 50(d).

Marken Singapore could simply have made the necessary administrative records
or notifications to reflect the start of the International Assignment.

38 Based on my finding that Scott did not breach the Employment Agreement, the
issue of remedies was no longer live. Be that as it may, it was my view that
both heads of damages as pleaded were not sustainable. In respect of the loss
particularised in its amended Statement of Claim, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at pp 15–21.

Marken Singapore had failed to satisfy me that its methodology of determining
loss (of profits) (ie, essentially, a linear extrapolation of the contracts
that Scott had won in the preceding months of 2014) would allow the court to
assess the quantum of the loss suffered by Marken Singapore. While I
acknowledged that the analysis, capably presented and supported by Ariette,
may be accepted in a corporate boardroom, it was neither permissible nor apt
in proving losses in a courtroom, which also had its own rules on causation
and remoteness.

39 Even assuming arguendo that Marken suffered the loss of profits they were
claiming for (though I did not accept this), Marken Singapore’s claim for loss
of profits would also have failed for lack of causation and because it was too
remote. As regards causation, it should be noted that customer relationships
were forged between Marken Singapore – not Scott alone – and their respective
clients. Scott was one of the many employees handling Marken Singapore’s
client relationships. These employees included staff involved in day-to-day
customer service, regulatory staff, quality control staff and other business
development representatives. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

DWS at para 81(a); Transcript dated 4 August 2017 at pp 53–54 and 56.

Notwithstanding that Scott was a “star employee”, I could not conclude from
the evidence adduced that he was the “effective” or “dominant” cause for any
loss (see Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric [2007] 3
SLR(R) 782 at [60]). As for remoteness, I found that Marken would have faced
insurmountable difficulties in proving imputed or actual knowledge under
either limb of Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341; 156 ER 145 (see Out of
the Box Pte Ltd v Wanin Industries Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 363 (“Out of the Box”)
at [17]–[18]) such that he could foresee the type of loss as pleaded and
argued by Marken Singapore. In this regard, it was important to bear in mind
the proposition in Out of the Box that it would be “simplistic and ultimately
unhelpful to argue that a given head of loss is not too remote simply because
it could semantically be packaged within a broader category of loss that was
foreseeable by the contract breaker” (see Out of the Box at [44]). The
“special facts that pertain to the type and scale” (see Out of the Box at
[44]) of loss – like in the present case – must also be taken into account.

40 For completeness, I should add that Marken Singapore’s claim as regards the
lost opportunity to negotiate (as pleaded and argued before me) was
misconceived. The juridical basis of Wrotham Park damages – whether it was
compensatory or restitutionary – had been a vexed question (see, eg, Harvey
McGregor, McGregor on Damages (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2014) at para
14-030). Recently, the Court of Appeal in PH Hydraulics & Engineering Pte Ltd
v Airtrust (Hong Kong) Ltd and another appeal [2017] 2 SLR 129 clarified at
[80] that “Wrotham Park damages [were] largely accepted to be compensatory in
nature, although they are different, in substance, from a traditional award of
compensatory damages”. The Court of Appeal went on to explain at [82] that
although Wrotham Park damages were “a departure from the traditional loss-
based measure of damages, their primary purpose [could] still be said to be
compensatory, in that they protect a plaintiff’s interest in contractual
performance.” Leggatt J in Marathon Asset Management LLP v James Seddon [2017]
EWHC 300 (Comm) (“Marathon Asset”) explained that Wrotham Park damages were
“compensatory” in the broad sense that it was a “remedy which [was] awarded as
a response to a wrong done to the claimant”, though he also found that such
damages were “restitutionary” in the loose sense that it referred to an award
of money that was assessed by valuing a gain by the defendant (at
[199]–[200]). In Marathon Asset, Leggatt J also cautioned that a finding that
a claimant had failed to prove loss was “tantamount to a finding that the
claimant has not suffered loss, and the same legal consequence should follow”;
Wrotham Park damages would be a “just response” only where compensatory
damages were an “inherently inadequate remedy” (at [214]–[215]). In the
present case, while Marken Singapore had claimed for Wrotham Park damages, it
appeared to be just another way to dress up their claim for loss of profits 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

PWS at para 165.

– plainly a “traditional loss-based measure of damages”. Indeed, Marken
Singapore did not plead or prove that Scott had made gains pursuant to his
breach of contract. Further, Marken Singapore failed to convince me that this
was a case where compensatory damages were “inherently inadequate”. Instead, I
found that this was a case where Marken Singapore had not proven loss suffered
as a result of the alleged breach. All said, Ms Ang’s repeated appeals to the
“justice of the case” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2017 at pp 113–115, 119.

could not make up for Marken Singapore’s failure to establish a principled
basis or satisfy the necessary requirements for Wrotham Park damages.

41 I therefore dismissed Marken Singapore’s claim in its entirety. After
hearing the parties on costs, I ordered Marken Singapore to pay costs agreed
or taxed on the standard basis to Scott.

Foo Chee Hock

  
Judicial Commissioner

Celeste Ang, Sheik Umar, Lavania Rengarajoo and Omar Muzhaffar (Wong & Leow
LLC) for the plaintiff;

  

Chew Kei-Jin and Stephanie Tan (Ascendant Legal LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

