Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHCR 10

Suit No 362 of 2017

Between

| BASF INTERTRADE AG SINGAPORE BRANCH  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff(s)

And

| h&c s HOLDINGS PTE LTD  
---|---  
  
… Defendant(s)

judgment

[Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings]

[Arbitration – Exercise of discretionary case management powers]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BASF Intertrade AG Singapore Branch

  
v

  

H&C S Holding Pte Ltd

  

[2017] SGHCR 10

High Court — Suit No 362 of 2017 (Summons No 2237 of 2017)  
Tan Teck Ping Karen AR  
4, 10 July 2017

8 August 2017 Judgment reserved.

Tan Teck Ping Karen AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Defendant for a stay of this suit.

2 The Defendant’s application is based on two grounds:

(a) The suit should be stayed pursuant to Section 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A) (“IAA”) because the issues that arise in these
proceedings concern a dispute that falls within the ambit of an arbitration
agreement.

(b) Further and/or alternatively, pending the resolution of arbitration
proceeding the suit should be stayed pursuant to the Court’s inherent powers
of case management as the arbitration proceedings and the suit involve common
parties and issues.

Background facts

3 The Plaintiff and Defendant are companies engaged in commodities trading.
Since 2015, the Plaintiff and Defendant have been engaged in a number of
contracts involving the trading of petrochemicals.

4 Disputes have arisen between the parties concerning certain contracts. These
contracts may be broadly divided into two categories.

Category 1 Agreements

5 The first category comprise ten “wash-out” Agreements (“Wash-Out
Agreements”) and one “circle-out” Agreement (“Circle-Out Agreement”) entered
into between the Plaintiff and the Defendant (“Category 1 Agreements”).

6 Between November 2016 and February 2017, the Plaintiff and Defendant entered
into several contracts for the sale and purchase of consignments of Benzene or
Toulene. Under these contracts, either (a) the Defendant was the seller and
the Plaintiff was the buyer (“Sale Contract”) or (b) the Defendant was the
buyer and the Plaintiff was the seller (“Purchase Contract”).

7 Following this, between December 2016 and January 2017, the Plaintiff and
Defendant entered into ten Wash-Out Agreements. A Wash-Out Agreement pairs a
Sale Contract with a Purchase Contract and sets off the sums payable under the
two contracts. This oblivates the need for physical delivery of any cargo and
only requires one party to pay the other the difference between the relevant
Sale Contract and Purchase Contract.

8 In addition, the parties also entered into a Circle-Out Agreement on 25
January 2017. The Circle-Out Agreement involved the Plaintiff, Defendant and
two other parties, GS Caltex (“Caltex”) and SK Networks (“SK”). The Circle-Out
Agreement arose based on a chain of contracts between the Plaintiff,
Defendant, Caltex and SK under which 2,000 MT of Toulene was sold in a
“circle” (i.e. Caltex sold to Plaintiff, Plaintiff sold to Defendant,
Defendant sold to SK and SK sold back to Caltex). Under the Circle-Out
Agreement, the chain of contracts was settled without any physical delivery of
the Toulene cargo by any party in the chain. Instead, each party was to pay
its contractual counterparty in the underlying chain of contracts the
difference between the contract price and the price in the Circle-Out
Agreement. Accordingly, as part of the Circle-Out Agreement, the Defendant was
to pay the Plaintiff the difference between the price at which the Plaintiff
sold the Toulene cargo to the Defendant and the Circle-Out Agreement price.
The effect of a Circle-Out Agreement is similar to a Wash-Out Agreement in
that physical delivery of the underlying goods is obviated.

9 The Plaintiff claims that it is entitled to the aggregate sum of
US$4,368,230 based on these Wash-Out and Circle-Out Agreements.

Category 2 agreements

10 The second category comprise two Sales Contracts and two Purchase Contracts
between the Plaintiff and Defendant for consignments of Benzene to be
delivered within the month of April 2017 (“Category 2 Agreements”).

11 The Plaintiff claims an aggregate sum of US$426,000 as damages arising out
of the Defendant’s alleged repudiation of the Category 2 Agreements.

The dispute

12 The key dispute in this matter is whether the Defendant is bound by these
transactions which the Defendants say were purportedly entered into by the
Defendant’s former trading manager, Mr Peter Chia (“Chia”), in the absence of
any or in excess of his authority.

13 Chia was the Defendant’s trading manager from 13 April 2015 to 27 February
2017. During that time, Chia entered into various transactions for the sale
and purchase of petrochemicals on behalf of the Defendant. These transactions
were entered into with various traders, including the Plaintiff. Chia was
assisted by Mr Eddie Sim, an Operations Executive, who performed operational
task arising from Chia’s trades.

14 Prior to the middle of December 2016, Chia was authorised to enter into
“open” positions in trades which cumulatively added up to 3.000 MT of
petrochemical cargo at any one point of time. In the middle of December 2016,
Chia was instructed by the Defendant’s management to cease taking “open”
positions in trades, and that he was only authorised to trade on a “back to
back” basis.

15 An “open position” in trading refers to a situation where the Defendant
enters into a contract and commits to a particular buying or selling position
downstream, without having obtained or secured a corresponding selling or
buying position (as the case may be) upstream to “match” or “close out” the
trade.

16 A “back to back” basis trade refers to trades where the Defendant buys or
sells a quantity of cargo, having obtained or secured the corresponding sale
or purchase of the said cargo (as the case may be). In a “back to back” trade,
the Defendant would negotiate both the sale and purchase of a quantity of
cargo concurrently. Once the commercial terms (such as price, quantity and
shipment period) for both the sale and purchase of the said cargo are settled
with the potential buyers or sellers, the Defendant would then enter into buy
and sell contracts with these parties at roughly the same time.

17 “Back to back” basis trades are less risky as the Defendant would have
crystallised its margin for the trades at the time the sale and purchase
contracts are entered into. In comparison, an “open position” trade is risker
as the Defendant would be taking on the market risk, in particular price
movements, in the intervening period before the corresponding selling or
buying position (as the case may be) is entered into.

Arbitral Proceedings

18 After the commencement of this suit, the Defendant has commenced arbitral
proceedings in the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in
respect of, amongst others, the Purchase and Sale Contracts and the Wash-Out
Agreements that are the subject of the claims under Category 1 Agreements.

19 The Plaintiff has objected to the competence of SIAC to administer the
arbitral proceedings, and the jurisdiction of the tribunal to be appointed.
This jurisdictional challenge is pending before the SIAC Court.

The issues

20 The issues before me were as follows:

(a) Whether the Defendant’s standard terms which included an arbitration
clause were incorporated as part of the Sale Contracts and Purchase Contracts
which fall under the Category 2 Agreements such that the dispute between
parties is to be stayed pursuant to section 6 of the IAA.

(b) In the event, the arbitration clause is found to apply to the Sale
Contracts and Purchase Contracts, whether the arbitration clause extends to
and is applicable to the Wash-Out Agreements and Circle-Out Agreement which
comprise the Category 1 Agreements.

(c) Alternatively, whether the agreements under the Category 1 and Category 2
Agreements should be stayed pursuant to the Court’s inherent powers of case
management.

Category 2 Agreements

21 As the underlying contracts which formed the basis for the Category 1
Agreements are Sale Contracts and Purchase Contracts, I will start with an
analysis of whether the Defendant’s standard terms, including the arbitration
clause, have been incorporated as part of the Sale Contracts and Purchase
Contracts entered into between the parties.

22 Based on the documents provided, the parties began transacting with each
other from March 2015 and entered into both Sale Contracts and Purchase
Contracts. Regardless of whether the transaction was a Sale Contract or a
Purchase Contract, the documents show that in broad terms, each transaction
was negotiated and concluded in a largely similar manner, as follows:

(a) The parties would first agree on the key terms of respective Purchase or
Sale Contract that they wished to enter into.

(b) This would be followed by an email from the Defendant setting out the key
terms that were agreed and attaching the relevant Sales Contract or Purchase
Contract containing the Defendant’s standard terms, which included a term that
disputes be resolved through arbitration.

23 The Sales and Purchase Contracts that form the Category 2 Agreements did
not have an email from the Defendant attaching the respective Sales Contract
or Purchase Contract containing the Defendant’s standard terms. Accordingly,
the issue is whether the Defendant’s terms, including the arbitration clause,
applied to the Category 2 Agreements.

The Defendant’s arguments

24 The Defendant’s position is that, though the Defendant’s standard terms
were not sent by the Defendant to the Plaintiff in respect of the Category 2
Agreements, the course of conduct between parties showed a tacit agreement
between the parties that all the Purchase and Sale Contracts would be on the
Defendant’s standard terms. This is based on the following:

(a) The Defendant has provided documents in relation to 27 transactions
between the Plaintiff and Defendant dated from 9 March 2016 to 11 January
2017. Some of these transactions are Sale Contracts and some are Purchase
Contracts. Each of the transactions were prepared on the Defendant’s standard
terms. The Defendant says that Plaintiff did not once object to the fact that
these contracts were on the Defendant’s standard terms.

(b) On several occasions, the Defendant’s representatives had omitted to
provide the Plaintiff with the Sale and Purchase Contract. The Defendant has
produced documents to show that on some of these occasions, the Plaintiff had
asked the Defendant’s representatives to prepare and provide them with the
contract, which was prepared and provided on the Defendant’s standard terms.
The Defendant says that again the Plaintiff did not object to the fact that
those contracts were on the Defendant’s standard terms.

25 The Defendant’s standard terms contained an arbitration clause, which
provides:

13\. DISPUTE SETTLEMENT

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this contract, including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination shall, save as set
out below, be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration. Arbitrate
location shall be Singapore in accordance with the arbitration rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being
in force with rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this
clause. The tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator to be appointed by
the chairman of SIAC. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
Without derogating from the above, the seller may in its sole election and
discretion however commence legal proceedings against the buyer in or through
the courts of any competent jurisdiction as it deems fit.

The Plaintiff’s arguments

26 The Plaintiff’s position in respect of the Category 2 Agreements is simply
that on their face, none of the agreements contain an arbitration clause.
Further, none of the agreements make reference to the Defendant’s standard
terms. Therefore, there is no basis for the Category 2 Agreements to be
resolved by arbitration.

27 The Plaintiff submitted that the Plaintiff and Defendant never agreed or
understood that all contracts entered into between the parties would be on the
Defendant’s standard terms, as alleged by the Defendant. The Plaintiff says
that this would have been against industry practice where the sale and
purchase of goods is generally done on the seller’s terms. Given that the
Defendant was at times seller of goods and at times buyer of goods, it could
never be the case that all contracts between the parties would be governed
solely by the Defendant’s standard terms.

28 The Plaintiff also argued that there is no such thing as the “Defendant’s
standard terms” as each contract entered into stands alone on its own terms
and there is no reference in any of them to “standard terms”. It was submitted
that if there had been an agreement to use the “Defendant’s standard terms”,
there would have been no need for the Defendant to keep sending its contracts
over and asking the Plaintiff to accept the terms.

29 Further, the Plaintiff submitted that the Defendant has not been able to
show a single instance in which the Plaintiff has signed or accepted any of
the Defendant’s contracts.

30 Most importantly, the Plaintiff point out that the Defendant has not shown
that the Plaintiff actually performed any of the contracts in dispute under
the Category 2 Agreements.

31 The Plaintiff also submit that there is no course of conduct between
parties which incorporated the arbitration clause. The Plaintiff point out
that the Defendant has only managed to locate 17 contracts on the Defendant’s
standard terms that were sent to the Plaintiff out of which at most, 6
contracts were sent to the Plaintiff. It is argued that out of the numerous
individual contracts which were entered into, the fact that 6 contracts were
communicated to the Plaintiff hardly indicates an understanding that the
parties were contracting on the Defendant’s standard terms in respect of all
contracts entered into between the parties. I pause here to note that the
Plaintiff may have misunderstood the documents provided by the Defendant. The
6 instances referred here were the 6 instances in which the Defendant’s
representative, Mr Eddie Sim, had sent the contract to the Plaintiff which
were prepared on the Defendant’s standard terms. Apart from these 6 instances,
the Defendant subsequently provided other instances in which the other
representatives from the Defendant (apart from Mr Eddie Sim) provided
contracts on the Defendant’s standard terms to the Plaintiff in respect of
both Sale Contracts and Purchase Contracts.

32 The Plaintiff’s final argument is that the contracts that fall under the
Category 2 Agreements were all based on terms sent by a broker. The broker’s
terms do not refer to an arbitration clause nor do they incorporate the
Defendant’s standard clause. Therefore, the Plaintiff say that there is no
standard way of conducting business as no brokers were involved in the earlier
transactions relied on to establish a course of conduct.

My decision in respect of the Category 2 Agreements

The applicable legal principles

Stay in favour of arbitration

33 Section 6 of the IAA provides:

Enforcement of international arbitration agreement

6 – (1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to court to stay the proceedings related to
that matter.

34 The Court of Appeal in Tomolugen Holdings Ltd v Silica Investors Ltd [2016]
1 SLR 373 (“Tomolugen”) observed at [63] –[64] that a prima facie standard of
review applied when hearing a stay application under s 6 of the IAA:

…We agree that a Singapore court should adopt a prima facie standard of review
when hearing a stay application under s 6 of the IAA. In our judgment, a court
hearing such a stay application should grant a stay in favour of arbitration
if the applicant is able to establish a prima facie case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

Once this burden has been discharged by the party applying for a stay, the
court should grant the stay and defer the actual determination of the arbitral
tribunal’s jurisdiction to the tribunal itself. …

Course of conduct between parties

35 The Defendant relied on the Court of Appeal decision in R1 International
Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521 (“R1 International”) in support of its
position that the arbitration clause has been incorporate into the Sale
Contract and Purchase Contract by course of conduct.

36 In R1 International, the parties entered into five separate transactions
over the course of a year for the purchase of rubber. Each transaction was
concluded in a similar manner: Following the conclusion of negotiations, the
seller would send an email confirmation to the buyer. This would be followed
by a detailed contract note sent by the seller to the buyer which contained a
term which provided that disputes were to be resolved by arbitration. A
dispute arose in respect of the second transaction. The Court of Appeal held
that the terms containing an agreement to arbitration was incorporated as part
of the contract between parties.

37 In coming to its decision, the Court of Appeal in R1 International observed
at [51] to [53] that:

(a) First, an objective approach is to be adopted towards the question of
contractual formation and the incorporation of terms. This would turn on
ascertaining the parties’ objective intentions gleaned from their
correspondence and conduct in light of the relevant background which includes
the industry parties are in, the character of the document which contains the
terms in question and the course of dealing between the parties.

(b) Second, it is not uncommon for parties to first agree on a set of
essential terms which bind the parties even while there may be ongoing
discussions on the incorporation of other detailed terms.

(c) Third, although silence by one party may not by itself constitute
acceptance of the terms sent by the other party, silence is not fatal to a
finding that the terms sent have been accepted. The effect of silence is
context-dependant and the parties’ positive, negative or even neutral conduct
can evince acceptance.

38 One of the reasons which formed the basis for the Court of Appeal’s
decision was the fact (at [65]) that it was evident from the parties’ conduct
throughout the course of the five transactions that they both in fact
contemplated that the basic terms would be supplemented by a set of standard
terms.

The arbitration clause was incorporated by the parties’ course of conduct

39 On the facts before me, I am satisfied that the arbitration clause in the
Defendant’s standard terms were incorporated by the parties’ course of
conduct.

40 First, the Defendant has produced documents which show that 27 transactions
were entered into between the parties, all of which were prepared on the
Defendant’s standard terms, which included the arbitration clause. Prior to
the dispute in early 2017, which led to the commencement of this suit, there
is no evidence that Plaintiff had objected to the fact that the Defendant’s
standard terms applied to transactions between the parties.

41 The position that both parties accepted that the Defendant’s standard terms
applied to the transactions between parties is fortified by the evidence that
on several occasions when the Defendant had omitted to provide the Sale
Contract or Purchase Contract, the Plaintiff has specifically requested the
Defendant to prepare the contract, which was prepared on the Defendant’s
standard terms. There was no objection at that time by the Plaintiff to these
terms.

42 In light of the above, I am satisfied that the Defendant has shown a
consistent practice between parties which shows that the Defendant’s standard
terms, including the arbitration clause, apply by way of conduct to the
transactions between parties, regardless of whether it is a Sales Contract or
a Purchase Contract.

43 Second, I do not agree with the Plaintiff’s argument that it would be
against industry practice for all contracts between the parties to be on the
Defendant’s standard terms. As held in R1 International, an objective approach
is to be adopted in ascertaining the intention of the parties in respect of
the terms applicable to the contracts. Parties are free to depart from
industry practice and determine the terms which govern their contracts. The
conduct of parties from the evidence provided show that the intention of both
parties were to contract on the Defendant’s standard terms and these terms
would apply to the Category 2 Agreements which would likely have been
performed subject to these terms, but for the dispute that has arisen in
respect of Chia’s authority.

44 Third, the fact that the Plaintiff did not sign the contracts does not
affect the “contractual force” of the unsigned contracts. In R1 International,
the Court of Appeal at [76] stated:

… A party may request that a counter-signed copy of a document be returned but
whether this is an essential act to constitute a contract will depend on an
objective assessment of all the facts and circumstances, …

45 The objective evidence before me is that parties have engaged in 27
transactions from 9 March 2016 to 11 January 2017. Each of these transactions
followed a similar pattern (supra [22]). In each of these transactions, it
appears that the contract was not signed by the Plaintiff. However, the
Plaintiff did not object at any time to any of these contract and it would be
reasonable to presume, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, that the
Plaintiff performed these contracts without protest. Therefore, I am of the
view that the objective assessment is that the Plaintiff, by its conduct in
the 27 transactions, had accepted the Defendant’s terms and the fact that the
contracts were not signed did not affect the “contractual force” of the
unsigned contracts.

46 Fourth, the fact that the contracts that fall under the Category 2
Agreements were based on terms sent by a broker does not affect my decision
that the arbitration clause was incorporated by conduct. I note that 2
transactions amongst the 27 transactions provided by the Defendant were
transactions based on terms sent by a broker. The evidence is that the parties
did not treat these transactions in a different manner and had engaged in the
same course of conduct in respect of the transactions based on terms sent by
the broker. Therefore, the fact that the contracts that fall under the
Category 2 Agreements were based on terms sent by a broker is immaterial.

Conclusion on Category 2 Agreements

47 For the above reasons, I am satisfied that the arbitration clause which is
part of the Defendant’s standard terms has been incorporated as part of the
Sale Contracts and Purchase Contracts that comprise the Category 2 Agreements.

48 The dispute as to whether the Defendant is bound by the Category 2
Agreements would fall within the scope of the arbitration agreement. No
arguments were raised by the parties that the arbitration clause is null,
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed. Accordingly, I find that
the court proceedings in respect of the Category 2 Agreements is subject to a
mandatory stay under s 6 of the IAA.

Category 1 Agreements

49 I now turn to consider the Category 1 Agreements. As stated above, the
agreements which comprise the Category 1 Agreements arise when a Sale Contract
is paired with a Purchase Contract and the sums payable under the two
contracts is set off. This results in only one party having to pay the price
difference between these two contracts and all other obligations under the two
contracts are oblivated.

50 The issues to be considered in respect of the Category 1 Agreements are:

(a) Whether the Category 1 Agreements are subject to a choice of law clause;

(b) If the answer is in the negative, whether the arbitration clause which
applies to the underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts extends to the Wash-Out
and Circle-Out Agreements which comprise the Category 1 Agreements.

(c) If the answer to the second question is no, should the court exercise its
inherent power of case management to stay the court proceedings in respect of
the Category 1 Agreements.

Whether the Category 1 Agreements are subject to a choice of law clause

The position of the parties

51 The Plaintiff submits that the Category 1 Agreements is subject to a choice
of law clause which states:

… the parties hereby irrevocably agree that the courts of Singapore shall have
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in
connection with the agreement or its subject matter, formation, validity,
performance or termination …

52 The Plaintiff’s position is based on the following:

(a) Each of the Category 1 Agreements was made in writing and is evidenced by
(i) email correspondence between the Plaintiff and Defendant and (ii) a
written contract issued by the Plaintiff to the Defendant via email, which
contained the above choice of law clause.

(b) The Defendant never objected to the terms and conditions of the Category 1
Agreements, including the choice of law clause and is deemed to have accepted
these terms as there is a clause in the terms and conditions which state that
the Defendant is deemed to have accepted and agreed to the terms and
conditions unless written objection is received within two business days after
transmission of the contract to the Defendant.

(c) Despite the Defendant’s position that Chia lacked authority to enter into
the Wash-Out Agreements, the Defendant had ratified 11 Wash-Out/Circle-Out
Agreements. These agreements are not part of this present suit.

53 The Defendant disagrees with the Plaintiff’s position that the Plaintiff’s
terms, including the choice of law clause applies to the Category 1
Agreements.

54 The Defendant submits that the choice of law clause does not apply to the
Category 1 Agreements for the following reasons:

(a) The Wash-Out Agreements and the Circle-Out Agreements which comprise the
Category 1 Agreements were entered into from as early as 8 December 2016 to 25
January 2017. It was only from 18 January 2017 that the Plaintiff began
providing the Defendant with sets of the Plaintiff’s terms in respect of these
agreements.

(b) The Defendant did not accept the Plaintiff’s terms and had, in fact,
issued a letter dated 7 February 2017 (“7 February letter”) to the Plaintiff
stating that transactions entered into by Chia, including the Category 1
Agreements, were not authorised and, save for the transactions which were
expressly ratified, the Defendant disavowed the transactions. The relevant
portion of the 7 February letter is as follows:

2\. [The Plaintiff] is hereby put on notice that Mr Chia and Mr Sim were not
authorised to enter into any of the said transactions and agreements. In the
circumstances, unless we ratify any of the transactions detailed at ANNEX 1,
and/or any corresponding circle out / washout agreement in relation thereto,
we are not bound to the same. For the avoidance of doubt, in light of the
foregoing, please take this as formal written notice that we do not agree to
any terms of any purported transactions and/or agreements which [the
Plaintiff] may have sent, or may send to us in relation to the aforesaid
transactions and/or agreements, including but not limited to the purported
“contract correspondence” and/or alleged “details” of any purported agreement,
enclosed to your emails which we received on 4, 6 and 7 February 2017.
[emphasis in bold added]

Analysis on the applicability of the choice of law clause

55 In R1 International (supra [44]), the Court of Appeal had held that whether
the signing of a document would constituted an essential act will depend on
the objective assessment of the facts and circumstances.

56 The facts appear to show that a Wash-Out Agreement would be concluded in
two stages:

(a) An email would be sent from the Plaintiff proposing that a Sales Contract
be matched with a Purchase Contract and a washout price would be proposed
(“Wash-Out Proposal”). The Defendant would reply by email confirming the Wash-
Out Proposal (collectively referred to as “Email correspondence”).

(b) An email would be sent by the Plaintiff to the Defendant enclosing the
contract with the Plaintiff’s terms, including the choice of law clause
(“Contract document”).

57 I note that the Contract document concludes with “[we] kindly appreciate
your confirmation of the foregoing without undue delay, your co-operation will
be estimated (sic).” This is followed by the deeming clause which states “your
acceptance and agreement to the terms and conditions set out herein shall be
deemed in place unless we receive any written objection by fax within two (2)
business days after the transmission of this agreement to you.”

58 The concluding paragraphs of the Contract document show that the contract
would only be concluded when the Defendant gave its confirmation. If not,
there would be no need for the deeming clause.

59 It appears that the Defendant did in fact reject the Contract document by
way of the 7 February letter, which clearly states that the Defendant did not
agreement to “any terms of any purported transaction and/or agreement which
[the Plaintiff] may have sent, or may send”. In my view, this is a clear and
unequivocal rejection and denial of the Plaintiff’s terms in the contract. In
the face of such a denial, even if the denial was not made within two business
days of receipt of the Contract documents, the objective assessment of the
facts would lead to the conclusion that the Defendant’s silence cannot be
deemed to be acceptance of the Plaintiff’s terms.

60 Further, the clear denial in the 7 February letter is in contrast to the
facts in R1 International, where there had been merely silence and no actual
denial of the seller’s terms.

61 In addition, the Defendant’s denial of the Plaintiff’s terms in the 7
February letter may also be contrasted against the Plaintiff’s conduct in
respect of the incorporation of the Defendant’s terms into the Sale Contracts
and Purchase Contract where, prior to the commencement of this action, the
Plaintiff had never denied that the Defendant’s terms applied to the Sale
Contract and Purchase Contracts.

62 Therefore, in light of the above, I am of the view that the Defendant’s
silence is not to be deemed acceptance of the Plaintiff’s terms, including the
choice of law clause.

63 The next question is whether having ratified some of the Circle-Out/Wash-
Out Agreements, the Defendant is to be taken to have agreed to the Plaintiff’s
terms despite what was stated in the 7 February letter. In the 7 February
letter, the Defendant ratified certain agreements as follows:

4\. Strictly without prejudice and notwithstanding any of the foregoing, [the
Plaintiff] is put on further notice that [the Defendant’s] management has
decided to ratify the transactions and corresponding circle out / washout
agreements, detailed at ANNEX 2 to this letter…

64 The transactions which are detailed at Annex 2 of the 7 February letter
refer to the Email correspondence only. There is no reference to the Contract
document.

65 The Plaintiff submits that having ratified some of the Circle-Out/Wash-Out
Agreements, the Defendant must be taken to have agreed that the Plaintiff’s
terms applied to the ratified agreements and cannot prevaricate and now take
the position that the Plaintiff’s terms do not apply to the Wash-Out and
Circle-Out agreements that constitute the Category 1 Agreements.

66 The Defendant’s position is that only the Email correspondence were
ratified and not the Contract document.

67 An objective assessment of the 7 February letter shows that the Defendant
had only ratified the Wash-Out agreements as concluded in the Email
correspondence. This conclusion is supported by the fact that the ratification
was only in respect of the Email correspondence as detailed in Annex 2 to the
7 February letter. Further, the ratification was in the same letter where in
the preceding paragraph, the Defendant had specifically rejected the
Plaintiff’s terms. Reading the 7 February letter as a whole, I am of the view
that the Defendant had only ratified the Wash-Out Agreements as per the Email
correspondence and did not accept the Plaintiff’s terms as part of the
ratification.

68 Therefore, for the foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the choice of
law clause is not applicable to the Category 1 Agreements.

Whether the arbitration clause in the underlying Sale and Purchase agreements
extends to the Category 1 Agreements

69 In line with my earlier decision that an arbitration clause applies to the
Category 2 Agreements, an arbitration clause would similarly apply to the Sale
and Purchase Contracts which underlie the Category 1 Agreements. With this in
mind, I turn to the next issue of whether the arbitration clause in the
underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts extends to the Category 1 Agreements.

70 The Defendant submits the Wash-Out and Circle-Out Agreements are premised
on the underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts and so the arbitration clause
which applies to the underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts would extend to
the Wash-Out and Circle-Out agreements which constitute the Category 1
Agreements. Alternatively, the Defendant says that the Category 1 Agreements
are variations of the Sale and Purchase Contracts.

71 The Plaintiff disagrees and says that the Wash-Out and Circle-Out
Agreements which form the Category 1 Agreements are separate, stand-alone,
compromise agreements which release both parties from all liabilities, claims
and demands arising out of the original Sale and Purchase Contracts, which are
considered lapsed. They do not vary or amend the original Sale and Purchase
Contracts but cancel them out altogether and release the parties from all
liabilities thereunder. The Plaintiffs rely on the following clause in the
Email correspondence to support their position (the “Release clause”):

Upon receiving your acceptance to the above washout proposal, we would like to
confirm that both parties (namely [Plaintiff] and [Defendant] shall release
each other from all liabilities, claims and demands arising out of the
original contracts except settlement of net price difference based on washout
conditions. [emphasis added]

72 The Plaintiff referred to Coop International Pte Ltd v Ebel SA [1998] 1
SLR(R) 615 (“Coop International”) in support of its position. In Coop
International, the Appellant and Respondent entered into a distributorship
agreement which contained an arbitration agreement. The distributorship
agreement was subsequently terminated and parties entered into a separate
termination agreement which did not include an arbitration clause. A third
agreement was entered into on 4 September 1996 (“4 September agreement”) which
was in the nature of a settlement agreement. Disputes arose over the 4
September agreement and the appellant commenced proceedings in the Singapore
courts. The respondent applied to stay proceedings and one of the grounds
relied on was that the dispute was connected with the distributorship
agreement and must be referred to arbitration. Chan Seng Onn JC (as he then
was) held that the 4 September agreement was an independent contract with no
arbitration clause and which made no reference either to the distributorship
agreement or to any of its terms. The dispute concerned a payment term in the
4 September agreement and did not arise out of or in connection with any of
the terms of the distributorship agreement.

73 Chan JC (as he then was) held at [30] to [31]:

It is therefore a question of construction whether the new agreement is merely
supplemental to or a variation of the first agreement, or it is one which is
wholly separate and independent of the first agreement. Whether an arbitration
clause present in one agreement could be construed to cover both agreements is
another question of construction.

Where two agreements can be regarded substantially as one agreement rather
than two separate agreements, then it is likely that the arbitration clause in
one agreement would also govern disputes arising out of the other agreement.
However, if in reality, the two agreements are distinct and separate
agreements which cannot be viewed properly as one agreement with varied or
additional terms, it would be much less likely for an arbitration clause in
one agreement to be construed as having been imported or incorporated into the
other agreement without there being some appropriate words in either agreement
indicating that there was such an intention by the parties to have it
construed in that way. There is no presumption that parties, after having
agreed to refer to arbitration disputes arising out of one agreement must
necessarily have agreed to also refer disputes in all subsequent agreements to
arbitration.

74 The Defendants point out that the facts in the present case are entirely
different from Coop International for the following reasons:

(a) The Wash-Out Agreements are not independent of the underlying Sales and
Purchase Contracts but arise from these contracts. In the absence of the Sales
and Purchase Contracts, there would be no need for parties to enter into the
Wash-Out Agreement and the Wash-Out Agreement would be incapable of being
performed.

(b) Unlike the situation in Coop International, there is a dispute arising
from the underlying Sales and Purchase Contracts, namely whether these
underlying contracts are binding on the Defendant due to Chia’s alleged lack
of authority. This dispute falls within the scope of the arbitration clause in
these underlying contracts.

(c) The Wash-Out Agreements are not settlement, compromise or release
agreements.

My Analysis

75 In Coop International, Chan JC (as he then was) referred at [49] to Kianta
Osakeyhtio v Britain & Overseas Trading Company, Ltd [1954] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 247
in which Lord Justice Somervell provided a test to determine whether the
dispute falls within the arbitration clause of the earlier agreement:

…the real test is, has [the new contract] substituted wholly new rights and
obligations for those which existed under the original contract so that the
terms of the original contract do not affect the dispute which had arisen; in
other words, the dispute which has arisen and which came before the
arbitrators was not a dispute arising out of the interpretation or the
fulfilment of the original contract …

76 Therefore, the question is whether the dispute that has arisen in respect
of the Wash-Out/Circle-Out Agreements that comprise the Category 1 Agreements
is one which has arisen out of the interpretation or fulfilment of the
underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts.

77 The dispute in respect of the Category 1 Agreements is only in respect of
the payment of the price agreed under the Wash-Out/Circle-Out Agreements. This
dispute has nothing to do with the rights and obligations in the underlying
Sale and Purchase Contracts, such as the quantity of goods and the time and
place of delivery. This view is supported by the Release clause in the Email
correspondence which clearly states that “both parties … shall release each
other from all liabilities, claims and demands arising out of the original
contracts except settlement of net price difference based on washout
conditions.”

78 In my view, the intention of the parties when they entered into the
Category 1 Agreements was to extinguish all the rights and obligations such as
the delivery under the Sale and Purchase Contracts save for the difference in
price which parties had agreed to under the Category 1 Agreements. This
intention is evidenced by the Release clause which clearly states that upon
acceptance of the Wash-Out Agreement, parties “release each other from all
liabilities, claims and demands arising out of the original contracts except
settlement of net price difference based on washout conditions”. Therefore,
once the parties had entered into the Category 1 Agreements, the Sale and
Purchase Contracts were “dead” and no longer operative. The only obligation
between parties in respect of the Category 1 Agreements is the payment of the
washout price. Accordingly, the dispute concerned only the Category 1
Agreements and is not connected with any of the terms of the underlying Sale
and Purchase Contracts.

79 Therefore, I am of the view that the Wash-Out/Circle-Out Agreements which
comprise the Category 1 Agreements are separate and independent contracts and
the arbitration clause applicable to the underlying Sale and Purchase
Contracts do not extend to the Category 1 Agreements.

Court’s inherent powers of case management

80 Having found that the arbitration clause does not apply to the Category 1
Agreements, the next issue is whether the court should exercise its inherent
powers of case management to stay the proceedings (“case management stay”) in
respect of the Category 1 Agreements.

The legal principles

81 In Tomolugen, the Court of Appeal examined how the courts of Australia,
Canada, England and New Zealand have addressed the situation where a dispute
falls to be resolved in part by arbitration and in part by court proceedings.
The Court of Appeal set down these principles which guide the court’s decision
whether to grant a case management stay:

186 …The unifying theme amongst the cases is the recognition that the court,
as the final arbiter, should take the lead in ensuring the efficient and fair
resolution of the dispute as a whole. The precise measures which the court
deploys to achieve that end will turn on the facts and the precise contours of
the litigation in each case.

187 … We recognise that a plaintiff’s right to sue whoever he wants and where
he wants is a fundamental one. But, that right is not absolute. It is
restrained only to a modest extent when the plaintiff’s claim is stayed
temporarily pending the resolution of the related arbitration, as opposed to
when the plaintiff’s claim is shut out in its entirety … In appropriate cases,
that right may be curtailed or may even be regarded as subsidiary to holding
the plaintiff to his obligation to arbitrate where he has agreed to do so.

188 … This does not mean that if part of a dispute is sent for arbitration,
the court proceedings relating to the rest of the dispute will be stayed as a
matter of course. The court must in every case aim to strike a balance between
three higher-order concerns that may pull in different considerations: first,
a plaintiff’s right to choose whom he wants to sue and where; second, the
court’s desire to prevent a plaintiff from circumventing the operation of an
arbitration clause; and third, the court’s inherent power to manage it
processes to prevent an abuse of process and ensure the efficient and fair
resolution of disputes. The balance that is struck must ultimately serve the
ends of justice. …

82 Following Tomolugen, Chong J in Maybank Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd v Lim
Keng Yong [2016] 3 SLR 431 (“Maybank”) consider the issue of whether a case
management stay was to be granted. Maybank concerned two separate and
independent contracts. The first contract was a series of contract for
differences (“CFD transactions”) entered into between the 1st respondent and
the appellant. The CDF transactions had an arbitration agreement. The 2nd
respondent, the 1st respondent’s husband, was her remisier for the CFD
transactions under a remisier agreement containing an indemnity (“Indemnity”)
in favour of the appellant. Court proceedings were brought against the
respondents. The proceedings against the 1st respondent was stayed in favour
of arbitration.

83 Chong J granted a case management stay of the Indemnity in respect of
proceedings against the 2nd respondent and expressed the view at [26] that:

… the relevant question is not whether the two contracts are legally
independent, but rather whether the two proceedings are in fact separate and
independent such that the determination of the claim in arbitration will be
irrelevant to the suit against the 2nd respondent.

84 Chong J noted that the issue of whether the respondents had authorised the
closing out of the CFD transactions is a common issue to both proceedings. He
was of the view that the arbitral tribunal’s decision on this issue would have
a direct impact on the court proceeding against the 2nd respondent as, if it
was found by the arbitral tribunal that no authority had been given, then no
debt is due by the 1st respondent to the appellant under the CFDs and this
would mean that there would be no liability owed by the 2nd respondent to the
appellant under the terms of the indemnity in the court proceedings (see [29]
and [31] of Maybank).

The parties’ position

85 The Defendant relies on Maybank and submits that a case management stay
should be granted because the common issue to both the arbitral proceeding and
the court proceeding is whether Chia had authority to enter into the Sale and
Purchase Contracts, including those which underlie the Category 1 Agreements
(“Authority issue”). The tribunal’s finding on the Authority issue is directly
relevant to whether the Plaintiff is entitled to proceed with its claim in
respect of the Category 1 Agreements. This is because if the tribunal finds
that Chia had no authority, this would mean that the Defendant would not be
bound by the Sale and Purchase Contracts and this would undermine the entire
basis of the Category 1 Agreements and the Plaintiff’s right to claim a debt
under the Category 1 Agreements.

86 The Plaintiff argues that for the Category 1 Agreements, the arbitrations
should await the outcome of the Court proceedings and not the other way round.
The Plaintiff says that the only issue in contention is whether the Defendant
is bound by the underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts due to Chia’s alleged
lack of authority. If the issue is resolved in favour of the Plaintiff, then
the underlying Sale and Purchase Contracts are irrelevant. If the issue is
resolved in favour of the Defendant and the underlying Sale and Purchase
Contracts is relevant, then the arbitration proceedings may proceed.

87 The Plaintiff also highlights that unlike Maybank and Tomolugen, the
jurisdiction of SIAC in respect of the arbitration proceedings is being
challenged and it is unclear at this time whether SIAC will take jurisdiction.

Analysis

88 First, while it is true that the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal to
determine the Authorisation issue is challenged by the Plaintiff, this per se
would not be a bar to granting a case management stay.

89 As was observed by the Court of Appeal in Tomolugen at [187] and Chong J in
Maybank at [37], the Plaintiff’s right to proceed in court is not absolute.
This right is not unduly prejudiced by the temporary nature of the stay. If
the arbitral tribunal decides it does not have jurisdiction, then the court
proceedings in respect of the Category 1 Agreements will resume and the
Plaintiff may exercise its full rights in the court proceedings.

90 Second, in deciding whether to grant a case management stay, I am mindful
of the following factors in favour of a stay which were identified by Chong J
in Maybank at [37]:

…

(c) Finally, dealing with the court’s duty to ensure the efficient and fair
resolution of the dispute, I note that the following factors in favour of a
stay, identified in Danone Asia Pacific Holdings Pte Ltd v Fonterra Co-
Operative Group Limited [2014] NZHC 1681 and approved in Tomolugen Holdings
Limited (at [188]), are present in this case:

(i) the factual bases underlying the claims in the two proceedings are
essentially the same;

(ii) there are common issues in both claims …

(iii) there is a practical risk of inconsistent findings of fact and law
between the court proceedings and the arbitration given these overlapping
issues; and

(iv) there would be a duplication of witnesses and evidence between the
arbitration and the court proceedings.

91 Applying the factors identified in Maybank, I am of the view that a case
management stay should be granted in respect of the Category 1 Agreements for
the following reasons:

(a) The facts underlying the two proceedings are essentially the same. Both
the arbitral tribunal and the court would have to consider all the facts in
relation to the authority that was granted to Chia at the material time to
enter into these contracts.

(b) There is a significant overlap between the issues before the arbitration
tribunal and the court proceedings, namely the Authorisation issue. If the
tribunal were to find that Chia had no authority or had acted in excess of his
authority at the material time such that the Defendants are not bound by the
Sale and Purchase contracts, this finding would have a significant impact on
the Plaintiff’s right to claim under the Category 1 Agreements as the entire
foundation of this claim would be demolished.

(c) The court in determining whether the Plaintiff had a right to its claim
under the Category 1 Agreements would have to determine the Authorisation
issue. This same issue is before the arbitral tribunal. This would result in
the practical risk of inconsistent findings in the court and arbitral
proceedings.

(d) Finally, all the witnesses and evidence before the court and the arbitral
tribunal would be identical.

92 Therefore, considering that the determination of the Authority issue would
be relevant to the Category 1 Agreements, I am of the view that the balance in
this case points to the court granting a case management stay in respect of
the Category 1 Agreements pending the resolution of the arbitration
proceedings in respect of the Category 2 Agreements.

Conclusion

93 For the reasons stated above, the Category 2 proceedings are stayed in
favour of arbitration and a case management stay is granted in respect of the
Category 1 Agreements.

Tan Teck Ping Karen  
Assistant Registrar

Mr Edmund Jerome Kronenburg and Ms Jaclyn Tan (Braddell Brothers LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Mr Jared Kok and Ms Ki Kun Hang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

