Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 90

Suit No 323 of 2015

Between

(1)| Lalwani Shalini Gobind  
---|---  
(2)| Malti Gobind Lalwani  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Lalwani Ashok Bherumal  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Probate and administration] — [Executors]  
[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Account]

[Equity] — [Remedies] — [Equitable compensation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lalwani Shalini Gobind and another

  

v

  

Lalwani Ashok Bherumal

  

[2017] SGHC 90

High Court — Suit No 323 of 2015  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
20, 21 September; 29 November 2016

24 April 2017

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 In these proceedings, beneficiaries of an estate sought accounts to be taken
against the sole executor and trustee, and recovery of sums that were said to
have been misappropriated by him. Having heard the parties, I granted most of
the reliefs sought, including orders for accounts to be taken on a common
basis, and repayment of the specific sums. The sole executor and trustee has
appealed.

Background

2 The patriarch of the family (“the Testator”) passed away on 9 July 1999
leaving behind his son and two daughters. By virtue of a handwritten will
dated 2 July 1999 (“the Will”), the validity of which was not challenged, the
Testator provided for his son to inherit 50% of his estate and for the
remaining 50% to be divided equally between his daughters, who are the
plaintiffs in this action (“the Plaintiffs”). The Testator also provided in
the Will that his estate (“the Estate”) was to be administered by his son and
his brother as co-executors.

3 Grant of probate was issued on 13 February 2001 to the executors based on an
incomplete schedule of assets. On 20 March 2002, the Testator’s son passed
away intestate, leaving behind no spouse or issue. Two consequences flowed
from this. One, the Plaintiffs became the lawful beneficiaries to the son’s
share of the Testator’s estate, and were accordingly each a beneficiary to 50%
of the Estate. Two, the Testator’s brother, who is the defendant in this case
(“the Defendant”), bore the duty of distribution as the sole surviving
executor.

4 Thereafter, a finalised Schedule of Assets with 41 assets dated 31 December
2008 was filed with the Commissioner of Estate Duties (“Schedule of Assets”),
upon which permission to distribute the assets of the Estate was granted after
the estate duties were finalised and paid.

5 For easy of reference, the names of the Testator’s and the Defendant’s
siblings are as follows in decreasing order of age:

(a) Lalwani Moti (“Moti”) deceased;

(b) Lalwani Bhagwan Bherumal (“Bhagwan”) deceased;

(c) Lalwani Gobind Bherumal, who is the Testator;

(d) Lalwani Jiwan Bherumal (“Jiwan”) deceased;

(e) Lalwani Rajan Bherumal (“Rajan”); and

(f) Lalwani Ashok Bherumal, who is the Defendant.

The Plaintiffs’ Case

6 The Plaintiffs’ present suit related to the Defendant’s discharge of duties
as executor and/or trustee in relation to certain assets of the Estate.

7 The Plaintiffs’ first set of claims related to the taking of accounts. They
submitted that the Defendant, as sole executor of the estate, owed fiduciary
duties to the Plaintiffs as beneficiaries in relation to the administration of
the Estate. By virtue of this, the Defendant was liable to furnish to them
accounts relating to the Estate’s assets. In particular, the Defendant had
allegedly failed to properly account for the following assets of the Estate:

(a) shareholding in Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Basco”) and Eltee Development
Pte Ltd (“Eltee”);

(b) interest in Bob’s Partnership (“Bob’s”) and any dividend payment or
interests therefrom;

(c) the balance compensation (“the Property Proceeds”) arising from the
compulsory acquisition of 48 and 50 North Bridge Road Singapore (“the North
Bridge Road Property”) and 39 Stamford House Singapore (“the Stamford House”);
and

(d) the Estate’s share in the estate of the Testator’s mother, Lalwani Lilan
Bherumal (“Lilan”).

8 In addition, the Plaintiffs sought recovery of specific sums that they
alleged were misappropriated by the Defendant in breach of his fiduciary duty:

(a) a total sum of $118,000 which was withdrawn in 13 tranches by the
Defendant from a UOB account designated to receive and hold all monies
belonging to the Estate (“the Estate Account”);

(b) a sum of $136,561.76, being half of the monies maintained in a UOB account
held jointly by the Defendant and the Testator while the Testator was alive
(“the Joint UOB Account”); and

(c) a sum of $40,641.78 being the remaining debt owed by the Testator’s eldest
brother, Moti, to the Estate under High Court Suit No 349 of 1997, which
according to the Plaintiffs had since become time-barred under s 6 of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Moti’s Debt”).

The Defendant’s Case

9 The Defendant did not contest that he owed a fiduciary duty to the
Plaintiffs in relation to his administration of the Estate as the executor
and/or trustee, but denied all allegations of breach. In relation to the
accounts sought to be taken, the Defendant argued that he had, at various
times prior to or during the trial, given sufficient account as regards the
Estate’s assets to the Plaintiffs, whose allegations to the contrary were
baseless, untrue, or based on their own poor recollection of the matter.

10 In relation to the three specific sums claimed, the Defendant conceded that
he withdrew the $118,000 from the Estate Account but submitted that his
liability in that respect could be set off against his cross-claim against the
Estate. This cross-claim allegedly arose because of his half-share interest in
the constituent shares of a Central Depository Account (“the CDP Account”),
the proceeds of which were later deposited into the Estate Account, and which
was held in the Testator’s sole name while he was alive when it was in truth
under the joint ownership of the Testator and the Defendant. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 13 September 2016 at para 9; Defendant’s
Closing Statement dated 1 November 2016 at paras 50-87.

As regards the monies from the Joint UOB Account, the Defendant maintained
that the sum was properly expended and used, inter alia, to pay off the
Testator’s funeral expenses, medical bills, and outstanding debts. Finally,
the claim for Moti’s Debt against the Defendant was argued to be premature as
there was no evidence that Moti’s estate was denying liability, or that a
defence of time bar would be raised if a claim for recovery were brought
against Moti’s estate.

The decision

11 Most of the prayers sought in relation to the taking of accounts on a
common basis were granted. The trustee’s duty to furnish accounts to the
beneficiary in relation to his administration of the trust assets is
continuous and on demand. There may be limits to this duty, but none were
applicable on the facts of this case. The transfer of some trust assets to the
Plaintiffs, and the substitution of the Plaintiffs as the new executors and
trustees of certain other assets, did not obviate the Defendant’s duty to
account for his conduct during his term as trustee. The mere provision of some
financial documents by the Defendant during the course of trial also did not
necessarily constitute full satisfaction of his duty to furnish accounts.

12 In relation to the claims in breach of trust, the Defendant was found
liable for misappropriation of the sums of $118,000 from the Estate Account,
and $136,561.76 from the Joint UOB Account. The Plaintiffs’ claim for
repayment of Moti’s Debt of $40,641.78 was, however, premature, and the taking
of accounts in relation to the said debt was instead ordered.

The analysis

Duties of an executor and trustee

13 In the present proceedings, it was not disputed that both executors and
trustees owe fiduciary duties to the beneficiaries of an estate in relation to
the administration of that estate. In Lee Yoke San and another v Tsong Sai
Cecilia and another [1992] 3 SLR(R) 516 (“Lee Yoke San”), the High Court held
that (at [35]):

An executor "calls in” the estate that collects and converts the assets into
cash, and pays all the funeral and testamentary expenses, estate duty, debts
and legacies. When he has done this, he has discharged his duties as an
executor. Then he steps into the shoes of a trustee. He owes a fiduciary duty
to the beneficiaries, whether he is an executor or trustee.

14 As an incidence of this fiduciary relationship, the executor or trustee
owes several specific duties to the beneficiaries of the estate, including the
duty to determine the extent of the testator’s assets and liabilities, to act
diligently in the realisation of such assets, and to pay for the testator’s
debts and testamentary expenses (see generally Foo Jee Boo and another v Foo
Jhee Tuang and others [2016] SGHC 260 (“Foo Jee Boo”) at [73]-[83]). These
specific duties are set against the backdrop of a general duty on the part of
the executor or trustee to act with impartiality in the best interests of the
beneficiaries (Lee Yoke San at [35]; Foo Jee Boo at [83]).

15 In the present case, the position of the executor is not significantly
distinct from that of a trustee and, for ease of reference, the latter term
will be used.

Taking of accounts

The law on accounts

16 In addition to the specific duties identified above, a critical aspect of
the custodial fiduciary relationship is the duty of the trustee to keep
accounts of the trust and to allow the beneficiaries to inspect them as
requested. This accounting procedure serves two primary purposes: (a) “the
informative purpose of allowing the beneficiaries to know the status of the
fund and what transformations it has undergone”, and (b) a “substantive
purpose… [to ensure] that any personal liability a custodial fiduciary may
have arising out of maladministration is ascertained and determined” (Steven
Elliott, Snell’s Equity (John McGhee QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed,
2015) (“Snell’s Equity”) at para 20-013; see generally, Yip Man & Goh Yihan,
“Navigating the Maze: Making Sense of Equitable Compensation and Account of
Profits for Breach of Fiduciary Duty” (2016) 28 SAcLJ 884 at 899-900).

17 Generally, the claim for an account on a common basis may be divided into
three stages: (a) whether the claimant has a right to an account; (b) the
taking of the account; and (c) any consequential relief (Chng Weng Wah v Goh
Bak Heng [2016] 2 SLR 464 (“Chng Weng Wah”) at [22], [38]).

18 In this case, it was not in dispute that the Plaintiffs, as beneficiaries
of the Estate, had a prima facie right to take an account of the trust assets.
As the Court of Appeal explained in Foo Jee Seng v Foo Jhee Tuang [2012] 4 SLR
339 (“Foo Jee Seng”), “[b]eneficiaries are entitled, within proper bounds, to
be furnished with an account of the funds in the trust” (at [87]).

19 For avoidance of doubt, even though there are often allegations of breach
of trust that precede litigation on this matter, as was the case at present,
the trustee’s duty to furnish account is not contingent on any allegation or
establishment of such breach. This was clarified by the Court of Appeal in Foo
Jee Seng (at [87]):

There is no necessity to allege any breach of fiduciary duties on the part of
the trustees. Of course, if there is such a breach, they would all the more be
entitled to an account and if the trust were to suffer any loss on account of
such breach, the trustees would be obliged to make good the same.

20 The duty to furnish account is continuous, on demand, and does not simply
have to be discharged at the time of distribution of the trust assets. In the
context of personal representatives, the High Court has rejected the
proposition that such persons standing in a fiduciary position were only
obliged to provide a full account of the estate to the beneficiaries at the
time of distribution of the estate: “The duty in the case of a personal
representative is a continuing duty, much like the duty imposed on a
trustee...” (Chiang Shirley v Chiang Dong Pheng [2015] 3 SLR 770 (“Chiang
Shirley”) at [88]). This principle applies generally, including to executors,
who in particular bear an additional obligation to submit full accounts for
the beneficiaries’ perusal and approval prior to their distribution of the
assets comprising the estate (Foo Jee Boo at [80]).

21 There may be limits to the trustee’s continuing duty to furnish account on
demand. In Foo Jee Boo, the High Court observed that the court may decline to
make an order for the taking of accounts in the exceptional case where “it
would be oppressive to require the [trustee] to so account, or for some other
good reason” (at [81]). One such situation may be where the demands are made
without a reasonable interval between them, or without reasonable time for the
trustee to furnish the necessary information. As the High Court in Chiang
Shirley observed:

89 Whilst both trustees and personal representatives have a duty to maintain
accounts and generally to provide them at the beneficiary’s request, this does
not mean that any beneficiary can keep on demanding accounts and information
without giving the trustee/personal representative some respite. In my view,
it is common sense that there must be reasonable intervals between the demands
and a trustee/personal representative should not be considered to be in breach
of trust simply because he does not always supply the documents and
information immediately upon the beneficiary’s demand. Whether the
trustee/personal representative has complied with his duty to supply documents
and information is a fact-sensitive exercise in every case.

22 A further situation where an order for the taking of accounts may not be
granted is where the trustee, as an alternative to providing an actual account
of the trust assets, is able to show on a balance of probabilities that he had
entered into a settlement with the counterparty as regards the provision of
the trust accounts. This follows from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Chng
Weng Wah:

38 … if a trustee is able to produce a document evincing both parties’
agreement that accounts have been settled conclusively, in the absence of any
other evidence to the contrary, that should suffice and the trustee should not
be made to go through the laborious, and if we may add, unnecessary, process
of providing an actual account in the course of defending the action…

39 While it is acknowledged that, unlike the example given in the preceding
paragraph, Chng has not managed to produce any documentary evidence to show
that parties had agreed that accounts have been settled, that does not
necessarily lead to the conclusion that Chng has to provide an actual account
in the course of defending the present claim by Goh. Based on the evidence
that has been led (such as the correspondence between the parties), the court
may be able to draw an inference, on a balance of probabilities, that settled
accounts have already been provided (ie, at some earlier point in time)…

[emphasis in original]

23 As regards the level of disclosure necessary to discharge the duty to
furnish account on a common basis, regard must be had to the twin purposes of
this duty as identified above. At its core, the accounting process is a means
to hold the trustee accountable for his stewardship of trust property.
Accordingly, the trustee must by this accounting process give proper,
complete, and accurate justification and documentation for his actions as a
trustee. This requires information as to the current status of, and past
transactions that relate to, each of the constituent trust assets actually
received by the trustee (see Glazier Holdings Pty Ltd v Australian Men’s
Health Pty Ltd (No 2) [2001] NSWSC 6 at [38]). What precisely is required for
the discharge of this duty is fact-specific. More will likely be required for
the specific assets and transactions against which there are allegations of
breach of trust. More will also likely be required of a professional trustee,
as compared to a non-professional trustee who may be granted “fair and
reasonable allowances” (Snell’s Equity at para 20-018). Thus, merely providing
some financial documents in relation to the trust assets may not be enough
(see, eg, Foo Jee Boo at [93]-[96]).

24 The taking of accounts on a common basis must, however, be distinguished
from two related concepts.

25 First, it is different from the taking of an accounts on a wilful default
basis (see Chng Weng Wah at [21]). Conceptually, the taking of accounts on a
common basis supposes and requires no misconduct, while that on a wilful
default basis is entirely grounded on misconduct (Partington v Reynolds (1858)
62 ER 98 at 99). Practically, in order to obtain an order for account on
wilful default basis, it is necessary that the claimant allege and prove at
least one act of wilful neglect or default (Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and
Others [2005] SGCA 4 (“Ong Jane Rebecca”) at [61]). Further, as the Court of
Appeal explained in Ong Jane Rebecca, the taking of account on a wilful
default basis is significantly more onerous for the trustee (at [55]):

… In a common or standard account… the trustee need only account for what was
actually received and his disbursement and distribution of it. In an account
on the basis of wilful default, the trustee is not only required to account
for what he has received, but also for what he might have received had it not
been for the default. In the latter case, the accounting party also carries a
much more substantial burden of proof than that which applies to him in the
case of a common account: see Glazier v Australian Men’s Health (No 2) [2001]
NSWSC 6.

26 Second, the taking of accounts on either basis above should not be
conflated with an account of profits. While there is a common aspect between
the taking of accounts and the accounting of profits in that they both attempt
to quantify the deficit, if any, in the trust fund that must be made good by
the defendant to the claimant, the taking of accounts is a process, while
accounting of profit is a remedy. Thus, an account of profits is usually the
very relief sought by claimants, whereas the taking of accounts may only be
the first step, to be followed by the beneficiary’s objections to the accounts
presented and his claim for specific reliefs (Snell’s Equity at para 20-017;
Lord Millett NPJ, Libertarian Investments Ltd v Hall (2013) 16 HKCFAR 681 at
[168]). There are other nuanced differences. For instance, the taking of
accounts arises generally in custodial fiduciary relationships, such as vis-à-
vis trustees, executors, or custodial agents. An account for profits, however,
may be relevant as a remedy for the breach of any form of fiduciary duty,
regardless of whether the relationship is predicated on the custody of assets.
Indeed, an account of profits may exceptionally be invoked even in cases
beyond the fiduciary context (Ng Bok Eng Holdings Pte Ltd and another v Wong
Ser Wan [2005] 4 SLR(R) 561 at [54]). Further, the taking of accounts on a
common basis, unlike an account of profits, is also not predicated on the
allegation or establishment of a breach (see, in the context of partnerships,
Ang Tin Gee v Pang Teck Guan [2011] SGHC 259 at [86]).

The accounts sought by the Plaintiffs

(1) General Accounts

27 By virtue of the fiduciary relationship between the Defendant and the
Plaintiffs, I granted the Plaintiffs’ general claim for the taking of accounts
in relation to the Estate Account and the monies due to the Estate pursuant to
the Schedule of Assets. This was subject to the exclusion of certain assets
which the Plaintiffs conceded had been properly administered. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 1) dated 20 September 2016 at para 14.

The trustee’s duty to furnish accounts being continuous and on demand,
disclosures in 2010 to 2012 of such estate accounts, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 17 November 2016 at para 31.

even if assumed to be made fully and properly, did not suffice to discharge
the Defendant’s present duty to account.

28 Only specific assets were in dispute and they are dealt with below in turn.

(2) Shareholdings in Basco and Eltee

29 The Plaintiffs sought an account of the Estate’s shareholdings in Basco and
Eltee. They alleged that the Defendant acted in breach of his fiduciary duties
by, inter alia, under-declaring the shares in the Schedule of Assets, acting
as the director of said companies in direct conflict of interest with the
Estates, and not declaring dividends or attempting liquidation of the shares.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claims dated 7 April 2015 at para 19.

30 The Defendant denied all allegations of breach and raised two main
arguments. First, he relied on cl 5 of the Testator’s Will that the executors
and trustees “shall have unfettered discretion to postpone the sale and
conversion of any asset into cash”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 22.

Second, the Defendant argued that as an executor he was only liable to account
for the Estate’s shares in Basco and Eltee, and not the assets and liabilities
underlying those shares. This was also premised on the narrow language of the
Plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim. To this end, the number and value of the
relevant shares had been obvious to the Plaintiffs as early as February 2001
and had since remained unchanged. No dividends had been declared by the two
companies. The Defendant had thus properly fulfilled his duty to account in
relation to Basco and Eltee. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 10-13.

31 The Defendant further argued that the claims in relation to Basco and Eltee
were moot as the Plaintiffs had accepted his offer, conveyed on the first day
of trial, that he would:

(a) transfer all shares owned by the Estate in Basco and Eltee to the
Plaintiffs in lieu of sale of those shares within two weeks from the first day
of trial; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 7.

and

(b) provide the Plaintiffs with copies of the audited financial statements of
Basco and Eltee for the period from 2011 to 2014 by the end of the first day
of trial. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 5.

32 The Plaintiffs accepted the Defendant’s offer of transfer and disclosure,
but argued that the Defendant’s selective disclosure did not sufficiently
discharge his duty to account. In any event, by the accounts provided, the
Defendant’s remuneration as director of Basco and Eltee was far too exorbitant
as it depleted almost the entirety of the rental incomes generated by the two
companies. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at para 41.

33 As the shares in Basco and Eltee had been transferred over by the Defendant
to the Plaintiffs, I made no specific order in respect of these shareholdings.
However, for avoidance of doubt, accounts in respect of Basco and Eltee may
still be covered by my general order as to the accounts to be taken pursuant
to the Schedule of Assets. The Defendant bore a duty to account for his
conduct during his term as a trustee, which was not extinguished by the
subsequent transfer of the Basco and Eltee shares to the Plaintiffs. As a
matter of law, the disclosure of corporate documents and financial statements,
audited or otherwise, also would not necessarily discharge the Defendant’s
duty to account. To the extent that the Defendant sought to rely on a document
dated more than 15 years ago and an assertion that affairs remained unchanged
since the Testator’s death as satisfactory discharge of his duty to account,
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 12.

I could not accept that as the trustee’s duty to account is continuous and on
demand. The Plaintiffs’ request for trust accounts was not so unreasonable or
oppressive in the circumstances as to fall within the narrow limits to the
trustee’s duty to account as identified by the High Court in Chiang Shirley
and Foo Jee Boo.

34 Nor did I consider appropriate to infer, from the transference of
shareholdings and the disclosure of certain financial statements, that there
had therefore been a settlement of the Plaintiffs’ claim. A settlement
connoted a release by the Plaintiffs of the Defendant’s duty to account, and
the burden of proof of such release rested on the Defendant (Chng Weng Wah at
[24]; Snell’s Equity at para 20-016). The Plaintiffs’ agreement to the
transfer of shareholdings in a bid to take over trust administration cannot be
construed as their agreement to release the Defendant of his existing duty to
account in relation to his tenure as trustee. There was also no indication
that the Plaintiffs considered the mere disclosure of the companies’ audited
financial statements as satisfaction of their claim in respect of Basco and
Eltee. Indeed, at the time of acceptance of the Defendant’s offer to disclose,
the Plaintiffs had not assessed the financial statements and was not fully
appraised as to what information would be disclosed. Any inference of
settlement would thus have been artificial.

35 A trustee may discharge his responsibility, as noted by the Court of Appeal
in Chng Weng Wah, by providing accounts in the midst of proceedings for such
accounts: “it is accepted that a trustee may, at the first stage of the claim
[ie, when establishing a right to account], be able to prove that he or she no
longer owes a duty to account by providing an actual account in the course of
legal proceedings” [emphasis in original] (at [38]). However, that must be a
full and proper account; where there has been anything less than proper,
complete, and accurate disclosure, an order may still be made despite the
attempt to stave things off late in the day.

(3) Interest in Bob’s

36 Bob’s partnership had as its only substantial asset a property located at
865 Mountbatten Road #01-63 Katong Shopping Centre Singapore (“the Katong
Property”). The three registered proprietors of the Katong Property were the
Testator, Moti, and Bhagwan. The Plaintiffs thus submitted that as
beneficiaries of the Testator’s estate, they were entitled to a one-third
share of the proceeds of the Katong Property and an account of the same. They
also pointed out that the Defendant had been declaring the 1st Plaintiff’s
share of profits in Bob’s to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore for the
purpose of tax assessment between 2007 and 2014, when no such profits had in
fact been paid out. It was only on the 1st Plaintiff’s enquiry that the
Defendant returned to the 1st Plaintiff her relevant tax payments. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Statement of Claim dated 20 September 2016 at para 19(c)(iii); Plaintiffs’
Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at paras 92-93.

37 The Defendant submitted that he could not sell the Katong Property because
the title deeds to the said property were missing, and none of the family
members was prepared to administer the relevant portion of Jiwan’s estate in
order to deal with his one-third interest in the property. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 37.

In these circumstances, the Defendant acted reasonably in leasing out the
Katong Property. However, the rental proceeds were retained by Rajan, against
whom the Defendant could not in good conscience take legal action. This was
because Rajan suffered from a medical condition and had undertaken to repay,
after the sale of the Katong Property, the excess of the retained rental
proceeds over his entitlements in the sale proceeds. The Defendant therefore
offered that the Plaintiffs be substituted as executors so that they may
directly pursue their claim against Rajan if they so wished. The Defendant
also admitted to making the tax declarations over the 1st Plaintiff’s share of
profits, which he conceded had not been distributed but, rather, kept in Bob’s
bank account which was maintained by Rajan. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Defence (Amendment 1) dated 24 June 2015 at para 20.

38 The Defendant further maintained that the Katong Property was only
registered in the names of the Testator, Bhagwan, and Jiwan “for convenience”.
There had in fact been an agreement between the five brothers to share equally
the proceeds of sale from the Katong Property. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 47.

The Estate was thus only entitled to 20% of the interest in Bob’s and the
attendant profits. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Defence (Amendment 1) dated 24 June 2015 at para 17(g).

39 On the first day of trial, the Defendant also undertook to provide the
Plaintiffs with copies of Bob’s audited financial statements for the financial
years 2011 to 2015. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 2.

40 In reply, the Plaintiffs rejected the Defendant’s reliance on Rajan’s
promise to repay rental proceeds as, inter alia, Rajan was not a registered
proprietor and had no interest in the Katong Property; there would thus be no
sale proceeds on which Rajan could rely to repay the retained rental proceeds.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at para 96.

41 Having heard the parties, I granted the Plaintiffs’ prayer for the taking
of accounts in Bob’s, including but not limited to any dividend payments and
interest. As stated above, the mere provision of financial statements did not
necessarily discharge the Defendant’s duty to account for his conduct as
trustee during his term as such. Even if the Plaintiffs were substituted as
executors and trustees, the Defendant remained liable to account for his
conduct during his term as trustee. No limits on the Defendant’s duty to
account were found applicable.

42 In relation to the Defendant’s claim of an informal arrangement to share
equally the proceeds of the Katong Property amongst all five brothers,
including himself and Rajan, that was not proven by the evidence. No objective
evidence even suggestive of such an arrangement was adduced, and the Defendant
conceded at trial that none was available. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 91.

In fact, an application filed earlier in the High Court had made express
reference to the three registered proprietors’ interest in the Katong
Property, and none to that of Rajan and the Defendant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at pp 90-91.

The Defendant also conceded that no step had been taken to rectify the land
register, or to draw up a separate deed or other documentation, to reflect the
informal arrangement alleged. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at pp 92-93.

The arrangement as alleged was simply not reflected on the title, nor caveated
in any way. This was despite the fact that the Defendant had been of age at
the time of acquisition of the Katong Property, and could have been included
as a registered proprietor then or any time since. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at pp 87-89.

Nothing showed that the state of affairs on the land register was inaccurate
or incomplete. For these reasons, I did not accept the existence of the
informal arrangement, and was of the view that accounts ought to be taken on
the basis of what was reflected on the land register.

(4) Property Proceeds

43 The Plaintiffs sought an account of the quantum and location of the
Estate’s share in the Property Proceeds. They argued that the Defendant’s
piecemeal and belated updates during the litigation process did not suffice.
The Plaintiffs also averred that the lawyer who read the Testator’s will to
them had informed all parties present that some compensation monies relating
to the Stamford House had yet to be distributed. As such, they denied that
distribution of proceeds had been completed during the Testator’s lifetime. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at paras 35-36.

44 In relation to the North Bridge Road Property, the Defendant submitted that
he had properly accounted for the Estate’s share in the compensation monies.
He pointed to certain figures in the Plaintiffs’ case which he argued would
not have been known had there not been proper disclosure. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 24-28.

In relation to the Stamford House, the Defendant argued that all proceeds had
been distributed during the Testator’s lifetime; no monies remained
unaccounted for. Further, the sale proceeds should be received by Basco as the
owner and not the Estate; the Plaintiffs were thus not the proper plaintiffs.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 29-32.

Before me, the Defendant also maintained that he was not in a position to
answer questions about the Stamford House as its acquisition and sale had been
completed a long time ago, when the Testator was still alive. As such, the
Defendant had not seen it as necessary to make enquiries as to the proceeds
since that was “water under the bridge”. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 115.

45 I did not agree with the Defendant’s submission that he had fully accounted
for the proceeds from the sale of the North Bridge Road Property. The evidence
before me was ambiguous at best. The Defendant himself acknowledged that the
Plaintiffs may have been “misconceived” as to the numbers allegedly provided
to them, and there was no allegation that such confusion was not bona fide. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 26.

Having regarding to the objective of trustee accountability, the onus remained
on him to clarify, where necessary, the justifications for his action or
inaction in respect of the trust assets, particularly if he knew that there
was bona fide confusion on the part of the beneficiaries. Indeed, it appeared
to me that such early resolution of doubts would ordinarily be in his own
interests.

46 In any event, I did not agree with the premise of the Defendant’s
submission. Even taking his case at the highest, disclosure of the state of
affairs in relation to the sale proceeds of the North Bridge Road Property in
2011 by way of a lawyer’s letter, and in 2012 at a meeting between the
parties, did not in this case constitute satisfactory discharge of his duty to
account at or around the commencement of this suit in 2015. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at pp 20-22; Defendant’s Closing
Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 25-27.

The trustee’s duty to account is continuous and on demand, and there was again
no indication of oppression or unreasonableness on the part of the Plaintiffs.
My general order as to accounts thus included accounts as to the proceeds of
the North Bridge Road Property.

47 The position in relation to the proceeds from the Stamford House could not
be resolved on the evidence before me, and I accordingly left the
determination of that to the taking of accounts. For avoidance of doubt, the
Defendant as trustee was liable to account for his conduct during his term as
trustee, which includes both action and inaction, in relation to these
proceeds. The mere fact that the proceeds had been obtained by the family a
long time ago did not mean it was thus, as he claimed, “water under the
bridge” and beyond the scope of his trusteeship. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 114-115.

I also did not accept the Defendant’s tenuous reasoning that the Plaintiffs
were not entitled to such an account as the Estate owned the Stamford House
indirectly through Basco, which was also the Estate’s asset. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 17 November 2016 at para 16.

The Stamford House and the proceeds therefrom were thus caught within the
scope of my general order as to accounts.

(4) Estate’s interest in Lilan’s estate

48 The Plaintiffs claimed for an account of the Estate’s share in the estate
of Lilan, who is the Testator’s and the Defendant’s mother. They argued that
the Defendant’s reliance on the litigation process to give piecemeal accounts
did not suffice. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement dated 15 September 2016 at paras 57-60.

In response, the Defendant claimed that Lilan’s estate had been fully
distributed and accounted for. He also contended that this issue was moot as
the 1st Plaintiff had confirmed in cross-examination that she had been given
sufficient documentation to satisfy herself as to the proper distribution of
this asset. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 48-49.

49 The relevant extract of the cross-examination read as follows: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 46.

Q: … I’m asking you to take a look at the defendant’s core bundle again.
Again, I refer to you the same set of documents from tab G onwards. I’m asking
you to take a look at tab H. Do you see the letter [at] tab H dated 1st of
November 2011?

A: Yes. Yes.

Q: So this is a letter written by Madhavan Partnership to your uncles and
solicitors. And the title of this letter says “FINAL DISTRIBUTION OF MONIES”,
“ESTATE OF LALWANI LILIAN BHERUMAL”, correct?

A: Yes.

Q: So if you look at paragraph 22---or second paragraph of this letter, it
says that:

[Reads] “As instructed by our clients as Administrators of the above-captioned
19 Estate, we are proceeding to make the final distribution of monies to the
five (5) beneficiaries of the Estate on 1st”---of---“November 2001.”

Right?

A: Yes.

Q: And on the next page, there’s a breakdown of the various amounts to be
paid. So do you agree that this letter actually confirms that the final
distribution of monies from your grandmother’s estate had already been done at
that point in time?

A: Yes.

Q: So do you accept that there are no monies to be distributed from your
grandmother’s estate anymore?

A: Yes, I accept that now that I have the information.

Q: Thank you.

50 In my judgment, this extract could not bear the weight that the Defendant
placed on it. Taken in its proper context, the 1st Plaintiff’s concession was
that she accepted that there were no more monies to be distributed from
Lilan’s estate to the Testator’s Estate. That related to the proper discharge
of duties by the executor of Lilan’s estate. That was not the same as a
concession that she had no more concerns or queries as to the Defendant’s
conduct as trustee and executor of the Testator’s Estate. The status of the
monies that had been paid from Lilan’s estate to the Testator’s Estate
remained in question. Thus, the Plaintiffs’ claim for accounts in relation to
the proceeds of Lilan’s estate remained a live one. The facts also did not
show that the Plaintiffs’ request for accounts was unreasonable, or that an
inference of settled accounts relating to the Defendant’s conduct as trustee
was justified. On balance, therefore, I was of the view that it would only be
prudent to grant the Plaintiffs’ prayer for an account of the Estate’s share
in Lilan’s estate.

Misappropriation of trust funds

51 The Plaintiffs’ second set of claims related to three specific sums which
they alleged the Defendant had misappropriated in breach of his fiduciary
duties. Ordinarily, the taking of accounts on a wilful default basis would
have been ordered. In this case, however, evidence had already been led as to
the breach of trust and the loss suffered by the Estate. As such, no further
order for accounts for wilful default would be necessary, and I made orders
dealing directly with the specific claims.

Unauthorised withdrawals from the Estate Account

52 The Plaintiffs alleged that the Defendant had withdrawn a total sum of
$118,000 from the Estate Account over 13 occasions between December 2010 and
February 2012, and that such withdrawal was without basis and in breach of
trust. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at para 59.

They further contended that the Defendant’s various promises to pay back this
sum to the Estate ought to be construed as an admission of his appropriation
of the Estate’s assets for personal use. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at paras 60-61.

53 The Defendant conceded that he had withdrawn a total of $118,000 but gave
two justifications. First, he regarded his withdrawal of the sum as a loan by
the Estate to him pending resolution of dispute with the Plaintiffs. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 13 September 2016 at para 10.

Second, he claimed that the Estate owed him $235,385.52 (being half of
$470,771.04) by virtue of his half-share in the constituent shares of the CDP
Account, which proceeds had been deposited into this Estate Account. Based on
this entitlement, the Defendant submitted that he was entitled to set off the
Plaintiffs’ claim for $118,000 against his half-share entitlement against the
Estate of $235,385.52, such as to derive a balance of $117,385.52 remaining
due and owing to him by the Estate. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 86-87.

The Plaintiffs’ claim was thus allegedly extinguished.

54 Having considered the evidence, I did not accept either of the Defendant’s
justifications. It was not disputed that the Defendant had withdrawn the sum
of $118,000 from the Estate Account, and that that sum was part of the trust
assets. It was thus incumbent on the Defendant to bring evidence to show that
he had a good basis for making such withdrawal. The Defendant had not done so.

55 First, in respect of the purported loan, no legal authority was cited for
the proposition that a trustee could unilaterally take a loan from the trust
assets. Indeed, it was not apparent to me how this loan would be a proper
discharge of the Defendant’s duty to act in the best interests of the
beneficiaries. This was particularly so when the Defendant had conceded that
the purported loan had been taken for his personal use, eg, to pay for his
daughter’s education. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 43.

No evidence was also brought before me as to the terms of this purported loan,
such as the duration or nature of the repayment obligations. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at para 18.

Nor was evidence presented to show that the fully informed consent of both
beneficiaries to the loan had been obtained at any material time. Indeed, as
it appeared that the Defendant had discarded this justification by the time of
his closing submissions, I make no further comment in this regard.

56 Second, in respect of the Defendant’s claim as to set-off, I did not accept
his assertion that he was entitled to a half-share of the constituent shares
of the CDP Account.

57 I turn to the evidence. It was undisputed that the CDP Account was at all
material times held in the Testator’s sole name, subject to the caveat that,
at an earlier point in time between 1993 and 1997, the said account had been
held in the joint names of the Testator and the Defendant. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 78; Agreed Bundle at 747.

The Plaintiffs conceded this, but argued that the conversion of the ownership
of the CDP Account from joint names to the Testator’s sole name meant that all
shares and securities in that account belonged entirely to the Testator, and
that it was indeed the Testator’s intention by such conversion to make clear
the extent of his ownership. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at paras 73-74.

58 The Defendant argued that, even though the CDP Account had been in
formality under the Testator’s sole name, the said account was in truth under
the joint ownership of the Testator and the Defendant, by virtue of which his
half-share entitlement arose. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 13 September 2016 at para 9; Defendant’s
Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 50-87.

The conversion of account ownership from the Testator’s and Defendant’s joint
names to the Testator’s sole name was only because of an purported change in
rule by the Singapore Exchange Limited (“SGX”) between 1993 and 1997 that CDP
accounts must be operated in sole and not joint names. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 53.

59 I was unconvinced by the Defendant’s assertion as to the motivation
underlying the conversion of ownership of the CDP Account. In cross-
examination, he conceded that he had no supporting evidence of this purported
SGX rule change. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 59.

The Defendant averred that he made telephone enquiries with SGX through their
“normal enquiry line”, but could not recall with whom he had spoken. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 59.

He further testified that he had gone down to the CDP office at Buona Vista
twice to make enquiries personally, and had received responses that the office
did not have “records going back that far”, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 59.

but produced no documentary evidence or contemporaneous record of what had
transpired. Even if his account was to be believed, the CDP’s response was at
best ambiguous and did not aid the Defendant’s case.

60 On the other hand, the Plaintiffs tendered an e-mail correspondence with
SGX dated 11 August 2016, in which the 1st Plaintiff had written to SGX asking
if two siblings would be able to jointly hold a single CDP account (a) at the
time of the e-mail, and (b) between January 1993 and December 1999. In an
e-mail response dated 11 August 2016, Yasmin Yusay, a CDP representative of
SGX stated that: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement dated 15 September 2016 at Tab C.

(a) a CDP joint account was available to anyone, regardless of relationship,
so long as both persons were of age and not undischarged bankrupts; and

(b) the “opening of CDP joint accounts is available eversince [sic] CDP’s
inception in 1987”.

61 The Defendant sought to raise doubts as to the authenticity and probative
value of this e-mail by arguing, inter alia, that nothing was known of the CDP
representative and that the response was too vague to be helpful. This did not
take him too far. SGX’s e-mail response was, on the whole, unequivocal and
directly responsive to the 1st Plaintiff’s questions, which were framed
appropriately given the issues in this case. While I accepted that the manner
in which the evidence was presented was not ideal, there was some irony in the
Defendant’s contentions as he too did not call as witnesses the CDP officers
to whom he personally spoke at CDP’s Buona Vista office. In his closing
submissions, the Defendant challenged the admissibility of the e-mail
correspondence, but did not make clear his legal basis for doing so. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 55.

Even if I were to rule in his favour, there remained nothing before me to
support the Defendant’s assertion that there had been a CDP rule change which
motivated the conversion of ownership of the CDP Account.

62 In the circumstances, I preferred the Plaintiffs’ case that the reason for
the conversion of the CDP Account from the Testator’s and Defendant’s joint
names into the Testator’s sole name was not the CDP rule change, but rather to
make clear the Testator’s whole entitlement to the constituent shares in that
account. Further, I did not accept that the existence of a linked joint
account to CDP Account ipso facto meant that the constituent shares were thus
jointly owned by the Defendant and Testator. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November at paras 73-74; Agreed Bundle
at p 779.

This was so particularly as the Defendant had conceded that he had no evidence
of his contribution to the joint account. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November at paras 17-20.

In his closing submissions, the Defendant criticised the manner in which the
Plaintiffs’ cross-examination questions had been framed, 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 17 November 2016 at paras 5-7.

but these were matters which he could and should have addressed in re-
examination. The finding that these shares were wholly owned by the Testator
was also consistent with the position declared by the Defendant himself to the
Commissioner of Estate Duties in the Statement of Assets, under which the
Testator was attributed full ownership of such shares, and the Defendant made
no caveat of his interest therein even though he did so vis-à-vis other assets
against which he claimed an entitlement. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiffs’ Reply Closing Submissions dated 23 November 2016 at para 66.

63 The Defendant also made general attacks against the reliability of the
Plaintiffs’ testimony. He claimed that he had a “long-standing personal and
business relationship with the Testator” and was thus more likely to be privy
to matters which the Plaintiffs were not made aware. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 61-62.

He also criticised the Plaintiffs for being laypersons unfamiliar with
business affairs, particularly those of the Testator and the Defendant. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 69-74.

In contrast, the Defendant pointed out that he had clearly been placed in a
position of trust by the Testator, as evidenced by his appointment as executor
of the Testator’s estate. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 63-64.

These arguments were neither here nor there. Even taking them at the highest,
they did not lead to the conclusion that the Defendant had a half-share
entitlement in the CDP Account.

64 In fact, on the preponderance of evidence, I found that the Defendant’s
claim vis-à-vis the CDP Account was more likely than not an afterthought
designed to justify his unauthorised withdrawals. As mentioned, the
Defendant’s position as to his interest in the Estate Account, or in the
constituent shares of the CDP Account, was never conveyed to the Commissioner
of Estate Duties at any time during or after the process of finalising the
Testator’s Schedule of Assets. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 21.

In fact, the Defendant conceded that he had in the final Schedule of Assets
listed the constituent shares in the CDP Account as being wholly owned by the
Testator, with no caveat as to his own entitlement therein. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 36; Agreed Bundle at 662.

65 Further, in the course of communications between the 1st Plaintiff and the
Defendant in 2012, the Defendant also did not make any mention of his interest
in the Estate Account or CDP Account. Rather, the clear presumption shared by
the parties in 2012 had been that the Defendant would return the sums
withdrawn as they were in the nature of a loan. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Agreed Bundle at pp 687, 708.

The Defendant’s silence was all the more telling when he raised no issue or
protestation, even after the 1st Plaintiff had given him clear instructions to
prepare a cheque for the entire balance of the Estate Account, and
unequivocally referred to a sum of $118,000 which the Defendant was said to
owe to the beneficiaries. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 31; Agreed Bundle at 707.

I did not accept the Defendant’s explanation that he had kept silent because
he wanted to wait for the 1st Plaintiff to cool off. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at pp 31-32.

The e-mail exchange between the parties at that time was not particularly
heated, and the allegations made by the 1st Plaintiff were so blatantly
contradictory to the Defendant’s alleged entitlement that it would only have
been reasonable for him to refute them or, at the very least, make an express
caveat in respect of them. Instead, the Defendant only informed the Plaintiffs
of his alleged entitlement to the CDP Account during a meeting with the 1st
Plaintiff sometime in late 2013. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1st Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence in Chief dated 22 July 2016 at para 80.

Given that the Testator had passed away in 1999, and the many opportunities to
raise this issue in the interim, the assertion of entitlement in late 2013 was
simply far too late to be explained on the basis of ordinary delays in
communication. Even accounting for some degree of informality in the dealings
between the Defendant and the Plaintiffs, who were after all family and
operated on some degree of trust at least initially, 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September at p 39.

the Defendant’s evidence as to his entitlement did not, to my mind, stand
scrutiny.

66 Apart from the facts, the Defendant also did not establish the legal basis
of his case. In particular, no authority was cited for the proposition that
the Defendant had been entitled to set off a personal claim by him, as against
the property of the trust. Indeed, there was authority that a “[s]et-off is
only available in respect of debts or liquidated demands due between the same
parties in the same right. So… to a claim against the defendant as executor,
the latter cannot set-off a debt due to him personally” (Foo Chee Hock JC,
Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 18/17/3). It
did not appear to me that the Plaintiffs’ and Defendant’s claims were “in the
same right”, and the Defendant made no arguments in this regard. The
Defendant’s failure to establish his basis and right to set-off meant that he
had no defence to the Plaintiffs’ claim for breach of trust, even assuming
that he factually established a half-share entitlement to the CDP Account.

67 For the foregoing reasons, having regard to both the facts and the law, I
found that the Defendant did not established his defence of set-off and/or his
entitlement as to any interest in the CDP Account. He therefore remained
liable to the Plaintiffs for his unauthorised withdrawal of $118,000 from the
Estate Account, which constituted a breach of trust.

Misappropriation of monies from Joint UOB Account

68 In relation to the Joint UOB Account, the Plaintiffs submitted that
sometime after October 2000, the Defendant closed the said account and
misappropriated the Estate’s half-share entitlement to the monies therein,
being a total sum of $136,561.76. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Statement of Claim at para 35.

In response, the Defendant initially submitted that the monies in the Joint
UOB Account had been “shared” between the Testator and him, and either of them
could make withdrawals on an informal as-and-when basis without the need for
permission from the other party. As such, the Defendant claimed entitlement to
all the monies in the Joint UOB Account by virtue of the right of
survivorship. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement dated 13 September 2016 at para 15.

That submission was discarded in the course of trial. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 88.

Instead, the Defendant argued that the sum concerned had been used to pay off
the Testator’s funeral expenses, medical bills, and outstanding debts
including that owed to the Defendant. The Testator’s son, who was also a
beneficiary and co-executor of the Estate while he was alive, was further
alleged to have taken portions of the said sum. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 88-90.

69 The Plaintiffs contended that the Defendant’s claim to the whole deposit by
virtue of a right of survivorship was an afterthought that contradicted the
position he had stated to the Commissioner of Estate Duties in the Schedule of
Assets. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at paras 68-69.

Further, they submitted that the Defendant’s later explanation that the
Estate’s share of the monies in the Joint UOB Account had been used to pay for
the Testator’s funeral and debts, and/or had been taken by the Testator’s son,
was without evidential basis.

70 As a matter of law, a trustee has the right to be reimbursed and
indemnified for expenses that were properly incurred in the management of the
trust (Snell’s Equity at para 7-030). This right of indemnity may lie in some
situations as a personal indemnity against the beneficiaries, but also as
against the trust property in priority over the claims of any beneficiary (E C
Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd [2013] 4 SLR 123 at
[13]).

71 However, in the present case, while that right of indemnity existed, the
Defendant did not adduce sufficient evidence to show that there had indeed
been such expenses incurred, and further, did not satisfy the court of the
propriety of such expenses. In respect of the funeral and medical expenses, no
receipts were tendered. Thus, neither the existence nor the quantum of such
expenses was established. In respect of the Testator’s alleged debts, there
was no evidence of any such debt in fact owed. This was the case even for the
Testator’s purported debt to the Defendant himself. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at p 46.

The Testator’s good relationship with the Defendant 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at para 90; Notes of
Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 89.

could not be used to surmount this gaping evidential inadequacy. Moreover, as
the 1st Plaintiff pointed out, it was more than a little curious that the
Defendant would only make mention of the debts owed to him by the Testator in
2012, some 13 years after the Testator’s death. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 89.

In respect of the claim that the Testator’s son had taken the monies from the
Joint UOB Account, the Defendant had no supporting evidence. Indeed, the
Defendant invited the court to infer that it was more likely than not that the
Testator’s son had taken monies originating from the Joint UOB Account, based
solely on the 1st Plaintiff’s concession in cross-examination that it was
“possible” that the Testator’s son could have taken some monies from the
Defendant without informing her, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 90.

and that the Testator’s son “liked to travel”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Reply Closing Submissions dated 17 November 2016 at para 21.

In a world of plentiful possibilities, this was not sufficient. Further, the
1st Plaintiff also explained that the Testator’s son had, at the material
time, been earning a salary and been entitled to 50% of the Estate which had
already started receiving some insurance pay-outs around 1999 to 2000. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Notes of Evidence dated 20 September 2016 at p 90; Plaintiffs’ Closing
Submissions dated 4 November 2016 at para 67.

There was simply no evidential basis upon which the Defendant’s claim of
reasonable expenditure or indemnity could be sustained. The Defendant thus
remained liable for breach of trust by misappropriation of the sum of
$136,561.76 from the Joint UOB Account.

Moti’s Debt

72 The Plaintiffs alleged that a balance sum of $40,641.78 owed by Moti to the
Estate may, by the time of trial, be time-barred as more than 12 years had
passed since the incurrence of the debt. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 September 2016 at pp 69-70.

Accordingly, the Plaintiffs claimed for both an account to be taken in respect
of the debt, and the repayment of the debt itself. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment 1) at paras 41(d) and (h).

The Defendant submitted that this claim was premature as there was no evidence
that Moti’s estate would be denying liability for the debt, or that a defence
of time bar would be raised if such claim were in fact brought. Further, the
primary liability was as against Basco, which liability to the Estate it would
be willing to honour, according to the Defendant in his position as director
of Basco. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 1 November 2016 at paras 92-93.

73 I agreed with the Defendant that an order on the specific sum claimed by
the Plaintiffs would be premature at this stage of the proceedings. However,
an account by the Defendant on a common basis of the said debt owed by Moti
was appropriate, and I accordingly so ordered.

Conclusion

74 As explained, no specific orders were made in respect of Basco and Eltee as
the relevant shareholding had been transferred by the Defendant to the
Plaintiffs (see above at [33]). The position in relation to the Stamford House
was also left to the taking of accounts (see above at [47]).

75 Further, I made no orders in respect of the Plaintiffs’ prayers as to (a)
damages and (b) indemnification for losses suffered in relation to the
accounts and inquiries sought. The latter prayer was not necessary if the
accounting process as explained had been properly understood. In respect of
(a), I observe that the claim, which was premised on a breach of trust in
equity, was crafted as a general one for damages, and not equitable
compensation as it should have been (see, generally, Quality Assurance
Management Asia Pte Ltd v Zhang Qing [2013] 3 SLR 631 at [31]-[50]).

76 In the circumstances, I granted the following orders:

(a) an account to be taken of the Estate Account and the monies due to the
Estate pursuant to the Schedule of Assets, including, but not limited to the
debts owed by Basco, Eltee and Bobby-O;

(b) an account to be taken of Bob’s, including but not limited to any dividend
payments and interest;

(c) an account to be taken of the debt owed by Moti to the Estate;

(d) an account to be taken of the Estate’s share in the estate of Lilan; and

(e) sums of $136,561.76 and $118,000 to be repaid to the Estate with interest
at 5.33% per annum. This award is compensatory, and for that reason interest
may be awarded under the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed).

77 As to the issue of costs, I was of the view that costs on an indemnity
basis was not called for here; costs was thus awarded to the Plaintiffs on the
standard basis.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Nandwani Manoj Prakash and Ong Xuan Ning, Christine (Weng Xuanning) (Gabriel
Law Corporation) for the Plaintiffs;  
Lim Thian Siong Sean and Han Shanru Gloria Bernadette  
(Hin Tat Augustine & Partners)  
for the Defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

