Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 22

Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2015

Between

| Chang Kar Meng  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Criminal Case No 28 of 2015

Between

| PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---|---  
  
And

| CHANG KAR MENG  
---|---  
  
judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Offences] — [Rape]

[Courts and Jurisdiction] — [Court judgments] — [Prospective overruling of
court judgments]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chang Kar Meng

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 22

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 15 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Judith Prakash JA  
16 August 2016

30 March 2017 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Chang Kar Meng (“the Appellant”) pleaded guilty to and was convicted of one
charge of rape under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Penal Code”) and one charge of robbery with hurt under s 394 of the
Penal Code. The High Court judge (“the Judge”) sentenced him to 12 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the rape charge, and five years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the robbery with hurt charge. The
sentences were ordered to run consecutively, and the Appellant accordingly
received an aggregate sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment with effect from 21
August 2013 (the date of his arrest) and 24 strokes of the cane.

2 The appeal before us is solely against sentence. The Appellant submits,
among other things, that the sentence meted out by the Judge is manifestly
excessive, having regard, in particular, to: (a) the mitigating factors; and
(b) the range of sentences meted out in previous cases involving rape and
robbery.

3 Having considered the circumstances of the Appellant’s offences, we are
satisfied, on the one hand, that the sentence which he received befits the
heinous nature of his crimes and cannot be said to be manifestly excessive.
However, we accept the Appellant’s submission that his sentence is out of line
with the relevant precedents and the sentences previously imposed in broadly
similar circumstances. Although we are of the view that the sentences meted
out in several of these precedents were inadequate and/or premised on errors
of law, nonetheless, in fairness to the Appellant, the sentencing approach
which we set out in this judgment for cases of rape and robbery will only take
effect prospectively and will not apply to him. At the time of his sentencing,
the Appellant would have harboured the expectation that a term of between 11
and 15 years’ imprisonment would fall within the normal range of sentences for
cases of rape and robbery. Hence, we hold that his aggregate sentence should
be reduced to 15 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane.

Background facts

4 The Appellant is a 29-year-old Malaysian male. The victim (“the Victim”) is
a 37-year-old Vietnamese female. The two offences which are the subject of the
present appeal took place in the early morning of 8 March 2013, at or about
1.30am, near the Victim’s flat.

5 At about 1.00am on that day, the Appellant was on his way to meet his
girlfriend when she called him to say that she was not going to wait for him
any longer and would be going home. The Appellant then headed home. At about
1.30am, he was crossing an overhead bridge when he saw the Victim, who was
returning home from work, at the lift lobby of her HDB block, and noticed that
she had a sling bag and a mobile phone in her hand.

6 The Appellant observed that there was no one else around and decided to rob
the Victim as he was short of money. After descending from the overhead
bridge, he removed his slippers, placed them in the bushes near the bridge,
and walked quietly towards the ground floor lift lobby. Approaching the Victim
from behind, the Appellant covered her mouth with his left hand to prevent her
from shouting and used his right hand to hit the back of her neck near her
right shoulder so as to knock her unconscious. The Victim became dizzy after
the first blow and felt the Appellant hit her a few more times at the same
spot. She then fainted and collapsed to the ground.

7 At this point, the Appellant noticed that the lift was approaching the
ground floor and wanted to drag the Victim to the right of the lift entrance
so as to avoid being captured on the closed-circuit television (“CCTV”)
installed inside the lift. However, the lift door opened just as the Appellant
was about to drag the Victim away and he lowered his head to prevent his face
from being captured by the CCTV. The footage that was later retrieved from the
CCTV showed the Victim lying on the ground outside the lift, with the
Appellant kneeling beside her and pinning her down. It was only after the lift
doors closed that the Appellant half-carried and half-dragged the Victim to
the right of the lift entrance. He then took the Victim’s sling bag and her
mobile phone from her hand.

8 As the Appellant lifted the Victim, he came into contact with her body and
became aroused. Observing that the Victim was unconscious, and after looking
around to confirm that no one was in the vicinity, the Appellant half-carried
and half-dragged the Victim to a grass patch about 13m away. He placed her
under a small tree at the grass patch, and lifted up her shirt and bra. He
took photographs of the Victim’s exposed breasts and starting fondling them.

9 At this point, the Victim regained consciousness. She felt the Appellant
touching her breasts, but was too afraid to shout for help and thus pretended
to remain unconscious. She opened her eyes slightly at various times during
the incident and was aware of what the Appellant was doing to her.

10 The Appellant pulled the Victim’s jeans and panties down to her knees and
raped her. He was not wearing a condom when he did so. Throughout this, the
Victim was too afraid to resist or fight back; she feared that the Appellant
would hurt or kill her if he realised that she was conscious or if she tried
to resist him. The Appellant eventually ejaculated outside the Victim.

11 After raping the Victim, the Appellant used his T-shirt to clean himself
and the Victim. He took more photographs of the Victim’s bare breasts before
dressing her and rummaging through her sling bag. He placed her work permit,
prayer card and house key into her jeans pocket, and walked away with her
sling bag and her mobile phone. (The Appellant later threw away the SIM card
in the mobile phone and gave the mobile phone to his girlfriend.)

12 At that point, the Victim wanted to flee, but she heard the Appellant
walking back towards her. She therefore continued to pretend to be
unconscious. The Appellant came back and carried the Victim to the staircase
landing between the first and second floors of her HDB block. There, he laid
her on a discarded mattress and took a photograph of her clothed body. He then
left the scene with the Victim’s sling bag and her mobile phone after
retrieving his slippers. The Victim thereafter returned home crying. Shortly
after, her husband reported the incident to the police.

13 The Appellant was apprehended some five and a half months later and
charged. He eventually decided not to contest the charges and, admitting to
the Statement of Facts, pleaded guilty. The only issue before us is therefore
that of sentence.

The charges against the Appellant

14 As mentioned at [1] above, the Appellant was convicted of one charge of
rape under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code and one charge of robbery with hurt
under s 394 of the Penal Code. The charges are reproduced below:

That you, CHANG KAR MENG,

1ST CHARGE

on the 8th day of March 2013, at or about 1.30a.m., at the grass patch in the
vicinity of [address redacted], Singapore, did penetrate with your penis, the
vagina of one [V], female / 33 years old (D.O.B: [xxx]), without her consent,
and you have thereby committed an offence under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), punishable under s 375(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
2008 Rev Ed).

2ND CHARGE

on the 8th day of March 2013, at or about 1.30a.m., at the ground floor lift
landing of [address redacted], Singapore, did commit robbery of the following
items:

1) one gold necklace with a jade pendant valued at approximately S$760;

2) one Samsung Galaxy S3 mobile phone valued at approximately S$500;

3) cash amounting to approximately S$300;

4) one silver ring valued at approximately S$250;

5) one brown sling bag valued at approximately S$100;

6) one red Casio watch valued at approximately S$90;

7) one pair of gold earrings valued at approximately S$70;

8) one brown ‘Toscano’ purse valued at approximately S$60;

9) one pair of spectacles valued at approximately S$60;

10) one EZ-link card with a stored value of approximately S$10; and

11) cosmetics valued at approximately S$10

with a total approximate value of S$2,210 from the possession of one [V], and
in committing the said robbery, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said [V], to
wit, by hitting her a few times on the back of her neck near her right
shoulder with your hand, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under s 394 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

The High Court’s sentencing decision

15 Before the Judge, the Prosecution submitted that the court should impose an
aggregate sentence of 18 years’ imprisonment and the maximum 24 strokes of the
cane (see Public Prosecutor v Chang Kar Meng [2015] SGHC 165 (“the GD”) at
[6]). The Defence, on the other hand, submitted that the appropriate sentence
would be a global sentence of around ten years’ imprisonment together with
caning.

16 In sentencing the Appellant to a total of 17 years’ imprisonment and 24
strokes of the cane, the Judge held as follows:

(a) The facts of the case warranted a deterrent sentence (see the GD at [23]).

(b) The Appellant’s audacity was amply demonstrated by the acts which he
committed against a helpless female within metres of her home (see the GD at
[23]).

(c) The Appellant’s actions, both before and after the offences were
committed, spoke of “a clear and determined mind” that suggested
premeditation, notwithstanding any depressive disorder that he might have been
suffering from at or around the time of the incidents (see the GD at [24]).

17 Specifically, the Judge highlighted the following factors (see the GD at
[24]):

(a) the Appellant knew he had to remove his slippers and move quietly if he
wished to attack the Victim by surprise;

(b) the Appellant knew how to render the Victim unconscious;

(c) the Appellant was mindful of the danger of being captured on the CCTV
inside the lift;

(d) the Appellant toyed with the Victim’s body and took photographs of her
with his mobile phone;

(e) the Appellant was “clear minded” in cleaning up after the rape;

(f) the Appellant could decide which of the Victim’s belongings he wanted to
take;

(g) the Appellant remembered to retrieve his slippers before leaving the
scene; and

(h) the Appellant knew he had to dispose of the SIM card in the Victim’s
mobile phone.

18 Throughout the episode, there was no sign of panic or impulse on the
Appellant’s part. While the Judge observed that he would have sentenced the
Appellant to 14 years’ imprisonment for the rape charge had it stood alone, he
reduced the sentence for that charge to 12 years’ imprisonment in view of the
Appellant’s youth and the consecutive imprisonment terms which he would be
receiving (see the GD at [27]).

The appeal

19 In his petition of appeal, the Appellant submits that the sentence which he
received for the rape charge is manifestly excessive because:

(a) it is not in keeping with the sentencing precedents;

(b) the Judge erred in placing weight on the Prosecution’s table of rape
statistics;

(c) the Judge erred in the way he applied the relevant sentencing principles;

(d) the Judge erred in failing to appreciate the significance of the
Appellant’s psychiatric condition in relation to his offending behaviour; and

(e) the Judge failed to place sufficient weight on the mitigating factors in
the Appellant’s favour.

20 By the time of the appeal, the focus of attention was principally on the
contention that the sentence imposed in this case was out of line with the
sentencing precedents in comparable cases, and the weight that the Judge ought
to have placed on certain mitigating factors. In explaining our decision on
the appropriate sentence for the rape charge, we shall first analyse the
significance of the aggravating and mitigating factors present in this case.
We shall then consider how the sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment and 12
strokes of the cane which the Judge imposed for the rape charge and the
resulting aggregate sentence compares with the precedents in cases involving
both rape and robbery.

The aggravating and mitigating factors

21 It is undisputed that the following factors aggravate the offences
committed by the Appellant:

(a) the fact that the offences were committed against a helpless victim within
metres of her home in a residential neighbourhood, because this undermines our
collective sense of safety and tranquillity, and also unsettles the wider
public;

(b) the fact that the Appellant penetrated the Victim without protection,
because this exposed her to the risk of sexually transmitted diseases as well
as the risk of pregnancy;

(c) the fact that the rape caused the Victim lasting trauma, because this
demonstrates the severe impact of that offence on her; and

(d) the fact that the Appellant took photographs of the Victim’s naked as well
as clothed body and fondled her breasts, because this heightened the affront
to the Victim’s dignity and, in truth, constituted a number of other wrongs
against her.

22 It is also undisputed that the mitigating factors in the Appellant’s favour
are his lack of antecedents and his youth.

23 The parties are in dispute, however, over the extent to which the following
factors are either aggravating or mitigating:

(a) the significant force inflicted on the Victim, which was intended to
render her unconscious;

(b) the Appellant’s depression at or around the time of the offences;

(c) the Appellant’s conduct after committing the offences; and

(d) the Appellant’s plea of guilt.

We consider each of these in turn below.

Infliction of significant force on the Victim

24 It is undisputed that the Appellant hit the back of the Victim’s neck near
her right shoulder a few times, inflicting sufficient force to render her
temporarily unconscious. The Appellant, however, submits that the
circumstances of his offences call for special consideration because his
assault on the Victim would already have been taken into account for the
purposes of the charge under s 394 of the Penal Code of voluntarily causing
hurt in the course of committing robbery. It is contended that to treat the
same assault as a factor that aggravates the rape offence would amount to
doubly punishing the Appellant.

25 It is well established that the court cannot treat a constituent ingredient
of an offence as an aggravating factor in sentencing: see Soong Hee Sin v
Public Prosecutor [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475 at [16]. Hence, in determining the
sentence for a charge of robbery with hurt, the fact of the accused person’s
assault on the victim cannot be separately regarded, in and of itself, as an
aggravating factor; although, for the avoidance of doubt, it should be noted
that the severity of the assault may well be treated as such a factor. The
court must also be vigilant to ensure that aggravating factors are not doubly
counted against an accused person. In ADF v Public Prosecutor and another
appeal [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ADF”), we considered the treatment of aggravating
factors in cases involving more than one distinct offence. We distinguished
between “sentence specific aggravating factors”, which can enhance the
sentence for each individual offence at the first stage of the sentencing
process, and “cumulative aggravating features”, which affect “whether the
global sentence should be enhanced” at the second stage of the sentencing
process (at [92]). However, we also specifically cautioned that care must be
taken not to factor in an aggravating consideration at the second stage if it
has already been duly taken into account at the first stage (at [92]). The
Appellant relies on these propositions from ADF (as cited in Mohamed Shouffee
bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”) at [78]) in support
of his submission that his assault on the Victim cannot be counted against him
twice.

26 In our judgment, the propositions that were put to us based on ADF relate
to the danger of double-counting particular aggravating factors in cases
involving multiple offences by taking the aggravating factors into account
both when determining the sentence to be imposed for an individual offence and
then again when calibrating the appropriate aggregate sentence to be imposed
for all the offences concerned. These propositions do not specifically relate
to whether a particular aggravating factor, such as the infliction of
significant force on the Victim in this case, can be counted as a sentence-
specific aggravating factor for an offence (in this case, rape) when it is
also an inherent element of a separate and distinct offence (viz, robbery with
hurt).

27 In our judgment, in cases of rape and robbery with hurt, where the hurt
inflicted by the offender is sufficiently and separately linked to both
offences, it may be treated as a relevant sentencing consideration for both.
We emphasise that we are concerned in this context with a situation where the
hurt caused is closely connected to both the offence of rape and that of
robbery with hurt. If the infliction of force on the victim was a critical
part of the commission of both of these offences, we think it would be
artificial to treat the assault as being connected only to the offence of
robbery with hurt and to ignore it when it comes to sentencing for the offence
of rape. While there is the possibility that such an approach might, in some
cases, lead to an aggregate sentence that is overly harsh, this concern can be
dealt with at the end of the sentencing process when consideration must be
given to the totality principle (see Shouffee at [58]).

28 In the present case, it is arguable that because the Appellant initially
intended only to rob the Victim, the force that was inflicted on the back of
her neck was for the sole purpose of robbing her. It was only after the
Appellant came into contact with the Victim’s body in the course of robbing
her that he became aroused and formed the intention to rape her. But, in our
judgment, to ignore the fact of the assault in the context of the rape would
be unprincipled and artificial given that the Appellant’s infliction of force
on the Victim was critical to the commission of the rape. It is evident that
the Appellant was able to rape the Victim because the initial assault had: (a)
rendered her unconscious; and (b) put her in such fear that she did not dare
to resist the Appellant as he raped her even though she had regained
consciousness by then. Instead, in a state of utter degradation, she had to
pretend to still be unconscious while she was being raped. We also note in
this connection that because the Appellant had rendered the Victim
unconscious, he was able to drag her away from the spot where he assaulted
her, and then take photographs of her exposed breasts and fondle them before
raping her whilst she was completely defenceless. In all the circumstances, we
consider that the Appellant’s infliction of force on the Victim should be
treated as an integral part of the factual matrix of the rape and should be
taken into account as an aggravating factor in determining the sentence for
that offence.

29 In any event, quite aside from this, the severity of the assault on the
Victim in this case (which was such that it was sufficient to render her
unconscious) unquestionably aggravates the rape committed by the Appellant.

The Appellant’s depression

30 We turn now to the relevance of the Appellant’s depression at or around the
time of his offences. It is well established that “the existence of a serious
mental disorder in an offender can affect a sentencing decision in myriad
ways”: see Public Prosecutor v Goh Lee Yin and another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R)
824 (“PP v Goh Lee Yin”) at [155]. It has an impact on the court’s assessment
of the offender’s culpability and need for rehabilitation, as well as the
likely efficacy of deterrence and the need to protect the public. In this
context, it is important to first establish the nature of the offender’s
psychiatric condition and the offender’s state of mind at the time of the
offence (see PP v Goh Lee Yin at [57]).

31 In the present case, the only expert evidence on the Appellant’s
psychiatric condition is a report dated 24 October 2013 by Dr Tan Zhongqiang
(“Dr Tan”), a registrar in the Department of General and Forensic Psychiatry,
Institute of Mental Health and Woodbridge Hospital. Dr Tan concluded as
follows:

1\. [The Appellant] was suffering from Major Depression in [sic] and around
the time of the alleged offences … Whilst there was no direct causal link
between his Major Depression and the alleged offences, it was clear that [he]
was experiencing tremendous psychological distress and his hitherto fragile
self-esteem had been fractured after repeated real and imagined onslaughts.
This may have resulted in him exercising poor judgement and terrific
impulsivity at the time of the alleged offences.

2\. [The Appellant] also suffers from Fetishistic Transvestism. He experiences
recurrent sexual arousal from cross-dressing and also from thoughts of himself
as a member of the female gender … There is no direct causal link between his
Fetishistic Transvestism and the first two alleged offences. However, it may
have driven him to procure lingerie illegally as it was embarrassing for him
to do so in a more legitimate fashion.

3\. [The Appellant] was depressed during [his] remand and suffered from panic
attacks intermittently … In future he will benefit from followup with a
psychiatrist for treatment of his affective symptomatology. He will also
benefit from psychotherapy to address his Transvestic Disorder and problems
related to his sexual identity.

4\. [The Appellant] was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged
offences. He was aware of what he was doing at the time of the alleged
offences and he knew what he was doing was wrong.

…

[emphasis added]

32 The Appellant does not rely on his “Fetishistic Transvestism” in
mitigation, but he does seek to rely on that part of Dr Tan’s report which
states that he was suffering from “Major Depression”, which “may have resulted
in him exercising poor judgement and terrific impulsivity at the time of the
alleged offences”.

33 As observed by the High Court in the recent decision of Ang Zhu Ci Joshua v
Public Prosecutor [2016] 4 SLR 1059, in determining the mitigating value to be
attributed to an offender’s mental condition, the “key question” is whether
the nature of the mental condition was such that the offender retained
substantially the mental ability or capacity to control or restrain himself at
the time of his criminal acts. If the answer to that question is “yes” and the
offender instead chose not to exercise self-control, then his mental condition
would be of “little or no mitigating value” (at [3]).

34 In our judgment, at the time the Appellant committed the criminal acts in
this case, his mental ability or capacity to control himself was not
substantially impaired by his depression. Critically, Dr Tan expressly noted
that there was “no direct causal link” between the Appellant’s depression and
his crimes, and that the Appellant “was aware of what he was doing at the time
of the alleged offences”. According to Dr Tan, the Appellant also “knew [that]
what he was doing was wrong”. Yet, he went ahead and committed his criminal
acts. Further, as the Judge observed in the GD at [24], the Appellant’s
conduct evidently “spoke of a clear and determined mind despite whatever
depression he was in around the time of the incidents”:

… [The Appellant] knew he had to remove his slippers and move silently if he
wanted to attack the [V]ictim by surprise. He knew how to render her
unconscious. He was mindful of being caught by the CCTV installed in the lift
when he saw the lift descending to the ground floor. He toyed with [the
Victim’s] body and took pictures of her with his mobile phone. He even told
the psychiatrist that the flash on the mobile phone was turned off. He was
clear minded in cleaning up after the rape. He could decide what he wanted to
take of [the Victim’s] belongings. He had the presence of mind to take more
photographs of her after he had moved her to the staircase landing. He
remembered to retrieve his slippers before leaving the scene. He knew he had
to dispose of the SIM card in the [V]ictim’s mobile phone.

35 Finally, it cannot be gainsaid that in raping the Victim, the Appellant
committed a grave and heinous offence. In such cases, it is well established
that the primary operative sentencing considerations should be retribution and
the protection of the public (see Public Prosecutor v Lim Ghim Peow [2014] 2
SLR 522 at [49], affirmed on appeal in Lim Ghim Peow v Public Prosecutor
[2014] 4 SLR 1287 at [39] and [52]; see also PP v Goh Lee Yin at [108]). These
considerations, to which we would add general deterrence in the context of
such cases, will only be displaced, if at all, where there is clear evidence
that the offender’s culpability was materially diminished because of a mental
disorder. In the present case, there is no evidence that this was the case at
the time of the Appellant’s offences, and thus, having considered all the
relevant circumstances, we are satisfied that the Appellant’s depression
should not be given weight as a mitigating factor.

The Appellant’s conduct after the offences

36 After raping the Victim, the Appellant (among other things) used his
T-shirt to clean her and then dressed her. Following this, he placed her work
permit, prayer card and house key into her jeans pocket, and carried her to
the staircase landing between the first and second floors of her HDB block,
where he laid her on a discarded mattress (see [11]–[12] above). This much is
undisputed. However, the parties contest the inferences that may appropriately
be drawn from these facts.

37 The Prosecution contends that the Appellant took the above steps so as to
leave no trace of the rape. The point, presumably, is that because, as far as
the Appellant was concerned, the Victim was unconscious throughout the
incident, he might have harboured the hope that by cleaning her and putting
her clothes back on, she would not even have been aware of the rape.
Obviously, the Victim would have realised that something untoward had occurred
if the Appellant had left her in a state of undress at the grass patch where
the rape took place. The Defence, on the other hand, submits that it is unfair
for the Prosecution to characterise the Appellant’s actions after the rape as
an attempt to methodically cover up his tracks. Rather, it is submitted that
the Appellant cleaned and dressed the Victim because he was sorry for what he
had done.

38 The court may draw inferences from undisputed facts in determining the
relevant factual matrix for sentencing purposes. In Public Prosecutor v Ng Tai
Tee Janet and another [2000] 3 SLR(R) 735 at [25], for instance, based on the
fact that the respondents had recruited persons who were willing to allow
their names to be used to purchase air tickets so that foreign nationals could
fly into Singapore using boarding passes that had not been issued in their
names, the High Court inferred that the respondents had colluded with an
organised crime syndicate.

39 That said, there must be sufficient factual basis to support the inference
that the court is asked to draw, whether by the Prosecution or the Defence. An
example where such factual basis was found to be lacking is Rupchand Bhojwani
Sunil v Public Prosecutor [2004] 1 SLR(R) 596 (“Rupchand”), a decision of the
High Court. There, the appellant was convicted of a cheating offence under s
417 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed)”)
and sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment. The appellant had downloaded the
website of another company, Power & Motion Control Pte Ltd (“PMC”), to his own
website. This was not known to either PMC or the victim, who placed an order
for Vickers Cartridge Kits through PMC’s website. The appellant was able to
access the victim’s contact details because of what he had done. Using those
details, he corresponded with the victim, falsely representing that his
company was an agent of the sole distributor of Vickers products in Singapore.
The victim transferred US$42,000 to the appellant, thinking that he was
purchasing Vickers Cartridge Kits from the appellant, but failed to obtain
delivery of the products ordered. The appellant was later apprehended and
charged with cheating. In hearing the appellant’s appeal against the 12-month
imprisonment sentence imposed by the district judge, the High Court considered
that the district judge had placed undue weight on the fact that the case
involved the misuse of the Internet (see Rupchand at [17]). The High Court
further held that while it was “probable” that the appellant “had performed
the initial download with an intention to commit some form of offence at some
later point”, the Prosecution had not proved that fact in relation to the
offence before the court, and hence, could not rely on it as an aggravating
factor (see Rupchand at [18]).

40 More recently, in K Saravanan Kuppusamy v Public Prosecutor [2016] 5 SLR
88, the High Court observed as follows (at [27]):

It is true that some flexibility in respect of standard of proof and
evidentiary sources is typically accorded to both the Prosecution and the
[D]efence in the sentencing process: PP v Aniza bte Essa [2009] 3 SLR(R) 327
at [60]–[62]. However, the degree of flexibility that is to be accorded must
ultimately depend on the materiality of the fact in question and the possible
prejudice that could be caused to the position either of the Prosecution or
the Defence by taking a particular fact into account. It is apposite to refer
once again to the extract from my speech which has been referred to above at
[7]. I would underscore, in particular, the point made at para 39 of the
speech, which is that it may be unfairly prejudicial to the offender if the
Prosecution were to raise a fact undisclosed in the [Statement of Facts] or
ask the court to draw an inference from the facts at the stage of sentencing,
which the accused was not aware of when he entered his plea. Where a material
factor that either aggravates or mitigates the offence is to be put forward by
either the Prosecution or the Defence, then it is incumbent on them to either
have it agreed, or to prove it. Such proof can be by way of evidence adduced
at a Newton hearing (see Ng Chun Hian v PP [2014] 2 SLR 783 at [24]); or on
the basis of submissions without adducing further evidence for this purpose
(see R v Robert John Newton (1982) 4 Cr App R (S) 388, cited in PP v Soh Song
Soon [2010] 1 SLR 857 at [3]). But where the latter course is taken, the
burden will be on the Prosecution to persuade the court that the aggravating
facts it wishes to rely on are supported by the [Statement of Facts]. In this
regard, the court would have to be satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that
the relevant inferences should be drawn: see, for example, PP v Liew Kim Choo
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 716 at [64]. And where the inference sought by the Prosecution
is not an irresistible one, the doubt will be resolved in favour of the
accused.

41 This passage refers to an extract from a speech delivered at a Sentencing
Conference held in Singapore in October 2014, where it was said (at para 39):

These broad guidelines [on the Prosecution’s duty to the court in relation to
sentencing] can be supplemented with another very practical point. All the
relevant facts must be proven beyond a reasonable doubt; and in guilty pleas,
the accused must know all the facts on the basis of which he pleaded guilty.
For the Prosecution to raise a fact undisclosed in the statement of facts or
ask the court to draw an inference from the facts at the stage of sentencing
may be unfairly prejudicial to the offender, who cannot be punished for
something that is not proven. Hence, the statement of facts must be prepared
with this in mind.

42 This is also consistent with the position taken by Australian courts (see R
v Storey [1998] 1 VR 359 at 371).

43 On the facts that are before us, we consider that there is insufficient
evidence to allow us to determine beyond a reasonable doubt whether the
Appellant’s actions after the rape were motivated by guilt and remorse, or by
a desire to cover up his crimes in order to evade detection.

44 In this regard, we note that in the Appellant’s interview with Dr Tan, he
said that he cleaned and dressed the Victim after the rape because he felt
“tremendously guilty”. Of course, the Appellant could have been lying in his
interview with Dr Tan. But, as neither Dr Tan nor the Appellant (who pleaded
guilty) was cross-examined, this aspect of the evidence was not tested. Hence,
we prefer to draw no inference either way from the Appellant’s conduct after
the rape and to treat it as a neutral factor instead.

The Appellant’s plea of guilt

45 The Appellant submits that the Judge did not fully consider the mitigating
effect of his plea of guilt. The Prosecution, in contrast, submits that the
Appellant’s guilty plea has no mitigating value in the present circumstances
because:

(a) the Appellant evaded arrest for five and a half months, which suggests
that he was not in fact remorseful;

(b) the Appellant downplayed the seriousness of the rape offence during his
interview with Dr Tan by telling the latter that “he could not remember if he
actually inserted his penis into [the Victim’s] vagina …”; and

(c) the objective physical evidence against the Appellant was overwhelming and
the Prosecution would have had no difficulty proving his guilt even without an
admission from him.

46 It is well established that “[a] plea of guilt can be taken into
consideration in mitigation when it is motivated by genuine remorse,
contriteness or regret and/or a desire to facilitate the administration of
justice” (see Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R)
653 at [77]). However, where the evidence against the accused person is
overwhelming, a guilty plea may have no mitigating value (see Fu Foo Tong and
others v Public Prosecutor [1995] 1 SLR(R) 1 at [12]). Thus, the mitigating
value of a guilty plea will depend on both the accused person’s intentions in
pleading guilty as well as the positive consequences that the guilty plea
would have in relation to the administration of justice and also the victim.
This too will often turn on the inferences that may properly be drawn from the
surrounding circumstances. For example, the principle that the guilty plea of
an offender who has been caught red-handed should not be given credit may be
explained on the ground that such an offender, in choosing not to contest the
charges, has likely been motivated by reality rather than by remorse.

47 At the same time, in the context of sexual offences, we think there will
often be a further benefit from a plea of guilt – namely, the victim will
thereby be spared the trauma of having to relive the experience in court and
being cross-examined on it. We therefore hold that offenders who plead guilty
to sexual offences, even in cases where the evidence against them is
compelling, ought ordinarily to be given at least some credit for having
spared the victim additional suffering in this regard.

48 In the present case, the Appellant’s plea of guilt undoubtedly spared the
Victim the trauma of testifying in court. However, this must be viewed in the
context of other facts including these: (a) the Appellant did not surrender
himself to the police, but instead evaded apprehension for a substantial
period of time, which strongly suggests that there was, on his part, no
genuine remorse or willingness to bear the consequences of his actions; and
(b) the Appellant knew that the evidence against him was overwhelming. In
particular, the Appellant knew that: (a) he had been captured on the CCTV
inside the lift at the Victim’s HDB block (see [7] above); (b) his DNA had
been found all over the Victim’s body and clothes; (c) some of the Victim’s
belongings had been recovered from his possession; and (d) the Victim’s mobile
phone had been recovered from his girlfriend. In the circumstances, while a
modicum of consideration could be given to the fact that the Victim was spared
from having to testify in court, on the whole, we are satisfied that the Judge
was not wrong to give little mitigating weight to the Appellant’s guilty plea.

49 In sum, we think that neither the Appellant’s depression nor his plea of
guilt has significant mitigating value. The Appellant’s conduct after the rape
should be treated as a neutral factor. The Appellant’s infliction of
significant force on the Victim is an aggravating factor that should be taken
into account in sentencing the Appellant for the rape, but this is subject to
a final review of the Appellant’s aggregate sentence for that offence as well
as the offence of robbery with hurt in the light of the totality principle.

PP v NF and the sentence imposed by the Judge

50 With the foregoing considerations in mind, we now consider the sentence
imposed by the Judge in the court below. Sentencing for rape offences has, for
some time, been influenced by the framework that was laid down by the High
Court in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R) 849 (“PP v NF”). That
framework is currently under review in another matter that is pending before
this court, but we nonetheless apply it in this appeal since it has yet to be
refined or revised. In PP v NF, the High Court identified four categories of
rape, three of which (referred to in PP v NF as, respectively, “Category 2”,
“Category 3” and “Category 4” rapes) feature particular types of aggravating
circumstances, namely:

(a) where there has been exploitation of a particularly vulnerable victim;

(b) where there has been a series of rapes involving either the same victim or
multiple victims; and

(c) where the offender has displayed perverted or psychopathic tendencies and
poses a continuing danger to women.

51 These are plainly not the only situations where rape may be regarded as
aggravated, but under the PP v NF framework, all instances of rape other than
the above are placed in Category 1, which is “a residual category that covers
all rape offences that do not fall within Category 2, 3 or 4” [emphasis in
original] (see Haliffie bin Mamat v Public Prosecutor and other appeals [2016]
5 SLR 636 (“Haliffie”) at [75]). In PP v NF, it was held that Category 1 rapes
“ought to attract an imprisonment term of ten years and not less than six
strokes of the cane as a starting point” [emphasis added] (at [17]). Although
this is obvious, it bears emphasis that the benchmark sentence set out in PP v
NF for Category 1 rapes (and likewise, the benchmark sentences stated for the
other three categories of rape) can only serve as a starting point because of
the multitude of factual circumstances that may affect the gravity of a rape
offence.

52 In our judgment, given the aggravating factors present in this case, the
Judge was entirely justified in departing from the starting point of ten
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane and sentencing the Appellant
instead to 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the rape. In
particular, we accept the Prosecution’s submission that the following factors
significantly aggravate this offence:

(a) the offence was committed within a residential neighbourhood, which shakes
the public’s collective sense of safety and tranquillity;

(b) the Appellant penetrated the Victim without protection;

(c) the rape caused the Victim lasting trauma;

(d) the Appellant took photographs of the Victim’s naked as well as clothed
body and fondled her breasts; and

(e) very significant force was inflicted on the Victim, such that she was
rendered unconscious for a period of time and, subsequently, after regaining
consciousness, was put in such fear of her life that she pretended to remain
unconscious while enduring the degradation of being raped and violated by the
Appellant.

In the light of these aggravating factors, an upward shift of two years’
imprisonment and an additional six strokes of the cane from the starting point
of ten years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the rape cannot be
said to be manifestly excessive.

53 Indeed, as the Judge observed in the GD at [27] (see also [18] above), he
would in all the circumstances have sentenced the Appellant to a term of 14
years’ imprisonment for the rape charge had it stood alone, but he reduced
this on account of the Appellant’s youth and the principle of totality since
the Appellant was facing imprisonment for robbery with hurt as well.

54 In respect of the latter offence, the minimum sentence prescribed by
Parliament is five years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (see s 394
of the Penal Code). This reflects the severity with which Parliament views
instances of robbery with hurt. The Judge sentenced the Appellant to the
mandatory minimum punishment, and so no issue can be taken with the sentence
for this offence.

55 This yields an aggregate sentence of 17 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes
of the cane for the rape and the robbery with hurt charges, which is what the
Appellant received in the court below. Before we turn to the precedents
dealing specifically with cases involving both rape and robbery, which we
consider in the next section of this judgment (at [56]–[71] below), taking
into account only the circumstances of the present case, we do not consider
this aggregate sentence to be either crushing or otherwise manifestly
excessive. The Appellant committed a heinous act in knocking the Victim
unconscious and placing her in such fear that she did not dare to resist his
gross violation of her bodily integrity. He also robbed her of items worth
more than $2,000 in total. As the two offences of rape and robbery with hurt
infringed separate and distinct interests of the Victim, there is no reason in
principle for the Appellant not to receive the full brunt of the law’s
opprobrium of both offences. The overall imprisonment of 17 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane, in our judgment, befits his
culpability for his criminal acts.

Sentencing precedents in rape and robbery cases

56 Despite this, the Defence submits that due consideration of the sentencing
precedents in cases involving both rape and robbery warrants a reduction of
the Appellant’s sentence. The Appellant contends that fairness requires a
measure of consistency between the sentence imposed on him and the sentences
previously imposed in broadly similar circumstances.

57 Six key sentencing precedents concerning cases of rape and robbery were
drawn to our attention in this context. In these cases, all of which involved
offenders who both raped and robbed their victims, the imprisonment terms that
were imposed ranged from 11 to 15 years.

58 At the outset, one factor which distinguishes the present case from these
six cases should be noted – namely, the robbery charge against the Appellant
was one under s 394 of the Penal Code, which carries a mandatory minimum
sentence of five years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. In none of
the other six key sentencing precedents cited to us did the accused face a
mandatory minimum sentence of this length for the robbery charge. That said,
in our judgment, what is material for the purposes of comparison is the
overall criminality of the offender’s actions. On this basis, we turn to these
six cases.

59 In Public Prosecutor v Leow Kim Chu [1996] SGHC 288 (“Leow Kim Chu”), the
accused was the victim’s neighbour. The accused invited the victim into his
flat on the pretext of offering to sell her a computer. After she entered his
flat, he grabbed her right upper arm and threatened to kill her if she
shouted. He blindfolded her, tied her hands, and then raped and performed
cunnilingus on her. Thereafter, he removed various items of jewellery and cash
from her while she was still blindfolded and tied up. Convicted of aggravated
rape and robbery under, respectively, s 376(2)(b) and s 392 of the Penal Code
(1985 Rev Ed) after a trial, the accused was sentenced to 11 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the aggravated rape, and three
years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane for the robbery. The judge
ordered the imprisonment terms to run concurrently on the basis that the
accused’s offences formed a single transaction. This resulted in an aggregate
sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane.

60 The circumstances of the offences in the present case appear to be more
serious than those of the offences in Leow Kim Chu because: (a) severe blows
were inflicted on the Victim, rendering her unconscious, whereas the accused
in Leow Kim Chu only threatened to harm his victim; and (b) the Appellant took
photographs of the Victim. On the latter point, aside from the affront to her
dignity and the violation of her body, the Victim was also placed in fear of
these photographs being distributed during the five and a half months when the
Appellant evaded arrest. We observe, on the other hand, that the Appellant’s
other acts of violating the Victim were less serious than those in Leow Kim
Chu. Furthermore, the accused in Leow Kim Chu claimed trial, putting the
victim through the pain of having to testify in court. While this cannot be
treated as an aggravating factor because an offender is entitled to claim
trial, the fact that the Appellant before us pleaded guilty, although of
little mitigating value for the purposes of the present appeal (see [48]–[49]
above), may arguably be regarded as a factor in his favour when comparing the
two cases.

61 On the whole, we are satisfied that the Appellant should receive a harsher
sentence than the accused in Leow Kim Chu. However, we also think that the
total sentence of 11 years’ imprisonment and 18 strokes of the cane that was
meted out in Leow Kim Chu was manifestly inadequate. The most obvious error in
the judgment was the judge’s conclusion that the imprisonment terms for the
aggravated rape and the robbery should run concurrently because the two
offences were part of one transaction. As was observed by the High Court in
Shouffee at [31]:

… [T]he real basis of the one-transaction rule is unity of the violated
interest that underlies the various offences. Where multiple offences are
found to be proximate as a matter of fact but violate different legally
protected interests, then they would not, at least as a general rule, be
regarded as forming a single transaction. …

62 Rape and robbery clearly violate different legally protected interests.
Hence, these separate offences, even if committed against one victim at about
the same time, should not, as a general rule, be regarded as forming part of a
single transaction. The accused person in Leow Kim Chu should therefore have
received at least a 14-year imprisonment sentence.

63 We turn next to the unreported decision of Public Prosecutor v Sivakumar
s/o Magendran (Criminal Case No 23 of 2012) (“Magendran”), the facts of which
bear some similarities with those in the present case. The accused in
Magendran spotted the victim walking to her HDB block looking tipsy. Before
the victim could press the lift button when she reached the block, the accused
approached her from behind and grabbed her neck. He dragged her into the lift
with one arm around her neck, and exited with her at the fifth floor. He
threatened to kill her if she did not comply with his demands. The accused
took one of the victim’s hands and placed it on his penis. Thereafter, he
raped the victim at the staircase landing, but ejaculated onto her back. The
victim did not struggle during the rape as she was afraid. After raping the
victim, the accused robbed her of her mobile phone, cash amounting to $230 and
a digital camera. The accused pleaded guilty to one charge of rape under s
375(1)(a) of the Penal Code and one charge of robbery under s 392 of the Penal
Code. He was sentenced to 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane
for the rape, and three years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the
robbery. The imprisonment terms were ordered to run concurrently.

64 In our judgment, the offences committed in Magendran were somewhat less
serious than those in the present case. Although both cases involved the use
of significant force on a victim at a HDB lift landing late at night when the
victim was returning home, in the present case, the Appellant evidently
applied more force because the Victim was rendered unconscious. The type of
photographs that were taken of the Victim also aggravates the rape in this
case. In addition, although both the accused in Magendran and the Appellant in
this case outraged the modesty of their respective victims in addition to
raping them, the actions of the accused in Magendran were less serious than
those of the Appellant. Here, we again observe that following the principle
laid down in Shouffee at [31] (as set out at [61] above), the judge in
Magendran should have ordered the two imprisonment sentences to run
consecutively rather than concurrently. Had that been done, an imprisonment
term of 16 years, which would have been more commensurate with the accused’s
culpability, would have been imposed. All things considered, we consider that
a harsher sentence than that which ought to have been meted out in Magendran
is justified in this case.

65 In Public Prosecutor v Tan Jun Hui [2013] SGHC 94 (“Tan Jun Hui”), the
accused entered the lift of a HDB block with the victim, who was returning
home. He threatened her with a knife with a 13cm blade. After dragging the
victim out of the lift at the ninth floor, the accused robbed and raped her,
and also attempted to penetrate her mouth with his penis. The offences were
committed in the middle of the night, and took place within a span of about
five minutes. The accused pleaded guilty to one charge of armed robbery by
night under s 392 read with s 397 of the Penal Code, one charge of attempting
to sexually penetrate the victim’s mouth with his penis under s 376(1)(a) of
the Penal Code and one charge of rape under s 375(1)(a) of the Penal Code. He
also consented to have one charge of aggravated outrage of modesty and one
charge of possessing films without valid film certification taken into
consideration for sentencing purposes. He was sentenced to four years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the armed robbery by night, ten
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the s 376(1)(a) offence,
and ten years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane for the rape. The court
ordered that the imprisonment sentences for the two sexual offences were to
run concurrently, while the imprisonment sentence for the armed robbery by
night was to run consecutively. The accused was thus sentenced to a total of
14 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane (24 being the maximum
number of strokes permitted under s 328 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)).

66 In our judgment, the totality of the offences committed in Tan Jun Hui
presented a degree of criminality which was more serious than that of the
offences committed by the Appellant, and the offender in that case should have
been sentenced more harshly than the Appellant. While the Appellant did
inflict significant force on the Victim and take photographs of her naked
body, the offender in Tan Jun Hui deserved a harsher sentence because: (a) he
not only raped the victim, but also attempted to penetrate her mouth with his
penis; (b) he used a knife with a 13cm blade to threaten the victim; and (c)
two other charges of, respectively, aggravated outrage of modesty and illegal
possession of films were taken into consideration for sentencing purposes. In
our judgment, the total sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of
the cane meted out in Tan Jun Hui was too lenient in the circumstances. Given
the aggravated nature of the offences (especially the use of the knife), the
imposition of an imprisonment term of only ten years for the rape, which is
the starting point for Category 1 rapes under the PP v NF framework, was wrong
in principle. In our judgment, the offender in Tan Jun Hui should have been
sentenced to around 15 years’ imprisonment for the rape, and this should then
have been ordered to run consecutively with the imprisonment sentence imposed
for the armed robbery by night.

67 We turn next to the unreported decision of Public Prosecutor v Sinnathamby
a/l Ramiah (Criminal Case No 2 of 2015) (“Sinnathamby”), where the accused saw
the victim at a park at about 9.00pm at night and decided to rape her. He
observed her while he pretended to do some stretching exercises. As she ran
past him, he grabbed her from behind, threw two cable ties over her body to
restrain her, and dragged her to a secluded area. He threatened to kill her if
she screamed. He kissed her face, licked and rubbed her vagina, and squeezed
her right breast before raping her and ejaculating into her vagina without a
condom. He then robbed her of her mobile phone valued at $378. Arrested one
month later, the accused pleaded guilty to one charge of rape under s
375(1)(a) of the Penal Code, one charge of aggravated outrage of modesty under
s 354(1) of the Penal Code, and one charge of robbery by night under s 392 of
the Penal Code. He was sentenced to 11 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane for the rape, two years’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for
the aggravated outrage of modesty, and four years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane for the robbery by night. The imprisonment sentences for the rape
and the robbery by night were ordered to run consecutively, but the
imprisonment sentence for the aggravated outrage of modesty was ordered to run
concurrently, resulting in an aggregate sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment and
(pursuant to s 328 of the CPC) 24 strokes of the cane.

68 In our judgment, the offences committed in Sinnathamby are, on the whole,
of about the same gravity as the offences committed in this case. In both
cases, a vulnerable victim was approached from behind and grabbed, although in
the present case, more force was probably inflicted since the Victim was
rendered unconscious. Further, while the rape in the present case is
significantly aggravated by the fact that the Appellant took photographs of
the Victim, the offender in Sinnathamby further outraged the victim’s modesty
by kissing her face, licking and rubbing her vagina, and squeezing her right
breast. He also ejaculated into the victim in that case, thereby exposing her
to a greater risk of pregnancy. All things considered, therefore, we regard
the gravity of the criminal conduct in both cases as being approximately the
same. In our judgment, the sentence for the rape in Sinnathamby should have
been higher given the aggravating factors in that case (in particular, the
accused’s use of cable ties and his threats to kill the victim), and the total
sentence should have been similar to what the Judge meted out in the present
case. The same result would have been achieved if all three of the
imprisonment sentences in Sinnathamby had been ordered to run consecutively.

69 We turn now to our recent decision in Haliffie. The accused in that case
was driving around Clarke Quay at about 6.00am in the morning when he saw the
victim, who was alone, waiting for a taxi near River Valley Road. He stopped
and offered the victim a lift, which she accepted. After driving for a while,
the accused stopped his car and crossed over to the victim, who was in the
front passenger seat. There was a struggle, but the accused managed to pin the
victim down with his knees and hands. He then raped the victim. Thereafter, he
returned to the driver’s seat, drove for a few hundred metres, stopped the car
again, and shoved the victim out of the car, driving off with her handbag. The
accused claimed trial, but was convicted of one count of rape under s 375(1)
of the Penal Code and one count of robbery under s 392 of the Penal Code. The
High Court judge sentenced the accused to ten years’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane for the rape, and three years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes
of the cane for the robbery. The sentences were ordered to run consecutively.
The appeals by the accused against conviction and by the Prosecution against
sentence were both dismissed.

70 In our judgment, the offences committed by the Appellant in the present
case are more serious than those committed in Haliffie because: (a) the
Appellant inflicted far greater force on the Victim, so much so that he
rendered her unconscious; (b) the Appellant attacked the Victim near her home;
and (c) the Appellant fondled the Victim’s breasts and took photographs of her
naked body. While some force was also inflicted on the victim in Haliffie,
especially during the struggle before the rape and when the victim was shoved
out of the accused’s car, this does not bear comparison to the amount of force
used by the Appellant in the present case. We are therefore satisfied that the
Appellant ought to receive a significantly harsher aggregate sentence than the
offender in Haliffie.

71 Finally, we turn to the decision of this court in Chia Kim Heng Frederick v
Public Prosecutor [1992] 1 SLR(R) 63 (“Frederick Chia”), another case relied
on by the Appellant. At [20], the court in Frederick Chia suggested that “for
a rape committed without any aggravating or mitigating factors, a figure of
ten years’ imprisonment should be taken as the starting point in a contested
case”, but where the accused pleaded guilty, a reduction of “one-quarter to
one-third of the sentence” would be merited. The first part of that statement
is not inconsistent with the framework developed in PP v NF. But, the second
part gives rise to concern. The Appellant placed great reliance on this
observation to contend that by reason of his having pleaded guilty to the rape
charge, the starting point for the rape offence should have been between six
and eight years’ imprisonment. We have no hesitation in rejecting this
argument. First, as we have already noted, whether, and if so, what discount
should be accorded to an accused person who pleads guilty is a fact-sensitive
matter that depends, among other things, on whether the guilty plea is
motivated by sincere remorse. Second, in cases that are especially grave and
heinous, the sentencing considerations of retribution, general deterrence and
the protection of the public will inevitably assume great importance, and
these cannot be significantly displaced merely because the accused has decided
to plead guilty. Having regard to the grievous and pernicious nature of rape,
even in the absence of other aggravating circumstances, we disagree with the
suggestion that a sentence of six to eight years’ imprisonment would be a
sufficiently severe sanction where the accused pleads guilty. Of course, such
a sentence might be sufficient in cases that feature exceptional mitigating
factors, but the factors in question would have to be demonstrably
exceptional. We therefore hold that Frederick Chia, to the extent that it
suggests that a discount of a quarter to a third of the sentence should follow
on a plea of guilt, is wrong and should not be relied on as a relevant
sentencing precedent for rape.

The appropriate sentence in this case

72 As we have already observed, in our judgment, neither the 12-year
imprisonment sentence that was meted out by the Judge for the rape, nor the
aggregate imprisonment term of 17 years which the Appellant received for his
offences is manifestly excessive. However, we accept the Appellant’s
submission that the total 17-year imprisonment sentence is out of line with
the relevant precedents and the sentences meted out in previous cases
featuring broadly similar circumstances. The precedents reveal that the
offenders in those cases received aggregate imprisonment sentences of between
11 and 15 years even where the criminal conduct involved was, in our judgment,
more serious than the Appellant’s conduct in the present case. We have also
noted that the sentences imposed in several of these precedents were unduly
lenient, and in some cases, this was the result of an error in applying
established sentencing principles, such as the one-transaction rule.

73 In Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 at [17], in discussing the
extent to which a court is entitled to disregard established sentencing
precedents, we affirmed the principle that “like cases should be treated
alike”. The application of sentencing precedents affords consistency in
sentencing (at [18]), and “[a] high level of consistency in sentencing is
desirable as the presence of consistency reflects well on the fairness of a
legal system” (at [19]). However, we also cautioned that this “does not …
detract from the need for individualised justice, viz, the need to sentence an
offender based on the facts of the particular case in question” (at [20]). In
the final analysis, the court must balance the need to mete out a just
sentence based on the facts of the particular case at hand with the
desirability of achieving consistency.

74 Of course, these goals are usually not in conflict. It is only in cases
such as the present, where the court has concluded that the relevant
sentencing precedents are erroneous and should be departed from, that a
balance between these competing tensions will need to be struck. In Public
Prosecutor v Hue An Li [2014] 4 SLR 661, where the High Court had to consider
whether to limit the retrospective effect of its decision to depart from the
existing sentencing precedents for the offence of causing death by a negligent
act, it was held that “judicial pronouncements are, by default, fully
retroactive in nature”, but an appellate court might “in exceptional
circumstances … restrict the retroactive effect of [its] pronouncements” (at
[124]). In particular, the court recognised that the extent of a party’s
reliance on existing law or legal principle was “particularly compelling in
the criminal law context, where a person’s physical liberty is potentially at
stake” (at [124(d)]).

75 In the present case, we accept that the Appellant should be entitled to
rely on the existing sentencing range established by the relevant precedents.
In our judgment, there are no clear factors that make the Appellant’s offences
significantly more egregious than the offences in the most serious of these
precedents so as to justify a significantly harsher imprisonment term. We can
see no basis for ignoring his legitimate expectations, having regard to the
general range of sentences previously meted out in similar cases involving
both rape and robbery. In the circumstances, we shall assess the sentence to
be imposed on the Appellant having regard to the existing precedents. Our
disapproval of several of these precedents on account of their being too
lenient or wrong in principle will, as mentioned at [3] above, apply only
prospectively, and not to the Appellant.

76 In the circumstances, we find it appropriate to reduce the Appellant’s
aggregate imprisonment sentence to 15 years, which falls at the higher end of
the existing sentencing range established in the precedents. The sentence of
caning will remain unchanged. We make it clear that moving forward, offenders
who are convicted of rape and robbery should not expect to benefit from
similar leniency, and a sentence such as the aggregate punishment of 17 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane that was meted out by the Judge in the
court below will not, in similar circumstances, be treated as manifestly
excessive.

Conclusion

77 In conclusion, we allow the appeal and sentence the Appellant instead to a
total of 15 years’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Sunil Sudheesan and Ngiam Hian Theng Diana (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for the
appellant;  
Sellakumaran s/o Sellamuthoo and Nicholas Lai (Attorney-General’s Chambers)
for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

