Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

IN THE HIGH COURT OF THE REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE

[2017] SGHC 37

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9212 of 2016

Between

| Mathew Koottappillil Mathew  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

eX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal procedure and sentencing]—[Sentencing]—[Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mathew Koottappillil Mathew

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 37

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9212 of 2016  
Tay Yong Kwang JA  

24 February 2017

Tay Yong Kwang JA:

1 The appellant is now 48 years old. He was convicted by the District Court on
5 September 2016 on one charge under s 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption
Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) and on one charge for criminal breach of trust
(“CBT”) under s 406 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). Three other
corruption charges were taken into consideration. All the events in the
charges took place in 2012. The corruption charge on which the appellant was
convicted involved a gratification of $500 obtained by him. In all, the
appellant received $1,500 in bribes in the four corruption charges. For the
corruption charge, he was sentenced by the District Court to six weeks’
imprisonment and ordered to pay a penalty of $1,500. For the CBT charge, he
was fined $4,000, in default, 4 weeks’ imprisonment. The fine and the penalty
have been paid. The appellant appealed against the imprisonment sentence on
the corruption charge and was granted bail pending appeal.

2 Counsel for the appellant argued that the District Judge was wrong to take
into consideration the sentences given to two other persons – Mariantony and
Ramasamy – as a guide in sentencing the appellant. Mariantony was a co-worker
of the appellant at Shimizu Corporation whereas Ramasamy worked for another
company. However, both of them, like the appellant, received bribes from the
same person, Hong Meng Choon (“Hong”).

3 In principle, the District Judge was not wrong to have considered the
sentences given to Mariantony and Ramasamy when he sentenced the appellant.
Mariantony, Ramasamy and the appellant were not co-accused persons in the
technical sense (although the District Judge referred to them as co-accused).
However, all three offenders were convicted on similar offences and there were
also factual similarities in that they all received bribes in various amounts
from Hong in broadly similar circumstances. The sentences given to Mariantony
and Ramasamy were thus not irrelevant and the District Judge was entitled to
take them into account when he sentenced the appellant.

4 Counsel for the appellant also submitted that his client was remorseful and
had paid $1,500 to his former employer, Shimizu Corporation, as restitution
for the bribes taken by him. For completeness, in respect of the CBT charge,
he had also made full restitution of the amount taken by him. The company
suffered a total loss of $6,240 (inclusive of the $1,500 bribes) as a result
of the appellant’s corruption offences. Counsel claimed that the appellant
paid only $1,500 to Shimizu Corporation because he thought that was the only
loss he caused to the company. He claimed that the appellant only found out
about the actual loss shortly before the mention date for him to plead guilty.

5 If the appellant was truly remorseful, he would have offered to make
compensation for the balance amount of $4,740 ($6,240 minus $1,500) to Shimizu
Corporation as soon as he became aware of the actual amount of loss. More than
five months have since passed and he has not done so. Before me, the arguments
were not about having no opportunity to make compensation but were instead
focused on the insignificance of the loss to a multi-billion dollar company
and on whether the appellant should bear responsibility for the entire loss or
whether Hong should share the burden.

6 Nevertheless, since this case involved a relatively small-scale corruption
in terms of the total amount of bribes, I decided to give the appellant one
final chance to make amends to his former employer. At the first hearing of
this appeal last Friday, after hearing counsel for the appellant and the
prosecution, I asked counsel whether the appellant was willing at this late
stage to pay the balance amount of $4,740 to Shimizu Corporation so that not
only all gains are disgorged but all loss is compensated as well. I stressed
repeatedly that even if the appellant agreed to do so, there was no promise
that he would get a different type of sentence or that his imprisonment term
will be reduced significantly. The prosecution rightly pointed out that even
if the appellant were to make full compensation at this stage, that could at
the very most reduce the imprisonment term but could not change the type of
punishment. Otherwise, the prosecution explained, there would never be
imprisonment once full compensation or restitution was made by an accused
person. After conferring with the appellant, counsel informed the Court that
the appellant was willing and able to do so within a week on the understanding
that no promise was being made by the Court regarding sentence. I then
extended the existing bail and adjourned the hearing for one week to today.

7 The appellant has made full compensation of $4,740 to Shimizu Corporation.
In addition, he wrote a letter by hand to the project manager of the company
stating “I am very remorseful of this untoward incident which happened during
my tenure as a purchaser”. I recognise that this gesture does not demonstrate
genuine remorse but was a purposeful move made in the hope of getting a
lighter sentence. This is full compensation made at the very last minute and
only at the suggestion of the court. It has limited value as a mitigating
factor. However, as I pointed out at the first hearing, such compensation
would at least remove the “additional aggravating factor” considered by the
District Judge as he was of the view that the loss of $6,240 caused to the
company was “not an insignificant loss” (see [18] of Public Prosecutor v
Mathew Koottappillil Mathew [2016] SGDC 261). By making full restitution of
his illegal gains and now making full compensation for the loss caused by his
illegal acts, the Appellant has removed this additional aggravating factor,
although at a very late stage in the case, and has distinguished his case on
this score only from those involving Mariantony and Ramasamy where no
restitution or compensation was made.

8 In the circumstances, I will modify the sentence to take into account this
event which occurred after the DJ had rendered his decision, at this very late
stage in the case and only after the suggestion made by me. The original
sentence of 6 weeks’ imprisonment is reduced to 4 weeks’ imprisonment, with
the penalty of $1,500 to remain. The appeal against sentence is allowed for
the reasons and to the extent stated above.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Judge of Appeal

Anil Narain Balchandani and Ashwin Ganapathy (I.R.B. Law) for the appellant;  
Navin Naidu (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

