Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 76

Suit No 168 of 2013

Between

| WARTSILA SINGAPORE PTE LTD  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| LAU YEW CHOONG  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 521 of 2013

Between

| (1) GENIKI SHIPPING PTE LTD(2) AGA-INTRA SDN BHD  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| WARTSILA SINGAPORE PTE LTD  
---|---  
|  
|  
|  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Agency] — [Principal] — [Undisclosed]

[Contract] — [Contractual Terms] — [Exclusion clauses]

[Contract] — [Duress] — [Economic]

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Causation]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Lau Yew Choong and another suit

  

[2017] SGHC 76

High Court — Suit No 168 of 2013 and Suit No 521 of 2013  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
9, 23, 25 – 26 August, 2 September, 1 November 2016

10 April 2017 Judgment reserved.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 These two actions were heard together. Suit No 521 of 2013 (“Suit 521”) is
an action brought by the plaintiffs, Geniki Shipping Pte Ltd (“Geniki
Shipping”) and Aga-Intra Sdn Bhd (“Aga-Intra”), claiming damages from the
defendant, Wartsila Singapore Pte Ltd (“Wartsila”), for the losses suffered by
the plaintiffs as a result of engine breakdown which the vessel, Geniki
Sarawak, sustained within three months of repairs that were carried out to her
main engine by Wartsila from 25 November 2010 to 31 December 2010 (“the 2010
repairs”).

2 In the other action, Suit No 168 of 2013 (“Suit 168”), Wartsila is suing to
recover the balance sum due to Wartsila for the repairs carried out to the
main engine by Wartsila from March 2011 to June 2011 (“the 2011 repairs”). The
defendant in Suit 168 is Lau Yew Choong (“LYC”), a director of Geniki Shipping
and Aga-Intra. LYC’s defence, amongst others, is that the charges for the 2011
repairs are only payable by him if the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011,
which necessitated the 2011 repairs, was not due to Wartsila’s poor
workmanship and/or negligence in carrying out the repairs to the vessel’s main
engine in 2010 (ie, the 2010 repairs).

3 The cause of the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011 is seriously disputed. In
particular, the contest is over whether there is, factually, a causal
connection between the breakdown and the 2010 repairs, which is now alleged to
be done with poor workmanship and/or without reasonable care and skill. It is
logical to deal with Suit 521 first.

Suit 521

4 After the 2010 repairs, the vessel resumed service on 13 January 2011.
Unfortunately, after operating for 1,104.78 hours, the vessel’s main engine
failed on 19 March 2011, and that failure necessitated another round of
repairs to the very same crankshaft that was replaced in the 2010 repairs. It
is not disputed that the 2010 repairs to the main engine included replacement
and renewal of the crankshaft, complete sets of main and crankpin bearings and
three connecting rods. The plaintiffs are understandably aggrieved that the
vessel suffered various engine problems within three months of the 2010
repairs that were carried out under Wartsila’s warranty. Wartsila denies that
the crankshaft seizure that led to main engine failure on 19 March 2011 had
anything to do with the 2010 repairs and, instead, assigns blame to the
vessel’s shipboard operation and maintenance procedure. Accordingly, Wartsila
maintains that the cost of repairs incurred for the crankshaft and bedplate,
which is the subject matter of the 2011 repairs and Suit 168, is payable by
LYC.

5 The issues in Suit 521 are as follows:

(a) Is Aga-Intra entitled to claim damages even though Wartsila’s contract for
repair of the Geniki Sarawak’s main engine was made with Geniki Shipping?

(b) Is Wartsila in breach of contractual duty and/or liable in tort for
negligence in carrying out the 2010 repairs?

(c) Is the breach of contract and/or duty of care the cause of the engine
breakdown on 19 March 2011 and thus the plaintiffs’ loss?

(d) Is Wartsila’s liability for all or part of the claim excluded or limited
by any standard terms or conditions?

(e) Are the conditions of contract or any of them not available to Wartsila by
reason of the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)?

6 The issue of causation is significant for the reason that Suit 521 can be
disposed of if causation cannot be established on the balance of
probabilities. It is, therefore, logical to look first into the factual issue
of causation (assuming but without deciding on matters such as breach of
contract or breach of duty of care). In this judgment, I will consider the
explanations as to how the crankshaft seizure on 19 March 2011 happened and
will also evaluate the expert witnesses’ theories and overall evidence to
decide on whether the engine failure on 19 March 2011 was more likely than not
due to Wartsila’s failure to carry out the 2010 repairs with reasonable care
and skill.

Causation

Engine failure on 19 March 2011

7 On 18 March 2011, while manoeuvring to berth at Singapore, the vessel’s main
engine reportedly shut down suddenly, but the crew managed to restart it.
After completion of cargo operations, the Chief Engineer inspected the
bearings and connecting rods of the main engine and the crew cleaned three
filters: the main filter, duplex filter and fine filter. Thereafter, the
vessel departed Singapore for Port Klang.

8 On 19 March 2011, whilst manoeuvring to berth at Port Klang, the vessel’s
main engine reportedly shut down again. The crankcase was opened for
troubleshooting. Investigation by those on board the vessel revealed damage to
main bearings No 4 and No 8, and that the crankshaft had stalled ─ the
crankshaft turning gear was jammed. The main engine breakdown report dated 19
March 2011, signed by the Chief Engineer of the Geniki Sarawak, Aye Min Lwin
(“Chief Engineer”), and acknowledged by the Master, Peter Gabriela Nyagom
(“Master”) states: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Lim Woei Pyng’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“LWP’s AEIC”), p 188.

Statement of Main Engine Breakdown

On the 18th, March, 2011 at s’pore vessel in the process of the berthing when
vessel ahead to astern changed position, M/E suddenly shut-down and a few
minutes start back. Completed loading sailing to port klang.

On the 19th, March, 2011 at port klang vessel at anchorage standby engine
starting time all pressure and parameters were good conditions. When vessel
process of the berthing M/E suddenly shut-down and cannot start. Vessel
proceed to anchorage for further inspection. At 1033 hrs vessel drop anchor.
At 1040 hrs engine crew immediately take action and proceeded to open the
crankcase doors and carried out a full visual inspection on the M/E piston,
con rod bearings and main bearings. All bearings condition, temperature and
piston free movement were checked and all engine room parameters were checked
too. At the same time all pressure were good condition, lub oil pressure is
0.55 Mpa. During the inspection we found out the unit No. 4 and 8 main
bearings shall was damaged. No 4 and 8 unit main bearings were badly damage
can be seen from the crankcase inspection. The con rod bearings were all good
condition, further inspect on the unite No 8 piston, liner, piston rings and
all unit con rod bearings were showed no damage and was in good condition.
Crankshaft was can’t turn, because No 4 and 8 main bearings were jammed.

We’re request superintendent to call technician with special tools and assist
engine crews to removed the unit No 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 and No 3 main bearings.

This report made to the best of my knowledged.

9 Wartsila’s personnel attended on board the vessel on 23 March 2011.
Preliminary investigations revealed cracked lines at the centre area of both
No 4 and No 8 main journals and an increase of hardness value. The vessel was
subsequently towed to Wartsila’s yard in Singapore for repairs to the
crankshaft and bedplate.

Investigations after the engine failure on 19 March 2011

10 Following the incident on 19 March 2011, Geniki Shipping sent the vessel’s
lubricating oil for analysis by Maritec Pte Ltd (“Maritec”). Maritec’s report
dated 1 April 2011 indicated that the lubricating oil used was normal and fit
for further use. Wartsila also submitted lubrication oil samples to SGS
Testing & Control Services Singapore Pte Ltd (“SGS”). SGS’s report dated 31
March 2011 revealed that there were no issues with the lubrication oil samples
obtained from the vessel’s storage tank and sump. The samples’ parameters were
within acceptable limits, and the lubrication oil was fit for use.

11 On 30 March 2011, Guangzhou Diesel Factory (“Guangzhou Diesel”), the engine
maker, attended to investigate the nature, extent and cause of the engine
breakdown. Physical damage that was visible was noted. Guangzhou Diesel,
however, remarked in its report dated 28 April 2011 that the engine had been
completely dismantled, leaving limited evidence available to enable it to
assess the extent of the damage. Guangzhou Diesel’s report therefore did not
specifically opine as to the cause of the breakdown.

12 Wartsila appointed Det Norske Veritas (“DNV”) to conduct a failure analysis
on the damaged main bearings No 4, No 5 and No 7 in order to establish the
mode and primary cause(s) of the main bearings failure. DNV also analysed a
new set of main bearings for compliance with Chinese national standards. DNV’s
first report no. 1-3B0R39 dated 12 May 2011 concluded that main bearings No 4
and No 5 failed in the manner of both abrasive and adhesive wear. DNV found in
main bearing No 4 evidence of coating deficiency such as non-uniform coating
layers, poor coating adhesion and chemical composition segregation. DNV’s
second report no. 1-32UJSN-50 dated 22 July 2011 was on a new set of main
bearings and it concluded that the bearings analysed were not in compliance
with the Chinese national standard CB*3264-85. It appears that Guangzhou
Diesel had rejected the correctness of DNV’s test results and the plaintiffs
also did not agree with DNV that the failure of the bearings was due to
coating deficiency citing problem-free bearings from the same source
(Guangzhou Diesel). In the present case, the parties have not brought up
defective material as contributing to the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011.

13 On 5 April 2011, Wartsila and Aga-Intra jointly appointed Braemar Technical
Services Ltd (“Braemar”) to carry out a survey and report on the main engine
breakdown on 19 March 2011. Braemar’s report GSS No. 309271 dated 10 October
2011 (“the Braemar Report”) stated, inter alia, as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

5AB 1372–1385.

(a) Nos 4, 7, 8, 9 and 10 main bearings were heavily wiped and scored. No 4
and No 8 main bearings showed signs of bearing metal disintegration and signs
of overheating (No 4 and No 8 main journals exhibited signs of ovality with
multiple heat cracks and hardness value exceeding allowable limit);

(b) Crankpins and crankpin bearings were all only lightly scored, with the
exception of No 7 crankpin being moderately scored, and No 5 crankpin bearings
having deep score lines on one side;

(c) One-sided metal wiping and scoring pattern on No 9 and No 10 main
bearings; and

(d) The lubrication system’s last stage filter element (basket) for
lubrication oil filter (“LSBF”) was variously torn with mesh material missing.

14 The Braemar Report went on to observe that it is not always possible to
determine with certainty the main and exact cause of damage, particularly when
the findings revealed more than one issue that might have contributed to the
failure. It listed several contributing factors: 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

5AB 1378–1379.

(a) Bearing failure as a result of lubrication oil starvation or
contamination. Lubrication oil starvation was said to be “unlikely” as the
condition on undamaged journals and bearings was inconsistent with total
lubrication failure. Lubrication oil contamination was said to be a possible
cause due to missing materials from the LSBF finding their way between the
main journal and bearing metal and hence causing damage;

(b) Operation records and performance data revealed some appreciable
differences in fuel racks position, power distribution and engine’s exhaust
temperatures. Although fuel injectors and fuel pumps were renewed after the
2010 repairs, the records showed that there were some still unbalances
resulting in overloading in some units. The overspeed on 11 January 2011 could
have exacerbated the overloading of the units, and if no thorough check was
done on the main engine components after the overspeed incident, any damage to
the main bearings from the overspeed would be left unchecked and progressively
cause further damage over time; and

(c) Latent defects found in bearings not manufactured in accordance to
standard requirements (this was however expressed to be “unlikely the main or
sole factor that caused the premature failure”).

15 On 22 October 2012, a year after the Braemar Report was issued, Aga-Intra
instructed TCL Engineering & Consulting Services Pte Ltd (“TCL”) to opine on
the factual cause(s) leading to the main engine failure on 19 March 2011.
TCL’s findings were based on a review of documents made available to them and
on information gathered from meetings with Aga-Intra’s representatives. TCL’s
report dated 1 November 2012 noted a “small possibility that poor alignment of
the crankshaft during the [2010 repairs] led” to the engine failure on 19
March 2011. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

LWP’s AEIC, pp 203–210.

TCL observed that the alignment of the crankshaft when it was put in operation
could not be ascertained since Wartsila had not taken a set of crankshaft
deflections after the sea trials ended. Nonetheless, TCL “strongly believe
[sic] that the crankshaft main journals had run out of trueness as a result of
the serious overspeed [that occurred on 11 January 2011]. The main bearings
most probably had also suffered some degree of injury during this overspeed
incident.” 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

LWP’s AEIC, p 209.

In support of TCL’s view that the crankshaft’s main journals had run out of
trueness, TCL referred to photographs of the main bearings taken after the 19
March 2011 breakdown that showed uneven wear on some of the bearings; and a
report from the engine maker, Guangzhou Diesel, stating that the flexible
coupling connecting plates that connected the main engine to the gearbox was
found bent with 3mm deflection. As for the overspeed incident, TCL deduced
from the photographs of loosened tappet adjustment screw lock nuts on various
cylinder head rocker arms assemblies and damage to the unit 6 exhaust valve
that the overspeed incident was serious. Whilst Wartsila had tested the
emergency stops and carried out overspeed trip tests on 13 March 2011, TCL
criticised Wartsila for not carrying out a thorough check on the condition of
the main engine’s components.

The parties’ pleaded case as to the cause of the engine breakdown

16 The plaintiffs’ pleaded case on the 2010 repairs is that Wartsila had
breached the express warranty as to workmanship pursuant to cl 1.4 of the
Quotation dated 26 November 2010 (“the 2010 Quotation”), or alternatively,
Wartsila, in breach of contract and/or duty of care, failed to exercise the
care and skill expected of a reasonably competent provider of maritime engine
repair and maintenance services. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) in suit 521 (“SOC Suit 521”), para 17.

To this end, the plaintiffs argue that the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011
was possibly 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Closing Submissions of the plaintiffs in Suit 521 (“PCS”), p 30.

caused by the alignment of the crankshaft seeing that Wartsila had omitted to
carry out crankshaft deflections and checks on the main bearings after the sea
trials to ensure that the crankshaft alignment was satisfactory. The situation
was then exacerbated by the overspeeding incident on 11 January 2011 which
could have resulted in undue stresses to the crankshaft. Another possible
cause of the damage to the main engine on 19 March 2011 cited by the
plaintiffs was lubrication oil contamination as a result of the broken filter
elements from the LSBF. This LSBF is the “final stage” screen for lubrication
oil to pass through before entering the main engine. The plaintiffs’ position
on this is that Wartsila, as a responsible repairer, ought to have been aware
of the LSBF and should have ensured that the LSBF was not left in the engine
system (per Operating Manual for 8320 Marine Diesel Engine (“the Operating
Manual”)) and should have removed the LSBF after the completion of the
flushing of the lubrication oil system, an operation that was part of the
contracted job scope in relation to the 2010 repairs. Wartsila thus failed in
its duty to remove the LSBF or recommend the removal of the LSBF following the
flushing of the lubrication oil system.

17 Wartsila denies breach of the warranty clause and/or any failure to
exercise reasonable care and skill in the performance of the 2010 repairs.
Above all, Wartsila argues that the plaintiffs have not discharged the
requisite standard of proof to succeed in this action. Wartsila observes that
the plaintiffs’ approach to proving the claim up to the standard of probable
cause is flimsy as indicated by their own comments such as “it can be any of
the factors” or “no one can tell”. Hence, the plaintiffs have failed to
demonstrate how any of the alleged causes led to the damage on 19 March 2011.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Closing Submissions of the Defendant in Suit 521 (“DCS”), para 163; Transcript
dated 2 September 2016, p 78.

18 A chronology of the crankshaft alignment tests taken as part of the 2010
repairs is narrated below (at [51]). Suffice to say for now that Wartsila
disagrees with the plaintiffs’ interpretation of the 16 December 2010 laser
alignment data and the 28 December 2010 crankshaft deflection data, and also
objects to the plaintiffs’ use of two curves plotted with reference to the 16
December 2010 laser alignment data and the 28 December 2010 crankshaft
deflection data since graphical depiction is neither a method specified in the
Operating Manual nor a standard practice of competent ship repairers. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

DCS, paras 62–95.

As regards the crankshaft deflection curve, Mr Wee made use of deflection
values that were estimates to provide the bearing elevation profile.

19 As for the overspeed incident on 11 January 2011, Wartsila submits that
there was no palpable evidence that an engine overspeed occurred. If
overspeeding had in fact occurred, the damage to the main engine would have
been immediate and disastrous unlike in the present case where the vessel
continued to sail at its usual operating speed shortly after. As for the last
potential cause relating to the LSBF, Wartsila is unsure whether the
plaintiffs are relying on the LSBF as an independent cause, or treating it as
interlinked and contributory in relation to the other alleged causes. Wartsila
does not accept that the flushing of the lubrication oil system of the vessel
was its responsibility; instead, it takes the view that maintenance of the
lubrication oil system was part of the crew’s operational responsibilities.

20 Wartsila avers that the main engine breakdown on 19 March 2011 was caused
by the vessel’s operation and the crew’s maintenance of the main engine and/or
supply and use of defective equipment and parts in the operation of the main
engine. In particular, there was failure to investigate or detect the cause of
the breakdown of the main engine after the engine had shut down on 18 March
2011 in Singapore. Instead, the crew continued to operate the main engine for
another 12 hours or so until the main engine failed at Port Klang. This
12-hour long sailing led to severe wearing down of the bent crankshaft as well
as main bearings No 4 and No 8. Wartsila’s pleaded case is that had the crew
carried out timely and proper investigation, the damage could have been
detected and minimal repair would have been required. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Defence (Amendment No 3) in Suit 521, para 7(c).

Evaluation of the evidence

General comments

21 The plaintiffs did not call the Chief Engineer and the Master to testify at
the trial. Without the Chief Engineer’s oral testimony, his report set out in
[8] above could not be assumed to be entirely accurate, though no one
suggested that it was not. It was the only written record of the sequence of
events on which the experts voiced their opinions. Even though the Second
Engineer, Bambang Prayogi (“Bambang”), testified at the trial, he was not
asked about the Chief Engineer’s report. However, he elaborated that a
technician was despatched from shore and the technician opened the crankcase
to look into the main engine failure on 19 March 2011. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcript dated 18 August 2016, pp 13 and 25.

During re-examination, Bambang explained that the Chief Engineer inspected the
bearings and connecting rods on 18 March 2011 after the engine shut down. He
testified that three filters were also cleaned. The Chief Engineer’s report on
the incident on 18 March 2011 was brief and the Chief Engineer did not record
the matters that Bambang spoke about in re-examination.

22 I did not hear evidence from Guangzhou Diesel and TCL. I also did not hear
evidence from Braemar’s attending surveyor. It was all left to the expert
witnesses to opine on the nature and extent of the damage recorded and the
repairs that were conducted by reference to the documents produced by the
parties. Even though the Second Engineer, Bambang, testified at trial, his
testimony was limited and there was a noticeable absence of direct evidence
from anyone on watch on his observation of temperature or pressure on the
engine’s gauges, and of the increase in lubrication oil consumption over three
days prior to the shutdown of the engine on 18 and 19 March 2011. One notable
feature of the documents at trial was the unsigned copies of engine logs
produced by the plaintiffs for the period 12 March 2011 to 20 March 2011 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

3AB 820–834.

and that meant that the reliability of the engine logs could not be taken as
read in the absence of evidence as to their accuracy. Presumably, provenance
is not an issue as the unsigned engine logs were in the Agreed Bundles where
authenticity of documents contained therein is accepted. Again, from the Chief
Engineer’s absence at the trial, it was left to the expert witnesses to
interpret the Chief Engineer’s e-mails that purportedly reported an overspeed
on 11 January 2011.

Plaintiffs’ evidence on causation

23 I begin with the plaintiffs’ evidence on causation. Geniki Shipping’s
general manager, Lim Woei Pyng (“LWP”), who is also known as Michael Lim,
testified as to Wartsila’s poor workmanship with the general complaint that
the main engine did not function at its optimum after the 2010 repairs.
Wartsila renewed the crankshaft in the 2010 repairs and there was misalignment
of the crankshaft that had to do with Wartsila’s workmanship. Following the
incident on 19 March 2011, the crankshaft had to be replaced in the 2011
repairs. LWP described the misalignment of the crankshaft as “one of the
factor [sic]” that caused the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Transcript dated 16 August 2016, p 19.

Furthermore, there was an overspeed incident on 11 January 2011 and the
condition of the main engine was left unchecked by Wartsila and that omission
“could be [a] contributing” factor. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript dated 16 August 2016, p 19.

The plaintiffs argue that the “combination of these two factors” was “one of
the very likely cause” 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript dated 16 August 2016, p 20.

of the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011. I understood the plaintiffs to have
in mind two events that occurred at different times in sequence, and the
cumulative effect of both events (ie, factors) led to the breakdown on 19
March 2011. Specifically, the crankshaft was not aligned properly prior to the
engine start up (hereafter referred to as “the crankshaft alignment
argument”). The crankshaft alignment argument encompasses a few additional
thoughts: the crankshaft’s alignment was left unchecked in that Wartsila had
on a number of occasions failed to re-assess and take necessary corrective
actions to reduce the stresses to the main bearings. LWP’s further point is
that Wartsila ought to but did not carry out a thorough crankcase inspection
for damage after the overspeed incident on 11 January 2011. A thorough
inspection would include checking the condition of the cylinder liners,
pistons and tightness of the connecting rod bolt from the crankcase. With
overspeed, the condition of the running components of the engine would have
been subject to excessive vibration and stresses. The complaint was that the
condition of the main bearings was not assessed after the overspeed incident.
Photographs taken after the main engine failure on 19 March 2011 revealed
uneven wear of some of the main bearings. Hence, the totality of the evidence
supports the plaintiffs’ case that the crankshaft main journals had run out of
trueness as a result of the overspeed incident on 11 January 2011. To LWP, the
loosening of the tappet adjustment lock nuts and the damage sustained by the
unit 6 exhaust valve were collectively a “sign” indicative of engine
overspeed. There are other complaints and I will deal with them later on.

24 As alluded to (at [23] above), the argument is that the contributing
factors at work had a progressive and cumulative effect arising from a
sequence of events. In terms of legal causation, in determining which of LWP’s
two factual causes could be said to be the cause for the purposes of legal
liability of the engine breakdown, the plaintiffs’ expert witness, Mr Wee Swee
Kwee (“Mr Wee”), in his oral testimony said that either of the two factual
causes described by LWP would support his theory of lubrication oil
starvation. Notably, in the course of the trial, Mr Wee expanded the range of
factors from two to four factual causes of the damage to the crankshaft.
According to Mr Wee, any one factor alone can suffice to support his theory of
lubrication oil starvation. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, pp 122–124.

He identified four building blocks or indicators: (a) crankshaft misalignment
causing stress; (b) overloading of the affected bearings; (c) further stress
from overspeeding, and (d) evidence of some one-sided metal wiping.

25 At this juncture, I pause to mention the plaintiffs’ complaint about the
engine’s performance after the replacement and tuning of all the fuel pumps
and injectors as recommended by Wartsila. The plaintiffs seem to have dropped
this complaint as a probable cause of the main engine failure on 19 March 2011
altogether in their closing submissions. Their expert witness, Mr Wee,
accepted that the fuel pumps were adjusted after their renewal, and that the
adjustments were satisfactory. More importantly, he opined that even if the
fuel pumps were not adjusted properly, and whilst it could be a contributing
factor, it was not likely to be a direct cause of damage to the crankshaft. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Transcript dated 2 September 2016, p 78.

26 As regards Mr Wee’s second building block or indicator (at [24] above),
this seems to coincide with the second contributory factor listed in the
Braemar Report and summarised in [14] above. The performance data taken on 31
December 2010 showed that the engine was not in a balanced condition. It
appeared that the crew had adjusted the fuel pump racks based on cylinder
temperatures, and to Wartsila’s expert witness, Mr Michael Thompson (“Mr
Thompson”), this practice is not correct and it probably resulted in the
unbalanced load, speed fluctuation and the incorrect fuel pump rack setting
which prevented the engine from stopping. Mr Thompson further opined that the
engine’s unbalanced condition was made worse because some of the existing
exhaust gas thermometers were “suspect/defective”. The engine’s balance was
restored on 13 January 2011 based on Wartsila’s “Engine Running Data” dated 14
January 2011. Mr Thompson opined that the data showed that the main engine’s
performance during the sea trial on 13 January 2011 was satisfactory with
balanced exhaust temperatures and fuel rack index in all the cylinders. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Michael Thompson’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“Thompson’s AEIC”), p 558.

27 I now turn to discuss the various factors relied upon by the plaintiffs.

Overspeed on 11 January 2011

28 The factual issue here is whether or not an engine overspeed occurred on 11
January 2011. A finding of fact on this issue is important since the
plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that Wartsila had failed to assess the condition
of the crankshaft and its alignment following the overspeed incident on 11
January 2011. It is also the plaintiffs’ pleaded case that Wartsila should
have assessed the condition of the engine’s running components after the
overspeed incident.

29 Wartsila has rejected the plaintiffs’ claim of an engine overspeed on 11
January 2011. Mr Thompson testified as to the absence of any evidence of an
engine overspeed on 11 January 2011. To Mr Thompson, an engine overspeed is
referable to an “overspeeding condition” which is a situation of excessive
uncontrollable rotational speed that would result in damage to the engine, ie,
a runaway engine. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, pp 12 and 31.

The first manifestation of overspeeding would be crankpin bearing failure
which was not seen in the case here. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 37.

If there was crankpin bearing failure, the main engine would not be able to
run after the incident. However, the crew was able to run the engine at 450
revolutions per minute (“rpm”) after the alleged overspeed incident, meaning
that the engine was operating normally. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 149.

In fact, the vessel was able to continue in service for more than 1,100 hours
until 19 March 2011. Follow-up investigations after the engine failure on 19
March 2011 confirmed that there was no crankpin bearing failure.

30 To show that there was an engine overspeed on 11 January 2011, the
plaintiffs relied on e-mails sent by the Master/Chief Engineer and by Geniki
Shipping to Wartsila on 11 January 2011, loosened tappet adjusting nuts of the
rocker arms as well as notification of the incident to Wartsila’s engineer,
Sou Chai Kwee (“SCK”) when he attended on board the vessel on 13 January 2011.
In addition, some black and white photographs were exhibited by LWP in his
Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“SAEIC”), but these photographs
had little evidential value. There were no date stamps on the photographs and
LWP could not tell when the plaintiffs’ technical superintendent of the
vessel, Mr Tilak Raman (“Raman”), received the photographs. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript dated 16 August 2016, pp 46–47.

Mr Wee’s reports did not refer to or rely on them, and eventually there was no
mention of the photographs in the plaintiffs’ closing submissions.

31 The Master/Chief Engineer’s first three e-mails (on 11 January 2011, at
2.34pm, 4.38pm and 7.44pm) were to Raman, who was not called to testify on
behalf of the plaintiffs. He would have been a useful witness. As stated
earlier, the interpretation of the e-mails were left to the expert witnesses.

32 The e-mails (with LWP copied in them) were to inform Raman of a situation
on board where the injectors had blacked out, No 8 fuel pump had stopped
working, the fuel pump had been knocking and the “free gear [had] suddenly
[come] to over speed”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

LWP’s AEIC, p 158.

It is useful to set out the contents of the three e-mails:

Email at 2.34pm 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

4AB 986.

Subj+ M/E NEW INJECTOR BLACK OUT

Good day,

M/E NEW INJECTOR ALL BLACK OUT, ARRIVE SIN ALL CHECK FUEL PUMP AND INJ ECTR,
ENG SOUND VERY STRONG, NOW USE DO FOR SAILING

Email at 4.38pm 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

4AB 987.

Subj+Main engine slow down free gear come to over speed

Fyi, Main engine slow down free gear come to over speed, n No: 8 fuel pump
unable working (Problem). M/E sea water outlet valve broken. Request Arrival
Sin all fuel pump injectors to be check include govanors.

Email at 7.44 pm 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

4AB 988.

Subj+Main engine problem

Fyi, Fuel pump knocking, n reduce Main engine RPM, slow down, free gear
suddenly coming to over speed.

33 LWP accepted that the e-mails were unclear and that Raman had to seek
clarification from the Master/Chief Engineer. Raman’s e-mail dated 11 January
2011 at 9.46pm to the Master/Chief Engineer stated that the e-mails “regarding
main engine [were] not clear and [they were] having a very hard time
understanding the e-mails”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

LWP’s AEIC, p 159.

He asked, amongst other things, for the speed of the engine and at what speed
the engine became disengaged. He also wanted the readings taken at full speed.
As Raman, the Master and the Chief Engineer all did not testify in court, it
is not known if Master or Chief Engineer telephoned Raman as he requested in
his e-mail. Raman’s subsequent e-mail dated 12 October 2011 referred to the 11
January 2011 incident as follows: that he “received e-mail from vessel
informing [that the] main engine almost came to overspeed and engine noise
very loud” [emphasis added]. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 349.

34 Whilst the engine log recorded an emergency stop at 1245 hours, the
overspeed incident was not recorded. Besides, based on the engine logs in the
Agreed Bundles, the speed at which the engine was put to run in service was
normally and consistently 460 rpm. Notably, Bambang did not testify as to the
actual occurrence of an engine overspeed on 11 January 2011. One would have
expected him to be asked to elaborate on the speed and the corresponding
duration that the engine was put to run before the emergency stop at 1245
hours. Duration and rotational speed are pertinent information. In fact,
Wartsila had asked for the same information when the overspeed incident was
conveyed by the Chief Engineer to Wartsila’s engineer, SCK, who attended on
board the vessel on 13 January 2011. SCK confirmed that the Chief Engineer
reported that the main engine had suffered from overspeeding on 11 January and
that the vessel was unable to stop due to a problem associated with No 8 fuel
pump. SCK wanted to know the speed at which the overspeed had occurred but the
Chief Engineer could not tell him the “rpm that they have suffer[ed]”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Transcript dated 19 August 2016, pp 93–94.

SCK’s testimony was not challenged in the absence of the Chief Engineer and
Raman. I find on the evidence that an incident with the main engine was
reported to Wartsila’s SCK on 13 January 2011. Given the lack of relevant
details, SCK’s decision to conduct emergency stops and overspeed trip tests
was reasonable.

35 For the reasons stated above, it would be unsafe to accept at face value,
the Chief Engineer’s usage of the phrase “over speed” in his e-mails and in
his conversation with SCK to conclude that an actual overspeed incident
occurred on 11 January 2011. Without evidence of the actual engine speed and
its duration before the emergency stop at 1245 hours, the plaintiffs are not
able to establish that before the emergency stop at 1245 hours, the engine’s
speed was in excess of 525 rpm.

36 By way of explanation, Mr Wee said that overspeeding occurs when the main
engine is forced or allowed to run beyond its operation or design limit. In
this regard, the design limit of the main engine is the rated speed of 525
rpm. Hence, 525 rpm would be the maximum rpm at which the engine would be
expected to run safely and normally on a continuous basis. Supposing the
rotational speed exceeded 525 rpm, the overspeed incident on 11 January 2011
“might [have caused] possible damage”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 16.

Mr Wee did not refer to the length of time and the actual rpm the engine was
allowed to continuously run in excess of the design limit of 525 rpm. It seems
that Mr Wee’s view is that damage could be sustained even if the overspeed
incident occurred once on any particular day. Mr Wee’s explanation that one
such incident could still bend the crankshaft, referencing evidence of a bent
crankshaft after the 19 March 2011 engine breakdown.

37 Mr Thompson’s view, however, is that even if the engine speed exceeds the
rated rpm of 525, there would be no overspeeding condition. Based on the
Operating Manual, 588-604 rpm is the stated rpm rotational speed range beyond
which the overspeed limiter would be activated to prevent damage to the
engine. The optical and acoustic alarm would be triggered if the pre-set range
is exceeded. Mr Thompson opines that there would probably be damage to the
main engine only if the engine ran above the safety trip of 604 rpm; and
because engines are always designed with a “factor of safety, any rotational
speed below 604 rpm will not “cause any problem to the engine”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 136.

I find his explanation logical whilst Mr Wee’s response ─ that the safety trip
was to prevent further damage to the engine as engineers are supposed to take
action before the trip is set off ─ is dubious. Accepting Mr Wee’s view would
be tantamount to accepting that the engine maker in coming to its
recommendations was fine with “possible damage” whenever the engine was
operating outside of the rated overspeed of 525 rpm. Mr Wee’s view is not
LWP’s position which is that the main engine would not be damaged even if the
engine had reached the overspeed trip set at 560 rpm on 11 January 2011. It
should be noted that the overspeed trip device was set at 560 rpm on 30
December 2010 and that was the trip limit until it was increased to 565 rpm on
14 January 2011.

38 Wartsila is not disputing that on 11 January 2011, No 8 fuel pump was found
to be defective and the vessel experienced an engine surge which was
subsequently reported to Wartsila. Mr Thompson opined that the defective No 8
fuel pump could have caused the main engine’s speed to fluctuate, and this
speed fluctuation would have given the impression that the engine was
overspeeding: 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, pp 26–28.

A: … [I]f I see from email, page 988… “[For your information], fuel pump
knocking”, and then they reduce the main engine rpm, slow down “free gear
suddenly coming to overspeed”.

I would interpret it this way, your Honour. What has happened is they had
problem with the fuel pump so the next step they did was to reduce the engine
rpm…

Then the main engine slowed down. After the main engine slowed down, they
freed the gear to disengage the engine before you do any repairs on the
engine. You free the gear. But because when you free the gear with number 8
fuel pump sticking, there would be an overrun at the low load.

…

… What happened is that number 8 fuel pump was sticking, and because it was
sticking in the fuel “on” position, so only the fuel pump of number 8
contributes to that overspeeding. When I go back to page 1388, as Mr Wee has
recommended, they mentioned that the main engine almost came to an overspeed
and, to me, that is possible because number 8, the engine load was low and she
was not taking the full force, The full force was not being removed suddenly,
in other words she was already at a very low speed.

So when you disengage, the crew did rightly by disengaging, but not realising
the fuel pump was defective. If the fuel pump is defective, it will cause [an]
overspeed.

…

And the comment is “almost came to an overspeed”. So my opinion is that the
safety trip device activated, so she went on overspeed above 525 but the
engine probably was stopped... my opinion.

39 As for Mr Wee’s testimony on the engine surge that brought on an overspeed,
he said: 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 25.

Q: Once there’s a disengagement the engine runs into overspeed?

A: Yes, because the engine when its trying to push an object at full load, you
use all your strength. Suddenly, the load is taken off, it will surge forward.
So the engine will surge forward and run overspeed definitely. That is basic.

40 Mr Wee’s explanation assumed that the rotational speed had at least
exceeded the rated speed of 525 rpm. As stated, there is no evidence of the
rotational speed at the material time.

41 I turn to the other “signs” of an overspeed. Although LWP accepted that
that there was no entry in the engine log that recorded an engine overspeed on
11 January 2011, his attempt to deduce an overspeed from the entry of an
“emergency stop” at 1245 hours was speculative. LWP rightly accepted that
besides overspeed, there could be other reasons that would necessitate an
emergency stop.

42 As for the locking nuts of the rocker arm mechanism that came loose, Mr Wee
pointed to that piece of evidence as a sign of overspeeding, and LWP’s
evidence is that it is uncommon for all eight units of rocker arm nuts to come
loose at the same time. Mr Thompson opined that the loosened nuts were more
likely to be due to inadequate tightening, as overspeed could not loosen a
secured nut. Loosened nuts were reportedly observed occasionally without
occurrence of overspeeding. Mr Thompson explained that if the loosening of
rocker gear tappet nuts had occurred on 11 January 2011, he would expect to
see or hear reports of abnormal noise and engine operating conditions during
the sea trial on 13 January 2011, and nothing similar was observed by those on
board. I find Mr Thompson’s explanation to be reasonable.

43 Given the matters set out in [28]–[42] above, I find no reliable evidence
that the engine was put to a speed that was continuously beyond the engine’s
design limit of 525 rpm before the emergency stop at 1245 hours on 11 January
2011, and I so hold.

44 For completeness, I will now comment on some of the competing views of the
experts on the nature and extent of damage to the crankshaft that is arguably
attributable to or associated with an engine overspeed.

45 I note Mr Thompson’s opinion that the vessel would not have been able to
operate in service for some 1,100 hours if an engine overspeed had occurred on
11 January 2011. Mr Thompson’s view is that an engine overspeed as claimed
would have brought about “immediate” and “disastrous” (and not “progressive”)
consequences. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 43.

The crankpin bearings would be the first to fail if there was an engine
overspeed. He said: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Transcript dated 2 September 2016, p 95.

A: … I have mentioned previously that from my experience, all those
overspeeding incidents that I have encountered, the crank pin bearings are the
ones that fail. And like I explained, it’s because of the high centrifugal
force. Because it’s an arm that is like drawing – or you can swing it, there
is this centrifugal force which is excessive. And also because of the cyclic
force, it goes from extreme high to extreme low.

When you have that sort of situations, the oil film is not stable, so that is
why you get the breakdown in the oil film and, with the centrifugal force
caused the crankpin failure.

46 Mr Thompson also highlighted that the connecting rods and crankpin bearings
of the engine did not appear to have suffered any significant damage after the
11 March 2011 breakdown. Both of them would be subject to the “biggest stress”
in the event of an increased downward force when the main engine’s rpm
increases and hence would be most likely to fail first in an overspeeding
situation. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PCS, para 99.

Mr Wee disagrees generally, arguing that it would only be in a “worst case
scenario” where the overspeed “bang the crankshaft and it stop, seize” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 45.

that the crankpin bearings would be the first to suffer damage or suffer more
significant damage. Mr Wee posits that, ordinarily, the undue stresses due to
the overspeed incident would affect the alignment. Ultimately, Mr Wee came
round to accepting that the overspeed incident was not serious since the
crankpin bearings and connection rods were not significantly damaged.

47 As reasonably pointed out by Mr Thompson, if overspeeding had indeed
occurred to the extent that it resulted in a bent crankshaft (with a maximum
run of 0.11mm, as analysed and reported in the Braemar Report), the damage
would have been immediate and disastrous (on or around 11 January 2011),
unlike in the present case where problems only arose more than two months
later. When a bent shaft is rotated, its forces on supports increase
exponentially as opposed to a straight shaft, hence the damage can be expected
to be immediate and disastrous. Mr Wee does not address the points made in
relation to a bent shaft.

48 Next, the fact that the vessel was not sailing at full speed, but at four
knots, was also not conclusive of an overspeed incident. As Mr Thompson stated
at trial, it only indicated that there was a problem with the engine, and at
that stage, the e-mails from the crew on 11 January 2011 raised various other
problems such as the blank out, fuel injectors and the knocking of the fuel
pump. Thus, sailing at a slow speed in and of itself does not go far in
establishing that an overspeeding condition was experienced.

49 As to the disagreement between Mr Wee and Mr Thompson on whether the damage
could be progressive over time or had to be immediate and disastrous, there is
force in Mr Thompson’s contention that “you can’t have a damage on the bearing
or a crankshaft [from an overspeeding incident] that could become worse
progressively for 1,100 hours, and then suddenly break down”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 43.

50 I do however recognise the plaintiffs’ complaint that Wartsila had not
until very late (only in these proceedings and not before when the parties
were giving inputs on the Braemar Report) clearly denied the overspeed
incident on 11 January 2011. However, this point does not bring the
plaintiffs’ case far. It is for the plaintiffs to establish the fact of an
overspeed incident. Far from establishing this fact, Mr Wee’s evidence at
trial reveals how tentative and speculative the plaintiffs’ position is. He
speaks of a “possibility of overspeed” 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 24

or that “it could be an overspeed incident” [emphasis added]. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Transcript dated 26 August 2016, p 25.

The documentary and contemporaneous evidence indicate that there was an
incident reported requiring Wartsila’s attendance on 13 January 2011, but the
nature and extent of the engine problem then was not certain. I am not
satisfied on the balance of probabilities that an overspeeding incident, as
alleged by the plaintiffs, had occurred on 11 January 2011.

Crankshaft misalignment

51 The plaintiffs submit that the alignment of the crankshaft was suspect
prior to the engine start up (“the crankshaft alignment argument”) and that
Wartsila had failed to reassess and take the necessary corrective actions to
reduce the stresses to the main bearings. The plaintiffs do not dispute that
they have to prove that the crankshaft was not properly aligned prior to the
engine start up. It is the plaintiffs’ contention that they have discharged
the burden of proof having relied primarily on Mr Wee’s interpretation of the
16 December laser alignment data and the 28 December crankshaft deflection
data as evidence of the fact that some of the main bearings were subject to
more stresses as compared to the other bearings. Specifically, in closing
submissions, the plaintiffs maintain that the following matters have been
proved: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

PCS, para 38.

a. The results of the laser alignment of the bearing pocket taken by
[Wartsila] on 16 December 2010 showed that stresses might be induced on main
bearings #4, #8 and #9. However, [Wartsila] failed to take any necessary
corrective actions.

b. The crankshaft deflection results taken by [Wartsila] on 28 December 2010
after the completion of the engine assembly, prior to sea trials being
conducted, showed that the alignment of main bearing #9 was in question and
ought to have been corrected. However, [Wartsila] failed to take any necessary
corrective actions.

52 Another complaint is that Wartsila did not carry out crankshaft deflections
after the sea trials and hence did not take corrective actions.

53 Given the plaintiffs’ arguments, it is convenient, at this juncture, to
recount some of the background facts touching on the repairs and sea trials
before examining the plaintiffs’ submissions. It is common ground that laser
alignment readings of the main bearing pockets were taken by Wartsila in the
course of the repairs. Amongst other readings, a laser reading was taken on 14
December 2010 with the main engine’s foundation bolts in loosened condition
and on 16 December 2010 with the main engine’s foundation bolts in tightened
condition (“the 16 December laser alignment data”). Apart from the laser
alignment readings of bearing pockets, crankshaft deflection measurements were
also taken to detect crankshaft misalignment. Wartsila carried out one such
crankshaft deflection measurement on 28 December 2010 after completing the
main engine assembly and refitting work (“the 28 December crankshaft
deflection data”). These data can be compared with the tolerance upper and
lower limits provided in the engine maker’s Operating Manual.

54 The first sea trial in relation to the 2010 repairs was conducted on 30 and
31 December 2010. Wartsila attended on board the vessel on 7 January 2011 but
the vessel was not put to sea for a sea trial on 7 January 2011. There was a
subsequent sea trial on 13 January 2011 as evidenced by service reports and
Wartsila’s sea trial report dated 14 January 2011.

55 On 7 January 2011, Wartsila’s SCK attended the vessel in Singapore at 0300
hours to test the running condition of the main engine. The main engine was
first tested without load on marine diesel oil. Wartsila assisted the vessel’s
crew to check the fuel pump timing and fine-tuned the fuel pump. At 0700 to
0800 hours, the engine was tested at slow speed and found satisfactory. SCK
then disembarked from the vessel. The vessel departed Singapore for Pasir
Gudang at 1500 hours. During the voyage, Raman contacted SCK to report a
problem with the governor. SCK and one Mr Martin (a governor specialist)
attended on board the vessel in Pasir Gudang at 1900 hours. At Pasir Gudang,
Wartsila found that most of the fuel pump racks were not at zero position, and
assisted the crew to adjust the fuel pump racks, test the engine “more than 4
times” and confirm that it was able to stop satisfactorily. Wartsila also
reported that the emergency stop button in the vessel’s engine control room
was not functioning. The vessel returned to Singapore after midnight.

56 On 13 January 2011, the main engine was running first on light marine
diesel oil for seven hours and then on heavy fuel oil for 1.7 hours from
standby-engine to finished-with-engine notification. At the sea trial on 13
January 2011, the engine was first tested to 450 rpm, and No 1 fuel pump was
fine-tuned and found satisfactory. The sea trial was then held at full speed,
with an overspeed trip set at 560–565 rpm. The overspeed trip device was
tested to be satisfactory. Operating and performance data of the main engine
at full speed was recorded. Crankcase temperatures were also checked during
the sea trial using a laser gun and these were found satisfactory. No
crankshaft deflection data was taken after the sea trial.

57 After the sea trials, Wartsila issued a “Main Engine Breakdown / Overspeed
Investigation Report” dated 14 January 2011. In this report, Wartsila reported
that the engine had been tested and was found satisfactory. Next, on 21
January 2011, Wartsila issued a Work Report describing and detailing the work
done by Wartsila for the 2010 repairs.

58 I return to the plaintiffs’ submissions set out in [51] above. The 16
December laser alignment data was a laser measurement of the main bearing
pockets to ascertain the bearing pocket elevation. It is not disputed that the
laser alignment data was obtained before the crankshaft was placed on the main
bearings. After the crankshaft was placed on the main bearings, a deflection
measurement to consider the alignment of the crankshaft was taken on 28
December 2010 using a different measurement tool. It is not disputed that once
the crankshaft is installed, it is not possible to take a laser alignment
measurement to verify the height of the main bearings.

59 Significantly, Mr Wee accepted in the witness box that the 16 December
laser alignment data and the 28 December crankshaft deflection data were
within the permitted limit in the Operation Manual. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 33.

Mr Wee’s main point is that even though the measurements were within the
permitted limit, there was concern as the elevation of main bearings No 4 and
No 8 was high and would be subject to higher stress as compared to the rest of
the main bearings. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 20.

To prove this concern, Mr Wee plotted two graphs using the measurements taken
on 16 December 2010 and 28 December 2010.

60 According to Mr Thompson, the 28 December crankshaft deflection was minus
0.06mm which was well within tolerance as it was below 50 percent of the
crankshaft defection upper limit of minus 0.15mm based on the Operating
Manual. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, pp 35 and 43.

Mr Wee plotted an alignment curve to analyse the 16 December laser alignment
data and a deflection curve to analyse the 28 December crankshaft deflection
data. Mr Wee argued that his graph of the crankshaft deflection curve showed
that the deflection was minus 0.105mm and not minus 0.06mm, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Wee Swee Kwee’s AEIC, exhibit “WSK-1”, p 38.

and it was a concern that the deflection of minus 0.105mm was close to the
maximum upper limit of minus 0.15mm. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 37.

Mr Wee’s point is that Mr Thompson’s minus 0.06mm was the raw crankshaft
deflection data taken on 28 December 2010 whereas he had analysed the raw
crankshaft deflection data by plotting a graph to show the crankshaft
defection curve to ascertain whether or not the deflection was within the
maker’s permitted limit and if so, its range benchmarked against the permitted
limit. Mr Thompson opined that a comparison of the raw data taken on 28
December 2010 with the permitted limit in the manual was all that was
required. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 41.

He disagrees with Mr Wee’s method which he opined was nothing more than an
estimation. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, pp 25, 27, 29, 41–42, 44.

There was nothing to Mr Wee’s concern which was misplaced.

61 The first disagreement between the experts was whether the respective
curves needed to be plotted at all or whether it was sufficient to compare the
data with the limits in the Operating Manual. Mr Wee gave evidence that
graphical depiction was basic, standard textbook practice that is industry-
recognised. Mr Thompson disputes this, pointing to the fact that the Operating
Manual does not specify the need to plot such curves. Mr Thompson also points
to the fact that exhibit “P6”, an article by the International Institute of
Marine Surveying which the plaintiffs rely on simply makes the point that a
curve as a “graphical representation of data is more appealing and easily
understood than a list of numbers”. The second disagreement here lies with how
Mr Wee adjusted the raw data collected to supposedly account for the hog and
sag effect on the vessel, before the profile of the main bearing positions or
bearing pocket positions could be compared relative to the ship’s hull.

62 In the witness box, Mr Thompson introduced his graphical depiction of the
crankshaft deflection curve (marked as “D2”) which he used to compare with Mr
Wee’s graph: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 13.

A: Just for your information, your Honour, the crankshaft deflection was taken
and compared with the maker’s manual and found to be in good range.

To plot the graph for page 38 it is a method used by Mr Wee to plot the graph
to show the profile of the bearing. You use the crankshaft deflection as a
reference, because crankshaft deflection is proportional to bearing height, so
you see that graphical method of doing it. But you use intermediate crankshaft
deflection figures to plot section by section. In other words, you just use
the crankshaft deflection data to get… it’s a proportional means of plotting.
It’s not a direct figure like what we did on D2. It’s just proportional.

So this figure gives you a profile of the bearing elevation, but it does not
give you the data, what is the height and things like that, like they show on
D2. D2 gives you the precise height of the bearing, whereas the graph on page
38 just gives you a profile without the actual value of the height, the
elevation.

When I compared the figure D2 and p38, they [ie the profiles] look similar.
One is actual values and the other one is based on the crankshaft deflection
proportion values, proportional value, so they look quite similar.

63 Mr Thompson continues: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 15.

Q: Mr Thompson, just to clarify, you said that D2 and page 38, the graphs are
very similar.

A: They are similar.

Q: Does it mean that you [agree] that, if you look at page 38, the stresses as
shown in the defection curve would be in numbers 4, 5, and 8?

A: No, it’s a very marginal… all bearings are not perfect, so the figures, if
you look from 0, from number 1 to number 9, the values are… if you could refer
to D2, your Honour, from number 1 to number 9, the values are fairly close to
perfect. In other words, you can’t get perfect in an engine condition. You try
to get as close as possible, that’s why engine makers, they have tolerance.

Q: So what you’re saying is it’s within acceptable limits.

A: Correct, your Honour.

Q: Although it’s not straight or it’s not perfect, but the variations that you
see at page 38 and D2, they are within acceptable limits?

A: Correct, your Honour.

64 As regards Mr Wee’s alignment curve at page 37 of his expert report, Mr
Thompson’s comments are as follows: 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 14.

A: Graph 37, your Honour, was plotted in a similar manner with graph 38. When
it is plotted in a similar manner, that’s according to Mr Wee, of course, the
graph will be a different profile, which in my opinion is not correct, you
should see the true value to plot to get the correct profile, your Honour.

Q: Are you saying that the raw data is not the true value?

A: No, the raw data is the true value, your Honour.

Q: So Mr Wee used those raw data, am I right?

A: Correct.

Q: How is it they are not true values?

A: Mr Wee used the corresponding data to obtain value. I will give you an
example, your Honour. It’s a very simple example here. If we look at graph
page 37, if we look at the value 5 of the highlighted, it shows minus 0.03. If
we look at the next column, it show 0.00. But in the curve on the graph, your
Honour, it shows that both number 5 and 6 have the same level. So to me, it
doesn’t make sense.

Q: Inaccurate, in other words?

A: It’s not inaccurate. The concept is wrong, it’s how it’s plotted…

65 Mr Wee explained how he came up with the way he plotted the graph at page
37 of his expert report. He took into account hogging and sagging of the ship:
52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 16.

A: … The laser alignment is also taking the profile of the main bearing or the
bearing pocket positions. So for a ship, it lies flat as it is on the land,
it’s subjected to hogging and sagging due to the load, ballast or whatever. So
the hull form is not straight, it has hog and sag. So the bearings position
will hog and sag as well.

…

… So the laser alignment that we do we have to analyse it with respect to the
hogging and sagging, and not straight flatness, because the vessel is subject
to hogging and sagging.

66 Mr Thompson’s simple response is that no adjustment (for whatever reason)
was required because if there was an alignment problem, it would have exceeded
the maker’s limit: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 45.

Q: In other words, as long as the raw data shows that the figures are within
the limits in the manual, you don’t have to do a deflection curve.

A: Correct….

…In the manual it specifically says that as long as it is within that minus
0.15, no adjustment is required. It specifically states, by the makers, and
they are the ones who actually dictate what has to be done. They are the
makers.

67 I make two points at this juncture. First, Mr Wee made clear in the witness
box that he did not say that the crankshaft’s alignment was not within the
maker’s permitted limit. This acknowledgment is significant for it militates
against the plaintiffs’ basic contention and submissions that the crankshaft
was not aligned properly prior to the engine start up. A crankshaft deflection
of minus 0.105mm was still within the maker’s permitted limit regardless of
the fact that minus 0.105mm is closer to the maximum upper limit of minus
0.15mm. Second, and this follows from the first point, the question of
causation and the burden of proof on the issue of causation is on the
plaintiffs who must establish that the crankshaft alignment was out of
tolerance on 19 March 2011. That no crankshaft deflection measurements were
carried out after the sea trials on 31 December 2010 and on 13 January 2011
went to the issue of breach of contract, if any, and not to the issue of
causation which still has to be established. Assuming, for the sake of
argument, that there was a breach, it is for the plaintiffs to establish the
causal link between the breach and the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011. That
the condition of the crankshaft alignment was not documented after 28 December
2010 may be a consequence of a breach, but it is not proof of causation.
Sections 103 to 106 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) are apposite.

68 Furthermore, the plaintiffs’ damage analysis did not clearly point to
alignment issues as a cause. Their damage analysis hinges on inferring that
there were pre-existing alignment issues, overloading, and ultimately a
breakdown of hydrodynamic lubrication. Main bearings No 4 and No 8 were the
most heavily damaged. If engine failure was due to misalignment, the bearing
with the highest load (No 9 main bearing) would have failed, and not No 4 and
No 8 main bearings which were separately located. I pause here to refer to Mr
Wee’s off-the-cuff remark that No 4 and No 8 main bearings were not completely
unrelated in that the main engine was an eight-cylinder unit and that the
crank throw of the unit was 90 degrees such that No 4 and No 8 would fall in
the same cylinder. This remark is new; it was not in his written testimony nor
was this point raised in any of the technical reports disclosed in this
action. Mr Thompson was not ready to deal with this new point. Be that as it
may, Mr Thompson points out that the offsets of bearings No 4 and No 8 were
marginal (0.03mm and 0.02mm respectively) and similar to the main bearings
that did not fail, and that No 9 bearing did not fail although it had a higher
offset of 0.06mm. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 15.

It is not surprising that Mr Thompson pressed Mr Wee for the basis of his view
that overloading of No 4 and No 8 main bearings caused them to fail and his
theory of breakdown of hydrodynamic lubrication: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, pp 107–108.

Mr Thompson: So your Honour, Mr Wee has mentioned something like five
contributing factors for the failure of number 4 and number 8 main bearings.
That’s correct?

Mr Wee: No. I would say the main failure of the crankshaft, in my opinion, is
the breakdown of lubrication. And the overloading.

….

Mr Thompson: I know, but from what?

Mr Wee: From the various factors, overloading, the alignment is not sure…

…

Mr Wee: There are various factors involving, so it’s a breakdown of
lubrication, but this breakdown of lubrication, that means they might have
already some alignment issue where no one checked, after the sea trial. There
might be some overloading of the engine whereby the engine as you can see from
the data, there is some uneven loading. There might be a cause of concern by
these overspeed incident whereby the engine is subjected to a lot of stress.
So it ultimately lead to the alignment of crankshaft, I would suspect, being
compromised somehow, but no one take note of that really go and check it and
progressively it starts to fail.

69 Mr Wee’s earlier reply echoes the problem of proving causation in the
plaintiffs’ case: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 87.

…a lot of various factors that affect the alignment and also a lot of various
factor that affect the lubrications, so there is no data to show the
lubrication is okay, no data to show the bearing temperature is okay, no data
to show the alignment is okay. How can I say the engine is totally okay?

70 Mr Wee’s evidence and admission that he “can’t say whether… the alignment
is already not compromised or not. It could have been compromised already” 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript dated 25 August 2016, p 84.

[emphasis added] is speculative. His earlier testimony is that the crankshaft
alignment was within the tolerance set in the Operating Manual and it is for
the plaintiffs to prove that the crankshaft alignment had fallen outside of
the permitted tolerance because of Wartsila’s failure to exercise reasonable
skill and care in and about the 2010 repairs.

71 Ultimately, the 16 December laser alignment data and the 28 December
crankshaft deflection data were within the engine maker’s range of tolerance
limits. I accept Wartsila’s contentions regarding the plaintiffs’ reliance on
P6, which discusses a recommended method for plotting deflection curves and is
a piece of literature that is specific for large engines where shimming to
adjust bearing height is possible, unlike in the present case where shimming
cannot be conducted as the vessel’s engine has a fixed bed plate. As for
hogging and sagging effects, I accept as plausible Mr Thompson’s evidence that
the effect of any hog and sag would have been taken into account by the makers
when deriving the tolerance limits set in the Operating Manual.

72 To conclude on this section, I do not find on the state of the evidence
that the pattern of the damage points to crankshaft misalignment as the cause
of the crankshaft failure. I also do not accept the plaintiffs’ submissions
set out in [51] above for the reasons stated.

Lubrication oil starvation

73 The Braemar Report ruled out lubrication oil starvation as a possible
contributing cause of the crankshaft failure, instead preferring lubrication
oil contamination as a contributing factor. In the witness box, Mr Wee made it
clear that he considered the main cause of the crankshaft failure to be due to
the breakdown of lubrication (see [68] above). Mr Thompson noted that the
engine’s performance was satisfactory before it stalled on 18 March 2011. I
find this statement somewhat curious when LWP’s SAEIC talked about the engine
problems that were reported to him after the 2010 repairs. In particular, at
para 24(e), LWP alluded to an unusually high lubrication oil consumption that
was observed in the month of March. Details of this increase were recorded in
the Braemar’s Report as follows: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 335.

7\. Approximately 3 days before the man engine first showed signs of problem,
there was a noticeable increase in lubricating oil consumption of around 150
litres per day compared to the normal consumption of 30 litres per day. The
abnormal increase indicated loss of oil due to either leakage, incorrect or
poor operation condition.

74 The first sign of problem alluded to by the Braemar Report was the engine
shut down on 18 March 2011. Factually, there was an abnormal increase in the
consumption of lubrication oil – lubrication oil consumption was five times
that of daily levels over the three days immediately preceding 18 March 2011.
There was also no indication that the Chief Engineer had looked into the cause
of this abnormality which as a matter of common sense was a clear sign that
something was amiss. It was posited that had the crew investigated or detected
the cause of the main engine stoppage on 18 March 2011, the damage could have
been detected earlier and minimal repair would have been required. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Thompson’s AEIC, p 568.

This reasoning ought logically to apply here as well. The experts have neither
commented on the abnormal increase in the consumption of lubrication oil over
three days before the engine shut down on 18 March nor commented on the
consequence and significance of this abnormality, if any. What the facts do,
however, suggest is that something was wrong for three days and hence ought to
have been a cause of concern to those on board the vessel and the need to
troubleshoot at the material time. The Second Engineer, Bambang, did not
testify on the increase in the daily consumption of lubrication oil. On any
view – whether the increase in consumption was due to the condition of the
pistons, lubrication oil leakage, maintenance or operational reasons – the
crew’s reaction to and handling of this abnormal consumption of lubrication
oil, if any, must be explained away without which it would be unwise to accept
from an evidential perspective either Mr Wee’s theory of lubrication oil
starvation based on his “building blocks” or Mr Thompson’s theory that the
broken material from the LSBF caused the main engine to become partially
seized on 18 March 2011.

Lubrication oil contamination from the LSBF

75 This leads me to Mr Thompson’s theory that broken filter elements from the
LSBF (which is the final stage filter screen that the lubrication oil passes
through before entering the main engine) would have directly gained entry with
the lubrication oil (there being no more filter between a defective LSBF and
the engine) into the engine’s main bearings and hence caused damage to the
engine bearings and crankshaft. The Braemar Report noted that the “possibility
of the missing materials [from the LSBF] finding its way between the main
journal and bearing metal and causing the damage could not be dismissed”
[emphasis added]. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 336.

Mr Thompson’s theory of partial engine seizure on 18 March 2011 is the start
of the argument pertaining to lubrication oil contamination as a result of
broken filter elements from the LSBF.

76 In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs adopted the lubrication oil
contamination argument which was cited in the Braemar Report as one of the
contributing cause of the engine breakdown. Notably, the plaintiffs’ latest
position in closing submissions must be their fall-back position for Mr Wee’s
theory throughout was that lubrication oil starvation was the main cause of
the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011, and lubrication oil starvation is in
direct opposition to the theory of lubrication oil contamination from the
broken filter wire mesh. Earlier, the plaintiffs had refuted Mr Thompson’s
theory of partial seizure and argued that if as Mr Thompson theorised, filter
wire mesh from the LSBF went into the engine, any metal-to-metal contact would
give rise to an immediate seizure and it would not be possible to restart the
engine or sail away.

77 I should mention that Mr Wee did address the broken filter wire mesh from
the LSBF as a potential cause in his Supplementary Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief (“SAEIC”) dated 23 June 2016 and did in fact note that debris from the
LSBF could, after entering the system, impede the supply of lubricating oil to
bearing components and eventually result in progressive failure of the running
components. Mr Wee discussed lubrication oil contamination by reason of broken
filter elements from the LSBF as a possible cause of the eventual damage to
the vessel on 19 March 2011 and not 18 March 2011. Be that as it may, Mr Wee’s
conclusion in his SAEIC did not list lubrication oil contamination due to the
broken elements of the LSBF as an alleged cause.

78 The plaintiffs pleaded in their Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) that
Wartsila failed to remove the LSBF after completion of the flushing of the
lubricating oil system during the commissioning stage in the particulars
relating to Wartsila’s failure to carry out the 2010 repairs with reasonable
care and skill. In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs submit that
Wartsila ought to have removed and/or caused to be removed the LSBF, as
lubrication oil contamination as a result of broken filter elements from the
LSBF was a possible cause of the eventual damage to the vessel on 19 March
2011. Owing to the failure of Wartsila to do so after the completion of the
flushing of the lubrication oil system during the commissioning stage, the
LSBF was left in the engine and the broken elements from the LSBF eventually
caused the damage on 19 March 2011. The theory is that the torn elements from
the LSBF could have caused damage to the bearing surface and clogging of the
oil passage to the affected bearings, thereby reducing hydrodynamic
lubrication effectiveness.

79 According to the Operating Manual, the LSBF is meant for the first run of
the engine and should be removed after two hours operation of the first run,
without a need to re-fit it thereafter. It was found and reported in the
Braemar Report that the lubrication system’s LSBF was variously torn with mesh
material missing. The LSBF is located at the end of the elbow or right-angle
joint of a yellow pipe in the main engine room, left of the first flange,
within the piping of the lubrication oil system just before entry to the main
engine.

80 The plaintiffs in their closing submissions asked the court to give due
weight to the Braemar Report on lubrication oil contamination: 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

PCS, para 203.

According to the Braemar Report, one of the possible causes of the damage on
or about 19 March 2011 was “lubricating oil starvation or contamination”. In
Braemar’s view, the lubricating oil contamination could lead to hydrodynamic
lubrication becoming less effective. This is in line with Mr Wee’s theory that
torn elements from the LSBF could have caused damage to the bearing surface
and clogging of the oil passage to the affected bearings, thereby reducing
hydrodynamic lubrication effectiveness.

81 The plaintiffs’ reliance on the Braemar Report on this point is confusing:
it indicated the mere “possibility” of the LSBF causing the damage on 19 March
2011 and the Braemar Report’s conclusion regarding the LSBF was tentative and
not more conclusive.

82 Mr Wee’s theory that “torn elements from the LSBF could have caused damage
to the bearing surface and clogging of the oil passage to the affected
bearings”, and thereby only “reducing hydrodynamic lubrication effectiveness”
does not seem tenable given Mr Wee’s opinion that a seizure caused by the
broken filter elements entering the engine would have been instantaneous; the
vessel would not have experienced what Mr Thompson described as a partial
seizure and that it was not possible for the vessel to sail to Port Klang
before the breakdown on 19 March 2011. To resolve this, Mr Wee opined that the
contamination was on 19 March 2011 with no explanation for the engine shut
down on 18 March 2011. To recap, Mr Thompson’s theory is that the broken
filter elements entered the engine on 18 March 2011, and that caused the
partial seizure.

83 As part of the plaintiffs’ case regarding the LSBF, the plaintiffs also
submitted that: (a) Wartsila was responsible for the flushing operations of
the vessel at the material time as it was contracted to do so under the 2010
Quotation; (b) as a responsible repairer, Wartsila ought to be familiar with
the Operating Manual and with the lubricating system, including the purpose
and usage of the LSBF; and (c) Wartsila ought to be aware and hence ensure
that removed from the engine system after the completion of the flushing of
the lubricating oil system during the commissioning stage. These issues are
however separate from the question of causation.

84 Returning to the factual cause relating to the LSBF, there is a factual
dispute over whether the crew had opened up the engine and cleaned the
filters, including the LSBF, in the lubrication oil system after the 19 March
2011 incident and before Wartsila arrived on 23 March 2011 to inspect the
vessel. This factual dispute has an impact on the availability of evidence to
corroborate the theory of lubrication oil contamination. To the extent that
this factual dispute has an impact on whether the crew were “responsible” for
the filters as a matter of practice, this issue is irrelevant to the question
of causation.

85 Accepting for a moment SCK’s evidence that he had seen the Chief Engineer
open the LSBF during or after the flushing of the lubricating oil system and
later reinstalling it (a fact which the plaintiffs accept and rely on in their
closing submissions), both the crew and Wartsila had notice of the LSBF and
were aware of the presence of the LSBF at that point. LWP’s argument during
cross-examination that none of the crew knew of the existence of the LSBF and
assumed that it should not be there in the first place (and hence reading the
Operating Manual about its removal did not necessitate the crew to check the
presence of the LSBF) can equally apply to Wartsila’s personnel. LWP’s point
is that to “all of us, it doesn’t exist. Why do we want to check something
which doesn’t exist? None of the engineers knew about these filters.” 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript dated 16 August 2016, p 77.

Arguing that the crew would not have even bothered about the LSBF as they
would just assume it was not there is untenable. Both Wartsila and the crew
ought to have known about the LSBF and the relevant comments on it in the
Operating Manual. Besides, the Operating Manual states the lubrication oil
pump should be dismantled for every 5000 operating hours for maintenance and
details the procedure for the disassembly, cleaning and assembly of the
lubrication oil pump components. It also recommends that the lubricating oil
filters be cleaned every 100 hours.

Probable cause not established

86 For the reasons set out at some length above (assuming but without deciding
specifically on breach of contract or duty of care), the plaintiffs’ claim in
Suit 521 lacks proof of causation which has not been established and hence
fails. The Court of Appeal’s remarks in Clarke Beryl Claire v SilkAir
(Singapore) Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1136 at [58] are apposite in the present
case:

At various junctures, the appellants seemed to have forgotten that their task
was to prove their own case on a balance of probabilities, not to show that
their explanations were more probable than the respondent’s.

87 The causation inquiry here is not whether the plaintiffs’ theory was more
probable than Mr Thompson’s, but whether their theory was more likely than not
on the balance of probabilities. Where the cause of a past event is in issue
and two or more competing causes are advanced, the burden of proving his case
on causation remains on the claimant throughout, and though the defendant can
advance a competing cause, there is no obligation on the defendant to prove
his case (see Rhesa Shipping Company SA v Edmunds (The Popi M) [1985] 1 WLR
948 (“Popi M”) at 951C).

88 In the present case, the plaintiffs and their expert witness, Mr Wee,
repeatedly point out that the factual causes are “possible”, but as Lai Siu
Chiu J (as she then was) aptly pointed out in Surender Singh s/o Jagdish Singh
and another (administrators of the estate of Narindar Kaur d/o Sarwan Singh,
deceased) v Li Man Kay and others [2010] 1 SLR 428 (at [121]), the court
“deliberates on probabilities and not possibilities”. What Lai J had in mind
is this: sufficient evidence must be adduced to enable the court to engage in
an informed analysis of the possible causes of the loss and to reach a
reasoned conclusion as to the probable cause(s) on the balance of
probabilities.

89 Eliminating possibilities one by one from the crankshaft’s alignment to the
overspeed incident on 11 January 2011 does not mean that the remaining factual
causes such as the theory of lubrication oil contamination from broken
elements of the LSBF, however improbable, ends up being the probable cause of
the 19 March 2011 breakdown. This line of reasoning is premised on a process
of elimination that would fall foul of the ruling by Lord Brandon in Popi M
when the enquiry to be addressed is whether a particular cause or set of
causes is more probable than not, all things considered.

90 Until questioned by the court, Mr Wee’s theory of lubrication oil
starvation was linked to existing alignment problems, the purportedly
unbalanced condition of the engine and the overspeed incident. This was his
“progressive” theory. If so, a finding that one of the inter-linked factors
was not present would invalidate Mr Wee’s progressive theory. After he was
questioned by the court, Mr Wee said that just one factor would do – that is
to say, one of the four building blocks or indicators that give rise to his
theory of the lubrication oil starvation would suffice. His four building
blocks were: (a) crankshaft misalignment causing stress, and (b) overloading
of the affected bearings, and then (c) further stress from over speeding, and
finally (d) some one-sided metal wiping. They need not all exist to establish
his theory of lubrication oil starvation. Nonetheless, as discussed above, I
am not convinced that the plaintiffs have met the standard of proof on the
balance of probabilities for each of the factual causes individually. The
inability to establish the cause of the engine breakdown equally presents the
same challenges in proving breach of contract and/or duty to exercise
reasonable skill and care in carrying out the 2010 repairs, and I so hold.

91 Having set out at some length in this judgment on proof of causation, the
conclusion is that the plaintiffs’ claim lacks proof of causation. The other
issues in [5] above are not strictly essential given the conclusion reached in
this judgment, but they were fully argued and I shall state, generally, my
views upon them.

Aga-Intra’s entitlement to sue in contract

92 There is no dispute that LWP handled the contractual negotiations on behalf
of Geniki Shipping in the transactions that formed the subject matter of the
present dispute. On 18 November 2010, Wartsila’s Sales Engineer, e-mailed LWP
with Wartsila’s field service rates, attaching in the e-mail two Portable
Document Format (“PDF”) documents: the first being a one-page document, titled
“Field Service Rates 2010”, indicating Wartsila’s hourly service charges,
working hours, surcharges and other chargeable expenses and stating at the
bottom of the page that “[Wartsila’s] services are rendered according to the
general terms and conditions of Wartsila”; 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

3AB 624.

and the second being a two-page document titled “Wartsila General Terms and
Conditions Service Work (2008)”. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

3AB 622–623.

In the series of e-mails that followed, LWP asked about Wartsila’s wharf
availability on 21 November 2010. After Wartsila replied, LWP proceeded to
provide Wartsila with the vessel’s specifications, and attached an “initial
job scope for the vessel’s crankshaft renewal” (“the Main Engine Job Scope”),
asking Wartsila to furnish a quotation “ASAP” on 22 November 2010. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

3AB 625.

The Main Engine Job Scope contained several detailed sub-items categorised
under the main work items.

93 After Wartsila sent an initial quotation on 23 November 2010, there was
another series of e-mails between the parties concerning a few corrections to
the quotation and a discussion on payment terms, culminating in the final
agreed quotation sent on 26 November 2010 with reference number WMY10112201R2
(ie, the 2010 Quotation). The 2010 Quotation was addressed to Geniki Shipping
and purportedly accepted by Geniki Shipping who was also identified in
Wartsila’s invoices as the customer.

94 Aga-Intra claims to be entitled to sue Wartsila in contract as an
undisclosed principal. The contract here is the repair agreement concluded on
or about the end of November 2010 for the 2010 repairs (“the Repair
Contract”). As an undisclosed principal, Aga-Intra may step in and sue on the
Repair Contract even though it is a non-party. In the context of a contract
entered into for an undisclosed principal, the principle is that the agent may
also sue and be sued on the same contract.

95 The doctrine of the undisclosed principal is well-accepted under Singapore
law. In Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as
Boon Lock Duck and Noodle House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 (“Family Food Court”) at
[29], the Court of Appeal set out the following:

The doctrine of the undisclosed principal

29 The doctrine of the undisclosed principal is described by M P Furmston in
Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract (Oxford University Press, 15th
Ed, 2007) (“Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston”), as follows (at pp 575–576):

[I]f A has made a contract with B, C may intervene and take A’s place if he
can show that A was acting throughout as his agent, and it is irrelevant that
B entered into the contract in ignorance of this fact.

This intervention by C, the undisclosed principal, has been heavily criticised
as it offends against many contractual principles, including (most notably)
the principle of privity of contract. Yet, the undisclosed principal has
become a familiar (and, more importantly, an established) concept in the law
of agency. It is now well accepted as a general principle that the undisclosed
principal can sue and be sued on a contract made by its agent, although it is
not a party to the contract This unique state of affairs with regard to the
doctrine of the undisclosed principal is well summarised by F M B Reynolds,
Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2006) (“Bowstead
and Reynolds”) at para 8-071 as follows:

The proposition that such a principal, someone of whose existence or
connection with the transaction the third party was totally unaware, can in
appropriate circumstances sue and be sued on a contract made by his agent may
be surprising, but is well established. … Such a conclusion is certainly
difficult to accommodate within standard theories of contract, which
emphasise, even though under objective criteria, the consent of the parties. …
It is difficult to deny that the undisclosed principal is really a third party
intervening on a contract which he did not make …

If it [ie, the doctrine of the undisclosed principal] were treated as an
exception to the rules [on] privity of contract, the doctrine would still be
unusual, since the third party is not mentioned, nor indeed contemplated by
one of the parties, and furthermore takes liabilities as well as rights. … The
doctrine is probably best explained simply as one of commercial convenience,
and its justice is disputable.

Essentially, the doctrine comes into play “[w]here an agent, having authority
to contract on behalf of another, makes the contract in his own name,
concealing the fact that he is a mere representative” (see Cheshire, Fifoot
and Furmston at p 621).

[emphasis in bold]

96 The plaintiffs submit that Geniki Shipping was Aga-Intra’s agent with
authority to contract on its behalf. Geniki Shipping was appointed as agent
pursuant to an oral agreement concluded in or around 2003 between LYC on
behalf of Aga-Intra and LWP on behalf of Geniki Shipping whereby Aga-Intra
appointed Geniki Shipping as its shipping agent for the management of the
affairs of the vessel in Singapore. Wartsila raises three difficulties. The
first is a complaint that the plaintiffs had been flip-flopping on how that
purported agency relationship was entered into. Initially, they had relied on
a written agency agreement dated 31 January 2004 as evidence of written
authorisation given by Aga-Intra to Geniki Shipping. They had then pivoted
their position by claiming to solely rely on the 2003 oral agreement.
Secondly, Wartsila points to a legal opinion from Geniki Shipping’s previous
solicitors advising that the Repair Contract was entered into by Geniki
Shipping and that Aga-Intra had no basis to sue in contract – hence, they came
up with the idea of a Deed of Assignment. Wartsila submits that this position
adopted earlier is inconsistent with the agency relationship that is now
alleged to be established in 2003. Thirdly, Wartsila points out that the oral
agreement was in 2003 which was several years earlier and before the vessel
was acquired.

97 The plaintiffs’ account seems to be corroborated by LYC and LWP and the
surrounding circumstances. At the time the 2003 oral agreement was entered
into, the plaintiffs were related companies as they were both subsidiaries of
a parent company known as Geniki Holdings Sdn Bhd. Further, the plaintiffs
shared a common director, LYC. I agree with the plaintiffs that it would not
be unusual for arrangements between related companies to be put in place
without formal documentation. In addition, the first and third tranches of
payment for the 2010 repairs were paid by Aga-Intra. In light of the aforesaid
matters, I did not find Wartsila’s arguments convincing. In my view, nothing
should turn on the legal opinion given by Geniki Shipping’s former solicitors
or the fact that a Deed of Assignment (that was seemingly inconsistent) was
executed. The legal opinion would explain the rationale behind the creation of
the Deed of Assignment, but it should not prevent this court from upholding
the existence of the oral agreement in 2003. Finally, LWP testified that the
oral agreement in 2003 was intended to and did apply to vessels owned by Aga-
Intra subsequently. This seems to be a plausible arrangement – I therefore
accept that Geniki Shipping had entered into the Repair Contract on behalf of
Aga-Intra as agent for an undisclosed principal. Accordingly, Aga-Intra has
standing to sue under the Repair Contract.

98 As an aside, one further observation is made. The case was argued on the
footing of an undisclosed principal and no distinction was made between an
undisclosed principal and an unidentified principal. The difference lies in
how the third party is unaware of the existence of the undisclosed principal
but where the principal is merely unidentified, the third party deals with the
agent with the knowledge that the agent is acting for a principal whose
identity is not revealed. The distinction is relevant in the context of
proving the creation of an undisclosed agency relationship. In Magellan Spirit
ApS v Vitol SA “Magellan Spirit” [2016] EWHC 454 (Comm) (“Magellan Spirit”),
Justice Leggatt was faced with the question of whether the creation of an
undisclosed agency relationship could be formed based on the subjective state
of the mind of the supposed agent at the time of contracting, instead of the
objective words and conduct between principal and agent. In deciding that it
was the objective analysis that applied, he treated cases involving
unidentified rather than undisclosed principals as distinguishable (see
Magellan Spirit at [18]-[20]).

99 In addition, the right categorisation of the agency relationship may have
implications, particularly when the agent’s authority is sought to be
established via apparent authority (which is applicable to unidentified but
not undisclosed principals) instead of actual authority (Andrew Phang Boon
Leong, The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law
of Contract in Singapore”) at para 15.043).

100 It is important to bear this distinction in mind as agency arrangements
are not uncommon in the shipping industry. Typically, shipping agents contract
with third party service providers who quite often try to look to the vessel’s
registered owner for payment when there is default.

101 I now turn to a related issue. For the sake of argument, if the doctrine
of the undisclosed principal is not applicable in this case, the question that
arises is whether Geniki Shipping who is not the registered owner of the
vessel is allowed to claim substantial damages that are normally claimable by
the registered owner. While the general rule is that a plaintiff is only
entitled to recover compensatory damages on account of a breach of contract
for actual loss suffered, the “broad ground” exception is premised on the
protection of the promisee’s performance or expectation interest instead. In
this context, it seems open to Geniki Shipping to claim damages for the
defective performance of repair services pursuant to the Repair Contract. It
would be useful to set out the observations of the Court of Appeal in Family
Food Court at [52], citing its previous decision in Chia Kok Leong v
Prosperland Pte Ltd [2005] 2 SLR(R) 484:

52 Further, notwithstanding that the application of the broad ground to the
facts of Prosperland (CA) did not, strictly speaking, form part of the ratio
decidendi of that case, it is noteworthy that Chao JA reaffirmed the
performance interest approach to contractual damages as the foundation of the
broad ground, as follows (id at [53]):

[T]he basis on which a plaintiff is entitled to claim for substantial damages
under the broad ground is that he did not receive what he had bargained and
paid for. It has nothing to do with the ownership of the thing or property. As
to the value of this performance interest, it seems to us that the observation
of Lord Scarman in Woodar Investment Development Ltd v Wimpey Construction UK
Ltd [1980] 1WLR 277, that the fact that a contracting party has required
services to be supplied at his own cost to a third party is at least prima
facie evidence of the value of those services to the party who placed the
order, is a useful pointer.

Hence, unlike the narrow ground, the broad ground is not concerned with
filling up any legal black hole (see Prosperland (CA) at [55]):

[T]he main ground upon which the appellants sought to argue that Prosperland
could not claim for substantial damages was that, as the MCST was entitled to
sue the appellants in tort, there was no legal black hole. It was also pointed
out that if Prosperland were to be allowed to claim for substantial damages,
it would expose the appellants to double liability. In our opinion, these
arguments miss the fundamental premise upon which the broad ground is based.
It has nothing to do with the “filling up” of a legal black hole. We can do no
better than quote the following passage of Steyn LJ (as he then was) in
Darlington … (1994) 69 BLR 1 at 24:

The rationale of Lord Griffiths’ wider principle is essentially that if a
party engages a builder to perform specified work, and the builder fails to
render the contractual service the employer suffers a loss. He suffers a loss
of bargain or of expectation interest. And that loss can be recovered on the
basis of what it would cost to put right the defects.

[emphasis added]

The fact that the broad ground is grounded in protection of the
plaintiff/promisee’s performance interest would mean that it applies only in
the context of a breach of contract, just like the narrow ground (see [47]
above), the key difference being (as mentioned at [31] above) that, under the
broad ground, the plaintiff/promisee is recovering substantial damages for its
own loss, and not on behalf of the third party. Thus, in Prosperland (HC),
although Prosperland’s action against the Defendants was founded in contract
and/or negligence (id at [4]; see also [44] above), it is clear from a reading
of both the judgment of Prakash J and the judgment of this court (in
Prosperland (CA)) that the passages therein relating to the two exceptions
dealt only with the breach of contract by the Defendants.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

102 It is implicitly acknowledged in [31] of Family Food Court that the agent
can claim substantial damages for losses that it suffered. If the agent claims
for damages suffered by the undisclosed principal under the broad ground
approach, any damages recovered would have to be handed over to the
undisclosed principal. This is understandable as the courts would not allow
double recovery for the same loss (see Family Food Court at [61]). That said,
I accept that the scope of the “broad ground” exception and its relationship
with the “narrow ground” exception remains in a state of flux (see generally
JES International Holdings Ltd v Yang Shushan [2016] 3 SLR 193 at [200]). I
therefore leave this point as such. It can be more definitively adjudicated
upon on a separate occasion.

103 For completeness, I will now comment on the Deed of Assignment. All I need
to say is that the matter of the Deed of Assignment has become moot in light
of the agency point discussed above. Not only is Aga-Intra entitled to sue in
its own right, Geniki Shipping as Aga-Intra’s agent could sue on the contract
and recover Aga- Intra’s losses (see Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency (Sweet &
Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2014), at para 08-069). Besides, as explained (at [99] –
[102] above) Geniki Shipping could claim damages for the defective performance
of repair services pursuant to the Repair Contract. In the circumstances, the
Deed of Assignment would serve no real purpose. I do not propose to comment on
Wartsila’s arguments on the validity of the assignment.

Applicable standard terms and conditions

104 The next issue relates to the terms of the Repair Contract. The focus is
on “Wartsila General Terms and Conditions Service Work (2008)”. I will
hereafter refer to this set of printed standard terms and conditions as “the
2008 GTC”. The dispute is whether the 2008 GTC formed part of the Repair
Contract. This threshold question will determine whether there are standard
clauses in the Repair Contract that purports to exclude or limit the liability
of Wartsila for all or part of the claim. Wartsila wishes to rely on cl 6.1
which provides, in capital letters, that the contractor’s liability would
exclude indirect, contingent, special, consequential, or incidental losses.
There is also cl 6.2 which indicates that the contractor’s aggregate liability
under the contract shall not exceed 30% of the contract price. It will be
helpful to set out cl 6 on contractor’s liability: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

3AB 622.

6\. CONTRACTOR’S LIABILITY

6.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL CONTRACTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONTINGENT,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED OR ARISING
(INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) FOR ANY LOSS OF ACTUAL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS
OR REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, THE COST OF
SUBSTITUED EQUIPMENT OR ARISING FROM THE WARRANTY PROVIDED HEREIN, TOWAGE
CHARGES, POLLUTION REMEDIATION COSTS, COSTS OF DOCKING, DIVING OR SUB-AREA
WORK, DAMAGE TO ANY VESSEL, ENGINE ROOM OR POWER PLANT SITE, YARD OR OTHER
PROPERTY (INCLUDING DAMAGE TO GOODS OWNED BY CUSTOMER), DAMAGE TO ANY
EQUIPMENT OR PROPERTY OTHER THAN DAMAGE TO THE EQUIPMENT, COMPONENTS AND PARTS
ON WHICH SERVICE WORK WAS PERFORMED HEREUNDER CAUSED BY SUCH PERFORMANCE OF
SERVICE WORK, COSTS FOR ANY ADDITIONAL TESTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITAITON,
SEA TRIALS), DEBRIS REMOVAL, OR FOR LOSS OF TIME OR USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT,
INSTALLATION SYSTEM, OPERATION OR SERVICE). THIS LIMITATION ON CONTRACTOR’S
LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO ANY LIABILITY FOR THE BREACH OF THE CONTRACTOR’S
OBLIGATIONS UNDER OR IN CONNECITON WITH THE SERVICE WORK PERFORMED HEREUNDER,
WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, FAILURE OF OR DELAY IN DELIVERY OR OTHERWISE.

6.2 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Contract, Contractor’s
aggregate liability under the Contract shall not exceed thirty percent (30%)
of the Contract price.

6.3 …

105 Parties have characterised the issue of contractual terms as one of
incorporation and the debate is on the requirement of reasonable notice.
Briefly, there are three methods by which a party’s standard terms and
conditions could be incorporated and be contractually binding on the parties.
The first is where they are expressly agreed to, for example, by being signed.
The second method is by way of reasonable notice. The third method is via a
course of dealing. The third method does not apply in this case. The
commercial relationship of the parties was recent and limited; it was not a
commercial relationship that went far back enough to constitute a course of
dealing. I will focus on the second method. Wartsila’s position is that for cl
6 of the 2008 GTC to be incorporated, “the notice requirement” prescribed in
case law has to be satisfied.

106 Wartsila relies upon two facts in support of the contention that the 2008
GTC formed part of the Repair Contract. First, a copy of the 2008 GTC was sent
on 18 November 2010 by Wartsila’s Sales Engineer to LWP. Secondly, the first
invoice (bearing the reference number 4291211) issued under the Repair
Contract had made reference to the 2008 GTC. That first invoice was issued on
25 November 2010, before the issuance of the 2010 Quotation which was dated 26
November 2010. At the bottom of each page of this first invoice, in fine
print, is a statement that for the provision of services, “[i]f not otherwise
stated, General Terms and Conditions – Service Work (2008) issued by Wartsila
are valid.” 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

3AB 642.

I pause to mention that there is also, in fine print, reference to another set
of printed standard terms and conditions for sale of parts. In light of the
two points, Wartsila’s submission is that the 2008 GTC had been incorporated
and formed part of the Repair Contract.

107 At trial and in their closing submissions, Wartsila maintains that it had
intended to refer to the 2008 GTC in cl 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

DCS, paras 15–17.

Wartsila’s General Manager for Sales, Ang Chin Lam (“ACL”), explained that the
staff would know what they were referring to as there was only one set of
printed terms in use. During cross-examination, ACL agreed that outsiders
would not know that there was only one set of printed terms in use. Hence,
they would not know that the document referred to in cl 2.8 was the same as
the 2008 GTC. His evidence remained the same on re-examination save for his
belief that “[LWP] would [be] fully aware of this, what we are referring to,
because during the initial inspection, way back in mid-November, a copy was
extended to him…” 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2016, p 67.

108 In contrast, the plaintiffs’ case is that the 2008 GTC had never been
incorporated into the Repair Contract. The plaintiffs argue that a copy of the
2008 GTC was sent to LWP in respect of an antecedent and separate contract for
the inspection and determination of the condition of the vessel prior to the
2010 repairs. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2016, p 42.

In any event, their point is that the title of the 2008 GTC is ostensibly
different from the wording used in cl 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation, so the
document referred to in cl 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation was not the same document
as the 2008 GTC. Clause 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation reads as follows: 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

3AB 650.

All other terms and conditions not stipulated shall be governed by our
company’s General Conditions of Sales & Services. A copy shall be made
available upon request.

109 As I have already mentioned, before the 2010 Quotation was issued,
Wartsila’s Sales Engineer had e-mailed a copy of the 2008 GTC to LWP on 18
November 2010. The first invoice was dated 25 November 2010 but it is not
clear when it was sent to Geniki Shipping. Be that as it may, the plaintiffs
argue that the 2008 GTC were not validly incorporated into the Repair Contract
as Wartsila had failed to fulfil their obligation to bring the exclusion
and/or limitation clauses to their attention.

110 I make four points here. First, LWP had asked Wartsila to prepare a
quotation for the replacement of the crankshaft on the 22 November 2010 and
Wartsila e-mailed its quotation on 23 November 2010. The parties then
discussed the contents of the quotation, and on 25 November 2010 at 10.49 am,
LWP asked for a revised quotation which was sent at 2.01 pm. The payment term
in cl 1.3 of the quotation was proposed in LWP’s e-mail of 26 November 2010 at
9.09 am and the proposal was agreed to in Wartsila’s e-mail dated 26 November
2010 at 11.21 am. The short point to this narrative is that cl 2.8 of “2.0
Conditions” under the heading “Terms and Conditions” was probably contained in
the first version of the quotation that was e-mailed to LWP on 23 November
2010 at 2.26pm.

111 Second, the printed words in the first invoice dated 25 November 2010
provide as follows: “Services: if not otherwise stated General Terms and
Conditions – Service Work (2008) issued by Wartsila, are valid.” There is some
force in the plaintiffs’ argument that the applicability of the 2008 GTC had
been “otherwise stated” in the 2010 Quotation by cl 2.8 which ostensibly
referred to a document with a dissimilar title “General Conditions of Sales &
Services”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

PCS, paras 6, 7, and 13.

112 Third, the plaintiffs’ argument ─ that the 2008 GTC were forwarded to the
plaintiffs in respect of an antecedent and separate contract for the
inspection and determination of the condition of the vessel prior to the 2010
repairs ─ is, at first blush, not an argument which I would expect to occur to
businessmen in the position of the parties. However, upon examination of the
text of the 2008 GTC, the plaintiffs’ objection as to the applicability of the
2008 GTC to the 2010 repairs is tenable given the meaning of “Service Work” in
the 2008 GTC. I will elaborate on this later.

113 Ultimately, and this last point leads from the third, the correct question
is whether a reasonable person in the position of the plaintiffs would
understand the words used in cl 2.8 as referring to the 2008 GTC. In relation
to this last point, the process of interpretation has logically to be carried
out without reference to the principles of sufficiency of notice if the whole
of 2008 GTC was sought to be incorporated by cl 2.8. If on an application of
the rules of interpretation, cl 2.8 cannot even be construed to be a reference
to the 2008 GTC, the question of sufficiency of notice does not arise.

Meaning of cl 2.8

114 The principles governing the interpretation of contractual terms are set
out recently by the Court of Appeal in Y.E.S. F&B Group Pte Ltd v Soup
Restaurant Singapore Pte Ltd (formerly known as Soup Restaurant (Causeway
Point) Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1187 (“Soup Restaurant”). Although the context is
important, the principles recognised that the text ought always to be the
first port of call for the court (at [32]). However, if the text is ambiguous
(ie, without even considering the relevant context), in such a situation, the
relevant context will generally be of the first importance (at [34]).
Recently, the Court of Appeal in Yap So On v Ding Pei Zhen [2016] SGCA 68
(“Yap So On”) stated (at [31]):

…While the court is entitled to depart from the plain and ordinary meaning of
the expression used, there is a limit to what the court can legitimately do in
the name of interpretation.

115 With the principles governing contractual interpretations in mind, I now
turn to the meaning of cl 2.8. This case is principally concerned with the
third key principle governing contractual interpretation identified in Yap So
On (at [30]), namely the importance of the text.

116 The background evidence provides a useful starting point. Wartsila’s
evidence is that the only set of printed standard terms and conditions in use
was the 2008 GTC. However, there is no evidence to support ACL’s belief that
LWP was aware of this fact. The plaintiffs were a new customer of Wartsila. A
copy of the 2008 GTC was sent to LWP on 18 November 2010 during the time
enquiries were being made for Wartsila’s engineers to inspect and determine
the condition of the crankshaft. At that time, Wartsila was asked to send its
engineers to the vessel in Malaysia. It is not unreasonable to view the
inspection as an arrangement and a precursor to whatever repairs that were
needed to be done. Businessmen in the position of the parties would anticipate
that a subsequent agreement for the repair work would be made specifying the
individual items of work that were required to be done. Following on from the
inspection and upon discovery that the crankshaft was beyond repair and had to
be replaced, a quotation was sought and obtained by LWP. After discussions,
this quotation was revised and eventually the 2010 Quotation was issued. Even
against this backdrop, it cannot be assumed in this case that the parties’
reasonable expectation was that the 2008 GTC would apply to the 2010 repairs.
Contextually, at the time a copy of the 2008 GTC was given together with the
Field Service Rates 2010, Wartsila was being asked to send its engineers to
Malaysia where the vessel was, and Wartsila was quoting for “services to be
performed in the field” – that was the reason for sending the Field Service
Rates 2010 to LWP. The rates are self-explanatory and the wording at the
bottom of the page states that [our] services are rendered according to the
general terms and conditions of Wartsila”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

3AB 624.

The vessel was subsequently towed to Wartsila’s yard in Singapore where it
docked at Wartsila’s wharf for the duration of the repairs.

117 The query is whether as a matter of construction, a reasonable person in
the position of Geniki Shipping would understand cl 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation
to be drawing attention to the fact that Wartsila had standard conditions that
would apply to the crankshaft replacement work at the yard and that a copy of
the standard conditions would be available on request. Alternatively, as ACL
puts it, Wartsila’s intention in cl 2.8 was to refer to the 2008 GTC.

118 I return to the title of the 2008 GTC which is “Wartsila General Terms and
Conditions Service Work (2008)”. Notably, “Service Work” is defined in cl 1 of
the 2008 GTC as “all service work performed in the field”. Clause 1 reads: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

3AB 622.

1\. INTRODUCTION

These General Terms and Conditions – Service Work (2008) (the “Conditions”)
shall, unless otherwise agreed in writing, apply to all service work performed
in the field (“Service Work”) by any authorised member, agent or
representative of the Wartsila Group (the “Contractor”) to a customer (the
“Customer”). Contractor’s offers are non-binding until accepted and confirmed
by a purchase order issued by Customer in compliance with these Conditions
which is acknowledged by Contractor (any such acknowledged by Contractor (any
such acknowledged purchase order, a “Contract”). These conditions shall form
an integral part of the Contract. Customer may not change or cancel any
purchase order after it has been received by Contractor unless Contractor has
agreed in writing to such change or cancellation.

119 As intended, the phrase “Service Work” is used in most of the clauses in
the 2008 GTC, and the phrase “Service Work” has the meaning ascribed to it in
cl 1. By sending to LWP a copy of the 2008 GTC, Wartsila was indicating that
the 2008 GTC would be the terms and conditions upon which Wartsila was
prepared to do business that require its personnel to perform services in the
field. At that time on 18 November 2010, Wartsila was being engaged to perform
services in the field. From this perspective, the words in cl 2.8 of the 2010
Quotation cannot reasonably bear, in my view, the interpretation that the 2008
GTC was intended to apply to work carried out in the yard. In particular, a
fair number of clauses in the 2008 GTC, by the language used, were intended to
apply to the Contractor’s personnel performing services in the field.

120 Clause 2.8 of the 2010 Quotation states that the “terms and conditions not
stipulated in [the Quotation] shall be governed by our company’s General
Conditions of Sales & Services” [emphasis added]. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Opening Statement, paras 33--34; DCS, paras 8–11.

The clause bears the words “General Conditions of Sales & Services” and the
use of capital letters for the alphabets G, C, S and S gives the phrase a
descriptive manner and style which is consistent with it being the title of a
contractual document. Further, reference to “General Conditions” in cl 2.8 is
to be contrasted with the use of the words “General Terms and Conditions” in
the title to the 2008 GTC. This dissimilarity is not a mere coincidence seeing
that cl 2.8 is a sub-clause of “2.0 Conditions” under the heading “Terms and
Conditions” in the Quotation, and “1.0 Terms” has four sub-clauses of which cl
1.3 relates to “Payment”. It seems to me that all these words and
dissimilarities must bear some meaning.

121 As a matter of construction, the first sentence of cl 2.8 states that
there are other applicable clauses besides the specific provisions, terms and
conditions in the 2010 Quotation. The second sentence of cl 2.8 states that a
copy of the “company’s General Conditions of Sales & Services” shall be made
available upon request. That a copy is available implies that the General
Conditions of Sales & Services as described in the preceding sentence and so
identified as “General Conditions” are in existence in the sense that somebody
has formulated them. Therefore, once the quest begins for meaning, the process
of interpretation has logically to be carried out without reference to the
principles of sufficiency of notice. On the present material, I find that the
more likely construction is that the words in cl 2.8 are insufficient to
convey to a reader that the copy of the 2008 GTC was intended to be the set of
contractual terms and conditions upon which Wartsila would agree to do the
engine repairs.

Reasonable notice

122 For completeness, I will comment on the matter of reasonable notice being
the second method of incorporation of standard terms and conditions. A
refinement of the reasonable notice principles occurs where there is an
onerous or unusual clause. Parties seeking to enforce clauses that contain
onerous or unusual conditions have to show that they had been brought fairly
and reasonably to the attention of the other party (see Interfoto Picture
Library Ltd v Stiletto Visual Programmes Ltd [1989] 1 QB 433, at 438-439).
This requirement is often referred to as the “red hand” rule. It bears
mentioning that Wartsila does not dispute that cl 6 of the 2008 GTC is onerous
and unusual, and therefore the red-hand rule has to be satisfied.

123 I am not persuaded that the evidence would support Wartsila’s case that
the 2008 GTC formed parted of the Repair Contract because reasonable notice
had been given from the fact that a copy of 2008 GTC was furnished to LWP.
This view is based on my earlier analysis of the nature and extent of the 2008
GTC. Separately, even though cl 6 is in capital letters, cl 6.1 is clearly
intended for “Service Work” performed under the 2008 GTC and by Wartsila’s
definition in cl 1 of the 2008 GTC, the 2010 Quotation was not for services to
be performed in the field. Wartsila had not drawn cl 6 of the 2008 GTC to the
attention of the plaintiffs for the works contracted under the 2010 Quotation.
There were also issues with the nomenclature of the incorporating clause (ie,
cl 2.8).

124 Wartsila cited the case of Kenwell & Co Pte Ltd v Southern Ocean
Shipbuilding Co Pte Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R) 583 (“Kenwell”) in support of their
position. According to Wartsila, that case stands for the proposition that in
cases where the other party is found to probably know about the existence of
the standard conditions, the standard conditions will be found to be part of
the contract between the parties. I agree with the plaintiffs’ submissions
that Kenwell is distinguishable. The plaintiff in that case had engaged the
defendant, Southern Ocean Shipbuilding (“SOS”), and other contractors to carry
out repairs to its vessel. Kenwell claimed damages for the delay in the
overhaul works, and the cost of making good defective repairs done by SOS. SOS
sought to rely on cl 9 of SOS’s standard conditions, which purported to, inter
alia, limit its liability for negligence to S$5,000, and relieve it of any
liability for loss of profit, loss of use of the vessel, or damages
consequential on such loss of use.

125 Warren L H Khoo J held that the standard conditions formed part of the
contract between the parties because (see Kenwell at [42]–[43]):

(a) The plaintiff’s representatives had signed the work order forms containing
SOS’s standard conditions, and these work order forms formed part of the
parties’ agreement;

(b) The standard conditions were found on the reverse side of the work order
forms, and a reference to them were found on the front side; and

(c) There was no dispute as to the wording used in the incorporating clause
found on the front of the work order forms.

126 Warren Khoo J’s comments at [42] that the plaintiffs “probably knew about
the existence if not the details of the standard conditions” must be read in
light of the fact that the work orders were signed. This is a key difference
because the red-hand rule would then not apply (see Press Automation
Technology Pte Ltd v Trans-Link Exhibition Forwarding Pte Ltd [2003] 1 SLR(R)
712 at [39]; Abani Trading Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas and another appeal [2014] 3
SLR 909 at [86]).

127 Having reached the conclusion that the 2008 GTC (cl 6 in particular) were
not incorporated, I do not propose to comment on the issue of the
applicability of the Unfair Contract Terms Act.

Warranty clause in the 2010 Quotation

128 The plaintiffs accept that cl 1.4 of the 2010 Quotation does not apply to
consequential losses and that it applies to defects arising from workmanship
and or materials supplied only. Based on my findings above on the issue of
causation, I take the view that the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011 was not
attributable to workmanship or material supplied. Although, there is strictly
no need to deal with the warranty clause, I will make a few points.

129 Wartsila argues that the plaintiffs are unable to rely on the warranty
clause because Geniki Shipping did not pay the last instalment of the repairs
in accordance with the timelines set in cl 1.3 of the 2010 Quotation. There is
no dispute that the last instalment was due on 31 January 2011, and that
payment was only made on 30 May 2011. The material part of the cl 1.4 is as
follows: “… [o]ur warranty terms will cease to apply if due payment is not
fully made.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

3AB 649.

130 There is some suggestion that there was no late payment as the plaintiffs
had obtained a time extension from Wartsila through informal phone calls
between LWP and ACL. However, I agree with Wartsila that the evidence on this
point was sparse. It was not corroborated by any documentary evidence, and
this point was neither pleaded in the plaintiff’s pleadings nor put to
Wartsila’s witnesses.

131 I do not think this disposes completely of this point though. Clause 1.4
states that the warranty would cease to apply “if due payment is not fully
made.” It does not directly address the scenario where full payment of what
was due was eventually made, as in this case. In my view, this question can be
resolved by interpreting cl 1.4. In ascribing a certain interpretation to cl
1.4, both text and context must be considered. The meaning ascribed should
also not be too radical a departure from the plain and ordinary meaning of the
expression used. Where the text is ambiguous, context will be of first
importance (see Soup Restaurant at [34]).

132 In the present case, the ambiguity lies in whether cl 1.4 would remain in
effect when due payment was eventually made even though such payment was late.
In my view, taking the context into consideration, it would make little
commercial sense for Wartsila to be required to honour the warranty when it
has not been paid in full during the period of the warranty. In my view the
plaintiffs were not entitled to rely on cl 1.4.

133 I now address a separate point. While the plaintiffs had, in their
Statement of Claim, referred to the warranty in cl 1.4, no arguments based on
defects attributable to workmanship or materials supplied were expounded upon.
Instead, the plaintiffs pinned their case on how Wartsila were negligent in
their repair services. These are separate and distinct issues. That a warranty
clause like cl 1.4 is a standalone add-on to a service receiver’s or buyer’s
gamut of contractual or statutory rights finds support in Rogers and another v
Parish (Scarborough) Ltd and another [1987] 1 QB 933 at 945C, where Mustill LJ
held that a similar warranty is an addition to a vehicle buyer’s rights under
the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (UK).

134 Additionally, there are significant differences in proof of liability or
entitlement to liability, as well as the remedy or recourse to be sought. To
establish a breach of a duty of care – either a tortious duty or a contractual
duty stemming from an implied term of the Repair Contract – the plaintiffs
must show that Wartsila owed a duty of care, fell below the standard of care
expected, and that damage was caused. One form of redress for such a breach is
an award of damages – which is the remedy sought by the plaintiffs in the
present case. In contrast, the plaintiffs’ rights under cl 1.4 is
circumscribed by the clause itself. To avail themselves of the warranty, they
must adduce evidence to show that the defects are attributable to workmanship
or materials supplied. I would venture to add that it would seem easier for
the plaintiffs to seek recourse under cl 1.4, subject to the other express
limitations set out in the provision (the stipulation that the warranty would
only remain in effect if due payment is fully made).

135 In a proper case, it may even be possible to run an argument based on a
breach of an implied term relating to the quality of the replacement
crankshaft. Fitness for purpose may be another point of contention given how
quickly the engine broke down after the crankshaft was replaced. That said,
these are unaddressed issues that were not pleaded.

Suit 168

136 Since I found in Suit 521 that the plaintiffs’ action in contract and tort
against Wartsila would not be made out on the basis that causation is not
established, the defendant in Suit 168, LYC, has to pay Wartsila for the
outstanding charges for the 2011 repairs. LYC’s main defence to liability was
very much tied to Wartsila’s negligence in the 2010 repairs. LYC’s other
defence challenges the validity of the Letter of Undertaking (“LOU”). LYC’s
case is that: (a) the LOU was provided under economic duress; (b) the LOU
fails for want of consideration; and/or (c) the terms of the LOU are too
uncertain. For the reasons stated below, I find the LOU to be valid and
enforceable against LYC.

137 It is a convenient juncture to set out the relevant portion of the LOU: 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 266.

Further to our tele-converstation and email reply dated 01 Jun 2011. I hereby
to responsible for the outstanding payment (in 9 instalments after initial
down-payment of SGD100,000/- paid on 31 May 2011) for the above vessel which
returned to Wartsila for repair again, provided if the damage was not faulted
by Wartsila’s workmanship or negligence.

138 I will address the three objections to the LOU in turn.

Economic duress

139 LYC’s pleaded case is that he had given the LOU under immense commercial
pressure. The allegation is that the parties had reached an agreement that
payment for the 2011 repairs would only be made if it could be shown that
Wartsila was not at fault for the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011. LYC’s
case is that a threat not to release the vessel unless full payment was made
or security for payment in the form of a personal undertaking was provided
constituted a threat of unlawful action amounting to illegitimate pressure. It
is LYC’s case that Wartsila was well aware that the vessel was integral to the
running of Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra’s liner service. Wartsila therefore knew
that any delay in the return of the vessel to them may result in their having
to cancel scheduled transhipments and suffer financial loss. LYC was therefore
compelled to provide the LOU under duress.

140 Wartsila denies exerting any pressure, let alone illegitimate pressure on
LYC at any stage:

(a) The e-mail sent by ACL to LWP on 31 May 2011 at 9.16 am (see [141] below)
was simply a recognition of how the parties were stuck in a deadlock, and that
this deadlock could only be broken by referring the matter to higher
management;

(b) LWP’s proposal of pre-payment deposits instead of settling the charges for
the 2011 repairs pending investigations as to the cause of the 19 March 2011
breakdown was, in itself, an indication that Wartsila was not pressuring
Geniki Shipping who was negotiating for more time to fulfil its payment
obligations; and

(c) The telephone conversations that Wartsila’s Albert Lim Chor Gian (“AL”)
had with LYC were actually cordial. In fact, LYC had told AL that Geniki
Shipping was unable to pay for the 2011 repairs, and that Geniki Shipping
needed the vessel back so that it could use the vessel to generate income and
make payment to Wartsila. AL then expressed a willingness to accommodate
Geniki Shipping’s predicament, but at the same time, he added that Wartsila
had to safeguard its own interests by securing payment of the 2011 repairs.
LWP then communicated LYC’s willingness to provide the LOU and Wartsila
accepted this proposal.

141 It is convenient to now set out ACL’s e-mail (31 May 2011 at 9.16 am)
referred to in [140] above. It reads: 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 248.

… we regret to note both sides cannot come to an agreement on personal
undertaking for remaining outstanding amount in 9 installments after the
initial downpayment of $S100K.

Meanwhile, we await both management to come to an amicable agreement before
arranging the vessel for sea trial.

142 LWP replied on 31 May 2011, at 11.12am, informing AL and ACL that Geniki
Shipping would be placing a pre-payment deposit of S$100,000 with “the balance
of pre-payment to be settled in 9 months equal installments”, 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 253.

subject to how the issue of whether Wartsila was negligent for the 2010
repairs was resolved. Specifically, Wartsila was to refund all moneys received
as pre-payment deposits within two weeks and bear the costs for the 2011
repairs if it was subsequently discovered that Wartsila had previously been
negligent.

143 Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra then paid Wartsila S$100,000 via telegraphic
transfer. This was confirmed via an e-mail from one Ms Agnes Chong of Aga-
Intra on 31 May 2011, at 3.23pm. AL replied this e-mail later that afternoon
at 5.08pm, stating that the S$100,000 would be treated as part-payment. In
other words, Wartsila did not see the payment as a pre-payment deposit.

144 I prefer Wartsila’s version of events to that of LYC’s. On its face, the
payment arrangement that the parties entered into seemed beneficial to both
Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra and Wartsila. As ACL had testified, the former would
get their vessel back, and Wartsila would have some security for the payment
of the costs of the 2011 repairs. This was a solution to what would otherwise
have been an impasse. It was not an exploitative arrangement suggestive of
duress. Wartsila’s explanation of the e-mail sent by ACL to LWP on 31 May 2011
at 9.16 am also coheres better with the contents of that e-mail. In my view,
this particular e-mail does not – as LYC alleges – resemble a threat.

145 At the outset, it must be noted the economic duress only arises in very
exceptional situations (see Eastern Resource Management Services Ltd v Chiu
Teng Construction Co Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 114 (“Eastern Resource Management
Services”) at [24]; The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 12.020). The
applicable test for economic duress is set out in Tjong Very Sumito and others
v Chan Sing En and others [2012] 3 SLR 953 (“Tjong Very Sumito”) (at [247]):

There are two elements to constitute duress, viz, (a) the exertion of
illegitimate pressure and (b) such pressure amounting to the compulsion of the
victim’s will (see, for example, Universe Tankships Inc of Monrovia v
International Transport Workers Federation [1983] 1 AC 366 at 400, Tam Tak
Chuen v Khairul bin Abdul Rahman [2009] 2 SLR(R) 240 (“Tam Tak Chuen”) at [22]
and E C Investment Holding Pte Ltd v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd [2011] 2 SLR 232
(“E C Investment”) at [51]). The causative threshold a plaintiff needs to meet
is discussed in Treitel at para 10-005 (endorsed in E C Investment at [52]) as
follows:

[T]he two factors may also be said to be interdependent in the sense that the
more illegitimate the pressure the lower the causal threshold. This may
explain why, for duress of the person, it need only be proved that the threat
was one reason why the contract was entered into, whereas for economic duress
the minimum requirement before it can be said that the threat was a
significant cause is to satisfy the ‘but for’ test, i.e. that the agreement
would not have been made at all or on the terms it was made. [emphasis added]

146 The threat of unlawful action – such as the threat of contractual breaches
– may amount to illegitimate pressure, but this is not invariably the case. On
the distinction between threatened contractual breaches which amount to duress
and those that do not, the High Court in Tjong Very Sumito (at [250]) cited
Sharon Global Solutions Pte Ltd v LG International (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2001]
2 SLR(R) 233 (“Sharon Global”) at [32] with approval:

… [D]eliberate exploitation of the victim’s position with a view to gaining
some advantage unrelated to the contract and to which the threatening party
knows he is not entitled is clearly illegitimate. Conversely, an apparent
threat should not be treated as illegitimate if it was really no more than a
true statement that, unless the demand is met, the party making it will be
unable to perform; nor if the party has a genuine belief that he is legally
entitled to the amount demanded. It is suggested that a demand made in good
faith, in the sense that the party demanding has a genuine belief in the moral
strength of his claim — for example, because he has encountered serious and
unexpected difficulties in performing and will suffer considerable hardship if
his demand is not met; or to correct an acknowledged imbalance in the existing
contract — might in some circumstances also be treated as legitimate. Here the
behaviour of the victim, for example whether he protests, will be relevant.
First, it will go to causation… secondly, payment without protest may leave
the demanding party believing that the justice of his demand is admitted,
whereas it will be harder for him to prove that he was acting in good faith if
he ignores the victim’s protests. [emphasis added]

147 With the principles set out in mind, I turn to Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra’s
argument: that the breach of contract threatened in the present case is the
breach of the alleged agreement that payment for the 2011 repairs would only
fall due after it was established that the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011
was not the fault of Wartsila. To support the existence of such an agreement,
LYC refers to an e-mail from ACL on 29 March 2011 at 1.46pm. ACL states in
this e-mail that investigations into the cause of the engine breakdown will be
made, and added that “[i]n the event, the fault is due to miscarriage of the
shipboard operating and maintenance procedure, Wartsila Singapore reserve the
right to charge Geniki Shipping Pte Ltd the full amount incurred to carry out
the crankshaft and bedplate renewal…” 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 239.

ACL then goes on to add that Wartsila would be submitting its quotation for
the 2011 repairs. In fact, the quotation for the 2011 repairs was sent
slightly earlier by Wartsila’s Sales Engineer on 29 March 2011 at 11.34am. In
response to that e-mail, LWP replied on 29 March 2011 at 6.50pm commenting on
the quotation, including that “[p]ayment terms to be discussed after the
completion of investigation report. However, it is agreed that Wartsila shall
not hold the vessel under any circumstance.” Notably, the e-mail exchanges
were in March 2011; it was only ten days after the breakdown and both sides
were agreeable to investigating the cause of the breakdown whilst the vessel
was being repaired.

148 At the point in time when the LOU was discussed (31 May 2011 to 2 June
2011), 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

LWP’s SAEIC, pp 245–262.

the cause(s) underlying the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011 had yet to be
ascertained: the first DNV report date 12 May 2011 had been obtained but that
report only expounded on damage to the main bearings; Braemar had been engaged
in April 2011 but the report was only produced on 10 October 2011 (see [13]
above). In addition during that same period (31 May 2011 to 2 June 2011), the
2011 repairs were nearing completion (the vessel was scheduled for basin and
sea trials on 1 and 2 June 2011) and LYC wanted the vessel back. Seen in this
light, I would consider that fresh discussions for LYC to provide a personal
undertaking was a new development necessitated by the confluence of
circumstances. A new arrangement had to be entered into while investigations
as to the cause of the engine was going on so that Wartsila could be paid or
have payment security for the repairs it carried out, and the vessel could be
released. The discussions on the LOU arrangement were not, as LYC alleges,
borne out of a threat to breach the agreement reached in March 2011 that the
costs of the 2011 repairs would be borne by the party to blame for the engine
breakdown on 19 March 2011. I agree with Wartsila that it had not pressured
Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra and LYC into furnishing the LOU.

149 At trial, ACL’s oral testimony explains that all Wartsila was doing at the
material time was to safeguard its position for the repairs it had carried
out: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript dated 23 August 2016, pp 53–55.

A: … If you are me in the businessman position, and you have a… at stake of
having a dispute, you have to protect the company interests to ensure that the
outstanding amount have been secured or been pre-agreed upon before you can
even release.

…

A: I’m trying to find a solution… now, look here. If we cannot come to a
conclusion, or a solution, I will not able to release the vessel. Who is
suffering? The owner, Geniki, is suffering, not Wartsila. But, on the other
hand, I had to protect Wartsila’s interests to safeguard the payment. So as
long as we come to an agreement, then we can move forward together.

150 Implicit in ACL’s evidence that he “will not [be] able to release vessel”
without finding a “solution” is his understanding that as a ship repairer,
Wartsila was entitled to detain the vessel as security. LYC’s offer to provide
a personal undertaking in exchange for the release of the vessel resonates
with Wartsila’s thinking that the vessel need not be released. Thus, there was
a genuine belief on the part of Wartsila that the LOU was a “solution” and was
a way for both parties to “move forward together”. Such language is far
removed from the picture painted that Wartsila was asserting illegitimate
pressure. It should also be noted that AL’s unchallenged evidence is that it
was LYC who raised the concern that Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra might not be
able to fulfil its payment obligations before the vessel was due for
departure. The LOU arrangement was entered into in light of the concern that
the vessel was required to generate income. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

DCS, para 189; AL’s AEIC, p 4.

I accept that the initiative of a personal undertaking from LYC came from LYC
as AL’s unchallenged evidence is that it was not Wartsila’s practice to accept
a personal undertaking from a customer. Eventually, he accepted LYC’s personal
undertaking as LYC had convinced him of the mutual benefits from this
arrangement. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AL’s SAEIC, para 8.

151 The lack of protests from LWP and LYC is also telling. AL’s evidence was
that the conversations with LYC were amicable and cordial. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AL’s AEIC, para 15.

As stated, LWP offered LYC’s personal undertaking and there was no prior
objection or questioning of the basis for such a personal undertaking in
exchange for the release of the vessel. For these reasons, I find that
Wartsila had not been exerting illegitimate pressure. Having found that the
first element of economic duress is not made out, I see no need to address the
second element of economic duress – ie, the compulsion of will.

152 This is a good juncture for me to segue briefly into the issue of a
repairer’s possessory lien. Counsel for LYC objects to any arguments on
Wartsila’s entitlement to exercise a possessory lien as it was not pleaded.
However, counsel replied to Wartsila’s assertion of a possessory lien. Since
both parties have dealt with this issue in their closing submissions, I make
some remarks.

153 On a preliminary note, it ought to be mentioned that Wartsila also holds
the position that in relation the issue of duress, the vessel was not even
ready to depart from the yard so any purported threat in the form of a
retention of vessel is a non-starter. The vessel was released on 4 June 2011
after the 2011 repairs were completed. Leaving that aside, the question of
whether Wartsila was entitled to detain the vessel is legally relevant for the
question of duress – if Wartsila did enjoy such a right by virtue of a
repairer’s lien, the issue would be characterised as a threat of lawful action
instead. In this regard, the applicable legal propositions in Tjong Very
Sumito are as follows (at [252]):

Threats of lawful action can also constitute duress. However, a corollary of
the rule that a party pleading duress must prove illegitimate pressure, as
opposed to mere commercial pressure, is that where the threatened act is in
itself lawful, it would be extremely difficult, and indeed, rare, to be able
to prove economic duress, especially in the commercial context (CTN Cash and
Carry Ltd v Gallaher Ltd [1994] 4 All ER 714 (“CTN Cash and Carry”) at 719 and
E C Investment ([247] supra) at [47] and [51]). This arises from the need to
ensure certainty in the commercial bargaining process (Tam Tak Chuen ([247]
supra) at [50] and E C Investment at [48]–[49]). Four factors are relevant to
the question of whether a threat of lawful action is illegitimate (Enonchong
at para 3-022, Tam Tak Chuen at [50] and E C Investment at [48]), viz:

(a) whether the threat is an abuse of legal process;

(b) whether the demand is not made bona fide;

(c) whether the demand is unreasonable; and

(d) whether the threat is considered unconscionable in the light of all the
circumstances.

154 With the four factors listed above in mind, if Wartsila had a valid
possessory lien at common law, the so-called threat to retain the vessel would
not constitute an illegitimate pressure. The retention of the vessel would
have been a legitimate exercise of the possessory lien that the ship repairer
was entitled to. Any demand for a personal undertaking, in lieu of possession
of the vessel, was made bona fide and reasonably.

155 At the point when the LOU was discussed, Wartsila was told that Geniki
Shipping/Aga-Intra would not be able to pay for the costs of the 2011 repairs.
As a matter of principle, ship repairers are entitled to the self-help remedy
of asserting a common law possessory lien against the vessel to the sum of the
outstanding repair costs (see The “Dwima 1” [1996] 1 SLR(R) 927; Pan-United
Shipyard Pte Ltd v The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association) [1999] 1
SLR(R) 703). This would cover the price of work done – ie, the agreed price or
a reasonable charge for both materials and labour and any incidental expenses
(see Nigel Meeson and John A Kimbell in Admiralty Jurisdiction and Practice
(Informa, 4th Ed, 2011) at para 6.21).

156 In closing submissions for LYC, it was submitted that the remedy of a
possessory lien was excluded by the terms of the repair contract governing the
2011 repairs. His counsel relies on the following proposition made in
Tappenden v Artus and another [1964] 2 QB 185 (“Tappenden”), at 195: “[t]he
remedy can be excluded by the terms of the contract made with the repairer
either expressly or by necessary implication from other terms which are
inconsistent with the exercise of a possessory lien.” Then, counsel argues
that Wartsila’s right to a repairer’s lien was excluded by the term that
Wartsila was only to be paid if it was shown that the engine breakdown on 19
March 2011 was not attributable to Wartsila’s bad workmanship or negligence.
According to counsel, by necessary implication, the right to be paid would
only arise when it is established that the defects are not attributable to
Wartsila’s shortcomings – therefore, the right to assert a possessory lien was
excluded.

157 I disagree with this analysis as the imposition of a condition on the
right to payment, though a fetter on Wartsila’s right, is not inconsistent
with the exercise of a possessory lien. This contrasts with terms of the
contract that diametrically contradict the premises upon which a possessory
lien is exercised, ie, a continuing right of possession and a right to
payment. Such inconsistency was found in Forth v Simpson (1849) 13 QB 680
(which was referenced in Tappenden), where the court held that a racehorse
trainer was not able to exercise a lien over a racehorse for his fees when his
contract had reserved to the owner of the racehorse the right to decide the
places at which and the jockeys by whom it was to be raced. Similarly, in Your
Response Ltd v Datateam Business Media Ltd [2014] EWCA Civ 281, the English
Court of Appeal also considered (albeit obiter, at [31]) that a data manager
could not be said to exercise a lien over data because the data was made
freely available by the provision of a password to a publisher and that was
“inconsistent with the… kind of exclusive control that would equate to the
continuing possession required for the exercise of a lien”.

158 As mentioned, the fact that the right to payment was subject to a
condition does not, by “necessary implication” mean that the right to exercise
the lien was excluded. At best, the time to exercise the lien would be
deferred.

Lack of consideration

159 The second branch of LYC’s arguments against the validity or
enforceability of the LOU is that the agreement was not validly formed due to
a lack of consideration. I disagree with this. The circumstances surrounding
the LOU arrangement bear repeating (see [147 ]–[151] above). At the point in
time when the LOU arrangement was entered into, there was an impasse between
both parties. Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra wanted the vessel back but it only
wanted to pay the costs of the 2011 repairs if it was subsequently established
that the engine breakdown on 19 March 2011 was not due to Wartsila’s poor
workmanship or negligence. Wartsila agreed that payment would be subject to
the condition envisaged. It was willing to release the vessel once repairs
were completed, but it wanted to ensure that there was some security for its
right to payment for the 2011 repairs. The LOU arrangement was struck as a
result.

160 It would be useful to set out the material passage of the LOU in full
again: 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

5AB 1250.

“Further in our tele-conversation and email reply dated 01 Jun 2011. I hereby
to responsible for the outstanding payment (in 9 instalments after initial
down-payment of SGD100,000/- paid on 31 May 2011) for the above vessel which
had returned to Wartsila for repair again, provided if the damage was not
faulted by Wartsila’s workmanship or negligence.”

It bears mention that aside from the initial payment of S$100,000, which was
made via telegraphic transfer on 31 May 2010, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 260.

the remaining sums due (in 9 instalments) would only be payable if the same
condition – damage not faulted by Wartsila’s workmanship or negligence – was
satisfied.

161 The terms of the LOU therefore presented a more favourable set of payment
conditions than those that would apply in the absence of the LOU – ie, payment
within 30 days of the date of the invoice. In my view, this suffices as
consideration furnished by Wartsila in exchange for the provision of the LOU.

162 On a side note, Wartsila raised its entitlement to assert a possessory
lien over the vessel. As stated, LYC’s objection is that this assertion of a
possession lien was not pleaded. As an observation, Wartsila would have
provided consideration by giving up possession and allowing the vessel to
depart from the yard in return for the personal undertaking provided for by
LYC. Under common law, a repairer would lose his possessory lien if he parts
with possession of the vessel, and it is trite that detriment taken on by the
promisee can constitute good consideration (see Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze Ti
Terence Peter and another appeal [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 (at [67] and [80])).

163 I should add that there is no need for the consideration to flow from the
promisee to the promisor. Instead, consideration may move from the promisee to
a third party (see The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 04.021, citing Tsu
Soo Sin nee Oei Karen v Ng Yee Hoon [2008] SGHC 30 (at [104])). Hence, even if
it were Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra, instead of LYC that directly benefitted
from the more favourable payment terms in the LOU or Wartsila’s forbearance in
asserting the possessory lien, good consideration would still have been
furnished.

Lack of certainty

164 Finally, LYC submits that the LOU is not enforceable because the terms of
the LOU are uncertain: the wording of the LOU (see [160] above) can be
interpreted to either mean that LYC was providing a guarantee in relation to
the first Plaintiff’s obligations to pay for the 2011 repairs or that LYC was
taking on a direct obligation to pay for the 2011 repairs as long as it was
established that the 2011 repairs were not a result of Wartsila’s negligence.

165 As a starting point, it bears mention that courts do not expect documents
prepared by the parties to be drafted with utmost precision and certainty.
Courts endeavour to give effect to agreements, and not render them nugatory.
The following comment made by Lord Wright in Hillas & Co Ltd v Arcos Ltd
(1932) 147 LT 503 at 514, which was cited by Warren Khoo J in Gardner Smith
(SE Asia) Pte Ltd v Jee Woo Trading Pte Ltd [1998] 1 SLR(R) 950 at [10],
provides some useful guidance:

Business men often record the most important agreements in crude and summary
fashion; modes of expression sufficient and clear to them in the course of
their business may appear to those unfamiliar with the business far from
complete or precise. It is accordingly the duty of the court to construe such
documents fairly and broadly, without being too astute or subtle in finding
defects; but, on the contrary, the court should seek to apply the old maxim of
English law, verba ita sunt intelligenda ut res magis valeat quam pereat.
[Words are to be understood in such a manner that the subject matter be
preserved rather than destroyed.]

166 With this in mind, I turn to address the wording of the LOU. Undoubtedly,
the LOU is not worded with absolute precision. But it is trite that even
agreements that contain a slight element of uncertainty should be enforced
rather than destroyed. In any case, I find that clarity can be found through
an exercise of interpretation, taking into account the discussions leading up
to the provision of the LOU, in order to clarify the parties’ intention at the
point in time when the LOU was entered into. Most notably, in an e-mail dated
1 June 2011, with the subject header “RE: Geniki Sarawak Draft Invoice”, LYC
told AL the following: 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

5AB 1225.

Further our telecon just a moment, kindly proceed to depart the vessel as
scheduled and I, Lau Yew Choong, MD of Geniki Shipping, will be responsible
for the balance of payment if the damage was not faulted by the repairer’s
workmanship or negligence.

This was the e-mail referenced in the wording of the LOU. This e-mail conveys
the message that LYC was taking on personal responsibility for the balance of
payment. No reference was made to how LYC would merely be acting as a
guarantor in the event that Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra renege on their payment
obligations. It is therefore clear that LYC had undertaken a direct obligation
to make payment of the repair charges owing to Wartsila.

167 This is corroborated by the earlier e-mail that ACL sent to LWP dated 31
May 2011, which used the phrase “personal undertaking”. Further, in LWP’s
reply dated 31 May 2011 as well, he expressed his opinion that “a personal or
corporate undertaking is not necessary because the term that we agreed in
writing will suffice in the context of Singapore law.” 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

LWP’s SAEIC, p 251.

[emphasis added]

168 In my view, the parties had always envisaged a direct, personal
undertaking to pay as opposed to a guarantee. Thus, I am not convinced that
the words or terms of the LOU was uncertain to the extent that it should be
unenforceable. For the above reasons, I find that the LOU remains valid and
enforceable. Good consideration was furnished, LYC provided the LOU without
any duress and the LOU is sufficiently clear.

169 In LYC’s closing submissions, it was further alleged that the LOU was
uncertain because there was uncertainty as to when the nine instalments were
to be paid, and the amount of each of the nine instalments. There was nothing
to this allegation. On the face of the LOU, it was clear that the instalments
would fall due once there was a conclusion as to the cause of the engine
breakdown on 19 March 2011. In my view, it was envisaged by the parties that
the Braemar Report would provide such closure, seeing that Braemar was jointly
appointed. After the release of the Braemar Report – which was inconclusive on
the exact cause of the engine breakdown – Geniki Shipping/Aga-Intra no longer
had any basis to maintain their position that the engine breakdown was
attributable to Wartsila’s negligence or poor workmanship. I find that the
entire outstanding sum of S$210,000 would be recoverable nine months after the
release of the Braemar Report. In fact, that was the position taken by
Wartsila who issued a letter of demand on 21 September 2012 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

6AB 1741.

– more than nine months after the Braemar Report. As for the quantum of each
instalment to be paid, it was expressly stipulated in LWP’s email dated (see
above at [142]) that the outstanding fees were to be paid in nine equal
instalments.

Conclusion

170 For the reasons stated above, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ action against
Wartsila in Suit 521. I will hear parties on costs.

171 As for Suit 168, LYC is liable for the outstanding repair costs in the sum
of S$210,000 pursuant to the LOU. I will hear parties on interest and costs.

Belinda Ang Saw Ean  
Judge

Anthony Lee, Angelyn Cheng and Wang Liansheng (Bih Li & Lee) for the
plaintiff;  
John Sze Kian Chuan and Nicola Loh (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

