Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 162

Suit No 520 of 2016

Between

| Alacran Design Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Broadley Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Fraudulent]

[Contract] — [Mistake]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Alacran Design Pte Ltd v Broadley Construction Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 162

High Court — Suit No 520 of 2016  
Audrey Lim JC  
18 April; 29 May 2017

10 July 2017

Audrey Lim JC:

1 The plaintiff, Alacran Design Pte Ltd (“Alacran”), claimed against the
defendant, Broadley Construction Pte Ltd (“Broadley”), a sum of $423,407.34
for equipment supplied to Broadley in the construction of a residential
development project (“the Project”), of which Broadley was a sub-contractor.
The main contractor of the Project was Singbuild Pte Ltd (“Singbuild”). It is
undisputed that Broadley owed that sum to Alacran. The dispute centres on
whether a letter of undertaking discharged Broadley from liability for payment
of the sum on the basis that Singbuild was authorised to pay the sum to
Alacran on Broadley’s behalf.

Background

2 The parties entered into a contract on 8 July 2013 for Alacran to supply
equipment to Broadley which Broadley in turn installed for Singbuild for the
Project. From time to time, Broadley would issue delivery orders (“DOs”) to
Alacran for it to supply the equipment. Around 2015, Broadley became unable to
pay Alacran on some of the DOs as it was unable to obtain payment from
Singbuild. Several meetings ensued to resolve the issue of payment to Alacran,
which eventually led to the signing of a letter of undertaking.

The plaintiff’s case

3 Alacran’s case is narrated by Jacky, its former business development
manager. Jacky had chased Broadley on several occasions in 2015 for payment of
the outstanding DOs. In August 2015, he informed Broadley’s managing director,
Roy, that Alacran would cease to supply further equipment to Broadley if it
did not pay on the outstanding DOs. Roy then requested a meeting with Jacky to
resolve the payment issue. The meeting took place in August 2015 (“the First
Meeting”) and was attended by Roy, Chatterly (Broadley’s senior quantity
surveyor), Ramesh (Broadley’s site manager for the Project) and Jacky.

4 At the First Meeting, Roy explained that Broadley could not pay Alacran as
it had not received payment from Singbuild. Roy requested Alacran to continue
supplying the equipment so that Temporary Occupation Permit could be obtained
in time for the Project. Roy also stated that Broadley was expecting monies
from Singbuild soon and it would then be able to pay Alacran. Jacky informed
Roy that he could not accede to the request unless the then outstanding amount
of around $215,588.31 was first paid up. Roy suggested issuing Alacran post-
dated cheques for that outstanding amount. However, as Broadley did not have
sufficient money in its account, Roy requested Jacky to refrain from
presenting the cheques until Broadley had been paid by Singbuild. On that
basis Alacran continued to supply Broadley the necessary equipment. Broadley
subsequently issued to Alacran two cheques post-dated to September 2015 (“the
Cheques”).

5 On 28 September 2015, Jacky informed Roy that Alacran intended to encash the
Cheques. Roy stated that Broadley still did not have sufficient money to
honour the Cheques and that he would update Jacky once Singbuild had paid
Broadley. After Temporary Occupation Permit was obtained for the Project, Roy
arranged another meeting (“the Second Meeting”) with Jacky to discuss the
outstanding payments, which was by then $423,407.34 (“the Outstanding Sum”).

6 The Second Meeting, which took place on 4 November 2015, was attended by
Jacky, Roy, Ramesh and Chatterly. At the meeting, Jacky suggested that
Broadley pay the Outstanding Sum by instalments. Roy replied that Broadley was
not able to pay Alacran so long as Singbuild did not pay Broadley. Roy
proposed instead that an undertaking be issued to authorise Singbuild to pay
the Outstanding Sum directly to Alacran from moneys that Singbuild owed
Broadley under the Project. Jacky informed Roy that it made no difference to
Alacran who paid the Outstanding Sum so long as Alacran was paid in full, and
that if Singbuild defaulted on the payment Broadley would remain liable for
any amount that was outstanding. Roy remained silent when Jacky informed him
as such, and Jacky took it that Roy had agreed to what he had said. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence (“NE”), pp 16–20.

The parties agreed that what transpired at the meeting would form the basis of
their agreement, and Roy stated that he would prepare an undertaking
authorising Singbuild to pay the Outstanding Sum to Alacran on Broadley’s
behalf. At this meeting, Broadley did not mention that it would be absolved
from its liability to pay Alacran should Singbuild fail to do so, and Roy also
did not request for the Cheques to be returned.

7 On 6 November 2015, Broadley emailed to Jacky a scanned copy of a letter of
undertaking (“the Undertaking”), which had been pre-signed by Broadley and
Singbuild. The Undertaking stated as follows:

RE: UNDERTAKING LETTER FOR SWITCHES & ELV SYSTEMS OUTSTANDING BALANCE

We, [Broadley] has appointed [Alacran] to supply [the equipment] for the
[Project]. … to date, we have outstanding balance amounting to $423,407.35
…This amount is final and has been agreed with Alacran and no further claims
shall be submitted in relation to this contract.

We, [Broadley] hereby authorises [Singbuild] to pay on our behalf, the total
outstanding balance due to Alacran, which sums to $423,407.35 ..., details as
attached and agreed by the supplier. We agree that this amount be deducted
from our Remaining Contract Amount with [Singbuild].

This agreement has been agreed by [Singbuild], [Broadley] and [Alacran]. This
letter indemnifies [Broadley] and is free of any responsibility and is no
longer liable with regards to the outstanding balance with [Alacran].

8 Jacky signed the Undertaking on Alacran’s behalf and sent it back to
Broadley. To Jacky’s understanding, the Undertaking authorised Singbuild to
pay Alacran on Broadley’s behalf but did not absolve Broadley from paying
Alacran if Singbuild failed to do so. He did not realise that the Undertaking,
through its last paragraph, waived Alacran’s right to claim the Outstanding
Sum from Broadley, as he had signed the Undertaking on the basis that it was
consistent with what was agreed by the parties at the Second Meeting and in
reliance on the title of the document as an “undertaking”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

NE, pp 21–22.

Broadley had thus surreptitiously inserted a clause (the last paragraph in the
Undertaking) to exclude itself from liability to pay the Outstanding Sum owed
to Alacran.

9 A few days after returning the Undertaking to Broadley, Roy phoned Jacky for
the return of the Cheques. Jacky informed Roy that Alacran was retaining the
Cheques as security, as Singbuild had not paid Alacran and there was no
guarantee that it would do so pursuant to the Undertaking. Roy did not call
Jacky again to ask him to return the Cheques.

10 As it transpired, Singbuild never paid Alacran the Outstanding Sum despite
being chased to do so by Alacran. Alacran therefore proceeded to encash the
Cheques in February 2016 but discovered that Broadley had stopped payment on
them. Hence, Alacran now claims the Outstanding Sum from Broadley on the
following basis: (a) the Undertaking was not valid and binding; (b) there has
been a total failure of consideration; (c) Alacran entered into the
Undertaking based on a fraudulent misrepresentation or under a unilateral
mistake; (d) non est factum; and (e) the Undertaking did not contain the
entire agreement between the parties.

The defendant’s case

11 Roy, Broadley’s director and sole shareholder, stated that it was Jacky and
not him who had suggested, at the First Meeting, that Broadley issue post-
dated cheques to pay the outstanding amount owed to Alacran. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE, pp 54–55.

Roy agreed to issue the Cheques on condition that Alacran would only present
them for payment after being notified by Broadley that it had been paid by
Singbuild. As Broadley was unable to pay Alacran even in October 2015, the
Second Meeting was held. At that meeting, Roy informed Jacky that Broadley had
not received payment from Singbuild and was thus unable to pay the Outstanding
Sum to Alacran. The parties thus agreed that Alacran would absolve Broadley of
“any and all liability for [Alacran’s] outstanding invoices if Singbuild were
to assume full responsibility and accept all liability for the said
outstanding invoices”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Roy’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), para 20(b).

12 In cross-examination, Roy related the following conversation that
transpired at the Second Meeting. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE, pp 68–74.

Roy told Jacky that when Singbuild pays Broadley, he would notify Jacky to
encash the Cheques. Jacky then made a phone call to check with Alacran’s
management. After that call, Jacky asked Roy to issue an undertaking as
Alacran wished to collect the Outstanding Sum directly from Singbuild. Roy
asked Jacky what would happen to the Cheques if Broadley issued an
undertaking. Jacky replied that he would return the Cheques to Broadley once
the undertaking was signed by Alacran, Broadley and Singbuild. Roy agreed to
prepare an undertaking and informed Jacky that the undertaking would absolve
Broadley from all further liability to Alacran.

13 After the Second Meeting, Chatterly drafted the Undertaking on Broadley’s
behalf. Before it was signed, Roy met Singbuild’s representative, who asked
him whether, based on the Undertaking, Singbuild could pay Alacran directly
from the amounts that it owed to Broadley. Roy informed Singbuild that it
could do so. The Undertaking signed by Broadley and Singbuild was then sent to
Alacran on 6 November 2015. Alacran did not seek any clarification on or raise
any objections to the Undertaking and returned a signed copy to Broadley. At
all material times, Roy was under the impression that Alacran was aware of the
terms of the Undertaking, as the Undertaking encapsulated what was agreed at
the Second Meeting.

14 As for the Cheques, Jacky did not return them to Roy despite Roy’s repeated
requests. Around 11 November 2015, Roy informed Jacky that he would cancel the
Cheques, which Roy subsequently did on 13 November 2015. In the circumstances,
the plain words of the Undertaking clearly supports Broadley’s defence that it
has been indemnified and is no longer liable to Alacran for the Outstanding
Sum.

My decision

What transpired at the Second Meeting

15 Jacky claimed that the parties agreed that what was mentioned at the Second
Meeting would form the basis of the agreement between them. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Jacky’s AEIC, paras 28–30.

Roy similarly stated that the terms of the agreed arrangement formed at that
meeting were thereafter encapsulated in the Undertaking. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Roy’s AEIC, para 26.

In other words, both parties agreed that the contents of the Undertaking would
be based on their oral agreement at the Second Meeting. Hence, I have to
determine what transpired at that meeting, in particular who had suggested
preparing an undertaking and what the parties had agreed to. Having examined
the evidence, I find on balance that it was Roy who had suggested issuing an
undertaking, and I prefer Jacky’s testimony over Roy’s as to what transpired
at that meeting.

16 Jacky’s testimony in this regard had been consistent. He maintained in
evidence-in-chief and in cross-examination that it was Roy who proposed that
Singbuild be authorised to pay the Outstanding Sum to Alacran and who
mentioned that Broadley would prepare the undertaking for this purpose. This
was also stated in Jacky’s affidavit (adduced by Broadley) filed for Alacran’s
summary judgment application (“O14 affidavit”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s supplementary bundle of documents (“2DB”), pp 9–10.

On the contrary, Roy’s evidence-in-chief was silent on who had first broached
this, despite him having the benefit of knowing Jacky’s assertions in his O14
affidavit filed earlier. It was only in cross-examination that Roy claimed
that it was Jacky who instructed him to issue an undertaking after Jacky had
made a phone call to consult Alacran’s management. Thus, I find that it was,
more likely than not, Roy (and not Jacky) who had proposed an undertaking to
authorise Singbuild to pay the Outstanding Sum directly to Alacran on behalf
of Broadley, and that Jacky had agreed to this.

17 Next, Roy claimed that the parties agreed that Alacran would absolve
Broadley of all liability to pay the Outstanding Sum “if Singbuild were to
assume full responsibility and accept all liability for the said outstanding
invoices”, and that the terms of the oral agreement were encapsulated in the
draft copy of the Undertaking 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Roy’s AEIC, paras 20(b) and 26.

(which was the same as the signed copy). Yet what Roy claimed was agreed at
the Second Meeting was not, in fact, encapsulated in the draft or signed
Undertaking. The Undertaking did not state that Singbuild would assume full
responsibility and accept all liability for the Outstanding Sum. On the
contrary, in so far as Singbuild’s role was concerned, the Undertaking merely
stated that it was authorised to pay the Outstanding Sum on Broadley’s behalf,
which was consistent with Jacky’s testimony. Roy could not explain in court
where his version of the purported agreement was reflected in the Undertaking
and eventually conceded that the Undertaking did not state that Singbuild
would assume full responsibility and accept all liability for the Outstanding
Sum owed by Broadley to Alacran. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE, pp 103–104.

18 There was thus no evidence, other than Roy’s mere assertion, that Singbuild
had agreed to assume liability to pay the Outstanding Sum to Alacran. Roy
claimed that before signing the Undertaking, Singbuild’s representative had
asked him whether it could pay Alacran directly from the amounts Singbuild
owed to Broadley and Roy had confirmed that it could do so. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE, p 87.

There was no understanding reached between Broadley and Singbuild that, by
signing the Undertaking, Singbuild would assume full responsibility and accept
all liability for the repayment of the Outstanding Sum. Although Broadley’s
assertion that Singbuild has assumed liability for the Outstanding Sum was
material to its case, Broadley did not call Singbuild’s representative to
testify. Even accepting that Roy’s conversation with Singbuild’s
representative occurred, this conversation revealed that, at best, the intent
was to allow Alacran to obtain from Singbuild the Outstanding Sum, and for
Singbuild to be able to set-off whatever amount it paid to Alacran from the
debt that it owed to Broadley. This did not equate to Singbuild agreeing to
assume or assuming full responsibility and accepting all liability for the
Outstanding Sum. This would also be consistent with the second paragraph of
the Undertaking and Jacky’s testimony. Roy also admitted that the Undertaking
did not mention that Singbuild was obliged to pay Alacran. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

NE, p 102.

He also stated that if Singbuild never paid Alacran at all towards fulfilment
of the Outstanding Sum pursuant to the Understanding, he did not know whether
Broadley could claim the entire sum that Singbuild owed to Broadley under the
Project 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

NE, p 101.

– it would seem that Roy himself was not clear as to the purport of the
Undertaking.

19 Hence I prefer Jacky’s testimony that Roy did not mention at the Second
Meeting that Broadley would be absolved from its liability or obligation to
pay the Outstanding Sum to Alacran if Singbuild assumed liability and
responsibility for the Outstanding Sum. Roy’s version was not borne out by the
subsequent Undertaking or otherwise (see [17] and [18] above). In cross-
examination, the reliability of Roy’s evidence was further undermined when he
first stated that he had mentioned to Jacky that Alacran would absolve
Broadley of all liability for the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild were to assume
full responsibility and accept liability for it, only to then change his
position and claim that it was mentioned by Ramesh instead – a claim which in
any event I disbelieved. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE, pp 73–74, and 77–78.

Surprisingly, Ramesh, who was Broadley’s employee, was not called to testify
to such a crucial point.

20 I also accept Jacky’s evidence that he had informed Roy that it made no
difference to Alacran who paid Alacran and that Broadley would remain liable
to Alacran for the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild failed to pay Alacran, and
that Roy did not disagree with this. In my view (and quite apart from whether
there was any misrepresentation by Roy, a point which I will deal with later),
Roy’s conduct and failure to object to what Jacky had said evinced an
acceptance of Jacky’s term (see RI International Pte Ltd v Lonstroff AG [2015]
1 SLR 521 at [51], [53] and [54]).

21 I thus reject Roy’s assertion that the parties had agreed to absolve
Broadley of its liability to Alacran once the Undertaking was signed or if
Singbuild were to assume full responsibility and accept all liability for the
Outstanding Sum, regardless of whether or not Singbuild did pay the
Outstanding Sum to Alacran. It was unlikely that Alacran would agree to
absolve Broadley from its debt and look only to Singbuild for payment. This
would have made no commercial sense. Alacran knew fully well that Singbuild
had cashflow problems and could not even pay its debts to Broadley, and that
Broadley’s difficulties in paying Alacran was caused by delays in Singbuild
paying Broadley. Alacran’s conduct throughout, in taking steps to secure
payment, has been consistent. This included supplying Broadley with equipment
only after Broadley’s issuance of the Cheques, chasing Broadley for payments
repeatedly, and retaining the Cheques after the Undertaking was signed.
Jacky’s conduct in retaining the Cheques after the Undertaking was signed lent
support to his testimony on what transpired at the Second Meeting, namely that
Alacran would look to Broadley if Singbuild did not pay Alacran.

22 I also accept Jacky’s testimony that Roy did not again pursue Jacky for the
return of the Cheques after Jacky informed him that he would retain the
Cheques as security. Even if Roy had made repeated attempts to obtain the
Cheques from Jacky, this does not affect my findings on what transpired at the
Second Meeting. As such, I find that the Undertaking, particularly the last
paragraph, did not accurately encapsulate what was agreed by the parties at
the Second Meeting, notwithstanding that they had intended such agreement to
be so encapsulated.

23 Defence counsel raised the issue that Jacky did not mention in his summary
judgment application or initial Statement of Claim that he had informed Roy
that Alacran would look to Broadley for payment of the Outstanding Sum if
Singbuild did not pay Alacran. Nevertheless, this does not affect my findings
above. Although the original Statement of Claim was short on details, Alacran
had consistently maintained (even in its initial Reply) that the Undertaking
was merely for Broadley to authorise Singbuild to pay the Outstanding Sum to
Alacran on Broadley’s behalf and that the parties never mentioned that
Broadley would be absolved of its liability to Alacran if Singbuild failed to
pay. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Para 4 of Reply (Set Down Bundle Tab C); paras 26–27 of Jacky’s affidavit in
the summary judgment application (2DB 10).

In any event, I had also found that neither Roy nor Ramesh had informed Jacky
that Broadley would be absolved from all liability to Alacran once the
Undertaking was signed, or that the parties had agreed to relieve Broadley
from its liability to Alacran.

Was the Undertaking a valid agreement

24 Based on the above factual findings, I turn to the legal issues and claims
made by Alacran. First, the Undertaking is a valid agreement in that the
parties intended to create legal relations by entering into it and they agreed
that the eventual Undertaking prepared was to be based on what was agreed at
the Second Meeting. That much the parties are in agreement. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Jacky’s AEIC, para 30; Roy’s AEIC, para 26; NE, pp 14–15.

In my view, consideration was also provided for entering into the Undertaking.
Without the Undertaking, Alacran was to receive the Outstanding Sum only from
Broadley, the sub-contractor of the Project, but payment from Broadley was not
forthcoming because it was awaiting payments from Singbuild, the main
contractor of the Project. There was thus sufficient consideration for Alacran
to enter into the Undertaking, as it allows Alacran to obtain payment directly
from Singbuild, and this would presumably allow Alacran to receive the monies
faster. The last paragraph of the Undertaking provides that Broadley would be
absolved from any further liability to Alacran for the Outstanding Sum. The
question then is whether the Undertaking should stand, in light of Alacran’s
claim that it was induced to enter into it due to Broadley’s
misrepresentation.

Fraudulent misrepresentation

25 Jacky claimed that he had signed the Undertaking based on Roy’s
representation at the Second Meeting, that Broadley was to authorise Singbuild
to pay the Outstanding Sum to Alacran directly. Further, when Jacky informed
Roy that Broadley would remain liable to pay the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild
failed to do so, Roy did not say anything to contradict Jacky and thus he took
it that Roy had agreed to what he had said. In addition, the title of the
document which the parties signed was stated as an “Undertaking Letter”.
Acting in reliance of those representations made by Roy, Jacky signed the
Undertaking.

26 In Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001] 2 SLR(R)
435 at [14], the Court of Appeal set out the elements of the tort of deceit
(ie fraudulent misrepresentation) as follows:

… First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.
Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should be
acted upon by the plaintiff, or by a class of persons which includes the
plaintiff. Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the
false statement. Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage
by so doing. Fifth, the representation must be made with knowledge that it is
false; it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any
genuine belief that it is true.

The Court of Appeal further held (at [24]) that it was no defence that the
representee acted incautiously and failed to take steps to verify the truth of
the representations which a prudent man would have taken.

27 I have found that Roy had informed Jacky that Broadley would issue an
undertaking to authorise Singbuild to pay the Outstanding Sum directly to
Alacran, and that Jacky had made it clear to Roy that Alacran would look to
Broadley to pay if Singbuild did not. I first deal specifically with whether
Roy’s silence, when Jacky informed him that Alacran would look to Broadley to
discharge the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild did not pay, could amount to a
representation by Roy.

28 In Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve and another [2013] 3 SLR 801,
the Court of Appeal held at [65] that “mere silence, however morally wrong,
will not support an action of deceit”. The Court of Appeal also held that
there can be no misrepresentation by omission, although active concealment of
a particular state of affairs may amount to misrepresentation. In Trans-World
(Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder China (Singapore) [2003] 3 SLR(R) 501 at [66] and
[68] (“Trans-World”), Belinda Ang J held:

66 Misrepresentation by silence entails more than mere silence. A mere
silence, could not, of itself, constitute wilful conduct designed to deceive
or mislead. The misrepresentation of statements comes from a wilful
suppression of material and important facts thereby rendering the statements
untrue.

…

68 When silence … or a failure to speak is alleged to constitute misleading
conduct or deception, the proper approach to take is to assess the silence as
a circumstance like any other act or statement and in the context in which it
occurs. Hence, it is necessary to examine the silence with reference to the
charge that is made against the defendants.

[emphasis added]

29 Hence, silence or omission to inform the other side of pertinent facts may
constitute misrepresentation (Singapore Tourism Board v Children’s Media Ltd
and others [2008] 3 SLR(R) 981 at [46]), and where silence is relied upon, it
would normally be necessary to show that the silence was maintained in
circumstances where the court considered that the party in question should
have spoken (Hong Leong Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“Hong Leong”) at [194]). Although the pronouncement in
Hong Leong was made in the context of when silence may amount to a
representation in a claim in estoppel, I am of the view that it is equally
applicable in the present case concerning a claim in fraudulent
misrepresentation.

30 On the facts, I find that Roy’s conduct, taken together with the other
matters that transpired at the Second Meeting, amounted to a
misrepresentation. This was not a case where Roy was merely silent or had
simply omitted to mention to Jacky that the Undertaking was intended to
absolve Broadley from all liability to Alacran, whether or not Singbuild pays
Alacran. Neither was it a case in which Alacran had formed its own mistaken
belief and Broadley had merely passively acquiesced in or not disabused
Alacran of that disbelief (EA Apartments Pte Ltd v Tan Bek and others [2017] 3
SLR 559 at [29]–[30]). Here, Jacky had conveyed a positive statement to Roy
that Broadley would remain liable for the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild did not
pay Alacran. Having laid this in the open, Broadley should have refuted this
if it did not agree. Roy’s position was that the Undertaking would absolve
Broadley from all liability to Alacran if Singbuild were to assume full
responsibility and accept liability for the Outstanding Sum. This was
diametrically opposite to Jacky’s term. In the circumstances, Broadley was
obliged to inform Jacky that Alacran’s position was incorrect or that Broadley
did not agree with it. By remaining silent, Roy had misled Jacky, the way a
reasonable person in Jacky’s position would have been misled, by giving him
the false impression that Broadley agreed to what Jacky had stated. Roy had
thus wilfully suppressed a material fact which would have been important for
Alacran to know, having heard Alacran’s position on the matter.

31 It is clear that Jacky had acted upon Roy’s misrepresentation when he
signed the Undertaking because, as both parties agreed, the Undertaking was
meant to capture what was agreed at the Second Meeting. Although Jacky stated
in cross-examination that, in signing the Undertaking, he relied on some
things that Roy said and not on everything that he said, that was an
incomplete picture. Jacky’s explanation of what he had relied on (as
representation from Roy) was based on defence counsel’s question of what Roy
had said which Jacky relied on. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE, pp 30–31.

As Jacky explained in evidence-in-chief and in cross-examination, he had
signed the Undertaking on the assumption that since Roy said nothing more when
Jacky informed him that Broadley would remain liable for the Outstanding Sum
if Singbuild did not pay, that formed part of the parties’ agreement. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Jacky’s AEIC, paras 29 and 30; NE, pp 16–20.

In my view, if Jacky had not so assumed but had known that the Undertaking
absolved Broadley from liability to pay the Outstanding Sum even if Singbuild
failed to pay, he would not have signed the Undertaking.

32 I also find that the representations made by Roy (on Broadley’s behalf) was
intended to be acted upon by Alacran because Broadley was then owing Alacran a
substantial amount and it was in Broadley’s interest to find a way to pay
Alacran the Outstanding Sum. Jacky had made it clear to Roy that Alacran would
look to Broadley to discharge the Outstanding Sum if Singbuild did not pay,
and Roy must have known that if he had voiced his disagreement with that, then
Jacky would not have agreed to sign the Undertaking. He therefore chose to
remain silent, so that Jacky might sign the Undertaking thinking that Roy
agreed with his position.

33 In my judgment, Roy did not have an honest belief in the truth of his
proposal when he made it. If his intent was to assign to Singbuild Broadley’s
liability to pay Alacran the Outstanding Sum and to absolve Broadley
completely from the debt, he would have known that what he informed Jacky (ie
that Singbuild would merely be authorised to pay Alacran directly) was not
true. His real intent, namely that Singbuild would “assume full responsibility
and accept all liability” for the Outstanding Sum, was never revealed to Jacky
before he signed the Undertaking, and was not even expressly recorded in the
Undertaking. There was also no evidence that Singbuild agreed to assume such
liability. Roy could not even explain in cross-examination what the second
paragraph of the Undertaking was meant to achieve and what an “indemnity”
(mentioned in the last paragraph of the Undertaking) meant. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

NE, p 89.

This is despite that Broadley had drafted the Undertaking.

34 I would add that even if it could not be said that Jacky had relied on
Roy’s silence to his statement (that Broadley remained liable if Singbuild
defaulted), this did not change my finding that Roy had nevertheless
represented to Jacky that Broadley would authorise Singbuild to pay Alacran
the Outstanding Sum and that the parties agreed that what was orally agreed
would be encapsulated in the Undertaking. Even on this alone, I find that Roy
had made such representation deliberately, which he knew to be false, to
induce Jacky to sign the Undertaking. It was false because what Broadley
intended was to absolve itself from the debt owed to Alacran, and not merely
that Singbuild be authorised to release money directly to Alacran of the
Outstanding Sum that Broadley owed Alacran.

35 Finally, it is clear that Alacran had suffered damage by acting upon
Broadley’s representation. It had entered into the Undertaking, the effect of
which precluded Alacran from claiming from Broadley the Outstanding Sum even
if Singbuild failed to pay. As Singbuild was unable to pay Alacran, Alacran is
left without recourse based on the Undertaking. As such, I find that Alacran
had made out its claim in fraudulent misrepresentation.

36 Defence counsel cited the case of Peekay Intermark Ltd v Australia and New
Zealand Banking Group Ltd [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Law Rep 511 (“Peekay”) to state
that even if there was a misrepresentation, it was no longer actionable as it
would have been corrected by the clear and unambiguous terms of the
Undertaking; and stated that Peekay received judicial endorsement in Jurong
Shipyard Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas [2008] 4 SLR(R) 33 (“Jurong Shipyard”). This is
a misreading of Peekay and Jurong Shipyard. The Court of Appeal’s finding in
Peekay was based on the facts. The Court found (at [52] and [60]) that the
defendant bank had provided to the plaintiff a document which clearly set out
the nature of an investment product, but the plaintiff signed the document and
entered into the contract without reading the document, acting on his own
assumption that the investment product to which the document related
corresponded to a description that the bank had, on an earlier occasion,
provided to him. In other words, there was no misrepresentation from the
defendant that the plaintiff relied on. The High Court in Jurong Shipyard
observed the same when, in referring to Peekay, it stated (at [104]) that,
“[t]hus, in the absence of the normal vitiating factors such as duress, undue
influence and misrepresentation, P’s signature on the Risk Disclosure
Statement estopped the plaintiff from advancing arguments in contradiction of
the representations made therein” [emphasis mine]. The cases of Peekay and
Jurong Shipyard therefore do not assist Broadley.

37 As I have found that Alacran had entered into the Undertaking due to
Broadley’s fraudulent misrepresentation, Alacran has the right to rescind from
the Undertaking. It has exercised this right by bringing the present
proceedings. Hence, Broadley remains liable to Alacran for the outstanding
amount of $423,407.34.

Unilateral mistake

38 The doctrine of unilateral mistake has mainly been applied with respect to
contracts for sale of goods. However, I see no reason in principle why it
should also not apply to other types of contract such as that which is the
subject of the dispute in the present proceedings. In Chwee Kin Keong v
Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2005] 1 SLR(R) 502 at [34] and [53], the Court of
Appeal held that for a plea of unilateral mistake to succeed, it must be
proved that: (a) one party had made a mistake; (b) the mistake is a
sufficiently important or fundamental mistake as to a term; and (c) the non-
mistaken party has actual knowledge of the mistaken party’s mistake.

39 Hence, even if the Undertaking is not voidable pursuant to fraudulent
misrepresentation, it would be void due to Jacky’s unilateral mistake. Jacky
was mistaken that the Undertaking did not have the effect of absolving
Broadley from liability to pay the Outstanding Sum whether or not Singbuild
pays on Broadley’s behalf. This is a sufficiently important and fundamental
mistake. In my view, had Jacky known that the effect of the Undertaking was to
absolve Broadley from liability whether or not Singbuild pays on Broadley’s
behalf, he would not have executed it (see [31] above). Further, Roy had
actual knowledge of Jacky’s mistake, as Jacky’s position that Alacran would
still hold Broadley responsible for the debt if Singbuild fails to pay was
expressly made known to Roy, and the parties had signed the Undertaking on the
basis of their agreement at the Second Meeting.

Miscellaneous grounds

40 Alacran further claimed that the Undertaking was not a valid and binding
agreement due to the total failure of consideration by Broadley. This
erroneously conflates contractual consideration which is necessary for the
formation of a valid and binding contract, and consideration given by one
party of a contract in anticipation of the other party’s performance of
contractual obligations. In relation to the former, I have found (at [24]
above) that consideration was provided for Alacran’s entering into the
Undertaking, which was therefore a valid and binding agreement. In relation to
the latter, this was not addressed in Alacran’s closing submissions and I do
not intend to do so since I find that Alacran has succeeded in its claim on
other grounds.

41 Likewise, it is not necessary to further consider whether the Undertaking
was meant to represent the entire agreement between the parties (which in any
event, based on my above findings, would not have been so) and whether any
exceptions to s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) should apply to
contradict, vary, add to or subtract from the terms of the Undertaking.
Finally, as I find that as Alacran had proved its claim on misrepresentation
(and additionally in unilateral mistake), I need not deal with its plea of non
est factum. If I had to decide on this point, I would have found that it was
not made out.

Conclusion

42 In conclusion, I allow Alacran’s claim with costs. Broadley remains liable
to pay Alacran the Outstanding Sum of $423,407.34. As for the costs, I award
Alacran $15,000 with reasonable disbursements. In addition, I award $6,000
(inclusive of disbursements) for the summary judgment application taken out by
Alacran in this suit.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Ng Hwee Lon and Ipsen Low (Veritas Law Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Eugene Thuraisingam and Syazana Yahya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

