Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 206

Originating Summons No 149 of 2017

Between

Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Law Society of Singapore  
---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Extension of time]

[Administrative law] — [Judicial review] — [Application for leave]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario

  
v

  

Law Society of Singapore

[2017] SGHC 206

High Court — Originating Summons No 149 of 2017  
Woo Bih Li J  
5, 22 May 2017  

23 August 2017

Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 On 12 August 2016, the plaintiff, Zero Geraldo Mario Nalpon (“Mr Nalpon”)
wrote to the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) to complain about
the conduct of Thio Shen Yi, SC (“Mr Thio”) who had given a message in the
February 2016 issue of the Singapore Law Gazette (a publication of the Law
Society). Mr Thio was president of the Law Society then. His message was about
police conduct in the investigation of a report about an alleged molestation
of a girl by a 14-year old school boy (“the Student”). After the Student had
been interviewed at the principal’s office and then at a police division, he
was released on bail to his mother’s custody. However, tragically, he was
found dead at the foot of the block of flats where he and his parents lived, a
short while later on the same day as his release.

2 The Law Society appointed a Review Committee (“the RC”) on 4 October 2016.
On 31 October 2016, the RC issued its report and directed the Council to
dismiss the complaint.

3 On 15 February 2017, Mr Nalpon filed the present Originating Summons (“the
OS”) for various reliefs:

1\. That Leave be granted to extend the time for filing this application from
10th February 2017;

2\. That Leave be granted to the Plaintiff to apply for a Quashing Order
against the decision of the Review Committee No. 69 of 2016, constituted under
Section 85(6) of the Legal Profession Act which dismissed the Plaintiff’s
Complaints made against Mr Thio Shen Yi by way of the Plaintiff’s letter of
Complaint to the Law Society of Singapore dated 12th August 2016;

3\. That an Order be made that the Plaintiff’s Complaint against Mr Thio Shen
Yi dated 12th August 2016 be reheard by a freshly constituted Review
Committee; and

4\. Such further or other relief as this Honourable Court deems fit.

4 I heard the OS. Eventually, I dismissed it on 22 May 2017. Mr Nalpon has
filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal against my decision to dismiss the OS.

Chronology

5 I will now set out in some detail the chronology leading to the filing of
the OS.

6 On 25 January 2016, the Student allegedly molested a girl.

7 On 26 January 2016, police officers went in plainclothes to the Student’s
school. The Student was then brought to the principal’s office and was spoken
to in the presence of the police. I will elaborate later as to the number of
police officers involved as that was one of the main complaints of Mr Nalpon
about alleged falsehoods in Mr Thio’s message. Before the Student was brought
back to Ang Mo Kio (“AMK”) police division, the Student contacted his mother
to inform her of the police investigation. The police also spoke to his
mother.

8 While at AMK police division, the Student was interviewed by the police. He
was then released on bail and went home with his mother that afternoon. Later
that afternoon, he was found dead at the foot of their block of flats.

9 On 1 February 2016, the police released a statement. That statement stated
that:

… Police officers went to conduct enquiries at a school. To keep
investigations discreet, the officers went in plainclothes and in unmarked
cars. … [the Student] was brought to the Principal’s office by a school
official and was spoken with in the presence of a Police officer. Before he
was brought back to Ang Mo Kio Division, he contacted his mother to inform her
of the Police’s investigations. The Police officer also spoke to the mother.

While at Ang Mo Kio Division, he was interviewed by one Investigation Officer
at his workstation. … He was fully co-operative during the interview. He was
then released on bail and went back with his mother.

…

Police investigations have not been completed. A Coroner’s Inquiry will be
held upon the conclusion of investigations …

10 At around that time, the February 2016 issue of the Singapore Law Gazette
was published. The President’s Message from Mr Thio referred to this incident.
I set out below two parts of the message which Mr Nalpon referred to in his
complaint:

On 26th January 2016, five plain-clothes policemen visited his school and
spoke to him at the principal’s office.

…

The police could have considered a less intimidating way of approaching the
investigation.

11 In the 18 February 2016 issue of Today, which is an English-language daily
newspaper, there was an article on the incident written by a journalist called
Valerie Koh. I set out below two parts of that article which Mr Nalpon
referred to in his complaint:

The President of the Law Society of Singapore (LawSoc) has weighed in on the
debate sparked by the death of a 14-year-old boy after he had been taken in
for questioning, saying the police should have taken a “less intimidating way”
of approaching the investigation.

…

The teenager, a Secondary Three student, was picked up by five plainclothes
officers from his school on Jan 26. After about two hours at Ang Mo Kio Police
Division, he was brought home by his mother. Within two hours, he was found
dead at the foot of his Yishun block.

12 Subsequently, Today carried another article written by another journalist,
Siau Ming En, in its issue of 2 March 2016. I set out below two parts of that
article concerning the Minister for Law, M K Shanmugam (“the Law Minister”),
and Mr Thio which Mr Nalpon referred to in his complaint:

[The Minister for Law] also chided Senior Counsel Thio Shen Yi, president of
the Law Society of Singapore (LawSoc), for practically implying, in a
commentary published last month in LawSoc’s monthly newsletter, that [the
Student] killed himself because of police intimidation. Adding that it was
“surprising” that even a lawyer such as Mr Thio made “some comments which
should never have been made”, Mr Shanmugam said: “Mr Thio has a duty to be
fair to the police officers.”

…

Turning his attention to Mr Thio, Mr Shanmugam noted that the lawyer’s
commentary claimed that five police officers spoke to [the Student] and the
police should have behaved in a less intimidating way. These are false, Mr
Shanmugam said. He added that Mr Thio “seemed to make the assertion of
intimidation, based on his other statements, which are themselves false”. …

13 Mr Nalpon also said that Mr Thio was reported in that article to have said,
“There was no intention to imply that [the Student’s] tragic death was caused
by police intimidation”.

14 On 12 August 2016, Mr Nalpon made a written complaint to the Law Society.
His letter set out five complaints in relation to Mr Thio:

(a) acting in a manner unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer
of the Supreme Court and President of the Law Society of Singapore by making
false statements in the February 2016 Law Gazette on a case which was being
investigated by the police, in breach of s 67 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (R 1, Cap 161, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the 1st
Complaint”);

(b) acting in a manner unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer
of the Supreme Court and President of the Law Society of Singapore by making
false statements to the press or media on a case which was being investigated
by the police, in breach of s 67 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (“the 2nd Complaint”);

(c) acting in a manner unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer
of the Supreme Court and President of the Law Society of Singapore by making
comments in the February 2016 Law Gazette that may prejudice matters sub
judice in breach of paragraph 61 of the 2013 Law Society Practice Directions
and Rulings Guide (“the 3rd Complaint”);

(d) acting in a manner unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer
of the Supreme Court and President of the Law Society of Singapore by making
comments to the press or media that may prejudice matters sub judice in breach
of the PDR 2013, paragraph 61 (“the 4th Complaint”); and

(e) acting in a manner unbefitting of an Advocate and Solicitor as an officer
of the Supreme Court and President of the Law Society of Singapore by
questioning the intelligence of the Law Minister and his command of the
English Language by denying the clear meaning of his baseless comments (“the
5th Complaint”).

15 Although there were five complaints, they centred around three
publications:

(a) Mr Thio’s message in the February 2016 issue of the Singapore Law Gazette;

(b) The Today issue of 18 February 2016; and

(c) The Today issue of 2 March 2016.

I have already cited the relevant parts of each of these publications which Mr
Nalpon was raising.

16 Mr Thio’s message was the subject of the 1st and 3rd Complaints.

17 The Today issue of 18 February 2016 was the subject of the 2nd and 4th
Complaints.

18 The difference was that in respect of the Today article of 18 February
2016, Mr Thio was alleged to have made the statements to the press or media.

19 The Today issue of 2 March 2016 was the subject of the 5th Complaint. In
summary, Mr Nalpon was complaining that when Mr Thio responded to the Law
Minister’s comments and denied that he had any intention to imply that the
Student’s death was caused by police intimidation, Mr Thio was questioning the
Law Minister’s intelligence and understanding of the English Language as the
Law Minister had been reported to have commented that Mr Thio was implying
that the Student had killed himself because of police intimidation.

20 As mentioned above, an RC was constituted on 4 October 2016. The RC
eventually issued a report dated 31 October 2016 to direct the Council to
dismiss all his complaints (“the RC Report”).

21 The Law Society received the report on 7 November 2016 and sent a copy to
Mr Nalpon with a cover letter dated 8 November 2016.

22 Mr Nalpon eventually filed the OS on 15 February 2017 for various reliefs.
It was common ground that he was out of time as he had three months to do so
under O 53 r 1(6) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322 R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”)
from the date of the report. Even if the time began to run from the date he
received the report, he was still out of time.

23 The OS sought the reliefs in [3] above.

24 On 21 February 2017, WongPartnership, acting for the Law Society, filed a
Notice of Appointment of Solicitor. Presumably, this notice was served on Mr
Nalpon shortly thereafter.

25 At a pre-trial conference before Assistant Registrar James Lee (“the AR”)
on 6 March 2017, Mr Nalpon orally applied to the AR to direct WongPartnership
to withdraw that notice. Mr Nalpon submitted that the Law Society was not
entitled to be present or to be heard as the OS was an ex parte application.
This oral application was resisted by WongPartnership.

26 Eventually the AR declined to make the direction sought by Mr Nalpon as the
AR was of the view that the matter should be decided by the judge hearing the
OS.

27 Consequently, Mr Nalpon filed Registrar’s Appeal No 75 of 2017 against the
AR’s “decision” not to make that direction.

28 Both the appeal and the OS came to be heard before me on 5 May 2017. I
informed the parties that as the AR had not rendered a judicial decision,
there was no need for Mr Nalpon to have filed an appeal. Nevertheless, I
continued to hear Mr Nalpon’s objection to the Notice of Appointment of
Solicitor filed by WongPartnership.

29 Although the Law Society was not entitled to be heard on an ex parte
application, I was of the view that it could be heard on an opposed ex parte
basis. After hearing arguments, I allowed WongPartnership to attend at the
hearing of the OS. Mr Nalpon then sought an adjournment as he had just
received a written submission from WongPartnership. I granted an adjournment
and the OS was eventually fixed for hearing again on 22 May 2017. After
hearing arguments, I dismissed the OS.

The court’s reasons

Extension of time

30 The primary relief sought in the OS was for leave to apply for a Quashing
Order against the decision of the RC. Under O 53 r 1(6) of the ROC, an
application for leave to apply for a Quashing Order is to be made within three
months after the date of the proceeding. The RC’s report was dated 31 October
2016. Therefore, the OS should have been filed on or before 31 January 2017.

31 If I were to use the date of Mr Nalpon’s receipt of a copy of the RC Report
on 10 November 2016 as the relevant date from which time begins to run, the OS
for leave should have been filed on or before 10 February 2017.

32 It was filed on 15 February 2016 which was out of time. Hence, the OS also
had a prayer for extension of time to file the application.

33 Order 53 r 1(6) also states that leave “shall not be granted” unless the
delay beyond the three months period is “accounted for to the satisfaction of
the Judge to whom the application for leave is made”.

34 The Law Society submitted that in view of the express requirement that the
delay is to be accounted to the satisfaction of the judge hearing the
application for leave, such a requirement is even stricter than an application
to apply for leave to file an appeal out of time.

35 I was of the view that even if the said requirement was not stricter, it
was still for Mr Nalpon to account for the delay to my satisfaction. In
paragraphs three to five of his first supporting affidavit for the OS, he said
that after he had received a copy of the RC Report, he then sent a letter
dated 23 November 2016 to the Law Minister who had chided Mr Thio for making
false statements and unfounded allegations against the police. He received a
reply from the Ministry of Law on 12 December 2016. In the light of such
circumstances, Mr Nalpon said that he failed to note that the three months’
timeline in O 53 r 1(6) “had started to run from the date [he] received the
said Report”.

36 I elaborate that Mr Nalpon’s letter to the Minister was to inform the
Minister of the complaint he had made to the Law Society and of the decision
of the RC. He said in the letter that he wanted to give the Minister “the
opportunity to address this grave error by the Review Committee who refused to
find any cause for the Complaint to be further investigated”. The Ministry’s
reply was that it did not have jurisdiction over appeals on decisions by the
RC.

37 However, as the Law Society submitted, Mr Nalpon could not show how his
letter to the Minister and the Ministry’s reply had caused him to fail to note
the three months’ timeline in O 53 r 1(6).

38 I also noted that Mr Nalpon is a practising solicitor. Furthermore, this
was not his first application for judicial review. In the affidavit he filed
to support his appeal against AR James Lee’s “decision” not to direct the Law
Society’s solicitor to withdraw the Notice of Appointment of Solicitor, Mr
Nalpon mentioned, at paragraph 14, that he had applied for leave to apply for
judicial review in OS 308 of 2015 under O 53 r 1, which was “exactly the same
provision”, to use his own words.

39 In the circumstances, Mr Nalpon failed to account for the delay to my
satisfaction. For that reason alone, I would not have granted him an extension
of time to make his application.

Merits of the application

40 As for the substantive merits of Mr Nalpon’s application for leave to apply
for judicial review, the Law Society submitted initially that he was not
criticising the RC’s decision for illegality, irrationality or procedural
impropriety which are the established grounds for judicial review. His
grievance was that the RC’s decision was erroneous on the merits.

41 After receiving a copy of the Law Society’s written skeletal submissions,
Mr Nalpon then executed another affidavit on 22 May 2017 to say that he was
challenging the RC’s decision on the grounds that it was: (a) unlawful, (b)
biased and (c) irrational.

42 As I said in Deepak Sharma v Law Society of Singapore [2016] 4 SLR 192 at
[21]:

The test for granting leave to bring judicial review proceedings is well
settled. The court must be satisfied that (see Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v AG
[2014] 1 SLR 345 at [5]):

(a) The matter complained of is susceptible to judicial review.

(b) The plaintiff has a sufficient interest or standing in the matter.

(c) The material before the court discloses an arguable case or prima facie
case of reasonable suspicion in favour of granting the public law remedies
sought by the plaintiff.

43 The third limb of the test was the relevant one here.

44 Before I address the substantive complaints, I would mention that the RC
Report noted that Mr Nalpon had cited s 67 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (R1, Cap 161, 2010 Rev Ed) and paragraph 61 of
the PDR 2013 in his letter of complaint, but these provisions no longer
applied at the time of Mr Thio’s message and conduct. With effect from 18
November 2015, the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules 2015 (S
706/2015) (“the 2015 Rules”) were applicable. In the RC’s view, principle (a)
under r 8(1) of the 2015 rules was likely to be applicable. In Mr Nalpon’s
first supporting affidavit for his application, he said he was unaware that
the provisions he relied on had ceased to apply. However, he also suggested
that principle (b) under rule 8(1) of the 2015 Rules was applicable. I now
reproduce r 8(1) and principles (a) and (b) under that provision:

Conduct in relation to other persons

8.—(1) The following principles guide the interpretation of this rule.

Principles

(a) A legal practitioner who deals with any person must, regardless of whether
that person is involved in any matter with which the legal practitioner is
concerned, be honest and courteous, and behave in a manner befitting the legal
practitioner’s professional standing.

(b) A legal practitioner must behave in a manner consistent with the public
interest.

45 It may be that, strictly speaking, principle (a) does not apply as it
refers to a situation where a legal practitioner deals with another person.
However, it was not disputed that generally a legal practitioner should act
honestly and in a manner befitting his professional standing.

46 I will deal first with the 5th Complaint, ie, that Mr Thio had questioned
the intelligence of the Law Minister and his command of the English language
when Mr Thio disagreed with the comments of the Minister. The RC considered
this complaint to be “somewhat fatuous” and had no hesitation in dismissing
it. In my view, this complaint was quite clearly a non-starter. Mr Thio was
entitled to say that he had no intention to imply that the Student’s death was
caused by police intimidation even if the Minister took a different view that
that was Mr Thio’s implication. It was absurd to suggest that Mr Thio was
guilty of improper conduct just because he expressed a different view. There
was no basis to challenge the RC’s decision to reject this complaint.

47 I next address the 2nd and 4th Complaints in which Mr Thio is alleged to
have made false statements to the press or media (see [14]). These items of
complaint arose from the article mentioned in the Today newspaper as mentioned
above. The RC Report noted at paragraph 8 that there was no evidence that Mr
Thio had made the statements to the relevant reporter. It appeared that the
reporter had merely picked up on and quoted the statements found in the Law
Gazette. Mr Nalpon had conceded to the RC during their meeting with him on 24
October 2016 that he had no evidence that Mr Thio made the statements to the
reporter in question. Indeed, in Mr Nalpon’s supporting affidavits for his OS,
he still did not offer any evidence that Mr Thio had made the statements to
the reporter. Therefore, the RC did not err in any way in rejecting these two
complaints.

48 I come back to the 1st and 3rd Complaints (see [14] above). They relate to
the statements from Mr Thio’s message in the Law Gazette.

49 The crux of Mr Nalpon’s complaint was that Mr Thio’s statements were wrong
and therefore false. I have set out above the statements of Mr Thio which Mr
Nalpon had referred to. However, Mr Nalpon did not specify clearly which part
of the statements was wrong.

50 The first of the statements in question had two parts. The first part was
that five plain-clothes policemen visited the Student’s school. The second
part was that these five plain-clothes policemen spoke to the Student.

51 There was no evidence that the first part was wrong. There was some
evidence that the second part was wrong. This was because the police had
issued a statement to say that the Student was brought to the principal’s
office by a school official and was spoken with in the presence of “a” police
officer, ie, not five officers.

52 Furthermore, it was reported in the Today issue of 2 March 2016 that the
Law Minister had said that Mr Thio’s claim that five police officers had
spoken to the Student was false.

53 The RC Report said at para 7 that Mr Nalpon did not give the RC evidence
that this statement was false, apart from quoting what the Law Minister had
said as reported in the Today newspaper.

54 It seemed to me that the RC did err on this point. However, this was not an
error of law. The RC knew that there must be some evidence of misconduct.
However, the RC erred on the facts in appearing to require more evidence from
Mr Nalpon than what the Minister had said. The Minister’s statement that it
was false for Mr Thio to say that five police officers spoke to the Student
was itself evidence that Mr Thio had gotten his facts wrong, ie, that it was
not five police officers who were present in the principal’s office when the
Student was interviewed. Furthermore, the police statement was also evidence
that only one police officer was present then. Whether the Minister’s
statement and the police statement were sufficient to establish that Mr Thio’s
statement was wrong, if the matter were to go up to an Inquiry Committee or to
a Disciplinary Tribunal, was a different matter.

55 Mr Nalpon suggested that the RC was biased in disregarding the Minister’s
statement. While the RC had erred in not giving more weight to that statement,
I am of the view that this error alone does not suggest any bias whatsoever.

56 In so far as Mr Nalpon said at paragraph 36 of his second affidavit that
the RC had completely dismissed the official position of the Minister as
“lacking in substance” and his reliance on it as being “misconceived and
vexatious”, I am of the view that Mr Nalpon had quoted from the RC Report out
of context. The RC Report stated at paragraph 11 that the RC found his
complaints to lack substance and such complaints were misconceived and
vexatious. This was the last paragraph of the report and was a summary of its
general conclusion on all his complaints. It was not addressed to the
Minister’s statement specifically. As mentioned above, the RC appeared not to
have given enough weight to the Minister’s statement. However, that is quite
different from saying that the RC was of the view that the Minister’s
statement was “lacking in substance” or “was misconceived and vexatious” as
suggested by Mr Nalpon.

57 I also note that the RC did go on to consider the circumstances leading to
Mr Thio’s error, if indeed he had made an error. The RC noted (at paragraph 7
of the RC Report) that there was no evidence to show that Mr Thio had intended
to make a false statement or had known he was making a false statement or had
no reasonable grounds to believe that his statement was true.

58 Mr Nalpon said at paragraph 19 of his first supporting affidavit for the OS
that the onus was not on him as a complainant to produce evidence of Mr Thio’s
intention and knowledge and inferences would be drawn.

59 However, the point is that it is not sufficient to allege that a solicitor
said something wrong. I add that the use of the word “false” does not add much
in substance although the word “false” sounds more serious than “wrong” and
may give the incorrect impression that “false” necessarily implies an
intention to communicate falsehood or a lack of care about whether one is
telling the truth. Solicitors make mistakes and it cannot be that each time a
solicitor makes a wrong or false statement that the complaint must be referred
to an Inquiry Committee. Also, the mistake does not become more serious just
because a Minister says that the statement was “false”. There must be
something more. Mr Thio’s intention and knowledge, and the question whether he
had reasonable grounds to believe that his statement was true, were all
relevant factors for the RC to take into account.

60 If a complainant is not able to say what was exactly in the mind of a
solicitor when that solicitor made a false statement, he should point to
circumstances which may lead one to conclude that the solicitor intended to
make a false statement or that the solicitor knew he was making a false
statement or had no reasonable ground to make it. However, Mr Nalpon’s
complaint did not even allege that Mr Thio had deliberately intended to make a
false statement or knew he was making a false statement or that Mr Thio had no
reasonable ground to believe that his statement was true. In the
circumstances, all Mr Nalpon was saying in substance was that Mr Thio had made
a wrong statement although Mr Nalpon preferred to use the stronger sounding
adjective “false”. Accordingly, there was no error of law by the RC. Nor was
there any bias or irrationality.

61 The second statement of Mr Thio which Mr Nalpon complained of was that,
“The police could have considered a less intimidating way of approaching the
investigation”. Again, Mr Nalpon appeared to rely on the Minister’s statement,
as reported, that Mr Thio’s assertion of intimidation was false as it was
based on other false statements of Mr Thio. Other than that, Mr Nalpon did not
explain why this second statement was false.

62 The RC Report did not address this second statement specifically beyond
mentioning it as part of the statements Mr Nalpon was complaining about.

63 Looking at Mr Thio’s message in its entirety, it was clear to me that in
commenting that a less intimidating approach should have been taken, he was
not relying solely on the assumption that five police officers were present at
the interview. He mentioned other factors like the fact that the Student had
been taken back to AMK police division during school hours. Furthermore, Mr
Thio was merely expressing his opinion. While one could argue that Mr Thio
should have been more careful in stating his opinion, that is not the point.

64 There was no suggestion even by Mr Nalpon that Mr Thio was deliberately or
recklessly making a comment without basis. In the circumstances, there was no
reasonable suspicion in favour of granting Mr Nalpon’s remedy of quashing the
RC’s decision.

65 As for the 3rd Complaint, ie, that Mr Thio’s statements may prejudice
matters sub judice, Mr Nalpon’s point was that the cause of the Student’s
death was the subject of a pending Coroner’s Inquiry.

66 The RC Report said at paragraph 9 that Mr Thio’s message was not meant to
discuss the cause of death but was a review of police investigation procedures
when dealing with vulnerable suspects. Indeed Mr Thio did say in his message,
“Why did he jump? Could his death have been prevented? We can never know for
certain”.

67 I agreed with the RC that Mr Thio’s statement about a less intimidating way
of approaching an investigation was not an attempt to say what had caused the
Student to jump. It was an attempt to address a wider issue, ie, police
investigations involving vulnerable suspects. As a solicitor and as President
of the Law Society, Mr Thio’s message was not gratuitous. It may be that
others may think that Mr Thio was implying that the Student’s death was caused
by police intimidation but that was not the focus of the message. He was quite
clearly not trying to suggest the cause of death.

68 In so far as the RC Report also stated at paragraph 9 that neither a Review
Committee nor an Inquiry Committee is the proper forum to determine whether
the statements complained of may prejudice court proceedings, I am of the view
that that is too wide a statement and might therefore have constituted an
error of law so as to amount to illegality. However it was only one of the
reasons mentioned by the RC for its decision. As mentioned above, the RC did
conclude that Mr Thio’s message was not meant to discuss the cause of death.

69 In the circumstances, I was of the view that Mr Nalpon had not established
his case for his application in respect of the 3rd Complaint.

70 Accordingly, I dismissed the OS.

Woo Bih Li  
Judge

Plaintiff in person;

Andre Maniam, SC and Koh Jia Wen (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

