Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 1

Suit No 875 of 2010

Between

Nordic International Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Morten Innhaug  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Companies] — [Directors] — [Duties]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nordic International Ltd

  
v

  
Morten

Innhaug

[2017] SGHC 1

High Court — Suit No 875 of 2010  
Steven Chong J  

4 January 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 The parties to this action have been embroiled in litigation against each
other over the last seven years. The dispute can be traced to a joint venture
between two shareholders which went really badly, almost from the word “go”.
This case is a derivative action brought by one shareholder of the company
against a director – the other shareholder – alleging that he breached his
fiduciary duties to the company by procuring an “assignment” of a charterparty
to a company he substantially owned, on terms enabling him to make a profit.
Besides seeking to make the director account for the profit he has made, the
company seeks to hold him liable for the loss of charter hire to the company.

However, the aggrieved shareholder has itself commenced another derivative
action by way of an arbitration on behalf of the company against the original
charterer for loss of the charter hire. If the original charterer is found
liable to pay the charter hire, then it may be that the director’s alleged
breach has not caused any loss of charter hire to the company. The present
suit was bifurcated and the hearing before me dealt only with the question of
the director’s liability for breach of duty. One of the issues which hence
arises is whether, assuming the director is found to have breached his duties,
the court should grant a declaration to that effect if the loss arising from
that breach might not have crystallised as yet given the pending status of the
arbitration proceedings. Would the loss of the charter hire only crystallise
if the company fails to recover the outstanding charter hire in the
arbitration against the original charterer, or is breach of director’s duties
actionable per se?

Background

The joint venture

2 The defendant, Mr Morten Innhaug (“Morten”), incorporated the plaintiff,
Nordic International Limited (“Nordic International”) in the British Virgin
Islands on 16 January 2007 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement Of Claim (“SOC”) at para 1

to purchase a fishing trawler which would be converted and equipped to operate
as a seismic survey vessel (“the Vessel”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Affidavit of Evidence-In-Chief (“AEIC”) of Morten Innhaug at para 5

Morten was then Nordic International’s sole shareholder and first director. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

SOC at para 2

3 Nordic Maritime Pte Ltd (“Nordic Maritime”), of which Morten was a director
and shareholder, was appointed to be the manager of the Vessel pursuant to a
ship management agreement dated 1 January 2007 between Nordic Maritime and
Nordic International. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC at para 2

4 Sinwa Limited, a company incorporated in Singapore, was approached to invest
in this venture. This led to a shareholder’s agreement dated 4 July 2007
between Sinwa Limited and Morten, pursuant to which each party would own 50
percent of Nordic International’s shares. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

SOC at para 3; Agreed Bundle of Documents, Vol 1 (“1 AB”) 165–193

Sinwa Limited’s rights were later novated to Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd (“Sinwa”), a
company incorporated in Hong Kong, by a novation agreement dated 28 August
2007. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

SOC at para 3(b); 1 AB 215–221

5 Sinwa exercised its right under the shareholder’s agreement to nominate Mr
Sim Yong Teng (“Mike Sim”) and Ms Tan Lay Ling (“Lay Ling”) as directors of
Nordic International (“the Sinwa directors”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

SOC at para 3

Morten nominated himself and Mr Kjell Gaukshiem (“Kjell”) as directors. The
four of them made up the board of Nordic International at all material times.

6 Sinwa was brought in to finance the joint venture, in particular, to procure
financing from the banks for the retrofitting of the Vessel. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 9

Pursuant to the shareholder’s agreement, Sinwa injected US$2m working capital
into Nordic International, of which US$25,000 was used to purchase its 50
percent shareholding. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 17

In September 2007, it guaranteed a term loan of US$16m that Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation (“OCBC”) had extended to Nordic International. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

1 AB 222

The loan was used to finance the conversion of the Vessel. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 19

7 At the time of the shareholder’s agreement, Morten had already secured a
charterparty dated 8 June 2007 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

1 AB 154–164

(“the Time Charter”) to charter the Vessel to a company, BGP Geoexplorer Pte
Ltd (“BGP”) for a minimum period of three years at a very lucrative rate of
US$37,000 per day (which worked out to be about US$1m per month). BGP had in
turn contracted, in December 2006, to provide seismic survey services to a US
company named TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company SA (“TGS”). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC at para 1(c); 1 AB 1–82

BGP intended to use the Vessel to fulfil its obligation in the provision of
seismic survey services to TGS under the seismic services agreement.

8 From Sinwa’s perspective, given that the Time Charter had already been
signed prior to its participation and hence, the source of a very attractive
stream of income had already been secured, its investment in Nordic
International was viewed as a sound business deal 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 15

and a no-brainer – so it thought.

The purported assignment of the Time Charter and seismic services agreement

9 Shortly after the commencement of the Time Charter, due to problems in the
operation of the Vessel and a downturn in the market, 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 43

BGP indicated its wish to Morten, in August 2008, to “cancel” the Time
Charter. Morten understood BGP to mean that it wanted to “get out” of having
to perform the Time Charter. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 44

10 Morten then entered into discussions with BGP and TGS with a view to
“assign” BGP’s rights and obligations under the Time Charter and the seismic
services agreement to Nordic Maritime. This was done without the prior
knowledge or consent of the board of directors. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 56, lines 16–18

11 In an email from Morten to BGP dated 19 August 2008 (copied only to Kjell),
Morten noted that BGP had already invested about US$2m to US$2.5m in the
project. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2 AB 367

He continued:

We think that if we could agree a compensation to BGP in the amount that we
have discussed above we could get acceptance from the board of Nordic
International Limited (Owners of BGP Atlas) to cancel the TC Contract and that
we subsequently transfer the operation of the vessel to Nordic Maritime Pte
Ltd.

It is also understood that a part of the cancelation agreement will be that:
1) BGP assign the Seismic contract with [TGS] to Nordic …

[emphasis added]

12 Morten clarified during the trial that by “we” he was referring to both
Nordic International and Nordic Maritime. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 28, lines 14–19; p 29, lines 9–14

Since he was “in all the Nordic companies”, he was purportedly “talking on
behalf of the group”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 28, lines 19–20

It was, however, strictly incorrect of Morten to refer to the "group" since
Sinwa has no interest in the Nordic companies apart from Nordic International.

13 BGP indicated its in-principle agreement to this proposal on 20 August
2008. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

2 AB 366

14 BGP thereafter negotiated with TGS and obtained its agreement to assign the
seismic services agreement either to Nordic Maritime or to a company to be
incorporated by Morten. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 46

15 BGP and TGS then prepared a tripartite Memorandum of Agreement (“MOA”) 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 41, lines 2–4

which was eventually signed on 23 August 2008 by BGP, Nordic Maritime and TGS.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2 AB 373

It is not insignificant that in the original draft MOA, Nordic International
was also supposed to be a party. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2 AB 372

It was obviously sensible to include Nordic International, the very party who
had chartered the Vessel to BGP. Morten was not able to explain why Nordic
International was eventually excluded as a party but it appears that its
eventual exclusion from the MOA was probably a recognition by Morten, BGP and
TGS that Nordic International might either disagree or raise objections to it.
This is explained at [65] below.

16 The material terms of the MOA were as follows:

(a) BGP would “transfer and assign all rights and obligations” under the Time
Charter and the seismic services agreement to Nordic Maritime.

(b) BGP would be “relieved and released of the obligations under the Time
Charter” and the seismic services agreement.

(c) The parties to the seismic services agreement would be Nordic Maritime and
TGS.

(d) The daily rate payable by TGS to Nordic Maritime for the provision of
seismic services would be US$52,500. This was US$5,000 more than the daily
rate paid by TGS to BGP, which was US$47,500 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 49

17 Given that the charter hire payable to Nordic International remained fixed
at US$37,000, following the assignment, Nordic Maritime stood to make
US$15,500 a day, which was US$5,000 per day more than BGP did, from the
assignments of both the Time Charter and the seismic services agreement.

18 The purported assignment of the Time Charter was made by way of a “Notice
of Assignment of Time Charter Party” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2 AB 403

dated 22 September 2008 from BGP to Nordic Geo-Services Ltd (“NGS”), a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Nordic Maritime, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

SOC at para 10

which Morten had incorporated on 10 September 2008 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 57, line 21

to take over the Time Charter and the seismic services agreement from BGP. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 54

19 The material terms were as follows:

(a) BGP would assign all its “rights, interest and benefit in and under the
Time Charter” to NGS.

(b) Pursuant to clause 17(a) of the Time Charter, BGP would “remain liable to
[Nordic International] to perform all [its] obligations and liabilities under
the Time Charter”.

(c) NGS would be “liable to pay to [BGP], any and all charter hires and any
other monies payable by [BGP]… to [Nordic International] under the Time
Charter”.

20 NGS acknowledged the assignment by a letter of the same date signed by
Morten in his capacity as its CEO. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

SOC at para 10(a); 2 AB 403–404

The legal nature of the MOA and Notice of Assignment

21 Before going further, it is perhaps useful to first understand the true
legal nature of the MOA and the Notice of Assignment.

22 There are two “assignments” in question here – one in relation to the Time
Charter, the other in relation to the seismic services agreement. On the face
of the two assignments, they appear to contradict each other. Under the MOA,
BGP was purportedly “relieved and released of the obligations under the Time
Charter” while under the Notice of Assignment, BGP would “remain liable to
[Nordic International] to perform all [its] obligations and liabilities under
the Time Charter”.

23 In my view, it is a misnomer to describe the Notice of Assignment as an
“assignment” of the Time Charter. It is incontrovertible that only the
benefits of a contract can be assigned, not the burdens. It was Nordic
International who, under the Time Charter, had the right to receive payment of
the charter hire from BGP. Hence, if there is any assignment of the Time
Charter to speak of, it would be by Nordic International and not BGP to begin
with. Nordic International was, however, neither a party to the MOA nor the
Notice of Assignment.

24 BGP did, however, have the option, under clause 17(a) of the Time Charter,
of “subletting, assigning or loaning the Vessel to any person or company” not
competing with [Nordic International], subject to [Nordic International’s]
prior approval "which shall not be unreasonably withheld, upon giving notice
in writing to [Nordic International]” (emphasis added). This was provided that
BGP remained liable “for the performance of the [Time Charter]” to Nordic
International. So what BGP had was the right to assign its use of the vessel,
not the Time Charter itself; the property, not the chose in action. As
Morten’s email to BGP indicated (see [11]), BGP was transferring the operation
of the Vessel to Nordic Maritime.

25 As for the seismic services agreement, BGP did assign to NGS its right to
receive the seismic services fees from TGS. That was an assignment of a chose
in action. The Notice of Assignment stated that its validity would be governed
by the laws of the United Kingdom. Both parties referred me to s 136(1) of the
English Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20) 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 61, Defendant’s Submissions at para 102

which is in pari materia with s 4(8) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed). Under these provisions, express notice in writing must be given to the
“debtor…from whom the assignor would have been entitled to receive or claim
[the] debt or chose in action”. BGP is the assignor while TGS is the debtor.
The Notice of Assignment was, however, addressed from BGP to NGS, not to TGS.
The MOA, on the other hand, was signed both by BGP and TGS. It may well be
that only the MOA, and not the Notice of Assignment constituted the
statutorily required “express notice in writing” to the debtor (TGS). That,
however, is not a matter I have to decide. I am not, for the purposes of this
case, concerned with the validity of any of these “assignments”. Instead, I am
only concerned with whether Morten’s structuring of these arrangements was in
breach of his duties as a director of Nordic International.

26 Since both parties have consistently used the term “assignment” in their
pleadings and submissions, this judgment will continue to use “assignment” to
refer to the arrangement involving BGP’s purported “assignment” of the Time
Charter as well as the benefit of the seismic services agreement to NGS,
subject to the caveats about the use of this descriptive term as mentioned
above.

27 The net effect of the two purported assignments is that BGP was taken out
of the equation vis-à-vis TGS but remained liable to Nordic International for
the charter hire under a rather convoluted arrangement. This arrangement has
since become a source of dispute between Nordic International and BGP (see
[35(d)]).

The reaction of Nordic International to the purported assignments

28 According to Nordic International, the purported assignment of the Time
Charter was made by way of the Notice of Assignment dated 22 September 2008,
and Morten did not inform it of the purported assignment before it was
executed. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

SOC at paras 10(a)–(b)

29 The Sinwa directors first had an inkling of the assignment on 9 September
2008 when Kjell informed them by email that “Nordic” would be taking over the
seismic operation of the Vessel and would be “dealing direct” with TGS “for
the overall operation of the vessel”. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 33; 2 AB 385

Mike Sim and Lay Ling both sought clarification from him. In reply to Mike
Sim’s query on whether “Nordic” referred to Nordic International or Nordic
Maritime, Kjell answered that it was the latter, but assured Mike Sim that
there would be “no financial implications” for Nordic International. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1 AB 387

Similarly, Kjell told Lay Ling that there would be no changes to the Time
Charter. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

1 AB 388

30 Morten’s position is that the MOA only constituted an agreement to assign,
and that the actual assignment was effected by the exchange of letters between
BGP and NGS on 22 September 2008. Therefore, Morten claims that Kjell’s email
of 9 September 2008 to Mike Sim and Lay Ling constituted notice of the
assignment before it was executed. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at paras 56–57

This submission is of no legal consequence in any event since, as I have
observed at [25] above, there was never any valid assignment of the Time
Charter to begin with. Therefore strictly speaking, whether the requisite
“notice” was given does not arise.

31 Notwithstanding the dispute over the actual date of the assignment, it is
undisputed that Morten did not involve the Sinwa directors in the discussions
with BGP over the purported assignment. Morten ostensibly justified this
approach on the basis that so long as he had taken steps to ensure that Nordic
International was not any worse off from the assignment, there was no
necessity to involve them in the discussions. His aim was to maintain a good
commercial relationship with BGP given that the seismic services industry was
a niche market with very few players. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 47

He did not think Nordic International had any reason to withhold approval of
the assignment since there was to be no change in the terms of the Time
Charter. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at paras 50 and 52

In his mind, he was concerned that if the Sinwa directors were consulted, it
might scuttle the whole assignment arrangement. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 52, lines 16–19

32 Sinwa wrote to Morten on 23 October 2008 to place on record its objections
to the purported assignment. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2 AB 433

Sinwa alleged that Morten had “allowed” an assignment of the Time Charter and
had, in doing so, breached Clause 8.1 of the shareholder’s agreement, which
provided that decisions on all matters other than those relating to the
technical operations and management of the Vessel had to be made with the
unanimous agreement of both parties. Sinwa further alleged that Morten
compounded the breach of the shareholder’s agreement by allowing the
assignment of the Time Charter to a “related and interested party which
raise[d] a conflict of interest issue”.

The termination of the Seismic Services Agreement

33 Unfortunately, subsequent events were contrary to Morten’s expectations.

34 TGS was dissatisfied with the physical condition of the Vessel and alleged
that the Vessel was unfit for seismic operations. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2 AB 583

On 19 December 2008, TGS sent Nordic Maritime a notice of termination of the
seismic services agreement. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2 AB 559

The termination was with effect from 30 December 2008. Nordic International
found itself in a very unsatisfactory situation where its projected flow of
monthly charter hire in excess of US$1m came to an abrupt halt. The Vessel was
laid up from 19 December 2008 until sometime in December 2009 when it was
employed in some ad hoc projects. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AEIC of Mike Sim at para 110; AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 86

Apart from those ad hoc projects, the Vessel has not been gainfully employed
ever since. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Minute Sheet (25 July 2016) at p 1

Morten testified that Nordic Maritime continued to pay the operating costs of
the Vessel even after it was laid up – this amounted to some $50,000 every
month. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 125, line 8–18

The outstanding charter hire

35 Following the purported assignment of the Time Charter, NGS paid Nordic
International the charter hire for the months of August 2008 to December 2008.
It was Nordic Maritime who prepared all the invoices on behalf of Nordic
International. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 69, lines 10–12

(a) On 2 September 2008, Nordic International invoiced NGS for charter hire in
the sum of US$1,266,399 for the period 27 August to 30 September 2008. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2 AB 384

Nordic International issued a credit note for US$530,302.50 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2 AB 405

for charter hire downtime. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 73, lines 14–17

On 17 October 2008, NGS paid Nordic International the balance sum of
US$736,096.50. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 76(a); 2 AB 406

(b) On 1 October 2008, Nordic International invoiced NGS for charter hire in
the sum of US$1,147,000 for the period 1 to 31 October 2008. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 76(b); 2 AB 407

Nordic International issued a credit note for US$43,706.25 for charter hire
downtime. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

2 AB 441

On 12 November 2008, NGS paid Nordic International the balance sum of
US$1,103,293.75. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

2 AB 442

(c) On 10 November 2008, Nordic International invoiced NGS for charter hire in
the sum of US$1,110,000 for the period 1 to 30 November 2008. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

2 AB 551

Nordic International issued a credit note for US$271,539.92 for charter hire
downtime. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

2 AB 481

On 19 December 2008, NGS paid Nordic International the balance sum of
US$838,460.08. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 76(c); 2 AB 482

(d) On 15 December 2008, Nordic International invoiced NGS for US$1,147,000
for the period 1 to 31 December 2008. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

2 AB 537

Nordic International issued a credit note for US$434,743.83 for charter hire
downtime. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

2 AB 566

On 3 February 2009, NGS paid Nordic International the balance sum of
US$712,256.17. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

3 AB 581

36 By a letter dated 31 December 2008, Morten, in his capacity as CEO of
Nordic Maritime informed BGP that following TGS’s termination of the seismic
services agreement with effect from 30 December 2008, the Time Charter between
BGP and Nordic International was “reinstated effective 31 December 2008”, with
the result that BGP would henceforth be liable for the charter hire. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

2 AB 572

By a letter dated 2 February 2009, BGP objected to the purported
“reinstatement” of the Time Charter. It took the view that following the
signing of the MOA, it did not have any obligations under the Time Charter or
the seismic services agreement. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

3 AB 614

37 By two letters dated 25 March 2009 and 7 April 2009, Nordic International
informed BGP that it had yet to pay the charter hire for January and February
2009. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

3 AB 599

On 22 April 2009, BGP replied through its solicitors that the Time Charter had
been novated to Nordic Maritime pursuant to the MOA “executed by Nordic
[Maritime] for and on behalf of itself and [TGS], and [BGP]”. Consequently,
BGP no longer owed any obligations under the Time Charter to Nordic
International. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

3 AB 607–608

38 Nordic International thereafter commenced arbitration against BGP by way of
a notice of arbitration dated 2 September 2009, claiming the unpaid charter
hire as at 31 August 2009 (which amounted to US$10,098,868.97). 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

3 AB 711

But even before Nordic International did so, Morten’s counsel had written to
Nordic International’s counsel on 25 June 2009 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

3 AB 635

informing them they had no authority to commence the arbitration against BGP
on Nordic International’s behalf without Morten’s consent, since, according to
the shareholder’s agreement, the commencement of legal proceedings against BGP
was a matter to be decided solely by the directors appointed by Morten.

Procedural history

Originating Summons No 960 of 2009

39 On 25 August 2009, Sinwa filed Originating Summons No 960 of 2009 to
commence this derivative action on behalf of Nordic International against
Morten for breach of fiduciary duties. Before the High Court, Sinwa alleged
that Morten had breached his duties in twelve distinct aspects (see Sinwa SS
(HK) Co Ltd v Morten Innhaug [2010] 4 SLR 1 (“Sinwa (OS 960)”) at [11]). The
High Court dismissed its application.

40 The Court of Appeal allowed Sinwa’s appeal (in Civil Appeal No 5 of 2010)
but only to a limited extent. Its order of court dated 27 September 2010 only
granted leave to Sinwa to commence a derivative action against Morten’s
alleged breaches of his directors’ duties in: 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

4 AB 949–952

a. Procuring a purported assignment of a lucrative time-charter party entered
into between [Nordic International] and [BGP] to a company owned and
controlled by [Morten], namely [NGS], in which at all material times, [Morten]
was the controlling mind and alter ego and failing and/or refusing to give
notice of such intentions and/or the purported assignment to fellow
shareholders/directors;

b. Withholding payment or causing the withholding of charter hire to [Nordic
International] by reason of the purported assignment to [NGS] for the total
sum of USD6,697,000 being charter hire under the time charter party for the
periods from January 2009 to June 2009 thereby exposing [Nordic International]
to serious cash flow problems;

c. Profiting or intending to profit from the sale of the vessel after the
completion of the 3 year charter period at the discounted amount of
US$5,000,000 being the price [Morten] would pay for the Vessel in the event
the purchase option in clause 40 of the Time Charter was exercised by [NGS].

Clause 40 of the Time Charter, which was referred to in relation to the third
alleged breach, granted the charterer the option to purchase the Vessel with
equipment at US$5m after completion of the three-year charter period.

41 It is clear that the leave granted by the Court of Appeal is limited to
breaches of Morten’s duties as a director in relation to the procurement of
the purported assignment of the Time Charter. Some six years later, the trial
of the derivative action finally came before me for hearing. In the interim
period between the leave application and the eventual hearing of this trial,
the parties were immersed in numerous related legal proceedings between them.
It is only necessary to mention three such proceedings as they each have a
bearing on the issues in this case.

Originating Summons No 22 of 2010

42 First, on 7 January 2010, Morten applied to court, in Originating Summons
No 22 of 2010 (“OS 22”), for a determination of the meaning of cl 8.1 of the
shareholders’ agreement. He argued that the assignment of the Time Charter and
the commencement of arbitration against BGP were matters relating to the
operations and management of the vessel (cl 8.1.1) and thus that the directors
he had appointed (himself or Kjell) could decide on matters without consulting
the Sinwa directors. The court dismissed his application, holding that
pursuant to cl 8.1, all the directors had to come to a unanimous decision both
on the assignment and on the appointment of lawyers to pursue Nordic
International’s claim against BGP (see Morten Innhaug v Sinwa SS (HK) Co Ltd
and others [2011] SGHC 20 (“Innhaug (OS 22)”) at [44]).

43 Following this court’s decision in OS 22 on 24 January 2011, BGP filed a
court application in August 2011 (Originating Summons 650 of 2011) for a
declaration that the arbitrator had no jurisdiction to hear the claim brought
by Nordic International against it. BGP relied on the fact that Morten did not
agree to the arbitration commenced by Nordic International. BGP’s application
was successful and the arbitration was discontinued. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at paras 94–95

44 When the matter was eventually raised at a board meeting on 24 October
2011, Morten and Kjell voted against the commencement of arbitration against
BGP. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

4 AB 1038

Morten explained on the stand that he did so because “the purpose of the
meeting was to create a deadlock”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 114, lines 12–17

The shareholder’s agreement contained a deadlock clause (cl 11) which provides
that if there is no agreement by the board of Nordic International on a matter
requiring unanimous approval, and if no resolution can be reached even after
referring the matter to the shareholders, then Morten may serve a notice on
Sinwa requiring it to sell its shares to him.

SIAC No 4 of 2012

45 Second, on 9 January 2012, Morten commenced arbitration against Sinwa under
the rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre. He invoked the
“deadlock” clause and sought to buy out Sinwa’s shares in Nordic
International. On 1 October 2013, the arbitrator issued a partial award
ordering Sinwa to sell its shares to Morten at a price to be assessed. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

4 AB 1088–1089

The parties have been unable to agree on the appropriate valuation
methodology. Notwithstanding this lack of agreement, no application was filed
to stay the present suit.

Suit No 1166 of 2013

46 Third, Sinwa sought leave of court in Suit No 1166 of 2013 to commence
arbitration proceedings on behalf of Nordic International against BGP for the
outstanding charter hire due under the Time Charter. That also took a somewhat
tortuous route. Leave was eventually granted by consent on 18 December 2014.
Morten was agreeable to Sinwa pursuing the claim against BGP in the name of
Nordic International so long as Sinwa bore the costs of doing so (subject to
its right to be indemnified for those costs out of any sums it could recover
from BGP on behalf of Nordic International).

47 However, the arbitration has not progressed beyond service of the notice of
arbitration due to disagreement over the composition of the arbitral tribunal.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AEIC of Morten Innhaug at para 98

As a result, the arbitration against BGP for the outstanding charter hire is
still pending.

Issues

48 The issues for determination are, broadly speaking, as follows:

(a) Did Morten breach his fiduciary duties to Nordic International?

(b) If Morten breached his fiduciary duties, should he be relieved from
liability for having acted “honestly and reasonably” within the meaning of s
391 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)?

(c) Did Nordic International consent to or ratify the breach of duty?

(d) What relief should the court grant?

Did Morten breach his fiduciary duties to Nordic International?

49 It is not disputed that Morten owes fiduciary duties to Nordic
International in his capacity as director. It is equally not in dispute that
those duties, insofar as they are relevant in this case, are:

(a) the duty to act bona fide in the best interests of Nordic International;

(b) the duty not to place himself in a position of conflict;

(c) the duty not to make a profit out of his position without Nordic
International’s consent;

(d) the duty not to enter into any self-dealing transaction.

50 Although, the above duties are discretely pleaded, in reality, there is
considerable overlap. The parties are however poles apart as to whether Morten
was in breach of any of the above duties.

Applicable legal principles

51 A director has the duty to act bona fide – which means to act honestly – in
the best interests of the company (see Walter Woon on Company Law (Tan Cheng
Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Revised 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Walter Woon on Company
Law”) at para 8.10). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 14

A court would be slow to interfere with commercial decisions of directors
which have been honestly made even if they turned out to be financially
detrimental, but this does not mean the court would stop short of interfering
as long as the directors claim to be genuinely acting to promote the company’s
interests (see Ho Kang Peng v Scintronix Corp Ltd (formerly known as TTL
Holdings Ltd) [2014] 3 SLR 329 (“Scintronix”) at [37]–[38]).

52 The no-conflict rule obliges a director, as a fiduciary, to avoid any
situation where his personal interest conflicts with or may conflict with that
of the company whose interest he is bound to protect, such that there is a
risk he may prefer his interest over that of the company’s. The rule is
strict: where a director is found to have placed himself in a position of
conflict of interest, he will not be permitted to assert that his action was
bona fide or thought to be in the interests of the company (Walter Woon on
Company Law at para 8.44, citing Howard Smith Ltd v Ampol Petroleum Ltd [1974]
AC 821 at 834). A director can be in breach of the rule even though his or her
own conduct has caused no loss to the company (Company Directors: Duties,
Liabilities, and Remedies (Simon Mortimore ed) (Oxford University Press, 2009)
at para 14.11, citing Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver [1967] 2 AC 134 (“Regal
(Hastings)”) at 134, 153)

53 The no-profit rule obliges a director not to retain any profit which he has
made through the use of the company’s property, information or opportunities
to which he has access by virtue of being a director, without the fully
informed consent of the company. The rule is again a strict one and liability
to account arises simply because profits are made (see Regal (Hastings) at
144).

54 The rule against self-dealing prohibits a director from entering, on behalf
of the company, into an arrangement or transaction with himself or with a
company or firm in which he is interested (see Tan Hup Thye v Refco
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (in members’ voluntary liquidation) [2010] 3 SLR 1069 at
[29]). There is “self-dealing” because the director essentially acts on behalf
of both parties in such a transaction.

55 It can be seen that there is indeed overlap between the no-conflict rule,
no-profit rule, and rule against self-dealing. A director who enters into a
self-dealing transaction would inevitably be in a position of conflict and, if
a profit is made, would be in breach of the duty not to make a profit out of
his position. For that reason, the no-profit rule and rule against self-
dealing have been described as particular instances of the broader duty of a
director not to place himself in a position of conflict (see Walter Woon on
Company Law at para 8.45). 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 73

In turn, there is overlap between the no-conflict rule and a director’s duty
to act in the best interests of the company, “for when a director makes his
interests paramount, invariably he will not be acting in the best interests of
his company” (Walter Woon on Company Law at para 8.39).

Application to the facts

56 To recap, the Court of Appeal granted Sinwa leave to pursue a derivative
action against Morten in respect of only three purported breaches of fiduciary
duties: (a) procuring the purported assignment of the Time Charter; (b)
withholding payment or causing the withholding of charter hire to Nordic
International; and (c) profiting or intending to profit from the sale of the
Vessel after the completion of the 3-year charter period.

57 In my judgment, Morten breached his fiduciary duties to Nordic
International on all three counts.

Procuring the purported assignment of the Time Charter

(1) Did Morten “procure” the purported assignment?

58 There is first a preliminary issue to consider. Morten argues that because
it was BGP, and not he, who initiated the purported assignment, it cannot be
said that he procured it. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 38

Nordic’s response is that the identity of the party who initiated the
negotiations is irrelevant; to “procure” is to “bring about” and Morten
clearly brought about the purported assignment. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 6–7

In support of this, Counsel for Nordic International, Mr Anthony Soh, relies
on the dicta in Tan Hock Keng v L & M Group Investments Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R)
672 at [28]. In that case, the Court of Appeal was concerned with the
contractual interpretation of the obligation “to procure”. It held that the
correct meaning depended on the context of the entire document and went on to
adopt the dictionary meaning as ascribed in the Shorter Oxford English
Dictionary (3rd Ed) vol II.

59 Here, the issue is not with the interpretation of a contractual provision.
Instead, it concerns the interpretation of the Court of Appeal’s order dated
27 September 2010. In my view, there is no reason to ascribe any meaning to
the words “to procure” other than its ordinary meaning, ie, “to bring about”.
It is strictly irrelevant which party initiated the discussion which led to
the assignment.

60 The evidence clearly shows that Morten did “bring about” or “procure” the
assignment of the Time Charter:

(a) Essentially, BGP did not want to continue the Time Charter and wanted an
early termination. BGP wanted to “cancel” the Time Charter but recognised that
it could not be done without the approval of Nordic International’s board.
Morten agreed that to do so under the terms of the Time Charter, BGP would
have to pay compensation for early termination. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 37, lines 16–20

It should be noted that while cl 17(a) of the Time Charter permitted BGP to
sublet or assign the Vessel, BGP would “remain responsible for due
performance” of the Time Charter. Similarly, while BGP may terminate the Time
Charter prematurely under cl 26, it could only do so on condition that it
settles all “Hire and other payments due” under the Time Charter.

(b) Morten also accepted that in his discussions with BGP, there was no
mention of any compensation to be paid by BGP. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 34, line 25 to p 35, line 4

He explained that it was because “in the end this was an assignment”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 37, line 23

Since BGP was to remain liable to Nordic International under the terms of the
Time Charter, they “did not discuss about the amount of compensation”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 37, lines 24–25

Counsel for Morten, Mr Joseph Tan, accepted during the closing submissions
that based on the objective evidence, it was unlikely that BGP had any right
to terminate the Time Charter. Further, BGP did not at any material time
indicate in writing its intention to terminate the Time Charter. That being
the case, the only option for early termination without paying any
compensation upfront, as required by the Time Charter, would have to be
consensual, ie, the consent of Nordic International would be necessary. This
was, however, never given.

(c) Morten was keen to accommodate BGP’s request for early termination. He was
however not clear how he could do so “contractually”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 30, lines 15, 18

He negotiated with BGP without informing the Sinwa directors of his intention.
82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 30 lines 19–22

Eventually, BGP, TGS and Nordic Maritime agreed pursuant to the MOA, inter
alia, to the assignment of the Time Charter to Nordic Maritime. Morten was
involved in all the discussions. He also signed the MOA and the
acknowledgement of the Notice of Assignment on behalf of Nordic Maritime and
NGS respectively. It is therefore clear that the assignment would not and
could not have taken place without the concurrence and agreement of Morten.

(2) Did Morten breach his fiduciary duties in procuring the assignment?

61 In deciding whether Morten was in breach of his director’s duties in the
procurement of the assignment of the Time Charter, it is crucial to view the
assignments of both the Time Charter and the seismic services agreement as one
transaction. It is also necessary to understand Morten’s real reasons for
adopting the route which he eventually did. The assignment of the Time Charter
was never intended to be an end in itself. Morten’s interest was not in the
assignment of the Time Charter per se. The seismic services agreement was the
true prize to him. In his words, the novation of the seismic services
agreement “was the most critical in this deal”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 89, lines 18–19

This was after all the lucrative source of revenue. Once the revenue from the
seismic services agreement was secured with the MOA, Morten then took steps
for the assignment of the Time Charter from BGP to NGS in order to secure the
use of the Vessel to perform the seismic services agreement with TGS. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 91, line 4– 10

62 In order to fully appreciate Nordic International’s case, it is also
imperative to recognise that the only asset of Nordic International was the
Vessel. Hence, its only source of revenue was to earn charter hire from the
Vessel. It follows that all directors including Morten owed a duty to ensure
the preservation of Nordic International’s contractual rights to earn the
charter hire due and payable under the Time Charter. It should be recalled
that the Time Charter with BGP had already been secured for three years, with
monthly charter hire in excess of $1m, by the time Sinwa was invited to invest
in Nordic International. That must have an important consideration in Sinwa’s
decision to invest as well as its decision to act as the guarantor for the
bank loan to Nordic International. After all, the charter hire was to be used
by Nordic International to pay off the monthly loan repayments to OCBC.

63 Yet, when BGP expressed its desire for premature termination of the Time
Charter in August 2008, its negotiations with Morten proceeded without any
discussion of any compensation payable by BGP to Nordic International. Morten
agreed that, as at 19 August, his discussion, with BGP did not contemplate BGP
making any compensation for its premature termination. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 34, line 25 to p 35, line 4

But according to the Time Charter, BGP would have to pay compensation for
early termination. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

1 AB 159; Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 36, line 19

The stance Morten took was therefore quite unusual given that the Time Charter
still had just under two years to run and especially since Morten’s own
counsel acknowledged that it was unlikely that BGP had any right of early
termination without paying compensation.

64 It is clear that Morten was not exactly sure how the existing Time Charter
could be rearranged “contractually” to allow BGP to exit without immediate
financial consequences to BGP. In the words of Mr Tan, Morten sought a “win-
win” situation. Morten believed this could be achieved by way of the MOA and
the Notice of Assignment. Through the MOA and the Notice of Assignment, Morten
via NGS would effectively take over the Time Charter as well as the seismic
services agreement from BGP. The intention was for BGP to exit both the Time
Charter as well as the seismic services agreement with the important
qualification that BGP was to remain responsible to Nordic International “to
perform all [its] obligations and liabilities” under the Time Charter. This
proviso was separately set out in the Notice of Assignment and not in the MOA.

65 It appears to me that this somewhat convoluted arrangement was conceived to
enable Morten to avoid having to involve Nordic International (and, in
particular, the Sinwa directors) directly in the negotiations with BGP and/or
TGS. To do otherwise would risk Sinwa finding out about it and Morten candidly
acknowledged during the trial that he was concerned that Sinwa would object,
which would in turn scuttle the new arrangements with BGP and TGS. For this
reason, Nordic International was neither a party to the MOA nor the Notice of
Assignment. This is extremely odd, to say the least, given that Nordic
International was a party to the Time Charter.

66 What was Morten’s reason for restructuring the existing contractual
arrangements in this rather unconventional manner? It seems to me that he was
primarily driven by three key considerations, each of which reveals that he
prioritised his personal interest over Nordic International’s.

67 First, he was keen to preserve the goodwill of BGP. He described BGP as a
“big government company in China” who “promised to give us work so that we can
resume their payment” to Nordic International. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 108, lines 22–24

However, when he was asked to clarify who he was referring to when he used the
word “we”, he said he was referring to himself “personally”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 109, lines 5–9

68 Second, he was also keen to take over the lucrative seismic services
agreement with TGS – the end user of the Vessel. This led him first to
conclude the MOA with BGP and TGS. However, that alone would not have been
sufficient for BGP to exit the Time Charter since Nordic International was
conspicuously not a party to the MOA. Morten sought legal advice on the
purported assignment after the MOA was negotiated. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 89, lines 6–8

The Notice of Assignment was crafted in such a way that BGP was to remain
liable to Nordic International under the Time Charter but NGS was to indemnify
BGP for all sums payable by BGP to Nordic International. Through this method,
Morten was hoping to achieve his objective of notionally allowing BGP to exit
the Time Charter and the seismic services agreement without directly engaging
Nordic International.

69 Finally, upon completion of the three-year charter period, BGP has the
option to purchase the Vessel at a discounted price of US$5m. With the
assignment, Morten through NGS would have the right to exercise the option. At
the material time, the Vessel was valued at about US$30m, according to a
valuation report dated 16 April 2010 which Nordic Maritime commissioned Altech
Maritime Consultants Pte Ltd to produce. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

4 AB 879; Notes of Evidence (26 August 2016) at p 7, lines 22–24

The upside from the exercise of the option to purchase was therefore very
significant. Although Morten has confirmed under cross-examination that he no
longer has any intention to exercise the option, that was because of the
deteriorated condition of the Vessel due to the lengthy ongoing dispute
between the parties. But Morten did in fact indicate his intention to exercise
the option to purchase the Vessel in a letter from NGS to Nordic International
one month before the expiry of the Time Charter in September 2010 (although he
did not eventually give formal notice of the exercise of the option). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

4 AB 939

In any case, that Morten did not eventually exercise the option does not
change the fact that the valuable option to purchase played an important part
in his decision to proceed as he did in keeping Nordic International out of
the loop. Acquiring the option to buy the Vessel at a discounted price of
US$5m was one of two benefits that he gained from the assignment of the Time
Charter and seismic services agreement to NGS – the other being the increased
seismic services fees due from TGS. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 56, line 24 to p 57, line 4

In my view, in acting in this manner, he was focused only in advancing his own
interest.

70 Morten made three arguments to deny the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty,
namely, that:

(a) the purported assignment was in fact in the best interests of Nordic
International;

(b) there could be no possibility of conflict between Morten’s personal
interest and Nordic International’s interests;

(c) the purported assignment was not a self-dealing transaction.

(3) Best interests of Nordic International

71 Morten claimed that there was no need to involve Nordic International or
Sinwa in the negotiations as long as Nordic International was not any worse
off under the MOA and/or the Notice of Assignment. He asserts that Nordic
International was not any worse off since the terms of the Time Charter
remained unchanged and, in particular, BGP remained liable under the Time
Charter. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 59

Furthermore, the additional revenue arising from the assignment of the seismic
services agreement would not have been earned by Nordic International in any
event. In short, Morten assumed that Nordic International’s interests were
unlikely to be prejudiced by the MOA and/or the Notice of Assignment.
Accordingly, Morten submits that the assignment was in the best interests of
Nordic International. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 63

72 I disagree that the purported assignment was in the best interests of
Nordic International. Morten had no right to unilaterally make the decision as
regards the MOA and the Notice of Assignment without referring the matter to
Nordic International. In Innhaug (OS 22) the court found that, contrary to
Morten’s position, all directors were obliged to come to a “unanimous
decision” both on the Notice of Assignment and the MOA. In choosing to do so
without Sinwa’s concurrence, Morten subjected Nordic International’s rights
against BGP under the Time Charter to risks of challenge on grounds extraneous
to the terms of the Time Charter. Indeed, this has now come to pass. BGP is
claiming that the Time Charter has been novated pursuant to the MOA which was
allegedly executed by Nordic Maritime “for and on behalf of itself and [Nordic
International], [TGS], and [BGP]”. On that basis, BGP has claimed that it is
no longer liable to Nordic International for the outstanding charter hire.

73 Additionally, it is erroneous for Morten to claim that Nordic International
was not any worse off on the basis that the terms of the Time Charter had
remained unchanged despite the Notice of Assignment. It is a fact that Nordic
International had ceased receiving charter hire for the Vessel since December
2008. BGP has purported to justify its cessation of charter hire by reason of
the MOA. Nordic International has brought a claim against Morten for “causing
the withholding of charter hire”. As the Time Charter was for three years
commencing in June 2007, monthly charter hire of about US$1m would have been
payable by BGP to Nordic International till June 2010, a further period of 16
months. Further, the fact that there is a pending arbitration against BGP for
the outstanding charter hire where the outcome remains unknown does not alter
the fact that Nordic International had stopped receiving its monthly charter
hire since December 2008. Looking at the events which have taken place
following the MOA and the Notice of Assignment, it is plainly incorrect for
Morten to claim that Nordic International has not been any worse off by reason
of the Notice of Assignment. It was starved of its monthly source of income.
Yet it remained liable for the monthly ship management fees due to Nordic
Maritime in addition to the monthly loan repayments to OCBC.

74 In any event, the fact that Nordic International may subsequently recover
against BGP is strictly irrelevant in determining whether Morten was in breach
of his duties given that it is common ground between the parties that breach
of director’s duties is actionable without proof of damage. Morten’s breach
was simply in entering into this commercial rearrangement involving the
purported assignments in spite of his personal interest conflicting with that
of Nordic International’s. Any recovery from BGP would at best affect the
quantum of the damages that Morten’s breach has caused Nordic International.
However, as far as liability is concerned, “a director’s liability for
disloyalty in office does not depend on proof of fault or proof that a
conflict of interest has in fact caused the company loss” (Premier Waste
Management Ltd v Towers [2012] 1 BCLC 67 (“Premier Waste Management”) at
[10]).

75 In addition, where the fiduciary has made a profit and thereby breached the
no-conflict rule, his liability to account does not depend on whether the
company has suffered any loss. As stated in Mona Computer Systems (S) Pte Ltd
v Singaravelu Murugan [2014] 1 SLR 847 at [13], making the fiduciary account
for an unauthorised profit is a gains-based remedy for the fiduciary’s breach
of duty. That remedy is “unrelated to whether the fiduciary’s conduct has
caused any loss to the principal” (emphasis added). The remedy ensures that a
fiduciary is not allowed to retain any profit made from or attributed to his
breach of duty (at [17] and [18]).

76 The proper thing for Morten to have done was to involve Nordic
International and, consequently, the Sinwa directors in the exit negotiations
with BGP in order to negotiate and/or secure compensation for early
termination. At the minimum, as Mike Sim suggested, there should have been
board meetings to discuss the purported assignment and resolutions passed in
this regard. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AEIC of Sim Yong Teng at para 47

Morten should have consulted the other directors on whether they wished to
consider other options in dealing with BGP’s request to exit the tripartite
arrangement between Nordic International, BGP and TGS. This would have been in
the best interests of Nordic International. Morten did not pursue this course
of action because he had a direct interest in securing the novation of the
seismic services agreement from BGP and TGS. Claiming compensation from BGP
under the Time Charter would have undermined and in all likelihood ruined
Morten’s plan to secure the novation of the seismic services agreement.

(4) No possibility of conflict

77 Morten argues that Nordic International and NGS are involved in two
different businesses – Nordic International was a ship owner while NGS was a
charterer. Therefore, there could be no real possibility of conflict of
interest, nor could Nordic International make the profit that NGS stood to
make as a result of the assignment of the seismic services agreement.

78 Under the MOA, Morten through NGS stood to earn US$15,500 per day. The fact
that Nordic International “could not, or would not, take advantage of the
opportunity” to earn the additional revenue arising from novation of the
seismic services agreement with TGS does not render it any less a breach of
his duty not to place himself in a position of conflict (see Premier Waste
Management at [10]). In Re Allied Business and Financial Consultants Ltd
[2009] 2 BCLC 666, Rimer LJ added that it was not only irrelevant that the
company could not take up the corporate opportunity, it was equally irrelevant
that the opportunity was not within the company’s “scope of business” (at
[70]). Hence, I reject Morten’s submission that there could be no possibility
of conflict of interest because Nordic International’s business was different
from that of NGS’. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 76

In any event, back in September 2007 when there seemed to be a possibility
that BGP might not be involved in the commercial arrangement, Mike Sim in fact
floated the idea of “doing [the] deal direct with [TGS], and removing BGP
altogether”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

1 AB 224

So it was not entirely the case that Nordic International and NGS had
completely separate businesses such that any opportunity that came to Morten
in his capacity as owner of NGS was not an opportunity that Nordic
International could be interested in. Morten also relies on Mike Sim’s
acknowledgment under cross-examination that there was no conflict between the
business of NGS and that of Nordic International. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 77; Notes of Evidence (24 August 2016) at p
59, line 23 to p 60, line 1

Again, this is irrelevant to the question of whether Morten’s conduct in
procuring the purported assignment placed himself in a position where his
personal interest conflicted with his duty as a director of Nordic
International to act in its best interests.

(5) Self-dealing rule

79 Morten argues that the rule is not engaged here because neither Morten nor
NGS (being a company he is interested in) is a party to any transaction with
Nordic International under the commercial arrangements being impugned. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 93

I do not accept this submission. Morten effectively substituted NGS for BGP,
the original charterer of the Vessel. NGS used the Vessel and in return, NGS
paid the charter hire to Nordic International. In this way, Morten was
representing the interests of both parties in this transaction. The rule
against self-dealing is hence engaged.

Causing the withholding of charter hire

80 In addition to the above, the assignment clearly caused Morten to continue
to act against the best interests of Nordic International. This is exemplified
in his inexplicable conduct in initially stopping Sinwa from commencing
arbitration proceedings on behalf of Nordic International against BGP for the
outstanding charter hire payable under the Time Charter even though he is a
director and a 50 percent shareholder of Nordic International. Such conduct is
entirely inconsistent with his duty to act in the best interests of Nordic
International to pursue a legitimate claim against BGP for the charter hire
due under the Time Charter. He explained under cross-examination that to sue
BGP for the outstanding charter hire would effectively “end” his hopes for
“long-term” business with BGP. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 110, lines 6–9

Further, under the Notice of Assignment, while BGP is intended to remain
liable to Nordic International, NGS is in turn liable to BGP for all charter
hire and other monies payable by BGP to Nordic International under the Time
Charter. This was effectively an arrangement for NGS to indemnify BGP in
respect of the charter hire which would render it unattractive for NGS and
hence Morten to allow Nordic International to sue BGP. In fact, a separate
version of the minutes of the shareholders’ meeting of Nordic International on
24 October 2011 proposed by Sinwa recorded that Morten had opposed the
arbitration because “BGP would [then] go after Nordic Maritime/NGS”. Morten
confirmed that this had been his concern. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 120, line 4

This also explains Morten’s motivation in initially stopping Sinwa from
pursuing arbitration against BGP. It is therefore disingenuous for Morten to
argue that he was not in breach in attempting to stop Nordic International
from pursuing its legitimate claim against BGP for the outstanding charter
hire.

81 This unsatisfactory position also caused Morten to call a shareholders’
meeting of Nordic International in order to create a “deadlock” with the
specific object of triggering the deadlock clause in the shareholders’
agreement in order to buy back Sinwa’s shares. This culminated in the partial
award in his favour (see [24] above). Morten was hoping to bring an end to all
the litigation between the parties including this action by buying Sinwa out
of Nordic International so that he could go after BGP himself and be the sole
beneficiary of the arbitration against BGP. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Notes of Evidence (25 August 2016) at p 121, lines 9–16

Profiting or intending to profit from the option to purchase the Vessel

82 I have already found that, by procuring the assignment of the seismic
services agreement to NGS, Morten did intend to profit by gaining the option
to purchase the Vessel (at [69]). That was a breach of the no-profit rule.

Conclusion on breach of duty

83 For all the above reasons, each of these acts constituted breaches of
Morten’s fiduciary duties to Nordic International. My findings can be
summarised in this way:

(a) Morten procured the purported assignment of the Time Charter between
Nordic International and BGP to NGS. He substituted NGS for BGP such that NGS
effectively became the charterer of the Vessel from Nordic International, so
that NGS (and he) could earn the seismic services fees due from TGS. By
entering into this self-dealing transaction in which he placed his own
interests above that of Nordic International’s, he was in breach of the no-
conflict rule. The making of the profit from the seismic services agreement
would be in breach of the no-profit rule. The way he allowed BGP to exit the
commercial arrangement between Nordic International, BGP and TGS without any
payment of compensation could not be said to be in the best interests of
Nordic International. It was evidently in his own best interest.

(b) As a result of the purported assignment, BGP has denied any liability to
pay the charter hire from December 2008 in reliance on the MOA. Morten further
obstructed Nordic International’s attempt to recover the outstanding charter
hire from BGP. Hence, Morten “[caused] the withholding of charter hire” to
Nordic International. This was not in the best interests of Nordic
International. He did not act in the best interests of Nordic International
since he had multiple contradictory reasons for stopping it from going after
BGP. First, he was concerned that it would end any possibility of his own
future dealings with BGP. Second, BGP would then go after NGS for the same
loss under the Notice of Assignment. Third, he was hoping to go after BGP for
the unpaid charter hire himself after buying out Sinwa’s shares. It is
apparent that as a result of his personal motivation to benefit from the
seismic services agreement with TGS, Morten found himself in an entirely
unsatisfactory position of being unable to discharge his duty as a director to
act in the best interests of Nordic International.

(c) By procuring the purported assignment, Morten also stood to profit by
gaining the option to purchase the Vessel at a discounted price after the
completion of the charter period. Once again, he placed his own financial
interest above that of Nordic International’s and was in breach of the no-
profit rule and the broader no-conflict rule.

Should Morten be relieved from liability under s 391 Companies Act?

84 Section 391 of the Companies Act provides:

Power to grant relief

391.—(1) If in any proceedings for negligence, default, breach of duty or
breach of trust against a person to whom this section applies it appears to
the court before which the proceedings are taken that he is or may be liable
in respect thereof but that he has acted honestly and reasonably and that,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case including those connected
with his appointment, he ought fairly to be excused for the negligence,
default or breach the court may relieve him either wholly or partly from his
liability on such terms as the court thinks fit.

(1A) For the avoidance of doubt and without prejudice to the generality of
subsection (1), “liability” includes the liability of a person to whom this
section applies to account for profits made or received.

[emphasis added]

85 There are three cumulative requirements which must be fulfilled: that the
director has acted honestly, acted reasonably, and that it is fair to excuse
him for his default (see W&P Piling Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Chew Yin What
and others [2007] 4 SLR(R) 218 at [77]).

86 It has been held that a director would be regarded as having acted honestly
if his conduct was “without deceit or conscious impropriety”, “without intent
to gain an improper benefit or advantage” or “without carelessness or
imprudence that negates the performance of the duty in question” (see Long Say
Ting Daniel v Merukh Nunik Elizabeth (personal representative of the estate of
Merukh Jusuf, deceased) [2013] 1 SLR 1428 (“Long Say Ting”) at [60]. Conduct
which is “characterised by a degree of surreptitiousness” can hardly be said
to be honest (see Hytech Builders Pte Ltd v Tan Eng Leong and another [1995] 1
SLR(R) 576 at [63]).

87 There was clearly a degree of surreptitiousness in the way Morten
unilaterally negotiated BGP’s exit from the Time Charter and seismic services
agreement. He deliberately chose to exclude the Sinwa directors of Nordic
International from the discussions so as to ensure that they would not object
to the purported assignments of the Time Charter and seismic services
agreement. That he subjectively believed that the other directors would not
withhold their consent to the purported assignments cannot assist his case,
since the assessment of whether a director has acted “honestly” for the
purposes of s 391 is an objective one (see Long Say Ting at [61]). An
objective observer would conclude, in my view, that Morten did not act
honestly. There was clearly an intent on Morten’s part to gain an “improper
benefit or advantage” in unilaterally undertaking the negotiation of the
purported assignments with BGP. He did so to secure the substitution of NGS
for BGP in the commercial arrangement between Nordic International, BGP and
TGS, with a view to advancing his own self-interest, as I have found at
[67]–[69].

88 Furthermore, I do not think he acted reasonably in the way he tried to stop
Nordic International from pursuing its legitimate claim against BGP for the
outstanding charter hire. I am satisfied that this is not an appropriate case
to grant relief under s 391.

Did Nordic International consent to or ratify the breach of duty?

89 Morten claims that Nordic International had in any event consented and/or
ratified the assignment. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Defence at para 22

90 It is important to distinguish between ratification of the transaction
which was brought about by a breach of fiduciary duty and “ratification” of
the director’s breach of duty. The latter instance of “ratification” is more
appropriately understood as a “release” from liability. As to that, the
general principle is that, as noted by the Court of Appeal in Scintronix at
[59], “directors may be released from their obligations to the company by
unanimous, or at the very least majority agreement of the shareholders”
(emphasis in original). But just because a company ratifies or adopts the
transaction in question does not mean it has released the errant director from
liability for breach of duty (see Hans Tjio, Pearlie Koh & Lee Pey Woan,
Corporate Law (Academy Publishing, 2015) at para 9.116; Paul L. Davies and
Sarah Worthington, Gower and Davies: Principles of Modern Company Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2012) at para 16-188). This is a specific application, in the
context of companies and their directors, of a rule pertaining to principals
and agents: a principal may choose to ratify an unauthorised transaction that
the agent entered into with a third party without exonerating that agent of
any breach of duty (see Goh Kim Hai Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings
Ltd [1996] 1 SLR(R) 540 at [80]). 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 66

91 While the ratification of the unauthorised transaction may be implied from
“the mere acquiescence or inactivity of the principal” (see Eng Gee Seng v
Quek Choon Teck and others [2010] 1 SLR 241 at [35]), care must be taken not
to equate that with ratification of the breach. It has been suggested that the
director should go about obtaining ratification “by making a full and frank
disclosure and calling together the general body of the shareholders” to ask
that the breach be ratified (see Bamford v Bamford [1970] Ch 212 at 237, cited
in Scintronix at [59]). In other words, the informed consent of the
shareholders is required. It appears that such consent of the shareholders
need not always be given formally, by way of a resolution, although the
shareholders must at minimum know of and consent to the breach. In Chin Siew
Seng v Quah Hun Kok Francis and another appeal [2010] SGCA 44, the director
was allegedly in breach of his fiduciary duties in diverting commissions due
to the company as well as its ship-brokering business to a company he
incorporated. The Court of Appeal found that the director did not breach his
fiduciary duty as all the directors and shareholders “knew and consented” to
the latter company’s receipt of the ship-brokering commissions (at [29]).
However, the Court reached this conclusion having found that (a) the other
shareholders did not at any time object to the diversion of commissions; and
(b) there was an agreement that the businesses of the company would be split
up and that the director would be free to pursue his own ship-brokering
business (at [27]–[28]).

92 Many of the arguments raised by both sides address the question of whether
Nordic International had by its conduct ratified the assignment, but it is
important to bear in mind that ratification of the assignment is not
necessarily ratification of Morten’s breach of duty in procuring it. Morten
places emphasis on the fact that Sinwa (a) did not inform OCBC that it
objected to the assignment; (b) made no protest when Nordic International
continued to receive charter hire for the months of October 2008 to December
2008; and (c) did not write to BGP to object to the assignment. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Submissions at paras 138–140

I do not think these instances of Sinwa’s conduct raised by Morten necessarily
constitute ratification of the assignment, much less of the breach. There are
plausible alternative explanations for Sinwa having acted in the way it did:
it did not inform OCBC that it objected to the assignment because, in Mike
Sim’s testimony, it was concerned that OCBC would withdraw the loan; 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Notes of Evidence (24 August), p 55, lines 9–10

it did not protest when Nordic International continued to receive the charter
hire from NGS because the charter hire was required for the loan repayments to
OCBC; 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Notes of Evidence (24 August), p 52, at lines 1–13

it may not have written to BGP to object to the assignment but its conduct in
pursuing BGP for the outstanding charter hire shows that at all material
times, it did not recognise the assignment in any event.

93 More importantly, these acts or omissions at best show that there was
ratification of the assignment of the Time Charter. However, there was never
any intention to excuse Morten from his breach of fiduciary duty since Sinwa
wrote to Morten on 23 October 2008 to formally place him on notice that the
assignment raised “a conflict of interest issue”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

2 AB 433

It maintained this stance when it informed all the directors of Nordic
International in July 2009 of its intention to commence legal action in its
name against Morten for breach of fiduciary duties. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3 AB 639–640

I do not think the consent of a shareholder to releasing a director for breach
of his fiduciary duties should be lightly implied, all the more so when, in
this case, the shareholder in question has expressly made its disapproval
clear by commencing a derivative action on behalf of the company.

94 In the circumstances, I reject Morten’s case on ratification of his
breach(es) of fiduciary duties.

What relief should the court grant?

95 I approach this with respect to the three breaches of duty. The third
breach – profiting or intending to profit from the exercise of the option to
purchase the Vessel – clearly has led to no damage or profit given that it is
common ground that Morten never exercised and does not intend to exercise the
option. That leaves the first two breaches.

Procuring the purported assignment of the Time Charter

96 Nordic International is ostensibly seeking to claim the profit that Morten
in fact made from the seismic services agreement. As explained above, the
novation of the seismic services agreement must be viewed in tandem with the
Time Charter. It is clear that Morten ceased to make further profit from the
seismic services agreement after it was terminated by TGS in December 2008.
But there is still the period from August to December 2008. As mentioned
earlier, Morten through NGS stood to make an additional sum of US$15,500 per
day from the assignment of both the Time Charter and the seismic services
agreement. Morten explained that the additional daily charter hire rate of
US$5000 was meant to cover the cost of an extra compressor that TGS wanted, as
well as the extra cost of hiring Nordic Maritime’s crew. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Notes of Evidence (26 August 2016) at p 4 lines 10–22

He did however accept that he still expected to make an estimated profit of
US$5000 to US$7000 a day by reducing the operation costs as much as possible.
111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Notes of Evidence (26 August 2016) at p 6, lines 11–22

It is true that Mike Sim did acknowledge that Morten did not profit because
the seismic services agreement was eventually terminated by TGS. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Notes of Evidence (24 August) at p 72, lines 8–9

However, from its context, it appears to me that Mike Sim was acknowledging
that Morten did not make as much profit as he would have hoped to because he
“did not have the benefit of the full run of the charter”. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Notes of Evidence (24 August 2016) at p 71, lines 12–13

Ultimately, the true extent of the profits earned by Morten would depend on
the additional operational costs incurred by NGS to provide the seismic
services directly to TGS. As things stand, there is enough evidence that
Morten has earned some profit from the assignments of the Time Charter and the
seismic services agreement. This is sufficient basis on which to order an
account of profits.

Causing the withholding of charter hire

97 I now come to the crucial question of the loss occasioned by Morten’s
breach in causing the withholding of charter hire.

98 The loss which flows from that is the loss of charter hire owed by BGP.
Nordic International seeks equitable compensation from Morten for those losses
caused by Morten’s breaches of fiduciary duties. Morten’s primary defence is
that the loss has not crystallised since the arbitration between Nordic
International and BGP has not concluded. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 170

His alternative argument is that even if there had been no assignment of the
Time Charter, BGP would have terminated the Time Charter and Nordic
International would nonetheless have to recover the charter hire from BGP. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Defendant’s Submissions at para 172

In other words, his breaches did not cause the withholding of the charter
hire. The second argument can be immediately rejected – it is a completely
speculative assertion. There is no evidence that BGP would have terminated the
Time Charter in any event. In fact, the evidence is to the contrary: Mr Tan
accepted that BGP had no right of termination of the Time Charter.

99 That leaves the first argument on whether the loss has crystallised. I find
this argument both ironic and somewhat facetious. One of the reasons why the
loss has yet to crystallise is because the arbitration against BGP is still
pending. The principal reason for this state of affairs is because Morten had
initially opposed the arbitration. It is therefore incongruous for Morten to
rely on the precise fact constituting the breach of duty – ie, his delaying of
the pursuit of the claim against BGP – to ground his argument that the loss
flowing from that breach has not crystallised.

100 To be clear, the issue here is not one of causation. Had Morten not
brought about the purported assignment, BGP would not have been able to rely
on the MOA to deny its liability under the Time Charter. The loss has already
occurred because Nordic International has not been paid the charter hire it
was entitled to for the months of January to June 2009, the period of the
outstanding charter hire for which leave of the Court of Appeal was granted to
pursue in this action. Rather, the issue is about what the remedy of equitable
compensation, which Nordic International seeks, is meant to achieve. In Target
Holdings Ltd v Redferns (a firm) and another [1996] 1 AC 421 Lord Browne-
Wilkinson said at 439:

Equitable compensation for breach of trust is designed to achieve exactly what
the word compensation suggests: to make good a loss in fact suffered by the
beneficiaries and which, using hindsight and common sense, can be seen to have
been caused by the breach.

101 In this case, Nordic International has commenced an arbitration against
BGP for the loss of the charter hire. Until the conclusion of that
arbitration, one cannot know for certain whether, “using hindsight and common
sense”, Morten’s breach in causing the withholding of charter hire led to any
loss. It must be borne in mind that even if Nordic International prevails in
the arbitration, it may not be entitled to claim, as against Morten, the full
sum of outstanding charter hire for the months of January to June 2009. This
is because the charterer would have been entitled to a reduction of the
charter hire once the Vessel was laid up, pursuant to cl 5(d) of the Time
Charter, as noted by Andrew Ang J in his judgment for OS 960 (see Sinwa (OS
960) at [40]). Thus, proof of Nordic International’s precise loss can only be
determined after the conclusion of the arbitration. Even then, to arrive at
the proper quantum representing the loss of charter hire to Nordic
International as a result of Morten’s breach, it would be necessary to deduct
the expenses which Nordic International would have incurred in earning that
charter hire.

102 In response to my invitation to submit additional authorities to address
the question of the appropriate relief, Mr Soh brought several additional
cases to my attention in support of his submission that the assessment of the
loss in this case can be reserved with liberty to apply for directions. Three
of them are broadly relevant (Deeny and others v Gooda Walker Ltd (in
liquidation) (No 3) [1995] 1 WLR 1206; China Resources Purchasing Co Ltd v Yue
Xiu Enterprises (S) Pte Ltd and another [1996] 1 SLR(R) 397; and Freight
Connect (S) Pte Ltd v Paragon Shipping Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 178)). In each of
these cases, the defendant had to indemnify the plaintiff in respect for
losses flowing from claims made against the plaintiff by third parties. With
respect to claims by third parties which have yet to be made, the courts have
held that the assessment of damages should be reserved until after those
claims have been finally determined. Here, the situation is slightly
different. Unlike the other cases which dealt with a pending loss to third
parties, Nordic International has a pending claim against BGP. Nonetheless,
what these cases demonstrate is that a court has the power to defer the
assessment of damages when the liability of a defendant to a plaintiff is
contingent on an action between a plaintiff and a third party.

103 Here, as I have found, Morten did indeed breach his fiduciary duties.
Given that the claim against BGP is still pending, the sensible solution seems
to be to order an assessment of the appropriate amount of compensation in
respect of loss of charter hire caused by Morten’s breach of fiduciary duty
but to direct that such assessment take place only after the conclusion of the
arbitration between Nordic International and BGP.

Conclusion

104 In conclusion, I allow Nordic International’s claim and order that an
account be taken of the profits which Morten has made in procuring the
purported assignment. The quantum of compensation that Morten is liable to
Nordic International for causing the withholding of charter hire is to be
reserved for assessment until the conclusion of the arbitration between Nordic
International and BGP. Nordic International shall have liberty to apply for
that assessment to be restored following the outcome of the arbitration.

105 Nordic International will have the costs of this action which I fix at
$110,000 inclusive of disbursements. Costs of Summons No 2567 of 2012 which
related to an injunction hearing before Quentin Loh J was reserved. Taking
into account the subsequent events which have transpired following Loh J’s
Order of Court dated 14 March 2013, I order each party to bear their own costs
in respect of the injunction.

Steven Chong  
Judge

Anthony Soh Leong Kiat (Via Law Corporation), Andrew Ho Yew Cheng and June Lim
Pei Ling (instructed) for the plaintiff;  
Joseph Tan Wee Kong and Joanna Poh Ying Ying (Legal Solutions LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

