Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 52

Criminal Motion No 18 of 2017

Between

CHEW ENG HAN  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Criminal Motion] — [Question of Law of
Public Interest]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Chew Eng Han

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 52

Court of Appeal — Criminal Motion No 18 of 2017  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Quentin Loh J  
6 September 2017

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

Introduction

1 This is the second application for leave to refer questions of law of public
interest to the Court of Appeal filed by the Applicant. His first application
(Criminal Motion No 10 of 2017 (“CM 10/2017”)) was heard and rejected by this
court on 3 July 2017. We will be releasing our written grounds of decision in
CM 10/2017 in due course. In our judgment, this second application is not only
an abuse of process but is also devoid of merit.

Application filed out of time

2 As a preliminary matter, this application is out of time. We find that the
Applicant has failed to show that any of the grounds for granting an extension
of time identified in Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor [2010] 1 SLR 966
(“Bachoo Mohan Singh”) is satisfied. In Bachoo Mohan Singh, this court held at
[65] that in determining whether an extension of time is appropriate, the
court should apply its mind to all the circumstances of the case, in
particular (a) the length of the delay; (b) the sufficiency of any explanation
given in respect of the delay; and (c) the prospects of the application.
Having considered these factors, we are satisfied that the Applicant has
identified no valid reason for granting him an extension of time. He was fully
aware of the timelines when he filed CM 10/2017 and should have consolidated
all the questions he sought to refer in that application. On the basis of the
unwarranted delay in filing this application alone, we would have been minded
to dismiss the application. For the reasons that we will explain, we also find
that this application has no prospect of success.

Abusive and unmeritorious nature of the application

3 We wish to emphasise, however, that the application is plainly abusive. The
Applicant cannot be allowed to drip-feed his questions through multiple
applications of this nature. The principle of finality in the judicial process
would be defeated if an accused person were allowed to spin out applications
for leave to refer questions ad infinitum, prolonging the criminal proceedings
indefinitely and delaying the commencement of his sentence. We reiterate that
the criminal reference procedure does not provide a means for a back-door
appeal and any attempt to use it as such is abusive per se. The fact that the
Applicant is a litigant-in-person does not provide him with a warrant to
engage in abusive conduct.

4 In addition, we find that the question that the Applicant presently seeks
leave to refer is essentially a rehash of a question that he posed in CM
10/2017. He argues at para 22 of his supporting affidavit for the present
application that (and I quote) “a new precedent has been judicially
pronounced, whereby a person can be convicted for misappropriation … even
where that person has not used property for himself or a third party, and in
spite of him having applied the property for the owner’s (unauthorised) use”.
According to the Applicant, this ruling is in breach of Art 11(1) of the
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the
Constitution”) and the principle of nullum crimen nulla poena sine lege (“the
nullum principle”) embodied therein. The Applicant made the exact same
argument at paras 18–20 of his written submissions in his earlier application
in CM 10/2017, where he stated that the High Court’s definition of
misappropriation contravenes Art 11 of the Constitution under which “[n]o
person shall be punished for an act or omission which was not punishable by
law when it was done or made”. His earlier application was dismissed by this
court in its entirety and it is abusive for the Applicant to bring a fresh
application on the same grounds. In Kho Jabing v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3
SLR 1259, this court found at [3] that it was an abuse of process for an
applicant to make an argument in his application, withdraw the argument by
amending the application, and then seek to reintroduce the argument in a fresh
application. It is a fortiori abusive for the Applicant in this case to run
the same argument in two consecutive applications when it was already
considered and rejected in his first application.

5 More importantly, as we stated in our oral judgment dismissing CM 10/2017 on
3 July 2017, a three-Judge coram of the High Court has given full
consideration to whether each of the elements of the offence of criminal
breach of trust was satisfied. Leaving aside the question of whether the
accused persons were “agents” under the aggravated offence in s 409 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed and the earlier 1985 Rev Ed) (which is the
subject of a separate criminal reference (Criminal Reference No 1 of 2017)),
the High Court was unanimous in its decision that the elements of the offences
of criminal breach of trust and falsification of accounts were satisfied.
Their judgment is final and authoritative on these issues. Hence, we see no
basis for leave to be granted to bring this or any further criminal references
on the same subject matter. Such applications would be nothing more than a
blatant abuse of process and will not be entertained by this court.

6 The abusiveness of the application is also reflected in its utter lack of
merit. The Applicant’s submission is based on a clear misreading of the
decisions of the courts below. The courts below considered that this case is
“sui generis” and “unique” because, unlike other cases, the accused persons
were not motivated by personal gain and had acted according to what they
thought “would ultimately have advanced the interests of [City Harvest
Church]”. But the courts made it clear that this had no bearing on their
determination as to whether the accused persons should be convicted, since the
desire to further the purposes of the church and the lack of any wish for
personal gain: (a) goes only to their motive rather than intention; and (b)
has little to do with the question of whether the accused persons’ use of the
church funds fell outside the scope of authorised uses, which is the focus of
the present application. The courts below also had no doubt that, in addition
to the actus reus of misappropriation, the mens rea of dishonesty was also
made out in this case as the accused persons, including the Applicant, had
acted with the dishonest intention to cause wrongful loss to the church even
though they were not motivated by personal gain. Since the reasons why the
High Court and the District Court identified this case as sui generis are
therefore irrelevant to both the mens rea and the actus reus of the offence,
they have nothing to do with the convictions of the accused persons.
Consequently, Art 11 of the Constitution and the nullum principle are simply
not engaged.

7 We therefore dismiss this application.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Quentin Loh  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge

The applicant in person;  
Christopher Ong, Joel Chen, Grace Soh and Eugene Sng (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

