Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 253

Criminal Case No 59 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Kong Peng Yee

judgment

[Criminal Law] – [Offences] – [Culpable homicide] – [Criminal Procedure and
Sentencing] – [Sentencing] – [Mentally disordered offenders]

* * *

  
  
This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  
Kong Peng Yee

[2017] SGHC 253

High Court — Criminal Case No 59 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
8 September, 16 October 2017

16 October 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 On 13 March 2016, the accused attacked his wife with a knife and a chopper,
killing her with 189 wounds. He was 68 years old at the time, and she, 63.
They had been married for 36 years. The marriage bore them two daughters, now
aged 27 and 36. The accused had been working as a technician, but has since
retired. He has a hitherto unblemished record.

2 Dr Kenneth Koh (“Dr Koh”) of the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) examined
the accused and diagnosed him as suffering from “late onset psychosis with
persecutory, jealous and nihilistic/somatic delusions” when he killed his
wife. Although Dr Koh is of the view that the psychotic delusions
“significantly adversely affected [the accused person’s] mental responsibility
for his actions”, he was “not of unsound mind [at the material time] in that
he was aware of his actions and knew that his acts were wrongful”. Dr Koh is
also of the view that the accused was fit to plead. The accused then pleaded
guilty to the charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable
under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), admitted the
statement of facts, and was thus convicted.

3 The DPP argued that a sentence of nine years’ imprisonment ought to be
imposed on the facts of this case, based primarily on retributive and
deterrent principles of sentencing. Although counsel for the accused suggested
a shorter period of five years imprisonment, he seems to agree with the DPP
that “protection of the public and retribution may still remain relevant
sentencing considerations even where a mentally disordered offender is
concerned”.

4 The retributive principle of punishment is entirely different from that of
the deterrent principle. Retributivism in punishment requires that an offender
be justly punished for the offence that he had committed; no more, no less. In
short, he is to be given the punishment that fits his offence. Proportionality
would be a key consideration. The focus must be on the moral foundation of the
sentence rather than what is useful for society. In contrast, deterrent
punishment may be imposed to deter others from committing the same offence, or
to deter the accused from repeating his offence. Thus, it is not unusual to
impose a stiffer punishment than the case requires just so that deterrence may
be effective. But the principles of retribution and deterrence pull in
different directions and could not be applied concurrently in the same case.
Counsel before me also cited some past authority that included rehabilitation
in the mix. To avoid confusion, it should be remembered that rehabilitation is
always important, but it is not punishment.

5 In any case, neither the retributive principle nor deterrence applies in the
present case. Deterrence to others is not appropriate here because people who
do not suffer the same psychotic delusions as the accused will not go about
killing their spouses for no reason or for the reasons that emanate from a
deluded mind. Deterrence is also not appropriate against the accused himself
because, as the doctor from IMH had certified, the accused is in remission and
is safe to be returned to the care of his family. That leaves the question of
retribution — how do we punish him for the offence that he had committed? What
is the appropriate punishment for a man whose act was guided by thoughts that
entered unbidden into his mind? There is no clear answer.

6 What we do know is that he was suffering from a psychosis that even the
psychiatrists agree had affected his mental responsibility at the time of the
offence. Given those circumstances, a reasonable man may fairly wonder why any
punishment is even required? His madness is its own punishment. The problem
lies not with the reasonable man, but with an archaic law that has been
incorporated into our statute. That old rule, known as the M’Naghten rule, was
handed down in a judgment in England (see M’Naghten’s Case (1843) 10 Cl & Fin
200; 8 ER 718), which declared a man not to be insane if he either knew what
he was doing or that what he was doing was wrong. From that moment on, legal
insanity and medical insanity have not fitted themselves snugly in the same
box.

7 Modern doctors have had to recite the M’Naghten statement when the accused
admits to them (often long after their insane episode) that they knew what
they were doing or that they knew that they did wrong. Can people truly and
accurately discern their own mental state when they had, in fact, lost it? Can
an accused person in remission of his mental illness accurately describe his
own thoughts at the time of the offence when he was having an episode of
psychotic delusion? Joseph Heller satirised this sort of situation, in
“Catch-22”. A pilot, he wrote, could escape flying combat missions only if he
were insane; but any airman who applied to be declared insane could not have
been insane. And so, to avoid what would have been manifest injustice in many
cases, the law tries to be helpful and allows a man like the accused to avoid
the gallows, even though he admits that he knew what he was doing or that he
knew that he did wrong, if it could be shown that he was suffering from a
mental illness that substantially affects his mental responsibility for his
crime. The law leaves it to the court (not to the doctor) to determine whether
the mental illness had indeed substantially affected the mental responsibility
of the accused. But there are many kinds of illnesses and conditions that can
create an abnormality of mind, and some abnormalities are more serious than
others. And not all affect the sufferer’s mental responsibility in the same
way or to the same extent. The language of M’Naghten should be re-examined;
doctors and lawyers should speak a common language when dealing with the
mental responsibility of an accused who was laboring under a mental illness at
the time of the offence.

8 The specific facts concerning the mind of this accused at the time of the
offence are crucial in the determination of the legal question regarding his
mental responsibility. It is equally important to consider what he was like
before he killed his wife. We know that he had been gainfully employed as a
technician with SIA Engineering Company until his retirement, and hitherto had
an unblemished record. Then, in October 2015, he went to the hospital,
complaining of headache and pain in his eye. He was given medication for
glaucoma and inflammation, and subsequently had a cataract removed from his
right eye in January 2016.

9 After his eye surgery, he refused to take medication for his other ailments.
He believed that laxatives intended for his constipation were poison. When his
wife and a daughter tried to persuade him to drink prune juice instead, he
imagined that they were trying to torture him.

10 Just about two months later, a day before the offence, the accused
collected his health check results and continued to worry that someone was
trying to harm him or that he was suffering from some disease and was going to
die. While at his daughter’s house, the accused told his daughter that he did
not think she was his biological daughter, amongst other odd mutterings.

11 On 13 March 2016, his other daughter brought him to church. There, the
accused began to behave strangely, making incomprehensible noises, and telling
the pastor that God wanted him to return his daughter to the rightful parent.
He also told a member of the congregation whom he did not know, that people
were poisoning him.

12 When the church service ended, his daughter brought him home and chatted
with her mother while the accused went to have a nap. The daughter left the
flat about 3pm to fetch her sister. After she had left the flat, the accused
heard roaring sounds which he claimed woke him up from his slumber. He then
walked to the kitchen and retrieved a knife. Without more, he stabbed and cut
her; 189 times, until she was dead. In his statements to the police, the
accused claimed that he believed that he should kill his wife first because
his family might want to kill him.

13 From those facts and the medical evidence, I have no hesitation in finding
that the psychotic delusions substantially affected the mental responsibility
of the accused. He had been remanded since that day. Dr Koh who examined the
accused in 2016, and again in May this year, has written a positive and
encouraging medical report dated 9 May 2017. I refer to the two most relevant
paragraphs. Dr Koh wrote: ‘With the passage of time, it is now more clear that
Mr Kong had a brief psychotic episode at the time of the alleged offence, but
he has since responded well to medication and entered into remission for
several months now. There does not appear to be any dementing process detected
in him nor any serious physical illness that had led to his disordered mental
state at the time of the offence. Mr Kong has no known past history of
violence, substance abuse and imprisonment. His psychiatric disorder is now in
remission with medication. His family continues to visit him in prison and
have indicated their commitment to care for him and ensure that he follows up
on his treatment. Given these good prognostic factors as well as his advanced
age, his risk of dangerousness to others is low.” Dr Koh’s opinion as of May
2017 was that, “[n]aturally, [the accused] will require long term follow up
with psychiatric services and he should reside with [his] family who are able
to monitor and supervise him.”

14 Given all the above facts and medical opinion, I think that punishment is
probably not the most appropriate response to a man like the accused here, and
certainly not the 9 years imprisonment sought; but the law regards his act as
an offence, and requires some punishment to be meted out. And so, I am
sentencing the accused in the present case to two years’ imprisonment, with
effect from 13 March 2016, not on the basis of retributive justice, nor
deterrence, but on the basis that it is the most appropriate punishment on the
facts of this case. The sooner the accused is returned to the care of his
family, the better.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Tan Wen Hsien, Sarah Shi and Dora Tay (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
prosecution  
Sunil Sudheesan and Diana Ngiam (Quahe Woo & Palmer LLC) for accused

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

