Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE courts of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 1

Divorce Transfer No 4482 of 2012

Between

| TVJ  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| TVK  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Wife]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TVJ

  

v

  

TVK

[2017] SGHCF 1

  

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 4482 of 2012  
Valerie Thean JC  
12 August 2016; 21 September 2016; 19 October 2016  

3 January 2017

Valerie Thean JC:

1 These grounds of decision concern matters ancillary upon divorce.

Introduction

2 The plaintiff (“the Husband”), and the defendant (“the Wife”), were married
on 12 March 1980. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 6/11/2013 (DA 1) at para 2.

The Husband is 63 years old, the Wife is 59 years old. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim for divorce (14 September 2012).

On 14 September 2012, the Husband commenced divorce proceedings against the
Wife and obtained an interim judgment (“IJ”) for divorce on the ground of the
Wife’s unreasonable behaviour on 28 January 2013. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 1.

Up to that point, parties had been married for some 33 years. The parties have
a 19 year old daughter (“the Child”), 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim for divorce (14 September 2012).

who will be completing her polytechnic education in 2017.

3 This action was commenced by the Husband on 14 September 2012. The Wife did
not at that time participate in proceedings. The Husband obtained the IJ on 28
January 2013, and a first set of ancillary orders in the High Court on 26 June
2013. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defendant’s Bundle of Affidavits at p 13.

On 27 October 2015, pursuant to the Wife’s application, the first set of
ancillary orders were set aside by the High Court judge who made the first set
of ancillary orders, with costs reserved to the hearing of the ancillary
matters.

4 On 19 October 2016 I dealt with: (a) division of the matrimonial assets; (b)
maintenance for the Wife; (c) custody of the Child; and (d) costs. The Husband
has appealed and I furnish my grounds of decision.

Division of assets

The pool of matrimonial assets

5 The agreed operative date used for determining the pool of matrimonial
assets in this case was the date of interim judgment, 28 January 2013 (“the
Operative Date”).

6 In order to determine the asset pool, I first dealt with the following
disputes:

(a) the correct valuation of several of the parties’ assets which were agreed
as part of the pool of matrimonial assets;

(b) whether some of the parties’ disclosed assets were part of the pool of
matrimonial assets;

(c) whether the Husband had further undisclosed assets or assets which he had
wrongfully dissipated; and

(d) the extent of the Husband’s outstanding liabilities.

Disputed valuations

7 The valuation of the following assets were in dispute:

(a) the parties’ joint properties;

(b) the Wife’s POSB Account XX-XXX26-9;

(c) the Wife’s jewellery; and

(d) the Husband’s P Pte Ltd shares.

8 The parties owned two real properties held in joint names. The first was an
executive HDB flat at Marsiling (“the Marsiling HDB”). The Husband valued it
at $603,500 while the Wife valued the same at $600,000. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defendant’s submissions, p 6.

Given the de minimis difference between the two valuations offered, I valued
the Marsiling HDB at the more conservative $600,000. The second property was a
condominium (“the Condominium”). The Husband valued it at $1.5m while the Wife
valued the Condominium at $1.3m. Given the absence of clear evidence either
way, and in fairness to both parties, I ascribed a value in the middle: $1.4m.

9 The Wife’s POSB Account XX-XXX26-9 (“POSB 26-9”) was $248,676.17 on the
Operative Date. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (DAdis6, DBOA vol II) at para 6(b);
Defendant’s Bundles of Affidavits vol 2 Tab PL 1 at p6.

The Wife submitted that POSB 26-9 should only be valued at $100,000 because
the rest of the money comprised gifts from her family and relatives. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 58

The Wife’s evidence was that she received $42,711.98 as her share of the net
sale proceeds from her parents’ HDB flat; she also received a gift of $60,000
from her brother as a token of appreciation for the help she rendered him.

10 In this case, I found that the moneys which the Wife received from her
brother and parents were likely intended as gifts to both the Husband and the
Wife. Her brother and her parents had been living in the parties’ matrimonial
home for a long time. Further, both the Husband and the Wife had played a part
in helping her brother with his education. In the circumstances, there was no
basis to exclude those sums from the pool of matrimonial assets. I therefore
ascribed the full bank balance to the pool.

11 Regarding the Wife’s jewellery, the Wife valued it at $8,500 whereas the
Husband valued it at $150,000. The Wife gave detailed evidence of the value
and weight of the three bangles and two necklaces which she owned, and a
photograph. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Wife’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (DAdis6, DBOA vol II) at para 8; Wife’s
affidavit dated 3/8/2016 (DAM-4).

The Husband’s assertion that the Wife’s jewellery weighed approximately 2kg
and hence was worth approximately $150,000 was a bare statement. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 89.

I therefore valued the Wife’s jewellery at the more conservative value of
$8,500.

12 Finally, there were various points of dispute regarding the Husband’s
shares in P Pte Ltd. First, there was dispute as to the number of P Pte Ltd
shares owned by the Husband. The Husband asserted that he had 280,000 P Pte
Ltd shares. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 14.

The Wife asserted that the Husband had 281,660 P Pte Ltd shares. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 24.

Based on the documentary evidence, on 15 April 2011, the Husband owned 79,773
P Pte Ltd shares. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at p 64.

By 3 May 2011, his shareholding went up to 281,660 shares 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at p 68.

and stayed at 281,660 as at 31 December 2011. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 136.

Apart from the Husband’s assertion, there was no further documentary evidence
that his shareholding subsequently went back down to 280,000. Additionally, I
noted that the Husband’s evidence on this issue had been inconsistent
throughout the course of the proceedings. He admitted in his affidavit dated 3
May 2013 that he owned 281,660 P Pte Ltd shares. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 3/5/2013 (PA5) at para 4.

I found that the Husband owned 281,660 P Pte Ltd shares.

13 The parties disputed, in addition, the value to be ascribed to each P Pte
Ltd share. The Husband relied on a letter dated 13 March 2014 from P Pte Ltd’s
accountant, stating that the net assets of the company based on the financial
statements for the year ending 31 December 2012 were valued at $855,361 (total
assets of $1,821,154 minus total liabilities of $965,793); the net asset value
per share was thus $1.221. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 13, Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014
(PA9/PA2) at p 186.

14 The Wife, however, referred to four share transfer forms showing that the
Husband had purchased P Pte Ltd shares on or around 26 April 2011 from four
other shareholders at a significantly higher price of approximately $5.33 per
share. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at pp 71, 72, 74, and 75.

Her submission was that the Husband had not explained why the value of his P
Pte Ltd shares had dropped so significantly since then. Further, she pointed
out that although a valuation of the P Pte Ltd shares was conducted in 2011,
the Husband was unwilling to disclose the valuation report on grounds of
confidentiality. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 37.

The Wife also submitted that P Pte Ltd’s investment properties, namely five
commercial properties, were undervalued in P Pte Ltd’s financial statements as
the accountants reflected only the book value, but not the market value, of
the properties. In the 2014 interrogatories, the Husband had answered that the
value of the properties was $3.2m.

15 I found that the fall in the value of the Husband’s P Pte Ltd shares since
2011 plausible in light of the payment out of dividends of $2.95m to
shareholders in 2011. The 2011 financial statements showed that the total net
assets of the company fell from $3,924,988 to $914,290. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 138.

With a total asset value of P Pte Ltd at approximately $5.4m in 2010, a $2.95m
dividend payout, which forms a significant portion of $5.4m, would explain the
significant fall in the value of the P Pte Ltd shares.

16 The financial statements showed that the company’s commercial properties,
however, were at an undervalue as contended by the Wife. These, reflected as
“Investment Properties” in the company’s accounts, were only valued at
approximately $1.27m in P Pte Ltd’s 2012 financial statements on the basis of
the independent valuation of the properties in 2009 (of $1.59m), with
assumption of depreciation each year (hence, the 2012 reduced value of
$1.27m). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at pp 164, 170, 176, and 177.

The Husband had estimated the value in 2014 as $3.2m. The Wife obtained an
independent valuation of the commercial properties from Colliers International
Consultancy & Valuation (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The commercial properties were
valued at $3,725,000 as at the Operative Date. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 9/9/2016 at para 6.

The Husband accepted this valuation. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/9/2016 at para 5.

The Husband initially claimed that the commercial properties were subject to a
$1.4m term loan. Such a loan, if it existed, would have already been in the
company accounts.

17 Counsel for the Wife submitted that the value of P Pte Ltd was in fact
$1.8m, as the book value was a depressed value. The fact that the company
received substantial annual rentals (as evident from its 2010, 2011, and 2012
accounts of $364,020, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 132.

$412,346, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 159.

and $444,408 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 184.

) showed that it was a valuable going concern. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 35.

The net tangible asset approach would not have taken this into consideration.
While there was logic in counsel’s argument, in absence of an expert opinion
as to the extent of the additional margin, I nevertheless preferred a more
conservative approach of using the book value as a base, and adding the
enhanced valuation of the commercial properties to the book value, still
following the initial approach of the net tangible asset value. Thus, adding
the enhanced value of the commercial properties to the net asset value of P
Pte Ltd reflected in the 2012 accounts, $2,454,430, came to $3,309,791. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 24/3/2014 (PA9/PA2) at p 164.

Dividing then by the number of shares, the value ascribed to each share was
$4.73. The Husband’s 281,660 P Pte Ltd shares were therefore valued at
$1,331,790 (rounded down to nearest dollar).

Disputed assets

18 This category concerns (a) bank accounts of the Husband; and (b) rental
from the Marsiling HDB which the Wife had retained.

19 Regarding the Husband’s bank accounts, in this case, arising from the
Wife’s requests for discovery, the Husband furnished the Wife instead with a
letter of authorisation to deal directly with his banks. Subsequently, in his
submissions, the Husband objected to the inclusion of certain bank accounts
belonging to him on the basis that the Wife had not disclosed more updated
bank statements in respect of the said accounts which she had allegedly
received from the bank. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 21 and 22.

These accounts were: (a) Standard Chartered Account No XX-X-XXXX20-5
containing $11,673.83 as of 2 January 2009; (b) Maybank Account No X-XXX-XX-
XX70-9 containing $37,572.66 as of 15 January 2012; and (c) OCBC Account No
XX-XXX42-8 containing $9,743.59 as of 19 April 1999.

20 The Husband’s argument here turned the duty of discovery on its head. In
the Husband’s affidavit of assets and means dated 9 April 2013, the above
three bank accounts were listed as belonging to him and containing the exact
balances stated above. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 9/4/2013 (PA 4) at para 8.

Given that these accounts belonged to the Husband, the onus was upon him to
obtain the relevant bank statements as at the agreed Operative Date. Not
having done so, there was no basis for the Husband to then dispute that these
accounts contained the sums stated above on the footing only that the Wife had
not disclosed more updated bank statements. Without updated bank statements
before the court, and given the above bank accounts were disclosed by the
Husband himself as containing the above sums, which the Wife accepted, I
accepted the values proffered.

21 Regarding the rental from the Marsiling HDB, this arose over a period of a
year, and came to either $32,000 (contended by the Husband) or $25,000
(contended by the Wife). The Wife contended that she had the Husband’s
permission to use this sum as additional money for the household. The rental
was deposited into her POSB account, which showed various withdrawals of small
amounts, supporting her evidence that she used the money to run the household.
The remainder of the rental remained in her account which was part of the
asset pool at the time of the asset division. In my view, it was not necessary
to add the difference into the asset pool as the money had been reasonably
spent on the household.

Undisclosed assets and dissipation on part of the Husband

22 The Wife alleged that the Husband had undisclosed assets and that he had
been dissipating assets. Her submission was that these undisclosed and
dissipated assets should be added to the matrimonial pool. These allegations
related to:

(a) 300 shares in A Pte Ltd;

(b) cash withdrawals totalling $313,180 at Marina Bay Sands lost through
gambling;

(c) substantial withdrawals and deposits made from and into two OCBC Moneymax
Accounts (“OCBC OO1”); and

(d) expenditure of $979,000 more than what would and should have been his
reasonable expenditure.

23 The Wife submitted that the Husband’s non-disclosures justified the court
drawing an adverse inference against him. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 66.

She submitted that a substantial sum should be added back into the asset pool.

A Pte Ltd shares

24 A Pte Ltd’s 2012 financial statements showed that the company had a total
share capital of two shares, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/09/2016 at p 58.

and that as of 31 December 2012, the Husband and Ronald each held one share in
A Pte Ltd. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/09/2016 at p 56.

The Husband thus had a 50% stake in A Pte Ltd. The 2012 financial statements
also showed that A Pte Ltd’s net asset value was a negative figure ($27,923).
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/09/2016 at p 58.

For these reasons I did not ascribe a value to A Pte Ltd for the purposes of
the asset pool. Nevertheless, I noted that the Husband did not disclose his
shareholding in A Pte Ltd until very late in the day, following multiple
queries from the Wife on his said shareholding. In my view, this lent support
to the Wife’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
Husband given his lack of full and frank disclosure about his assets.

Husband’s gambling expenses

25 The Husband admitted that he spent $310,180 gambling at MBS. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA17) at p 33.

The Wife asked for this sum to be added back to the pool. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 84.

The Husband, however, submitted that the Wife knew about his gambling habit
all along and had not objected to it.

26 A useful preliminary point to note was that the evidence showed withdrawals
from the ATM at MBS: the Husband may or may not have used the full sum for the
purposes of gambling at MBS. Secondly, regarding the Husband’s contention that
the Wife was aware he gambled, the Wife, while conceding that the Husband had
a gambling habit, stated that she was not aware of its full extent. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 1/4/2015 (DA 5) at para 12.

In light of the various circumstances, I found it equitable to add $150,000
back into the matrimonial pool, slightly less than half the amount in
contention.

OCBC 001

27 The Wife asserted that from 2008 to 2014, the total deposits (above $5,000)
into OCBC 001 which could not be accounted for (having excluded moneys from
CPF and the Husband’s disclosed salary) totalled $3,350,982.95. The total
unaccounted for withdrawals in the same time period, excluding the sum of
$1,546,249.84 the Husband estimated as his expenses (which assumed the Husband
spent $19,000 per month), amounted to $2,506,079.39. The Wife submitted that
the source of these deposits, and the reasons for the withdrawals, were not
known. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 1/4/2015 (DA 5) at paras 9-11; Defendant’s
submissions at paras 67-83.

28 In relation to the deposits, the Husband’s evidence was that they come from
(a) dividends from P Pte Ltd, (b) insurance payouts, (c) 4D winnings, (d) CPF,
(e) payouts from the Husband’s mother’s insurance policy, (f) sale of shares,
(g) money borrowed (amounting to $971,303), (h) money repaid from others who
borrowed money from him and (i) salary (including director’s fees and bonus).
Most of these explanations were not corroborated by any evidence. He also
could not remember where $423,002.30 worth of deposits came from. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA17) at p 31.

29 The Wife submitted that

(a) the $423,002.30 which was unaccounted for suggested he had income from
other sources; 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 69.

(b) the Husband had significant wealth and he had given no credible reason why
he had to borrow sums amounting to $971,303; 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 70.

and

(c) there were inconsistencies in the Husband’s evidence regarding dividends
received. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defendant’s submissions at para 79.

30 Regarding the withdrawals, the Wife suggested that these were of even
greater concern as these showed the Husband’s dissipation of assets. The
Husband could not remember the purpose of $50,000 worth of withdrawals. For
the rest, he explained that the rest of the withdrawals above $5,000 went
towards (a) repayment of debts and granting of loans extended to other people,
(b) CPF withdrawals given to the Wife, (c) payment of car loans, (d) payment
for the purchase of shares, (e) renovation of the Condominium, (f) payment for
the Condominium, (g) expenses (including monthly allowances to the Wife) and
(h) money spent gambling at Marina Bay Sands (“MBS”). 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA17) at pp 23-53.

31 The Wife’s main complaint regarding his explanations is that many of the
Plaintiff’s explanations were not corroborated by evidence. There was some
merit to this complaint:

(a) Withdrawals totalling $891,667.87, 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at p 49.

which were allegedly loan repayments or loans extended to others by the
Husband, were completely uncorroborated by evidence.

(b) The Husband had refused to disclose the sum outstanding in his share
account nor did he give an account of the shares he held. Withdrawals were,
however, explained away as share purchases with “DBS Vickers Ballas”. Only a
few of these transactions were supported with corresponding documentation. The
unsupported withdrawals allegedly for share purchases amounted to
approximately $300,000. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at pp 25 and 49.

(c) There were other miscellaneous payments (eg, “Payment to Ang Seah Hoe”)
which were not explained by the evidence. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 14/3/2016 (PA16) at p 25, Jan 2008 withdrawal of
$18,000.

The unexplained deposits support counsel for the Wife’s submissions that the
Husband had income from various sources that were not disclosed, such as
rental from the properties owned by P Pte Ltd, other business dealings and so
forth. The additional substantial unexplained withdrawals strongly suggested a
pattern of dissipation by the Husband.

Other expenses totalling $979,000

32 The Wife submitted that the Husband’s expenses of approximately $1.5m over
the relevant period far exceeded his reasonable expenses of $7,886 per month
as stated in his affidavit of assets and means dated 9 April 2013. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defendant’s submissions at paras 86-88.

Compared to her frugal habits, the Wife asserted that the Husband’s high
expenditure resulted in the matrimonial assets being recklessly dissipated.
Given that the Husband had not properly accounted for his high expenditure,
apart from asserting that much of it had been spent on gambling, this lent
weight to the inference that he had dissipated assets.

Adverse inference

33 In ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v ANK”) at [29], the Court of Appeal
held that the court had the power to draw adverse inferences against a party
who had failed to make full and frank disclosure of his assets. In my view, it
was reasonable, in this case, to draw a conclusion that the Husband had funds
elsewhere. First, the pattern of discovery showed that that the Husband was
chary of giving information unless required. The Husband did not disclose his
A Pte Ltd shares until confronted by the Wife. More importantly, his share
account, while admitted in the course of an interrogatory, was not disclosed:
the Husband rather nonchalantly stated that it was “not relevant”. Second,
there were substantial unexplained withdrawals from OCBC 001, and third,
unexplained high expenses.

34 Regarding the specific sum, the Wife suggested adding back $1,979,000 for
OCBC 001 and unexplained expenditure. The Husband’s case, however, was that he
was “rolling money around”, through loans and their subsequent repayment, to
meet his business needs. Counsel for the Wife pointed out, however, that
between the deposits and withdrawals, a significant sum had been siphoned out:
he estimated this as at least $1,019,479.30, over and above the dissipation of
$979,000 in expenses and $313,180 for gambling. It was also clear from the
Husband’s notation of deposit and withdrawal for the purposes of his share
account that his undisclosed share account would have at least $300,000. I
decided to add a conservative sum of $500,000 to the asset pool arising from
the adverse inference I had drawn against him.

Husband’s liabilities

35 The Husband contended he was subject to the following liabilities:

(a) $200,000 owed to his friend Ronald;

(b) $137,582 owed to his friend Ramakrishnan;

(c) $70,000 owed to P Pte Ltd; and

(d) $18,213.18 owed to DBS.

36 I first considered the alleged debt owed to Ronald. In the earlier
affidavits, both the Husband and Ronald asserted that a sum of $268,642.50 was
owed by the Husband to Ronald. In the light of OCBC bank statements showing
the loan’s repayment, on 6 April 2015, Ronald filed an affidavit to say that
the debt has been repaid 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Affidavit of Ronald Charles Klyne dated 25/3/2015 (PA 12) at para 4.

and the Husband also filed an affidavit to retract the claim that he owed
Ronald $268,642.50 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 25/3/2015 (PA 13/PA 7) at para 6.

. Subsequently, in his second affidavit dated 19 May 2016, the Husband claimed
for the first time that he owed Ronald a further sum of $200,000, which he
received into his account on 18 April 2011. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA 17) at para 28.

Ronald filed an affidavit on 19 May 2016 to corroborate the Husband’s claim
that a debt of $200,000 was still owing to him. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Affidavit of Ronald Charles Klyne dated 19/5/2016 (PA 19).

The Wife pointed out that although it has been some 5 years since the
disbursement of the loan, no part of it has been repaid nor was there any
evidence of any demand for repayment made by Ronald. At the same time, the
Husband had prepared a ledger of alleged loans to various persons but there is
no entry relating to Ronald; instead an 18 April 2011 movement of $200,000 is
described as a dividend. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s reply affidavit dated 6/5/2015 (PA 14) at pp 284-297.

In light of the unsatisfactory nature of the evidence, I did not take account
of this loan.

37 Similarly, the claim that a debt of $137,582 was owed to Ramakrishnan only
surfaced for the first time in the Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19 May 2016. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA 17) at para 29.

On the same day, Ramakrishnan filed an affidavit in support of the Husband’s
claim that the Husband owed him $87,530. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

KKU Ramakrishnan’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA 18) at para 4.

This discrepancy between the quantum of debt the Husband and Ramakrishnan
claimed was explained by reference to a difference in disbursement dates.
Nevertheless, this allegation surfaced for the first time only in May 2016. In
two affidavits filed by the Husband earlier, on 6 May 2015 and 18 January
2016, this debt of $137,582 did not appear on the list of debts the Husband
claimed were owed by him as of 28 January 2013. To date, the debt remains
unpaid and there is no evidence that Ramakrishnan has demanded repayment of
it. In the circumstances, there was insufficient evidence for me to find that
the Husband owed Ramakrishnan any money.

38 As for the $70,000 debt allegedly owed to P Pte Ltd, the documents
suggested that this loan was disbursed in two parts: a $50,000 loan and then a
$20,000 loan. To first deal with the $20,000, the Husband had exhibited a
payment voucher of $20,000 dated 22 February 2012 made out to him and
described as “staff loan”. This was supported by a corresponding OCBC debit
note dated 22 February 2012 showing a corresponding $20,000 cheque deposit
into his account and the debit note described the transaction as “STAFF LOAN”
under “Additional Details”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 18/1/2016 (PA 15) at pp 119-120.

The only evidence supporting the alleged $50,000 loan was an OCBC debit note
dated 10 January 2012 for $50,000. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 18/1/2016 (PA 15) at p 121.

On balance, I found that the documentary evidence was insufficient to prove
that the Husband did indeed owe P Pte Ltd $70,000. There was no evidence as to
why the money was borrowed, and the terms on which it was borrowed, or that
there was any intention to repay the debt.

39 The $18,213.18 debt allegedly owed to DBS was supported by a bank
statements dated 31 December 2012 and 1 January 2013. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 18/1/2016 (PA 15) at pp 117-118.

However, the Husband was not able to provide an account of why this sum was
borrowed and whether it was a valid expense for the benefit of the family. I
therefore rejected this debt.

Final table of assets

40 I conclude with parties’ pool of matrimonial assets:

Table 1 : Asset Table  
---  
| | |   
S/No.| Asset Description| Court's Determination ($)| Remarks  
Assets in joint names  
1| Marsiling HDB | $600,000.00| Marginally lower value used  
2| The Condominium| $1,400,000.00| Average of two close valuations  
Sub Total| $2,000,000.00| -  
Assets in sole name of Husband  
|  |  |   
3| Shares held with P Pte Ltd (S) Pte Ltd| $1,331,790.00 | Finding of Court  
4| AXA Prudential Policy | $26,227.73 | Agreed  
5| Prudential Life| $11,949.91 | Agreed  
6| Standard Chartered as at 02/01/09, about $11,673.83| $11,673.83 | Wife’s value accepted  
7| Maybank as at 15/6/2012, about $37,572.66| $37,572.66 | Wife’s value accepted  
8| OCBC XX-XXX42-8 as at 19/4/99, about $9,743.59| $9,743.59 | Wife’s value accepted  
9| OCBC 001 (A)| $5,916.72 | Agreed  
10| OCBC 001 (B)| $56,604.98 | Agreed  
11| Motorcar | $26,000.00 | After deduction for hire purchase   
12| CPF Ordinary account| $23,660.72 | Agreed  
13| CPF Special account| $43,500.00 | Agreed  
14| CPF Medisave account| $1,686.12 | Agreed  
15| CPF Retirement account| $65,163.27 | Agreed  
16| Sum allocated for shares, adverse inference and gambling| $650,000.00 | Added   
|  |  |   
Sub Total| $2,301,489.53|  
Assets in sole name of Wife  
16| POSB 26-9| $248,676.17 | Money from relatives included   
17| POSB XXX-XXX89-3| $3,898.71 | Agreed  
18| POSB XXX-XXX89-7| $989.87 | Agreed  
19| CPF Ordinary account| $123.44 | Agreed  
20| CPF Medisave account| $2,424.59 | Agreed  
21| CPF Retirement account| $14,094.65 | Agreed  
22| Jewellery| $8,500.00 | H's claims not proved  
23| AIA Insuance Policy A| $46,275.62 | Agreed  
24| AIA Insurance Policy B| $0.00 | No surrender value  
25| AIA Insurance Policy C| $0.00 | No surrender value  
26| AIA Insurance Policy D| $0.00 | No surrender value  
27| 1,360 SingTel Discounted shares| $4,962.00 | Agreed  
|  |  |   
Sub Total| $329,945.05| -  
Total value of all assets| $4,631,434.58| -  
| | |   
  
Division of the pool

41 Having defined the pool of matrimonial assets, I now explain how I divided
the pool.

Applicable legal principles

42 The Court of Appeal set out a structured approach in ANJ v ANK (at
[22]–[26], [28]) to work out a just and equitable division of matrimonial
assets:

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both financial and non-financial contributions;
and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above, keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight, and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other. Adjustments could also be made in respect of
other relevant factors under ss 112 or 114(1) of the Women’s Charter.

Direct contribution ratio

43 The Husband computed the Wife’s direct contribution as 1.25% and his at
98.75%. The Husband only gave credit to the Wife for her CPF contribution of
$15,819.07 to the Marsiling HDB. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 114.

The Wife computed her direct contribution as 2.18%. She submitted that she
should additionally be given credit for her $15,000 contribution to
renovations of the Condominium and for her $30,000 contribution to renovations
of the Marsiling HDB. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 21/1/2016 (DAM 1) at para 21.

44 There was insufficient evidence to determine whether the Wife did indeed
contribute to the renovations of the Condominium and the Marsiling HDB. On a
“rough and ready approximation” (see ANJ v ANK (at [23])), I set the direct
contribution ratio for the pool at 2:98 in favour of the Husband.

Indirect contribution ratio

45 This was a very long marriage that had lasted almost 33 years up to the
date of the IJ.

46 The Wife proposed an indirect contribution ratio of 90:10 in her favour.
She asserted that she contributed to paying for the family’s expenses early on
in the marriage before the Husband’s business took off. She also asserted that
the Husband travelled overseas frequently and that she cared for their
daughter with little help from him. She had experienced three painful
miscarriages prior to giving birth to their daughter. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 21/1/2016 (DAM 1) at para 22(f)–(m).

Further, the Husband was hardly by her side during her pregnancy and she did
all the household chores.

47 The Husband proposed an indirect contribution ratio of 60:40 in his favour.
He asserted that he was very supportive during the Wife’s pregnancy and that
he participated in caring for her family (her parents and brother). He also
asserted that he took care of their daughter when she was sick and that he
would fetch her to and from school at times. He claimed that he would fix
things around the house (eg, light bulbs, tap) and that he oversaw the
renovations of their matrimonial house. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 22/1/2016 (PA 15) at para 26(ii).

Finally, he claimed that the Wife neglected him and their daughter when her
parents started living with them as her attention was solely on her parents.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 19/5/2016 (PA 17/PAM 2) at para 21(h).

48 It was undisputed that the Husband was the sole breadwinner and that he
spent most of his day working and travelled very frequently. As a result, the
Wife was the main person maintaining the household. She also contributed to
the household expenses at the beginning of the marriage, before the Husband’s
business took off. While the Husband did make some effort to take care of
their daughter and the household, his contributions were limited given that he
was busy with work most of the time. While the Wife did take care of her
family in their home, this was with the agreement of the Husband. In the
circumstances, I set the indirect contribution ratio at 75:25 in favour of the
Wife.

Adjustment of the average ratio

49 In ANJ v ANK at [27], the Court of Appeal highlighted three considerations
that can affect the weightage of the ratios: the length of the marriage, the
size of the assets and its constituents, and the extent and nature of the
indirect contributions made. Indirect contributions feature more prominently
in long marriages. Taking into account the 33-year marriage between the
parties, I awarded the indirect contributions ratio a 65% weight in this case.
The adjusted ratio was thus computed as follows:

Table 2: Adjusted Ratio Computation

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Step 1 Ratio| 98| 2  
Step 1 Ratio (35% weight) | 34.3| 0.7   
Step 2 Ratio| 25| 75  
Step 2 Ratio (65% weight)| 16.25| 48.75  
The Step 3 adjusted ratio| 50.55| 49.45  
  
50 Taking all the circumstances into account, I found that a 50:50 split of
assets to be a just and equitable division, for reasons which follow.

Reasons for the final ratio

51 It was clear in this case that the Husband’ contribution was as the fee
earner, and the Wife’s was in the home. It was, by all measures, a very long
marriage. The couple started in humble circumstances, in one instance with the
Wife having to pawn her jewellery to assist the Husband. Through their joint
efforts in their respective spheres, all of the asset enhancement being
divided was obtained during the marriage. As is usual in cases of divorce,
there were expressions of dissatisfaction on both sides with the other’s
contribution to the marriage. The fact of the matter is that, in this case,
both parties had put in strong and equal effort into the marriage, over a very
long period of time.

52 Of relevance here is the guidance of the Court of Appeal that financial and
non-financial contributions to the household should be equally respected: see
Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520, Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim
Heng [2001] 2 SLR(R) 260 (“Lim Choon Lai”), Tan Hwee Lee v Tan Cheng Guan and
another appeal and another matter [2012] 4 SLR 785. Also, in NK v NL [2007] 3
SLR(R) 743 at [41], the Court of Appeal affirmed the principle that the
process of matrimonial division of assets “must involve a mutual respect for
spousal contributions, whether in the economic or homemaking spheres, as both
roles are equally fundamental to the well-being of the marital partnership”.
The Court of Appeal added that financial and non-financial contributions
should be put “on an equal footing” (at [27]). In ANJ v ANK (at [17] and
[26]), the Court of Appeal reiterated the guidance of Lim Choon Lai (at [14])
and NK v NL (at [41]) that spousal contributions in both the economic and
home-making spheres are equally fundamental to the well-being of a martial
partnership.

53 In such cases of long marriage where parties have ordered their lives where
one party concentrates solely on the home and family, strictly applying steps
(a) and (b) of the ANJ v ANK approach without adjusting the ratio at step (c)
may lead to a greater emphasis on financial rather than non-financial
contributions. In the first step of the direct contribution ratio, parties’
direct contributions are based on their financial contributions to the
matrimonial assets. The parties’ indirect contributions comprise both their
financial and non-financial contributions to the welfare of the household,
above and beyond their financial contributions to the matrimonial assets.
Given that financial contributions feature in computing both the direct and
indirect contributions ratio, the Court, in cases such as the present, must
adjust the final ratio such that there is no role discrimination weighing in
favour of the fee earner. Such a conclusion would be contrary to the well-
established position that courts give equal respect to the economic and
homemaking spheres given the fundamental importance of each role to the well-
being and flourishing of the marital partnership. In following the three-part
analysis in dividing parties’ assets, the Court’s singular statutory duty is
to ensure that the final result brings a just and equitable closure to
parties’ joint lives. As stated by the Court of Appeal in ANJ v ANK (at [30]):
“The controlling principle has always been and remains that the court must
approach the exercise with broad strokes based on its feel of what is just and
equitable on the facts of the case.”

Value of the Wife’s half share

54 The total value of the matrimonial assets came up to $4,631,434.58. The
Wife was entitled to 50% of that, which was $2,315,717.29. Deducting the
assets held in the Wife’s name (which have been valued at $329,945.05),
$1,985,772.24 remained payable to the Wife.

Maintenance for the Wife

55 In 2013, the Husband’s monthly income was approximately $12,906.92. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 22/1/2016 (PA 15) at para 9.

His counsel indicated that his monthly income was $12,000 at the time of the
hearing. The Husband estimated that his monthly expenses amounted to $7,886.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 22/1/2016 (PA 15) at para 20.

The Husband proposed to give the Wife $1,000 per month and the daughter $1,500
per month as maintenance. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s affidavit dated 22/1/2016 (PA 15) at para 32.

He objected to a lump sum maintenance award as he claimed that he did not have
enough savings and also submitted that the fact he had been dutifully paying
$2,500 to the Wife suggested he was unlikely to default. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at paras 105-110.

56 It was clear from the evidence that the Husband enjoyed income over and
above his declared monthly income. This explained why he could have such high
monthly expenditures. His counsel conceded that his expenses of $1,073,004 for
a period of 61 months came to $17,590 per month. ACRA searches conducted by
counsel for the Wife showed that the Husband was involved in many businesses.
P Pte Ltd also seemed to be a source of income. He explained on affidavit that
P Pte Ltd was resting on rental income, and he receives a portion of that
rental income. Referencing his 40% share of the $444,408 obtained annually
after deducting expenses, his rental income would be $123,000 annually. This
was a steady income stream that was stable. From the Husband’s spending
pattern, it was clear that he had recourse to other sources of funds.

57 The Wife was last a clerk and would have difficulty re-entering the labour
market after being a home-maker for many years. Since June 2012 to the
present, the Husband had been giving the Wife monthly maintenance of $2,500
for herself and the Child. The Wife claimed that she had other expenses which
she had been using her savings for and that the $2,500 from the Husband had
been insufficient. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 21/1/2016 (DAM 1) at para 16.

She also claimed that her financial situation was ameliorated by the fact that
from August 2012 to August 2013, the Husband had allowed her to keep the
rental of $2,600 from the Marsiling HDB, which meant that she effectively had
$5,100 to spend each month. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 21/1/2016 (DAM 1) at para 18.

Her monthly maintenance claim for herself and her daughter was $3,043.44 and
$2,193.33 respectively. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s affidavit dated 21/1/2016 (DAM 1) at para 16.

58 A lump sum award was appropriate because of the desirability of a clean
break between the spouses in this case, especially in light of the animosity
between them. Affordability was not an issue for the Husband. The Wife asked
for a lump sum based on a 12-year period. Because the Wife had been awarded a
substantial sum of assets pursuant to the division of matrimonial property and
because the Court’s power to order maintenance is supplementary to that to
divide assets (see ATE v ATD and another appeal [2016] SGCA 2 at [33]), I
decided to award the Wife a small lump sum to ease the transition. I set this
sum at $171,422, using a sum of $3,000 per month, discounted using the net
present value formula over five years with an assumption of interest at 2% per
annum.

Implementation of orders

59 Adding the sum the Wife was entitled to pursuant to the division of assets,
namely, $1,985,772.24, and the lump sum maintenance of $171,422 awarded to the
Wife, a total sum of $2,157,194 (nearest dollar) was payable to the Wife. In
the circumstances, I found that the best way of effecting my decision on the
division of matrimonial assets and maintenance was to order, inter alia, that
the Husband transfer the Condominium and the Marsiling HDB to the Wife. This
addresses the needs of the family in ensuring that the Wife and their daughter
would continue to have stability. The Wife is also advanced in age and would
be disadvantaged in the job market in the light of her many years as a home-
maker. This would allow her a stable source of income from rental collected
from the Marsiling HDB. While the Husband was living at the Marsiling HDB, he
had previously rented property elsewhere for a year, allowing the Wife the
benefit of the rental. His business interests indicated that he was also
experienced on the property market and given his various sources of funds,
would be able to find alternative accommodation easily.

60 Given that the two properties were valued at $2m, the Husband was ordered
to pay a further sum of $157,194 to the Wife. Specifically, I ordered that the
Husband was to pay the Wife the first $100,000 in three months, and the
remainder $57,194 within three months thereafter. Parties were to keep all
other assets in their own names.

Child orders

61 The Husband and Wife were given joint custody of the Child, with care and
control to the Wife and liberal access to the Husband.

62 The Child is 19 and will complete her polytechnic education in 2017. For
the Child’s maintenance, in accordance with the Husband’s prior proposal, I
awarded the Child $1,500 per month until she completed her education. The
Husband was ordered to credit the monthly maintenance of $1,500 to the Child
on the first day of each month with effect from 1 November 2016.

Costs

63 In the case at hand, the Husband initially obtained ancillary orders in
absence of the Wife’s participation. Upon the Wife’s application to set the
judgment aside, the High Court previously decided that, while the order for
the division of assets obtained in the Wife’s absence was regular, the orders
made ought to be set aside. Costs of that setting aside were reserved to me.
The Wife asked for those costs as well as the costs of the hearing on the
ancillary matters before me.

64 In general, costs are not ordered in matrimonial cases; nevertheless, the
court exercises its discretion to do so in appropriate cases: see rr 854(b),
856, and 857, Family Justice Rules 2014 (GN S 813/2014), and Cheung Kam Yi
Betty v Liu Tsun Kie [2012] SGHC 213 at [79]. Costs remain an important tool
in regulating the litigation process in family cases, in discouraging
misconduct and incentivising sensible behaviour on the part of litigants.

65 Of relevance here was the Husband’s significant non-disclosure. In the
Husband’s first affidavit filed for the ancillary matters, there were non-
disclosures in the areas both of his salary - in the previous proceedings he
stated it was $8,000 per month whereas later he admitted it was over $12,000 a
month - as well as his assets, where various businesses had not been
disclosed. Even after that judgment was set aside, the Husband did not do much
better on disclosure in the second set of ancillary matters. The enhanced
value of the properties held by P Pte Ltd came to light during his
interrogatories and it was the Wife who sought and obtained an updated
valuation of the properties held by the company after queries from the Court.
Another company, A Pte Ltd, was discovered by the Wife in the course of
litigation and the Husband conceded when confronted by the Wife. Disclosure of
his bank accounts, obtained by the Wife after a discovery application, led to
information as to withdrawals and expenditure that were ill explained. As at
the hearing of the second set of ancillary issues, the Court still had not had
sight of his share trading account, information he dismissed, in answer to an
interrogatory, as “irrelevant”.

66 Such conduct must be discouraged, for several reasons. Fundamentally, in
family cases, where there is no general process of inspection and discovery
applicable to other kinds of civil litigation, parties’ disclosure of their
assets is fundamental to the exercise of the court’s discretion. The principle
of full and frank disclosure applies not only to contested proceedings but
also to exchanges of information between parties and their solicitors leading
to consent orders without further inquiry of the court: see Livesey (formerly
Jenkins) Respondent and Jenkins Appellant [on Appeal From Jenkins V. Livesey
(formerly Jenkins)] [1985] 1 AC 424. Thus, although the Wife did not
participate in the initial hearing of the ancillary matters and the judgment
thereby obtained was regular, the onus was upon the Husband to give the Court
full and frank disclosure even in his first affidavit. The court’s ability to
exercise its statutory discretion under the Women’s Charter rests upon
parties’ compliance with their duty of disclosure and respect for the
processes of the Court. Secondly, the “catch-me-if-you-can” attitude leads to
an inevitable sequence of requests for documents, interrogatories and
disclosure by further affidavits. This increases the costs and length of
litigation, and is unhelpful to an orderly assessment of evidence and
adjudication of issues. Finally, such conduct also increases emotional strain
and conflict between parties, often with adverse impact on any children within
the family.

67 In the circumstances, I found it just to award the Wife the costs of the
setting aside and the subsequent hearing of the ancillary matters before me. I
fixed these costs, in the round, at $15,000 (inclusive of disbursements).

Conclusion

68 In summary, I made the following orders:

(a) The Husband shall transfer his share, interest, and right in the
Condominium and the Marsiling HDB to the Wife. The Wife to bear the costs of
both transfers. The Husband is to effect the transfer of the Condominium
within three months, and the transfer of the Marsiling HDB within six months,
from the date of the judgment, with no reimbursement of the Husband’s CPF
monies.

(b) The Registrar of the Family Justice Courts shall sign the documents
effecting the above transfers if the Husband fails to do so within the
stipulated time and upon the Wife giving the Husband seven days’ written
notice of her intention to effect the transfer.

(c) The Husband is to pay a further sum of $157,194 to the Wife. The first
$100,000 was to be paid in three months, and the remainder $57,194 within
three months thereafter.

(d) Each party is to keep the rest of the assets in his or her own name.

(e) With effect from 1 November 2016, and on the first of each month
thereafter, the Husband shall pay the Child $1,500 per month as maintenance
until she completes her education.

(f) Parties have joint custody of the Child, with care and control to the
Wife, and liberal access to the Husband.

(g) Costs, fixed at $15,000 (inclusive of disbursements), to be paid by the
Husband to the Wife.

(h) Liberty to apply.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Gangadharan Prasanna Devi (Prasanna Devi LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Jayamani Jose Charles (Jose Charles & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

