Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 48

Suit No 228 of 2015  

Between

LEE TAT CHENG

… Plaintiff

And

MAKA GPS TECHNOLOGIES PTE LTD

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Patents and Inventions] — [Validity]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Novelty]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Inventive step]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Infringement]

[Patents and Inventions] — [Groundless threat]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lee Tat Cheng

  
v

  

Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 48

High Court — Suit No 228 of 2015  
George Wei J  
2–5 August 2016; 30 September 2016

13 March 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 This suit revolves around a patent for an in-vehicle camera that can be used
to record events before, during and after an accident. The plaintiff commenced
the action claiming that the defendant’s offering of three of its devices for
sale constitutes an infringement of the plaintiff’s patent. The defendant
alleges that the plaintiff’s patent is invalid, and if valid, is not
infringed. It counterclaims for groundless threats of proceedings.

2 The trial of this suit was heard over four days in August 2016, with closing
submissions filed on 30 September 2016. I now deliver my judgment.

Background facts

3 The plaintiff, Mr Lee Tat Cheng (“the Plaintiff”), is the proprietor of a
patent known as an “automotive accident recordal system” (Patent No 87795)
(“the Patent in Suit”). The patent specification states that the invention
relates to “a system which may be installed in a vehicle, in particular, an
automobile, to record visual data leading up to the event of a dangerous
situation requiring sharp braking or an accident”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) p 115

4 The Patent in Suit was filed on 1 April 1999, published on 16 April 2002 and
granted on 31 May 2002. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“SOC-2”) para 2

Since then, the Plaintiff has renewed the Patent in Suit on a yearly basis,
most recently on 26 January 2015. The Patent in Suit consists of 22 claims, of
which only Claims 1 to 8 are in issue in this case. For convenience, these are
set out in the table below:

Claim| Description  
---|---  
1| A recording system, for installation in or on a vehicle, comprising a
system controller, at least one optical recorder, at least one sensor and an
ignition monitor, the ignition monitor providing means to send a signal to the
system controller on detection of an ignition voltage, the system controller
bring connected to the at least one optical recorder to switch on operation
thereof on receiving said ignition monitor signal, wherein the at least one
sensor is provided to send a signal to the system controller on detection of a
deceleration or impact, the system controller providing means to switch off
the at least one optical recorder after a fixed interval after receiving the
sensor signal.  
2| A recording system as claimed in Claim 1 further comprising a standby power
supply and a timer switch connected to the at least one sensor, the standby
power supply being connectable to the at least one optical recorder on
operation of the timer switch.  
3| A recording system as claimed in Claim 1 or Claim 2 wherein the at least
one optical recorder is provided with an internal memory store.  
4| A recording system as claimed in Claim 1 or Claim 2 wherein the at least
one optical recorder is connected to a separate memory store.  
5| A recording system as claimed in any preceding claim wherein the at least
one sensor is an accelerometer.  
6| A recording system as claimed in any one of Claims 1 to 4 wherein the at
least one sensor is an impact detector.  
7| A recording system as claimed in any preceding claim wherein the at least
one optical recorder is a digital camera.  
8| A recording device as claimed in any of Claims 1 to 6 wherein the at least
one optical recorder is a digital camcorder.  
  
5 It is undisputed that Claims 2 to 8 relate back to Claim 1. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 31; Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 4)
(“DCC-4”) para 11; Defendant’s submissions para 11

6 The mechanics or the working of the invention protected by the Patent in
Suit will be expanded on later in the judgment. For now, it suffices to note
that the invention essentially relates to an in-vehicle camera which turns on
automatically and begins recording images when the driver turns the ignition
key of the vehicle. The camera records in a cyclical fashion. Later pictures
override earlier recorded images such that only the most recent images are
stored. Upon impact or sudden deceleration, such as in the event of an
accident, the main power supply to the camera turns off. The camera instead
receives alternative power from a “standby power supply” and will continue
recording for a fixed interval of five to ten seconds after the main power
supply has been terminated. Thereafter, the standby power supply switches off
and the recording of images stops. The most recently recorded images (ie,
those just before and after the accident) are stored in memory.

7 The defendant, Maka GPS Technologies Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore having its registered office address at 2 Alexandra
Road, #02-03, Singapore 159919. It carries on the business of a wholesaler and
retailer of telecommunication equipment and car accessories parts and
services. It is the exclusive distributor of the following devices in
Singapore: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

SOC-2 paras 3-4A

(a) Marbella MX5 HD Digital Recorder (“MX5”);

(b) Marbella MX6 HD Digital Recorder (“MX6”); and

(c) Marbella QB6 HD Digital Recorder (“QB6”).

(Collectively, “the Devices”)

8 The Devices are marketed under the name “RoadCorder”, and are on-board
cameras for automobiles which continuously record the road ahead while the
vehicle is in motion. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AB 519

It was undisputed that the technical specifications and mode of operation of
each of the Devices are similar. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 15:15-20

The differences between the Devices can be summarised as follows: MX5 is the
most basic model of the three. MX6 is an improved version of MX5 and produces
recordings of a higher resolution and clarity. QB6 is a further improvement on
MX6, and is designed to record the view from both the front and rear of the
automobile in high-definition resolution. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st AEIC of Huang Shih Chia @ Johnny Huang dated 11 November 2015 (“HSC 1st
AEIC”) para 11

These differences, however, are not relevant for the purposes of the present
suit.

9 Mr Huang Shih Chia @ Johnny Huang (“Mr Huang”) is the managing director of
the Defendant. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HSC 1st AEIC para 1

The cease and desist letters

10 It is undisputed that prior to the commencement of the present Suit No 228
of 2015 (“the present suit”), the Plaintiff’s solicitors sent two cease and
desist letters to the Defendant.

11 In the first letter dated 13 February 2014 (“the 13 February 2014 letter”),
the Plaintiff claimed that by selling the MX5 (only), the Defendant had
infringed the Patent in Suit. The Plaintiff demanded that the Defendant
execute a Letter of Undertaking to cease selling the MX5 immediately and to,
within seven days of the Letter of Undertaking: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

HSC 1st AEIC p 27

(a) deliver up all units of the MX5 in its possession;

(b) pay the sum of $50,000 as damages allegedly suffered by the Plaintiff; and

(c) pay the sum of $2,000 for the Plaintiff’s legal and investigative costs.

12 Some eight months later, in the second letter dated 28 October 2014 (“the
28 October 2014 letter”), the Plaintiff claimed that all the three Devices had
infringed the Patent in Suit. The letter stated that the Plaintiff was minded
not to enforce its strict legal rights, provided that the Defendant, within
seven days of the 28 October 2014 letter: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HSC 1st AEIC pp 62-64

(a) Signed a Letter of Undertaking, acknowledging that it had infringed the
Patent in Suit and agreeing to the terms detailed in (b)–(e) below;

(b) Accounted to the Plaintiff the number of units of each product sold, and
paid the sum of $12 per unit sold as a license fee;

(c) Entered into a Licence Agreement for the future sale of the Devices;

(d) Paid costs of $3,750 for the expert opinion obtained to confirm that the
Devices infringed the Patent in Suit; and

(e) Paid costs of $7,500 for the investigation fees and professional fees
incurred with regards to the infringement of the Patent in Suit by the
Devices.

13 It appears that the Defendant did not comply with the Plaintiff’s demands
in both the 13 February 2014 letter and the 28 October 2014 letter
(collectively, “the cease and desist letters”).

The Plaintiff’s pleaded case

14 On 10 March 2015, the Plaintiff commenced the present suit against the
Defendant, alleging that “by offering the [Devices] for sale in Singapore
and/or an external memory store for use with the [Devices] without obtaining
the Plaintiff’s consent, the Defendant has infringed the Plaintiff’s Patent”
under s 66(1) of the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

SOC-2 para 6

The particulars of the alleged infringement are as follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

SOC-2 para 5

Product| Infringing particulars  
---|---  
MX5| (a) MX5 comprises all the features of Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit;(b)
MX5 comprises all the features of Claims 2, 3, 5, 6, 7 and/or 8 of the Patent
in Suit.  
MX6| (a) MX6 comprises all the features of Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit;(b)
MX6 comprises all the features of Claims 2, 3, 5, 6, 7 and/or 8 of the Patent
in Suit.  
QB6| (a) QB6 comprises all the features of Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit;(b)
QB6 comprises all the features of Claims 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and/or 8 of the
Patent in Suit.  
MX5, MX6 and/or QB6| Claim 4 of the Patent in Suit is infringed when:(1) an
external (and separate) memory store is offered to the customers, for free, at
the same time when these customers purchase MX5, MX6 and/or QB6, for use with
MX5, MX6 and/or QB6; and/or (2) the Devices’ optical recorder is connected to
a separate (and external) memory store (in the form of a memory card.  
  
15 The Plaintiff claims the 28 October 2014 letter made known to the Defendant
that he was infringing the Plaintiff’s patent. The Defendant however continued
to offer the Devices for sale, and failed, refused and/or neglected to pay the
Plaintiff any license fees. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

SOC-2 para 7—8

16 The Plaintiff thus claimed a delivery up of the Devices, an account of
profits for the sale of the Devices or damages to be assessed, interest and
costs. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

SOC-2 para 8

The Defence and counterclaim

Invalidity

17 The Defendant’s defence is two-fold. First, the Defendant alleges that the
Patent in Suit is and has always been invalid. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DCC-4 para 6

In this respect, the Defendant filed particulars of objection against the
Patent in Suit pursuant to O 87A r 3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed).

18 The Defendant alleges that the Patent in Suit is not a patentable invention
because it is not novel and does not involve an inventive step, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795 (Amendment No 2) para 2

citing the following documents as prior art:

Prior Art| Document  
---|---  
D1| United States Patent Application No US 4,843,463A (published as 197,673 on
27 June 1989, entitled “Land Vehicle Mounted Audio-Visual Trip Recorder”)  
D2| International Patent Application No WO 98,331,146 (published as
PCT/US97/12129 on 16 July 1998, entitled “Car Cam”)  
D3| International Publication No WO 96/00957 (published as PCT/IB95/00503 on
11 January 1996, entitled “Method and Device in Particular for Enabling the
Causes of an Accident Involving a Vehicle to be Verified by Means of Images of
the Environment Within which the Vehicles in a Moving or Stationary State”)  
D4| International Publication No WO 98/12680 (published as PCT/IT97/00225 on
26 March 1998, entitled “Apparatus for Video-Recording Fortuitous Events
Related to Moving Means of Any Nature”)  
D5| Patent No 5,815,093 (published on 29 September 1998, entitled
“Computerised Vehicle Log”)  
  
19 The Defendant’s position is that Claim 1 is not novel in light of D3, as
all the features of Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit have been disclosed by D3.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795 (Amendment No 2) paras 26-28

In other words, the prior art relied on for the assertion that Claim 1 is
anticipated is limited to D3.

20 The Defendant also asserts that the Claims in the Patent in Suit lack an
inventive step by reason of various combinations of D1 to D5, as well as
common general knowledge. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795 (Amendment No 2) paras 4-19

Non-infringement

21 In the alternative, in the event that the Patent in Suit is held to be
valid, the Defendant argues that it is nonetheless not infringed by the
Defendant’s acts. In this regard, the Defendant’s position is that the
essential features of Claim 1 of the Patent are not found in the Devices: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCC-4 paras 8-10

Essential Features of Claim 1| MX5| MX6| QB6  
---|---|---|---  
An Ignition Monitor| No Ignition Monitor  
Means to send a signal to the system controller on detection of an ignition
voltage| No component to detect ignition voltage and consequently, no means to
send a signal to the system controller on detection of an ignition voltage  
Means to switch off at least one optical recorder after a fixed interval after
receiving the sensor signal| No software or hardware operating as timer or
timer switch  
  
22 The Defendant argues that since Claims 2 to 8 are dependent claims (ie,
claims that relate back to Claim 1), they are consequently also not infringed
by any of the Devices. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCC-4 para 11

Counterclaim

23 The Defendant counterclaims that prior to the issuance of the writ of
summons and statement of claim on 10 March 2015, the Plaintiff made threats by
the cease and desist letters. The cease and desist letters state that the
Defendant has infringed the Patent in Suit by selling MX5 and/or the Devices.
The Defendant claims that the cease and desist letters are groundless threats
of infringement proceedings. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCC-4 paras 16-18

24 The Defendant thus claims a declaration that the Patent in Suit is invalid
and an order that the Patent be revoked. Alternatively, if the Patent in Suit
is found valid, the Defendant seeks a declaration that there is non-
infringement of the Patent in Suit by the Defendant. It also seeks a
declaration that the threats in the cease and desist letters are unjustified,
an injunction to restrain the Plaintiff from continuing such threats against
the Defendant, its officers, servants or agents, as well as damages to be
assessed. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

DCC-4 para 20

The witnesses

25 At the trial, the Plaintiff and the Defendant each called one factual
witness and one expert witness. The Plaintiff was his own factual witness. The
Defendant’s factual witness was Mr Huang, who it will be recalled is the
managing director of the Defendant. Each party also engaged its own patent
agent as an expert witness. The Plaintiff engaged Mr Martin Schweiger (“Mr
Schweiger”) while the Defendant appointed Dr Freeman Yu Zhenhua (“Dr Yu”).
Each expert prepared three reports. I will refer to these reports, where
relevant, in the course of my decision.

Issues

26 In light of the above, the main issues before this court are as follows:

(a) Patent construction;

(b) Validity of the Patent in Suit;

(c) Infringement of the Patent in Suit; and

(d) The Defendant’s counterclaim for groundless threats of proceedings.

27 Before delving into the main issues, I make a few preliminary observations
about the expert witnesses in this trial. This is necessary since the parties’
submissions have raised some issues on the reliability of the expert evidence,
in particular, the evidence of the Defendant’s expert, Dr Yu.

Preliminary observations: expert evidence

The legal principles

28 I begin by summarising the role of experts in legal proceedings involving
patent law. In patent invalidity and patent infringement proceedings, experts
are almost always called to give evidence to assist the court. This would
include evidence on the meaning of technical words and phrases in the patent
specification, the scope of the claims in the patent and what exactly is
disclosed by the prior art: see David Llewelyn, “The Use of Experts in Legal
Proceedings in Singapore Involving Intellectual Property Rights” (2013) 25
SAcLJ 480 (“Llewelyn”) at para 4. The questions of law that must be answered
depend on the legal issue that has arisen. For example, in some cases it may
be whether there was sufficient disclosure of the claimed invention in the
specifications such that the claimed invention can be performed by the skilled
reader. In other cases, it may be whether the claimed invention is novel (ie,
anticipated by the prior art) or involves an inventive step. Frequently, it
will concern the question as to whether the defendant’s product or process
infringes the plaintiff’s patent by reason of it embodying all the essential
elements of the claimed invention. No matter what the question of law is,
expert evidence can be helpful in explaining technical language, to
demonstrate the practical working of the invention and to point out
differences between the prior art and the claimed invention as well as
differences between the claimed invention and alleged infringement. But when
all is said and done, the questions of law are for the Court alone to decide.

29 In short, the expert’s role is to assist the court in its task of viewing
the patent claims through the eyes of the person skilled in the art at the
time the patent was applied for. This person is also known as the “notional
skilled reader”. The notional skilled reader has long been recognised as an
artificial legal construct. He is not necessarily an individual who is an
“expert” in the relevant field. The description of the attributes of the
notional skilled reader by Laddie J in Pfizer Ltd’s Patent [2001] FSR 16 at
[62] bears repeating:

…[The notional skilled reader] is a legal creation… He is deemed to have
looked at and read publicly available documents and to know of public uses in
the prior art. He understands all languages and dialects. He never misses the
obvious nor stumbles on the inventive. He has no private idiosyncratic
preferences or dislikes. He never thinks laterally. He differs from all real
people in one or more of these characteristics. …

30 In essence, a notional skilled reader should fulfil the following criteria:

(a) possess common general knowledge of the subject matter in question;

(b) have a practical interest in the subject matter of the patent or be likely
to act on the directions given in it; and

(c) Whilst unimaginative, be reasonably intelligent and wish to make the
directions of the patent work.

See Mcghan Medical UK Ltd v Nagor Limited (Case No CH 1999 1720), cited in A
Guide to Patent Law in Singapore (Alban Kang gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed,
2009) (“A Guide to Patent Law in Singapore”) at para 7.2.5. It is well-
established that it is ultimately for the court to decide who the relevant
person skilled in the art is. For example, in Ng Kok Cheng v Chua Say Tiong
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 326, Judith Prakash J (as she then was) found (at [23]) that
the defendant’s expert did not possess the skills and attributes of the
notional skilled reader to whom the patent specification was addressed.
Because of this finding, Prakash J held that the defendant had failed to
adduce any expert evidence on the art.

31 The learned author of A Guide to Patent Law in Singapore comments (at para
7.2.9) that “[a]s far as possible, experts should possess the relevant
technical knowledge or experience”. The author also states that “[p]atent
agents… are not deemed to be an expert even though they have the relevant
technical qualifications”. The question as to whether a patent agent can give
expert evidence must depend on the facts and circumstances of each case. This
will include the experience of the patent agent in working in the relevant
field of art (if any). I also agree with the observation by Jacob LJ in in
SmithKline Beecham plc and others v Apotex Europe Ltd and others [2004] All ER
(D) 431 at [52] that what is important is “not so much the expert’s personal
view but his reasons for that view”. The court must examine the expert’s
reasons against the standard of “the notional unimaginative skilled man”.

32 In Mühlbauer AG v Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd [2010] 2 SLR 724
(“Mühlbauer”), Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA underscored (at [48]) the reality
that many experts would not themselves fall within the category of the
notional skilled reader, as the expert might possess extraordinary knowledge
which goes beyond what a reasonable person skilled in the art would possess.
Indeed, the real-life expert is likely to possess imagination and the ability
to think outside of the box. Take for example, Albert Einstein who was an
assistant patent examiner at the Swiss Patent Office at the time when his
ground-breaking papers on Brownian motion, the photoelectric effect (for which
he was awarded the Nobel Prize 1921), special relativity and the relationship
between mass and energy were published in 1905. On the other hand, as Laddie J
also observed in Pfizer Ltd’s Patent (at [63]), the genius (real-life expert)
can sometimes also miss the obvious.

33 Above all, an expert must realise that he is not an advocate for the
position adopted by the party retaining him, and “his advocacy is limited to
supporting his independent views and not his client’s cause” (Vita Health
Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng [2004] SLR(R) 162 (“Vita Health”) at
[83]). He must “remain detached from the fray and should not have any interest
in the outcome of the proceedings nor partiality to the facts in issue”: Vita
Health at [80].

34 This is particularly evident from O 40A r 2 and r 3(2)(h) of the Rules of
Court which make it clear that the expert’s duty to the court is higher than
that to his client:

Expert’s duty to the Court (O. 40A, r. 2)

2.—(1) It is the duty of an expert to assist the Court on the matters within
his expertise.

(2) This duty overrides any obligation to the person from whom he has received
instructions or by whom he is paid.

Requirements of expert’s evidence (O. 40A, r. 3)

…

(2) An expert’s report must —

…

(h) contain a statement that the expert understands that in giving his report,
his duty is to the Court and that he complies with that duty.

[emphasis added]

35 Unfortunately, it has been observed that despite the clear legislative
provisions, the difficulties generated by the issue of bias with regards to
experts for the respective parties (whether with or without merit) are
“perennial in nature” (Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [44]), perhaps because of the
fact that at the very core, every expert is appointed and remunerated by the
party who has engaged his or her services. In cases of such allegations, the
relevant test is that of actual partiality, rather than merely the appearance
of partiality: Mühlbauer at [47]. Indeed, Llewelyn comments at para 26 that
the expert need not be independent (he could be an employee in appropriate
circumstances), although he usually is in order to avoid accusations of bias.

Is the Defendant’s expert a person skilled in the art?

36 I now move on to deal with some preliminary issues relating to the expert
witnesses in the trial of the present suit, which the Plaintiff raises. The
first relates to the qualifications of the expert witness. This mainly arises
from the Plaintiff’s submission that Dr Yu, the Defendant’s expert witness,
“does not have sufficient experience and/or knowledge in the art”. According
to the Plaintiff, this is ostensibly because Dr Yu has never been directly
engaged in the automobile or automobile-related industry. Instead, his work
experience mainly involved the maintaining of blast furnaces, automation
equipment in the clothing industry, and the designing of irons. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 13-14

The Plaintiff also relies on Dr Yu’s own candid admission at trial that he was
“a competent person, not a skilled person”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript 5 August 2016 21:8-11

By contrast, the Plaintiff says that its own expert, Mr Schweiger, is well-
versed in the relevant art as demonstrated by his curriculum vitae. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 20; Bundle of Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
(“BA”) 160-167 and 433-434

37 I find the Plaintiff’s allegation that Dr Yu does not possess the necessary
experience and knowledge to provide expert evidence to be without merit. In my
view, Dr Yu, who is a patent agent, qualifies as an expert who is able to
assist this court on the meaning of the technical words used in the
specifications and claims, the prior art, the workings of the claimed
invention and the alleged infringing Devices.

38 In reaching this decision, I am mindful that a qualified patent agent does
not become an “expert” simply because of that qualification. Instead, I have
reached my conclusion on Dr Yu’s suitability to provide expert evidence based
on his engineering qualifications and previous work experience. Dr Yu
possesses a Graduate Diploma in Metallurgical Machinery from the Shanghai
College of Metallurgy (1990), a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechatronic Engineering
(Robotics) from Shanghai University (1995) and a Doctor of Philosophy in
Engineering from the University of Birmingham, UK (2000). Dr Yu is also a
Member of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, UK and the Institution of
Engineering and Technology, UK. One of his specialisations, as stated in his
curriculum vitae, is in machinery and electronics. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

BA pp 252 and 254

Indeed, Dr Yu has work experience in the area of computer-aided design and
computer-aided manufacturing. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 p 34 lines 13-14

The view that I have formed is that his qualifications and his work experience
in area of electronics and control systems is consistent with Dr Yu possessing
common general knowledge of the subject matter of the Patent in Suit. While Dr
Yu has not worked in the specific area of automobile equipment, electronics or
optical recording equipment, I am nonetheless satisfied that Dr Yu is able to
act on the directions provided by the Patent in Suit.

39 I am also cognisant of the observation by the Court of Appeal in Mühlbauer
([32] supra) at [48] that a person skilled in the art need not assume
knowledge and expertise that goes beyond what a reasonable person skilled in
the art would possess, and the person does not need to be someone who
possesses extraordinary knowledge and expertise. In reaching this conclusion,
I find support in the comments by Llewelyn at para 26 that the expert need not
himself be skilled in the art in question, although he usually is. The
important question is whether the chosen “expert” is able to assist the court
in viewing the patent claims through the eyes of the person skilled in the
art. On the whole, I found Dr Yu’s analysis to be logical, clear, and of
assistance to this court. This is not surprising given his professional
qualifications in engineering and his work experience in industry prior to
becoming a patent agent. Where appropriate, his opinions have been accepted,
as will become clear later in my judgment. The areas where I have preferred
the view of the Plaintiff’s expert, Mr Schweiger, will also be made clear.

Are the experts neutral?

40 According to the Plaintiff, Dr Yu “has shown actual bias in his evidence”
as “amply demonstrated” when he went out of his way to find the existence of
an “ignition monitor” (a term used in the Patent in Suit) in D1 and D3. On the
other hand, the Plaintiff asserts that Mr Schweiger’s evidence was given
matter-of-factly. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 24-26

41 While the Defendant does not go so far as to expressly state that Mr
Schweiger was biased, it also points out that Mr Schweiger’s evidence was
inconsistent and contradictory at numerous instances, and that he was not
objective. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s submissions para 91

42 An allegation of bias is serious. It requires the demonstration of actual
partiality rather than merely the appearance of partiality (see [35] above).
As will become apparent below, although the experts in the present suit each
adopted positions that supported his client’s case, the positions taken were
generally tenable or at least arguable. There is, in my view, no basis for the
allegation of actual bias on the part of either expert, much less – in the
Plaintiff’s words – an “ampl[e] demonstrat[ion]” of it.

43 I should, however, again emphasise the importance of experts continuously
bearing in mind their overriding duty to the court, over and above their
duties to their clients, under O 40A r 2 of the Rules of Court. The court,
especially when adjudicating complex technical issues that often arise in
patent litigation, will only be assisted by an impartial, clear and objective
presentation of the issues by the experts on either side. Even though the
expert is retained by his client, it would only serve to jeopardise his
client’s case if an expert insists on taking indefensible or extreme
positions, or appears overly aggressive and uncooperative to the opposing
party’s counsel during the trial.

44 With that, I now turn to the substantive case.

Patent construction

The legal principles

45 The first issue is how the claims in the Patent in Suit are to be
construed. Claim construction is vital and arises in connection with a variety
of legal issues in a patent suit. These include: (i) whether the
specifications set out an adequate disclosure of the invention; (ii) whether
the claims are supported by the specifications; (iii) whether the claimed
invention is patentable; and (iv) whether the defendant has infringed the
patent. The third and fourth issues arise in the present suit.

46 The relevant provision relating to claim construction is s 113(1) of the
Patents Act:

113.—(1) For the purposes of this Act, an invention for a patent for which an
application has been made or for which a patent has been granted shall, unless
the context otherwise requires, be taken to be that specified in a claim of
the specification of the application or patent, as the case may be, as
interpretated by the description and any drawings contained in that
specification, and the extent of the protection conferred by a patent or
application for a patent shall be determined accordingly.

[emphasis added]

47 Section 25(4) of the Patents Act provides that the purpose of a patent
specification is to disclose the invention in a manner which is clear and
complete for the invention to be performed by a person skilled in the art. Put
broadly, this requires disclosure of sufficient information to enable the
skilled reader to work the claimed invention.

48 Section 25(5) of the Patents Act goes on to set out the function of patent
claims. These are to (a) define the matter for which the applicant seeks
protection; (b) be clear and concise; (c) be supported by the description; and
(d) relate to one invention or to a group of inventions which are so linked as
to form a single inventive concept.

49 The well-known English case of Catnic Components Limited and Another v Hill
& Smith Limited [1982] RPC 183 (“Catnic”) emphasised (at 242) that a patent
specification comprises a unilateral statement by the patentee in words of his
own choosing, addressed to those likely to have a practical interest in the
subject matter of his invention, by which he informs them what he claims to be
the essential features of his invention. There is no doubt this is also the
approach taken in Singapore. The task before the court is to ascertain what
the patentee’s words were intended to convey to the notional skilled reader as
at the date of the patent application.

50 The general principles as to construction and the relationship between
specifications and claims are well-settled. In ascertaining the scope of the
patented invention, the claims themselves are the principal determinant, while
the description and other parts of the specification may assist in the
construction of the claims: First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v Main-Line
Corporate Holdings Ltd and another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335 (“First Currency
Choice”) at [23].

51 In this respect, words used in the claims may be affected or defined by
what is said in the body of the patent specification. Claims should not be
viewed independently but should instead be construed as part of the whole
specification: First Currency Choice at [24].

52 It is not, however, permissible under Singapore patent law to put a gloss
on the meaning or to expand the claims by relying on statements in the
specification where the meaning of the words used in the claim are clear and
unambiguous. By this, what is meant is that if the claims have a plain
meaning, reliance ought not be placed on the language used in the body of the
specification to make the claim mean something different. Instead, such claims
must be read and given their ordinary and natural meaning without
incorporating extracts from the body of the specification into them: First
Currency Choice at [24]. On the same note, it is stated in Ng-Loy Wee Loon,
Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2014)
(“Ng-Loy”) at para 33.3.5 that “whilst it is perfectly legitimate to refer to
these other parts in the specifications to assist in claim construction, these
other parts are ultimately secondary”.

53 It is also well-established that where there are ambiguities in the
language of the claim, the claims should be purposively interpreted, in that
the interpretation should be highly sensitive to the context of, and
background to, the particular utterance (see Kirin-Amgen Inc v Hoechst Marion
Roussel Ltd [2005] RPC 9 at [32]), rather than a literal interpretation
derived from “meticulous verbal analysis”: Catnic at 243, adopted in FE Global
Electronics Pte Ltd and others v Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another appeal [2006] 1 SLR(R) 874 at [14], and most recently affirmed in
Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [22].

54 This (purposive) construction is an objective one, assessed from the
perspective of what the notional skilled person would have understood the
patentee to mean by the use of the language of the claims: Mühlbauer ([32]
supra) at [25]. The notional skilled reader interprets the words against the
prior art and with common general knowledge. This method of patent
construction strikes a balance between the rights of the patentee and those of
third parties: on the one hand, it would give the patentee “the full extent,
but no more than the full extent of the monopoly which a reasonable person
skilled in the art, reading the claims in context, would think that [the
patentee] was intending to claim” (Mühlbauer at [24]); on the other hand, it
would also allow third parties to know the area within which they will be
trespassers.

55 I pause to underscore again the point that the addressee of the patent
specifications and claims is the notional skilled reader who is armed with
common general knowledge. On this basis, the question is whether the notional
skilled reader would find that the words of the claim are clear and
unambiguous in and of themselves. It does not matter if the lay person (ie,
the non-skilled reader) would think that the meaning of a word or phrase in
the claim is clear. It appears that this is the reason why Susanna H S Leong,
Intellectual Property Law of Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2013) (“Susanna
Leong”) comments at para 18.054 that literalism still plays a limited role in
Singapore. The problem, however, that was alluded to by Phang JA in Mühlbauer
at [40]—[43] is that there is always a danger in adopting an overly high level
of abstraction when delineating the essential features of a claimed invention.
Put in another way, the question of whether a word or term in the claim is
ambiguous may depend at least in part on what the notional skilled reader
thinks the patentee intends to be the essential elements of the claimed
invention.

56 Bearing these principles in mind, I now turn to the construction of the
Patent in Suit. There are two main parts or expressions used in Claim 1 that
are especially in dispute between the parties: “ignition monitor” and “a
signal sent by the ignition monitor.”

“Ignition monitor”

57 One of the central disputes between the parties is in relation to the
meaning of an “ignition monitor” in Claim 1. According to the Plaintiff, an
ignition monitor simply monitors the amplitude of the direct current (“DC”)
voltage in the ignition system, which is electrical in nature. The Plaintiff
argues that this is clear from the wording in the specification, which states
that when the ignition monitor detects a DC voltage in excess of a threshold
value, a signal is sent from the ignition monitor to the system controller to
start up the camera. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AB 117 lines 23–27

The Plaintiff relies on the point that the threshold value is expressly stated
as lying between 10 and 15 volts. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

AB 117 lines 27–28 and AB 120 lines 24-31

The ignition monitor therefore only monitors the ignition voltage and not the
engine or engine ignition activities. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 77 and 84(c)

58 I note in passing that the Plaintiff asserts in his submissions that the
inventive step in Claim 1 is the use or inclusion of the ignition monitor. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 36

The evidence of the Plaintiff was that if a driver forgot to turn off his
“communication device” and turned on the car engine, the power surge would
cause damage to the communication device. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 73:16—19

This is because the electrical power required to operate the starter motor and
to start the engine is very high, in the region of 2,000 volts. This level of
power would or could damage electrical equipment such as a radio communication
device that was turned on and connected to the system. The Plaintiff submits
that the detection of a “stable ignition voltage” that exceeds the threshold
value (10-15 volts) was essential to avoid power surges that may damage
electronic equipment. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 38

The function of the ignition monitor was therefore not to monitor the voltage
at the spark plug. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 79

59 Under cross-examination, the Plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Schweiger,
explained that the ignition system of a car is divided into two circuits: he
primary circuit, which operates at a voltage that is almost equal to the car
battery’s voltage, and a secondary circuit, which has a step-up transformer to
increase the voltage to ignite the spark plugs. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 69:3-70:18; Plaintiff’s submissions para 80

In cases where the ignition system of a vehicle is operated by means of a key,
the evidence was that a typical ignition switch would have four positions
(labelled “0” to “3” for convenience): 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB 367—368; Transcript 3 August 2016 92:20-93:4; Plaintiff’s submissions para
81.

(a) In position 0, the vehicle is essentially powered down as the power supply
is disconnected.

(b) In position 1, only the vehicle’s accessories can be used. In some models
of vehicles, the cigarette lighter is also operable in position 1. The source
of the power in position 1 is the car battery.

(c) In position 2, the car’s ignition circuit is powered and all accessories
would draw power from the ignition system.

(d) When the key is engaged in position 3, power is sent to the starter motor
and the engine of the car is turned on. When the key is in position 3, all
accessories are switched off. The ignition switch returns automatically to
position 2 after the key is released. The accessories are once again powered.
When the engine is running and the key is in position 2, the engine also
recharges the car battery through an alternator.

60 The Defendant takes a different view. According to the Defendant’s expert,
Dr Yu, an “ignition monitor” is not a commonly used or accepted word in the
relevant technical field. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AB 416

The two words should thus be construed separately. With reference to the
Cambridge English Dictionary, Dr Yu argues that the word “ignition” refers to
the electrical system in an internal combustion engine causing the fuel to
burn or explode in order to start the internal combustion engine. The word
“monitor” means a machine that regularly tests something. Therefore,
collectively, “ignition monitor” would be understood by the skilled person to
be a device that regularly, periodically or continuously examines firing
activities of an internal combustion engine, that is, the ignition system, 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AB 493

which in turn, produces the voltage itself.

61 Dr Yu does not give any reasons as to why the words should be construed
separately and by reference to standard dictionary definitions. Indeed, I am
cognisant that where words used in the claim are ambiguous, there should be a
purposive interpretation of the claim, rather than a literal interpretation
derived from “meticulous verbal analysis” (see [53] above). Given Dr Yu’s view
that the phrase is not commonly used in the technical field, it must follow
that it would be helpful to look to the description and other parts of the
patent specification to assist in the construction of this term in the claim.
After all, the question is what the notional skilled reader would understand
the patentee to mean by the words “ignition monitor”.

62 In the context of the core purpose of the claimed invention, I am unable to
see why the notional skilled reader would regard the term as meaning something
that regularly, periodically or continuously examines firing activities of an
internal combustion engine. In my assessment, the term “ignition monitor” in
Claim 1 does not have a plain and ordinary meaning that can be simply derived
from a standard dictionary. I am of the view that the notional skilled reader
confronted by the phrase “ignition monitor” would pause and ask the question:
what is the purpose of the ignition monitor?

63 In my construction of the Patent in Suit, I have found the following parts
of the specifications especially helpful:

(a) The ignition monitor is expressly said to provide the means to send a
signal to the system controller on detection of an ignition voltage. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AB 116 lines 3-5

It is also expressly stated in the specifications that the operation of the
system is automatic and does not require a skilled operator. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AB 116 lines 31-32

(b) The invention is said to comprise the steps of “monitoring the ignition
system of a vehicle” and “providing a signal on detection of a voltage in the
ignition system” 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB 116 lines 21-24

[emphasis added].

(c) With reference to Figure 1 below, in describing an embodiment of the
invention by reference to Figure 1 below, the ignition monitor 2 is said to
monitor the “amplitude of the DC voltage” in the ignition system 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AB 117 lines 22-23

, and send a signal to the system control unit 1 when the ignition monitor
detects a “DC voltage in excess of a threshold value, i.e. when the vehicle’s
ignition system is activated to start the vehicle”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

AB 117 lines 24-26

(d) With reference to Figure 1 below, the ignition monitor 2 is directly
connected to the ignition system of the vehicle via an input 6. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

AB 116, lines 16-17; 117 lines 16-17

(e) ![](data:image/png;base64,
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)Operationally,
the voltage produced in the ignition system detected by the ignition monitor
is as a result of a driver operating the ignition system to start the engine.
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AB 120 lines 24-27

Figure 1: Schematic diagram of an embodiment of the invention in the Patent in
Suit

Selected legend:

Unit 1: System controller

Unit 2: Ignition monitor

Unit 3: Impact sensor

Unit 4: Standby power supply

Unit 5: Optical recorder

Items 6, 10, 12: Input

Items 7, 8, 11: Output

64 Construed as part of the whole specification and bearing in mind the
language and purpose, I agree with the Plaintiff’s submission that the
notional skilled person would have understood the term “ignition monitor” used
in Claim 1 to refer to a device that monitors the amplitude of the DC voltage
in the ignition system of a vehicle. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 93

It is clear that the “ignition” monitor is used to monitor the “ignition”
status of the ignition system, in order to turn the in-vehicle camera on and
off. Although there are many other ways of detecting the status of the
ignition system, the Patent in Suit for this particular invention essentially
describes one such technique. The method detects the amplitude of the ignition
voltage at about 10-15 volts, and lasting longer than five seconds. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

AB 117 lines 21-33

The “voltage” that is detected by the ignition monitor is from or produced by
the ignition system, and not the voltage from any other source, such as from
the spark plug in a vehicle. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 79

The ignition monitor is not a device that monitors the engagement of the
starter motor and spark plugs (2,000 volts) and the operation of the secondary
circuit of the ignition system.

65 The Defendant submits that the use of words “ignition monitor” is
deliberate because the presence of ignition activity would signify that the
internal combustion engine has been started. The use of the term “ignition
monitor”, it is argued, must mean that Claim 1 requires actual ignition of an
internal combustion engine. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s submissions paras 22 and 24

Indeed, the Defendant submits that a “purposive approach” using the ordinary
meaning of the word “ignition” as used in Claim 1 indicates that there is a
requirement for actual ignition of an internal combustion engine. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s submissions para 28.1

I note that the specifications do refer at various places to the driver of the
vehicle operating the ignition system to start the engine. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

AB 120 lines 24-25

66 Nevertheless, I disagree with the Defendant’s submission. It is common
knowledge that the ignition switch of cars (those operated by a key) has
several functions, as reflected in the key positions described at [59] above.
The ignition system of a car is a complex system that is not only about
turning on the starter motor to engage the engine and spark plugs. At
intermediate positions, the switch is also used to draw power to operate
accessories such as the radio and to engage the cigarette lighter power
socket. It is also clearly part of common general knowledge that power surges
can cause severe damage to electrical equipment. Indeed, the specifications
make clear that what was being detected was the stable (and much lower) DC
voltage of between 10 to 15 volts. It was the engagement of the primary
circuit and not the secondary circuit that was being monitored. At the end of
the journey, when the driver switches off the ignition, there would be a drop
in the DC voltage prompting a signal to be sent to the system control unit to
turn off power supply to the camera. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

AB 121 lines 1-6

67 I note that under cross-examination, in answer to the question of what he
understood by the word “ignition”, Mr Schweiger’s evidence was that “in the
context, it means an ignition of a vehicle which has an internal combustion
engine”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 66:11-15

But this does not mean that “ignition” refers to the actual firing up of the
engine by means of engagement of the starter motor and spark plugs. When it
was put to Mr Schweiger that the ignition monitor was monitoring for ignition
voltage of 2,000 volts, he explained that this was not the position, since
what was detected was only a threshold value of between 10 and 15 volts. His
evidence was that the secondary circuit, which carried 2,000 volts, would
never be touched as that could endanger life. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 70:12-13

Therefore, I accept the Plaintiff’s submission that, an ignition monitor
referred to in Claim 1 monitors the amplitude of the DC voltage in the
ignition system.

“Signal” sent by the ignition monitor

68 The next issue relates to the nature of the “signal” that (referring to
Figure 1 at [63] above) the ignition monitor 2 sends to the system controller
1. According to the Plaintiff, the transmission of electrical power is
sufficient to constitute a “signal”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 78:12-19

69 However, according to the Defendant, the plain and ordinary meaning of the
word “signal” refers to an indicator that conveys data or information about
the corresponding behaviour or attribute of some phenomenon, material or
physical process, and not the physical process itself. Therefore, signal
cannot be the transmission of electrical power only. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AB 495-496; Defendant’s submissions paras 30-31

70 In my view, the plain and ordinary meaning of the word “signal”, read in
the context of the Patent in Suit, entails a conveyance of information about
the voltage; it is insufficiently captured by the passing of voltage
(electrical power) itself. This construction is supported by the wording of
Claim 1, which states that “the ignition monitor provid[es] [a] means to send
a signal to the system controller on detection of an ignition voltage”
[emphasis added]. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AB 123

In this light, the information that is passed by the “signal” referred to in
Claim 1 is that a voltage of between 10 to 15 volts has been detected.
Consequently, the camera can be powered up.

71 This construction of the term “signal” is also evident when I take into
account another part of the specification, which states (with reference to
Figure 1 at [63] above) that upon sudden deceleration exceeding a threshold
value, the impact sensor, via output 8, will send a “signal” to the system
controller unit 1 and standby power supply 4. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AB 120 lines 1-9

This “signal”, as used in this part of the specification, is not triggered as
a result of the detection of voltage or electrical power, but from the
deceleration of a vehicle. It conveys information that an accident (evidenced
by sudden braking or deceleration) has occurred, such that the camera can
continue recording for a fixed interval and then be switched off. The word
“signal” must, in the absence of evidence to the contrary, be presumed to be
used consistently across the specification to refer to the conveyance of
information about certain phenomenon (such as ignition or deceleration),
rather than the mere transmission of power.

72 That said, I note that the distinction between transmission of power and
sending a signal may not always be easy to apply as the two concepts may be
closely related. When a light switch is turned on in a dark room, this is
nothing more than the sending of electrical power to turn the light bulb on
for the convenience of the individual. But suppose the purpose of turning on
of the particular light bulb was to send a signal to an outside observer that
the occupant was in a particular room? The turning on of the light bulb then
becomes a signal as it involves the transmission of information to the outside
observer by means of the light signal.

Validity of the Patent in Suit

73 Having dealt with the way that the Patent in Suit is to be construed, I
move on to the next substantive issue of whether the Patent in Suit is valid.
For an invention to be valid and patentable, there are three conditions that
need to be satisfied under s 13(1) of Patents Act:

(a) the invention is new;

(b) it involves an inventive step; and

(c) it is capable of industrial application.

74 Only (a) and (b) are in contention in the present suit. As highlighted
above, the Defendant asserts that the Patent in Suit should be invalidated as
it lacks novelty and inventiveness.

Novelty

The legal principles

75 Section 14(1) of the Patents Act states that “[a]n invention shall be taken
to be new if it does not form part of the state of the art.” Section 14(2)
defines the “state of the art” broadly as:

…compris[ing] all matter (whether a product, a process, information about
either, or anything else) which has at any time before the priority date of
that invention been made available to the public (whether in Singapore or
elsewhere) by written or oral description, by use or in any other way.

76 It has been said that an assessment of novelty involves a two-step process:
see Ng-Loy ([52] supra) at para 30.1.25.

77 First, all the relevant pieces of prior art must be identified. In this
case, it is not disputed that D1 to D5 (see [18] above) are prior art. The
second step is to ask whether the invention has been anticipated by any of
these pieces of prior art. While the two-step approach is broadly correct,
embedded within the two-steps is the vital task of interpretation.

78 In The General Tire & Rubber Company v The Firestone Tyre and Rubber
Company Limited and others [1972] RPC 457 (“General Tire”), the English Court
of Appeal held (at 483) that the earlier publication (the prior art) must be
interpreted as at the date of its publication, having regard to the relevant
surrounding circumstances then existing, and without regard to subsequent
events. The patent claims must also be interpreted to determine the scope of
the matter covered at its relevant date. In both cases, the interpretation is
from the perspective of the reader skilled in the art having regard to the
state of knowledge at the relevant date.

79 It follows that the quantity of prior art material that may be available in
determining novelty is potentially enormous. There are no temporal (going
backwards from the priority date) or geographical limits on the material that
is available. It comprises all matter made available at any time before the
priority date to the public whether in Singapore or elsewhere. It does not
matter whether the “making available” is by description or use or in some
other manner. The size of the disclosure does not matter. Even if the matter
has been made available to one person, if it is free from any obligation of
confidentiality, it will generally be regarded as having been made available
to the public. Further, the requirement of disclosure to the public is
satisfied if it has been made available in the public domain, even if no one
has inspected it: see Ng-Loy ([52] supra) at para 30.1.29, citing Institut
Pasteur and Another v Genelabs Diagnostics Pte Ltd and Another [2000] SGHC 53
at [188] and Dien Ghin Electronic (S) Pte Ltd v Khek Tai Ting (trading as Soon
Heng Digitax) [2011] 3 SLR 227 at [29].

80 While a bright line approach has been taken to when material or matter
enters the prior art, it is clear the claimed invention is only anticipated if
the prior art reveals the same thing. The fact that the prior art taught
something close or similar is not enough to constitute anticipation. In
mountaineering terms, the fact that a previous climber got to within 100 feet
of the summit of an unclimbed peak is close but not close enough. The prior
art climber must have planted the flag at the very summit in question.

81 An oft-cited test to determine anticipation is the so-called “would it
infringe” test. Does the prior art in question infringe the patent claim in
question? If it does, there is every reason to conclude the patent claim lacks
novelty. To infringe, all the essential elements of the claimed invention
(properly interpreted) must have been usurped. Transposed into the novelty
inquiry, the question is whether the prior art matter or material in question
already discloses all the essential elements of the claimed invention.

82 I pause to note that the relationship between disclosure and enablement
concepts was discussed at some length by Lord Hoffmann in Synthon BV v
SmithKline Beecham Plc’s (Paroxetine Methanesulfonate) Patent [2006] RPC 10
(“Synthon BV”). In the case of disclosure, Lord Hoffmann summarised (at [22])
that the prior art must disclose a subject matter which, if performed, would
necessarily result in an infringement of the patent (see also Mühlbauer ([32]
supra) at [17], citing General Tire).

83 Lord Hoffmann continued (at [26]) that enablement, on the other hand, meant
that the ordinary skilled person would have been able to perform the invention
which satisfies the requirement of disclosure. The key point made was that for
the claimed invention to be anticipated by the prior art, the prior art must
not only disclose the same subject matter; it must also enable the notional
skilled reader to perform (or make) the invention. The case relied on for this
proposition was the decision of the House of Lords in Asahi Kasei Kogyo KK’s
Application [1991] RPC 485. In that case, on assumed facts, there had been a
prior disclosure of the same invention (a polypeptide) but neither the
disclosure nor common general knowledge would have enabled the notional
skilled reader to make it. Susanna Leong ([55] supra) at para 16.141 correctly
cites Synthon BV as underscoring the point that disclosure and enablement are
distinct concepts. Each must be satisfied to conclude that the alleged
invention forms part of the state of the art.

84 In Singapore, the leading authority is the Court of Appeal decision in
Mühlbauer ([32] supra). Phang JA noted (at [17]) that the prior publication
must not only identify the subject matter of the later patent, but must also
set out an enabling disclosure. In other words, an invention “would be
anticipated by a piece of prior art if the teachings disclosed in this prior
art are sufficiently clear and complete to allow [ie, enable] the skilled
addressee to make the invention” [emphasis in original] (see Ng-Loy ([52]
supra) at para 30.1.43). It is clear that the reference to enabling disclosure
is consistent with the distinction referred to above between disclosure and
enablement.

85 I also note that it is generally not permissible, in the context of an
assessment of novelty, to assemble all the pieces of prior art together into a
“mosaic”, and then compare the invention in question against this “mosaic”.
The invention must instead be compared against each individual piece of prior
art, and the question repeated each time: has this particular piece of prior
art anticipated the invention? (Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [68] and Ng-Loy
([52] supra) at para 30.1.38)

86 In the present case, counsel for the parties have produced a joint table
(“Table of Disputes on Invalidity”) which analyses the issue of novelty by
comparing the elements of each of the claims in the Patent in Suit against
each of the prior arts, D1 to D5. However, it is clear from the pleadings, and
even at trial, that only D3 is used by the Defendant to invalidate the claims
of the Patent in Suit. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DCC-4 paras 6, 13-14; Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795
(Amendment No 2) para 26; Plaintiff’s Second Invalidity Opinion AB 412 line
32; Transcript 2 August 2016 94:12-22

I will, therefore, focus on D3 in my analysis of the issue of novelty.

Prior art D3

87 D3 is a patent which relates to a camera that can be mounted on a vehicle,
and which enables the causes of an accident to be verified by means of
photographs of the surroundings. The main claim 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AB 52

states that it is:

A method for enabling the causes of an accident involving a vehicle to be
verified, comprising the obtaining…, following vehicle start or after an
enabling signal…, of images of the environment in which said vehicle is in a
stationary or moving state, memorizing… said images while the vehicles is
moving or until a halt-memorization signal is generated…, said memorizing in
any event ceasing within a predetermined time period subsequent to a collision
undergone by the vehicle while retaining in memory the images obtained up to
that time, these images being able to be subsequently viewed to verify the
causes of said collision.

[emphasis added; references to numbers in diagrams omitted]

88 According to the Defendant, “[a]ll features of the independent Claim 1 of
the Patent [in Suit] have been disclosed by D3”. This is because D3 discloses
a recording system for installation in or on a vehicle. The recording system
comprises a system controller, at least one optical recorder, at least one
sensor and an ignition monitor. D3 also discloses at least one collision
sensor which sends a signal to the system controller on detection of
deceleration or impact. The system controller then provides the means to
switch off at least one optical recorder after a fixed time interval after
receiving the sensor signal. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795 (Amendment No 2) paras 26-29

89 I will now examine some of the key aspects of D3 as compared to various
elements of the claims in the Patent in Suit.

Claim 1: The system controller, optical recorder, sensor and ignition monitor

90 It will be recalled that Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit relates to:

A recording system, for installation in or on a vehicle, comprising a system
controller, at least one optical recorder, at least one sensor and an ignition
monitor, the ignition monitor providing means to send a signal to the system
controller on detection of an ignition voltage, the system controller being
connected to the at least one optical recorder to switch on operation thereof
on receiving said ignition monitor signal, wherein the at least one sensor is
provided to send a signal to the system controller on detection of a
deceleration or impact, the system controller providing means to switch off
the at least one optical recorder after a fixed interval after receiving the
sensor signal.

[emphasis added]

91 The Plaintiff concedes that D3 is a recording system for installation on a
vehicle, that D3 consists of a system controller (which is termed the “control
unit”), and that D3 has at least one optical recorder (the “telecamera”) and
at least one sensor (the “collision sensor”). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 42; see also Table of Disputes on Invalidity

92 The main disagreement between the parties is whether D3 “implicitly
discloses” an “ignition monitor”, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Particulars of Objection (Amendment No 2) para 27

which provides the means to send a signal to the system controller on
detection of an ignition voltage.

93 Referring to Figure 2 below, the relevant part of the specification in D3
states: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

AB 44

…the vehicle ignition key 29 is known to be able to assume two different
positions, namely a vehicle rest position (S) or a vehicle operation-enabling
position (M). When in this latter position… it closes a mechanical contact 30
in a first electrical power branch 31 connecting the device of the invention
to a usual vehicle battery 32. Parallel to the electrical branch 31 but
connected to the same pole of the battery 32 as this latter branch there is
another power branch 33 in which there is a mechanical contactor 34, which is
open when the key 29 is in the position M. This power branch… 33… is also
connected to a timer relay 35 arranged to operate on a mechanical contactor
36… The contactor 36 is normally open… when the key 29 is in the position M. …
[T]here is [also] a mechanical contactor 41 controlled by a relay 40 connected
to the power branch 31 downstream of the contactor 30. The contactor 41 is
normally closed when the key 29 is in position M.

In this manner and following a vehicle start enabling signal originating from
the block 28 (key 29 in position M), the contactors 30 and 41 close to power
the device. …

[emphasis added]

94 In his Second Invalidity Opinion, Dr Yu, the Defendant’s expert, argues
(referring to Figures 2 and 3 below) that the “ignition monitor” of D3 is the
ignition switch block 28 (“Block 28”) with key 29 in position M. Dr Yu
observes that the vehicle ignition key 29 in position M is connected to the
vehicle battery 32. An “ignition monitor signal” is sent to the control unit
50 on detection of an ignition voltage of the vehicle battery 32, via relay 35
and contactor 36. For these reasons, the Defendant’s position is that D3
implicitly discloses the “ignition monitor” of the Patent in Suit. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AB 417 lines 10-24

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Figure 2: Fig 9 of D3

Selected legend

Unit 28- Ignition switch block

Unit 29- Ignition key

Unit 30- Mechanical contactor

Unit 31- Power branch

Unit 32- Vehicle battery

Unit 33- Power branch

Unit 35- Timer relay

Unit 36- Mechanical contactor

Unit 40- Relay

Unit 41- Mechanical contactor

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Figure 3: Fig 6 of D3

Selected legend

Unit 50- Control unit

Unit 59- Clock generator

95 The Plaintiff’s position is that the Defendant’s analysis is flawed for two
main reasons:

(a) First, D3 neither explicitly nor implicitly discloses an ignition monitor.
Block 28 is only a simplified version of a vehicle ignition block, ie, the
part of the vehicle where the vehicle key would be inserted in order to turn
on the vehicle, as evidenced by Claim 20 of D3. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 45(c) and (d); AB 43 line 32 to AB 44 line 4; AB
54 line 27

Its function is simply to enable the vehicle to start, after key 29 is turned
from position S (vehicle rest position) to position M (vehicle operation-
enabling position). 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

AB 44 lines 8-9

Block 28 does not represent a conventional ignition switch of a car, which
typically has four (instead of only two) positions. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AB 367-370

(b) Second, Block 28 (with key 29 in position M) does not have the
characteristics of the “ignition monitor” of the Patent in Suit. It does not
have the ability to “monitor the amplitude of the DC voltage in the ignition
system” or to detect a DC voltage in excess of a threshold value. It simply
acts as a switch to close a circuit. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 46(a)

Further, a signal is not sent to the “system controller” 50. Even if a
“signal” is sent in the form of the “start enabling signal”, this merely
results in a mechanical closing of contactors 30 and 41, when the ignition key
is brought to the position M, so as to mechanically power the device. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 46(b) and (c)

96 Having carefully considered the parties’ arguments, I now set out my
findings.

97 It will be recalled that the ignition monitor of the Patent in Suit, with
reference to Figure 1 above ([63] supra), is described as follows: 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

AB 117 lines 16-21

An input 6 of the ignition monitor unit 2 is connected to the ignition system
of the vehicle, which is connected to the vehicle’s battery… An output 7 of
the ignition monitor unit 2 is connected to an input 12 of the system control
unit 1. The ignition monitor unit 2 monitors the amplitude of the DC voltage
in the ignition system. When the unit 2 detects a DC voltage in excess of a
threshold value [preferably between 10 and 15 volts], i.e. when the vehicle’s
ignition system is activated to start the vehicle, a signal is sent from
output 7 to the system control unit 1.

[emphasis added]

98 It is clear from the extract of the specification above that there are two
functions carried out by the ignition monitor (the “dual functions”). The
first function is to monitor or detect ignition voltage, that is, voltage
emanating from the ignition system. Once an ignition voltage in excess of the
threshold value (between 10 and 15 volts) is detected for a period greater
than five seconds, the ignition monitor serves its second function, which is
to transmit a signal, conveying the information that the ignition system has
been switched on, to the system controller. It is not immediately apparent why
the ignition monitor requires five seconds or more of the required voltage
value before it sends the signal to the system controller.

99 Viewed in this light, a few observations may be made. First, Block 28 of D3
(with key 29 in the M position) does not “monitor” the voltage originating
from the ignition system. I agree with the Plaintiff that Block 28 is simply a
vehicle ignition block. Its function is to enable the vehicle to start, when
key 29 is turned from position S (vehicle rest position) to position M
(vehicle operation-enabling position). When this happens, Block 28 is the very
cause of the vehicle ignition, and hence the ignition voltage; it does not
“detect” the ignition voltage. Second, the “start enabling signal” which is
sent by Block 28 simply causes the completion of the electronic circuit 3 by
closing contactors 30 and 41; this is a mechanical process. Significantly,
when the contactors 30 and 41 close, the camera is powered directly. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

AB 44 last paragraph

Although contactors 30 and 41 are in the electronic circuit 3, which also
contains the control unit 50, it does not appear that any signal is sent from
Block 28 to control unit 50, before another output is transmitted from the
control unit 50 to the telecamera 4 to power it up. This can be contrasted
with the second function of the ignition monitor of the Patent in Suit, in
which it is expressly stated that the ignition monitor proves a means to send
a signal to the system controller on detection of an ignition voltage. The
system controller is in turn connected to a camera. Upon receiving the said
ignition monitor signal, the system control unit is the one that supplies
power to the camera via an output.

100 For these reasons, I am of the view that Block 28 (with key 29 in position
M) in D3 is not the same as, and does not implicitly disclose, the dual-
function “ignition monitor” referred to in Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit. I am
of the view that Claim 1 is not anticipated by D3.

The “dependent claims”

101 Turning to Claims 2 to 8, I note the Plaintiff’s submissions simply assert
that these claims are “dependent” on Claim 1. Once it is found that Claim 1 is
novel, the Plaintiff submits that it must follow that Claims 2 to 8 are also
novel. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 48

102 The Defendant makes the converse argument that since Claims 2 to 8 are
dependent claims, if Claim 1 is invalid then Claims 2 to 8 must all be
invalid. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s submissions para 18

103 However, I note that “dependent claim” or “subsidiary claim” does not
appear anywhere in the Patents Act or the Patents Rules (Cap 221, R1, 2007 Rev
Ed). Neither does the term “independent claim” feature in the legislation.
Indeed, these expressions are not even found in the claims and specification
of the Patent in Suit. Thus, what is important in this context is to focus on
the words used in each claim and ask what the essential elements of the
invention as set out in each claim are. The label “dependent claim” should not
be used too readily without first considering the actual language of the
claims. The learned authors of Terrell on the Law of Patents (Colin Birss gen
ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2016) at para 9-318 rightly comment that the
court will, if possible, construe claims so as to give a different meaning to
different claims. The learned authors also recognise that if after properly
construing the specifications and claims, little or no difference can be found
between two claims, this is not a reason for departing from the reasonable and
natural meaning of the language.

104 I accept that it may well be correct for a court, in assessing the
validity of the first or what may loosely be called the “independent claim”,
to obtain guidance from the “dependent claims” or “subsidiary claims” which
refer back to the independent claim and incorporates all its features, as an
aid to interpreting the proper scope of the independent claim. But it does not
follow that the novelty of subsequent claims must ipso facto stand or fall on
the fate of the independent claim. Much will depend on the scope of the
invention as set out in the subsequent claims. The label “dependent claim” or
“subsidiary claim” should not distract the court from the enquiry which it is
tasked to undertake, which is whether the elements or features in the
subsequent claim(s) taken together with the invention as set out in the
preceding claim meet the requirements of novelty.

105 A subsequent claim may serve a variety of objectives. For example, the
subsequent claim may add a new or extra feature that was not set out in the
previous claim at all. This is permissible provided the claims relate to a
single inventive concept. Alternatively, it may be that the subsequent claim
simply serves to clarify, limit or restrict the scope of an element referred
to in the preceding claim. This may be done to restrict the prior art that is
relevant, or simply to add to or improve the clarity of the claims. The
subsequent claims may delineate or specifically identify a particular member
of a broad class that has been set out in the preceding claim. For example,
the first claim may refer to an invention with an element that is made from a
“hard and rigid” material. The subsequent claim may relate to the same
invention but specifically claim the element made from “tungsten”. It may be
desirable to tighten the subsequent claim where the preceding claim is drafted
in very broad terms.

Claim 2: The standby power supply and timer switch

106 I move on to the first “dependent claim” which concerns the “standby power
supply” referred to in Claim 2 of the Patent in Suit. Referring to Figure 1
above, the “standby power supply” of the Patent in Suit is described as
follows:

…if during operation of the vehicle an accident occurs, the impact sensor 3
will be triggered if the deceleration in excess of the sensor’s threshold
value is experienced. A signal is sent on output 8 to the system control unit
1 and the standby power supply 4. In response, the system control unit 1
switches output 11 to turn off the main power supply to the camera 5. At the
same time, the timer switch of the standby power supply 4 is switched on by
the signal from the impact sensor 3. As a result power is supplied to the
camera 5 for an additional 5 to 10 seconds after the termination of the main
power supply from the system control unit 1. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB 121 lines 11 - 23

[emphasis added]

107 In the specification of D3, there is reference to a “buffer battery” which
is described, by reference to Figure 4 below, as follows:

… Between the branches 101 and 102 there is a branch 100A in which there is a
buffer battery 103… to maintain the device D powered… even after a collision
which damages the vehicle electrical installation. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB 45

[emphasis added]

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Figure 4: Fig 10 of D3

Selected legend

Unit 29- Ignition key

Unit 103- Buffer battery

108 The Defendant argues that the buffer battery 103 is clearly the “standby
power supply” in the Patent in Suit. Further, referring to Figure 3 at [94]
above, the clock generator 59 fulfils the meaning of a timer switch, as it
provides timing for the control unit 50. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

AB 418 lines 11-21; Transcript 4 August 2016 102:5-8

109 The Plaintiff, however, takes the position that buffer battery 103 is not
a “standby power supply” but a “power supply backup”. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

AB 670

In this respect, the Plaintiff makes two submissions. First, he argues that
the standby power supply of the Patent in Suit is deliberately designed to be
automatically activated upon the detection of a suitably strong collision or
deceleration, as the main power supply would be turned off in such an event.
The camera would be immediately powered by the standby power supply for a
fixed interval after the accident or deceleration. In contrast, the buffer
battery 103 of D3 operates only if the connection with the vehicle battery is
interrupted following a collision. If there is no disruption to the vehicle
battery following an accident, the buffer battery 103 is not envisaged to
operate. Second, the Plaintiff points out that unlike the Patent in Suit,
there is no timer switch connected to buffer battery 103 of D3, and D3 would
technically continue to operate as long as the buffer battery provides
sufficient power. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 49(b)-(d)

110 Before coming to my findings on this element of the claim, I first note
that there is some confusion as to whether the term “buffer battery” used in
two different parts of the specification of D3 refer to the same component.
The first time the term is used in the specification of D3 has been outlined
at [107] above. The second part of the specification which again mentions the
term is, referring to Figure 3 at [94] above, as follows: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

AB 48

A clock generator 59 is also connected to the bus 51 to provide timing for the
unit 50. … [I]n other words the generator 59 acts as a clock-calendar and is
provided with its own buffer battery. It enables the date on which the images
were obtained to be exactly defined…

[emphasis added]

Dr Yu, the Defendant’s expert, stated at trial that the two terms refer to the
same component. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 104:14-17

111 With respect, I disagree with Dr Yu’s view that the “buffer battery”
highlighted at [107] above is the same as the “buffer battery” outlined at
[110], even though the same term is used. From a careful reading of the term
in the context of the specification, the former refers to the buffer battery
of D3 itself and is labelled “103” in Figure 4 (at [107] above). By contrast,
the latter refers to the “clock generator 59[’s]… own [separate] buffer
battery”. For the purposes of examining this element of Claim 2, I will focus
on the term “buffer battery” of D3, as used at [107] above.

112 I move on to the parties’ substantive arguments. First, although I agree
that the “buffer battery” 103 in D3 and the “standby power supply” in the
Patent in Suit come into operation differently, I am of the view they
nonetheless have the same purpose and perform the same function of providing
backup battery supply to the camera in the event of an accident. In my
judgment, the buffer battery 103 discloses a “stand-by power supply” within
the ambit of Claim 2 as interpreted by the notional skilled reader. I also
accept that it provides an enabling disclosure that sufficiently discloses all
that is necessary for the skilled reader to make the invention of the “standby
power supply” in the Patent in Suit, which directly and immediately supplies
power to the camera in the event of an accident.

113 Second, I am unable to agree with the Defendant’s argument that the “timer
switch” referred to in the Patent in Suit is equivalent to the clock generator
59 of D3. In my view, it is clear that clock generator 59 serves a different
function from that of the timer switch of the Patent in Suit. Clock generator
59 enables the images or data captured by telecamera 4 to be allotted a date
and time, ie, it acts as a clock calendar (which has its own buffer battery in
the sense described in [110] above). As explained in D3’s patent
specification, this enables the date on which the images were obtained to be
exactly defined together with their exact succession in time, in order to
define accident causes and responsibilities. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

AB 48

By contrast, the timer switch in the Patent in Suit is used to supply standby
power to the camera for a fixed period of about five to ten seconds after
termination of the main power supply. The purpose of the timer switch in the
Patent in Suit is different: it is to ensure that the recorded pictures cover
the period before and immediately after any accident (and will not be
overridden). Thus, clock generator 59 does not set out a “disclosure” which
unmistakeably instructs the reader to make the timer switch as referred to in
the Patent in Suit.

114 Nonetheless, it seems to me that relay 35 in D3 discloses the feature of a
timer switch as described in the Patent in Suit, although this was not argued
by either party. According to the specification of D3, following vehicle
stoppage, for example after an accident, the contactor 34 is closed and relay
35 sets a defined time period in which contactor 36 is closed. Consequently,
during the moments following vehicle stoppage, the device is operative, and is
able to memorise the images obtained by telecamera 4, until relay 35 opens the
contactor 36 after the defined time period to interrupt the connection to the
battery 32, switching off the camera. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

AB 44

Relay 35 therefore sets out, in my view, a “disclosure” which enables the
making of the timer switch referred to in the Patent in Suit.

115 For these reasons, I am of the view that the added elements of Claim 2 of
the Patent in Suit (a standby power supply and a timer switch) are, in and of
themselves, not novel. However, I note that Claim 2 and Claim 1 are clearly
linked, in that the additional features in Claim 2 relate to the same
invention in Claim 1 (in respect of which the ignition monitor is an essential
feature). The fact that the prior art discloses the concepts of a standby
power supply and a timer does not affect novelty of the invention as set out
in Claim 1. In this regard, since Claim 2 comprises the same device as Claim 1
(albeit with added features), the invention set out in Claim 2 is also new as
a whole.

Claim 3: The internal memory store

116 In the present case, Claim 3 covers a “recording system as claimed in
claim 1 or claim 2 wherein the at least one optical recorder is provided with
an internal memory store” [emphasis added]. This adds a feature to that
outlined in Claim 1. The internal memory store is in itself anticipated by D3,
which contains two internal memory stores, 54 and 60 (see Figure 5 at [118]
below), and is therefore not novel. However, given my finding that the
invention as set out in Claim 1 is novel, it must follow that the invention as
set out in Claim 3 is also novel. This is because the invention in Claim 3 is
the same invention in Claim 1 together with the specific reference in Claim 3
to the invention in Claim 1 containing an optical recorder with an “internal
memory store”.

Claim 4: The separate memory store

117 Claim 4 of the Patent in Suit relates to a recording system as claimed in
Claim 1 or Claim 2, wherein at least one optical recorder is connected to a
separate memory store. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

AB 123 lines 28-30; AB 119 lines 29-31

The specifications teach that more than one camera may be used. Each camera
may have its own internal memory or the cameras may be linked to a single
separate memory store.

118 Referring to Figure 5 below, the Defendant argues that telecamera 4 in D3
is connected to memory 60, which is the separate memory store. Further, the
specification of D3 also refers “other memory supports external to the device,
for example to enable the images to be viewed”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

AB 418; AB 49

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Figure 5: Fig 8 of D3

Selected legend

Unit 54- Memory

Unit 60- Memory

119 The Plaintiff takes a different position. He contends that memory 54 or 60
of D3 are internal memory stores, and any reference to a separate memory store
in D3 only refers to the ability for the recordings, which are stored in the
internal memory store, to be transferred out of the device D3. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 50

I note that the specifications for D3 clearly and explicitly state that the
memory store (whether 54 or 60) is to be sufficient to enable the recordings
to “be transferred onto other memory supports external to the device…” 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

AB 49

[emphasis added]

120 If “separate memory store” means (from the perspective of the notional
skilled reader) an external memory store, as distinct from and additional to
the internal memory, the fact that D3 discloses an internal memory store does
not disclose exactly the same subject matter. The question is whether D3
nonetheless discloses clear directions to make available an external memory
store to enable the “memorised” images to be viewed. In my judgment, the
presence of an internal memory store in D3, with the possibility of
transferring data from the internal to an external storage medium, contains
clear and complete directions to enable the Plaintiff to make a device with a
separate external memory store altogether. It bears repeating that the
notional skilled reader is tasked with interpreting the D3 at the date of its
publication: 11 January 1996. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

AB 39

121 Overall, therefore, I am similarly of the view that although the
additional feature of Claim 4 (the separate memory store) is not novel in and
of itself, the additional feature relates back to the main Claim 1. Because
Claim 4 comprises the same device as Claim 1 (albeit with an additional
feature), the invention set out in Claim 4 is also new overall.

Claims 5, 6, 7 and 8

122 Claim 5 refers to a recording system as set out in any of the preceding
claims wherein at least one sensor is an “accelerometer”. Claim 1, while
referring to (at least one) “sensor”, did not specify what the sensor is.
Instead, it described the sensor in terms of its function, which was to detect
deceleration or impact. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AB 123 lines 5-13

All that Claim 5 does is to label the sensor as an “accelerometer”. While it
may be thought that the specific reference to an “accelerometer” adds nothing
to Claim 1, it does at least make expressly clear what was already implicit in
Claim 1. The same is true for Claim 6 which refers to at least one sensor
being an “impact detector”.

123 Claim 7 refers to a recording system as set out in any of the preceding
claims wherein at least one optical recorder is a “digital camera”. Claim 8 is
similar, save that it requires at least one optical recorder to be a “digital
camcorder”. In the same vein as Claims 5 and 6, Claims 7 and 8 add clarity or
specificity to a key element in Claim 1 that the recording system must have at
least one optical recorder. Claims 7 and 8 make clear that a “digital camera”
and a “digital camcorder” are covered within the framework of the recording
system and the claimed invention.

Conclusion on novelty

124 In summary, Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit is novel and not anticipated by
D3. The subsequent Claims 2 to 8 are also novel. Although the additional
features set out in Claims 2, 3 and 4 (the standby power supply, the timer
switch and the memory stores) are not novel in and of themselves, when
analysed in light of the novel Claim 1 to which they relate to and
incorporate, these claims are novel as well.

Inventive step

The legal principles

125 The next main issue is whether there is an “inventive step” embodied in
the invention of the Patent in Suit. The four-step test in Windsurfing
International Inc v Tabur Marine (Great Britain) Ltd [1985] RPC 59 was applied
and summarised as follows in Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [20]:

(a) Identify the inventive concept embodied in the patent in suit.

(b) The court then assumes the mantle of the normally skilled but
unimaginative addressee in the art at the priority date, imputing to him what
was, at that date, common general knowledge in the art in question.

(c) Identify what, if any, differences exist between the matter cited as being
“known or used” and the alleged invention.

(d) The court then asks itself the question whether, viewed without any
knowledge of the alleged invention, those differences constitute steps which
would have been obvious to the skilled man or whether they require any degree
of invention.

Reference should also be made to s 15 of the Patents Act, which states that
“[a]n invention shall be taken to involve an inventive step if it is not
obvious to a person skilled in the art, having regard to any matter which
forms part of the state of the art…” [emphasis added].

126 As VK Rajah JA observed in First Currency Choice ([50] supra) at [44], the
first three steps of this test lay the ground work for the final critical
question of non-obviousness: is the alleged invention obvious in the eyes of
the notional skill reader? As discussed earlier, while the court is often
assisted in the assessment of obviousness by experts, the ultimate decision on
non-obviousness is one of fact, impression and judgment which only the court
can answer.

127 The answer to the question of what the claimed inventive step is will
naturally shape the Court’s assessment of whether the invention is obvious. In
this regard, the invention being examined is that which is set out in the
claim in question.

128 The decision of the UK House of Lords in Conor Medsystems Incorporated v
Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc [2008] UKHL 49 (“Conor Medsystems”) illustrates
the importance of defining the claimed invention by reference to the claims in
the assessment of inventive step. The patent concerned a stent coated with
taxol for treating or preventing recurrent stenosis. A stent is tubular metal
scaffold inserted into a blocked artery to keep the artery open. The prior art
revealed a serious problem, namely, the injury caused by the insertion of the
stent to the inner walls of the artery. This often resulted in an excessive
healing response, resulting in proliferation of new tissue which unfortunately
would constrict the arterial channel. This problem was referred to as
restenosis. This was apparently a common problem and “no one knew what to do
about it” (at [5]). It was said that one group of Dutch scientists even
published an article in 1993 entitled: “Pharmacological Approaches to the
Prevention of Restenosis Following Angioplasty: The Search for the Holy
Grail?”

129 The prior art suggested a number of possible avenues for research. One
view was that the proliferation of tissue may be similar to proliferation of
cells in a cancer tumour. On this basis, treatment by anti-proliferative drugs
was a possible research path. A different view favoured use of antithrombotic
agents such as heparin.

130 In 1991, a medical researcher who was studying angiogenesis (the process
by which capillary blood vessels grow) came up with the idea that one approach
to the undesired cell proliferation was to inhibit angiogenesis. This was
because most cell tissues are unable to proliferate without blood supply. The
researcher (together with others) decided to try to find an anti-angiogenic
agent which could be used to inhibit tissue growth in restenosis. To this end,
they used standard assay tests to look for substances with anti-angiogenic
properties. In 1993, the team tested a recently discovered substance called
taxol. Taxol was, at that time, in the news as a possible cancer treatment
because of its anti-proliferative properties. The team discovered that taxol
had remarkable anti-angiogenic properties. Stents coated with even minute
amounts of taxol were effective against restenosis and were a “great
commercial success”. The Holy Grail, at least in this context, had been found.

131 The question was whether the invention was obvious. Lord Hoffmann held (at
[17]) that it is “the claimed invention which has to involve an inventive
step. The invention means prima facie that specified in the claim...” Lord
Hoffmann also states (at [19]) that the patentee was entitled to have the
question of obviousness determined by reference to his claim and not “to some
vague paraphrase based upon the extent of his disclosure in the description”.
The claim was for a stent coated with taxol. The question was therefore
whether that invention as embodied in the claim involved an inventive step.
The alleged inventiveness lay in the claim that the product would have a
particular property, namely, to prevent or treat restenosis. That being so,
Lord Hoffmann held (at [17]) that the question of obviousness was whether it
was obvious to use a taxol-coated stent for this purpose.

132 In answering this question, Lord Hoffmann stressed (at [17]) the
importance of not conflating the obviousness question with questions relating
to sufficiency or support. The question was whether it was obvious to make a
stent coated with taxol. The question was not whether it was obvious that
taxol might have the desired effect or was worth trying. As Lord Hoffmann
explained (at [16]), “[i]t was common ground that taxol was, like many other
anti-proliferative drugs, worth a try. And that was obvious.” With respect to
the question of whether it was obvious to make a stent coated with taxol,
there was conflicting expert opinion. One expert gave evidence that he would
have recommended the researchers to try taxol as it was at the time a highly
publicised new drug for cancer. Another expert stated that he would have
advised against taxol, on account of its toxic properties (at [14]).

133 In Lord Hoffmann’s view, the cited prior art merely taught that the
solution may lie in a large and undifferentiated number of drugs which could
be tried. This was not the point. Bearing in mind the claimed invention, the
question was whether the prior art showed that it was obvious that taxol would
prevent restenosis (at [41]). Lord Hoffman then referred (at [42]) to Diplock
LJ’s judgment in in Johns-Manville Corporation’s Patent [1967] RPC 479 that a
test for obviousness based on the idea of something being obvious to try was
only useful in a case where there was a fair expectation of success. Indeed,
Lord Hoffmann concludes that a test for obviousness based on whether it was
obvious to try it without any expectation of success was “an oxymoronic
concept” which had no precedent in the law of patents. To put it another way,
if the prior art teaches many paths one of which might lead to the solution,
the obvious thing to do will be to try all those paths. A decision to try a
particular path, with no (fair) expectation that this path will in fact lead
to success, is inventive.

134 In the present case, the claimed invention comprises a product (a
recording system for installation in vehicles) with certain defined features.
These features include a dual-function ignition monitor which detects an
ignition voltage and which also sends a signal to the system controller. While
the invention comprises a number of other features, it is apparent from the
specifications that the concept of using an ignition monitor is central to the
claimed invention. Following Conor Medsystems, the question is whether the
notional skilled reader would, at the priority date of the Patent in Suit,
have found it obvious to make a product with the ignition monitor (as
conceptualised and defined in the Patent in Suit), given the stated purpose of
recording visual data leading up to and during a dangerous situation involving
sharp braking or an accident.

135 Before I turn to consider the prior art, I note that unlike the assessment
of novelty, mosaicing is permitted when assessing whether the invention
constitutes an inventive step, unless mosaicing itself would not be obvious to
the hypothetical skilled person: Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [93]. The notional
skilled person assesses the obviousness of an invention by reference to the
whole of the state of the art relevant to the invention. (including common
general knowledge). The “mosaic” is one which is “put together by an
unimaginative man with no inventive capacity”: Technograph Printed Circuits
Ltd v Mills & Rockley (Electronics) Ltd [1972] RPC 346 at 355, cited in
Mühlbauer at [93].

136 In this case, I find that the notional skilled reader who has access to
the whole prior art would have regard to the various pieces of prior art cited
against the invention in the Patent in Suit. The cited prior art essentially
concern systems involving “in vehicle” cameras. In my judgment, the notional
skilled person would not find it too far-fetched to mosaic these pieces of
prior art to form a considered view of the state of the art (see Mühlbauer
([32] supra) at [94]). To recap, the pieces of prior art cited may be
summarised as follows:

(a) D1, a patent relating to an “audio visual video tape recording system
mounted in or on a land vehicle” and which is “automatically activated when
the ignition is turned ‘ON’ to record events forward and rearward
simultaneously”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AB 10

(b) D2, a patent entitled “Car Cam” in which a “typical application [is] the
use of the device to document automobile accidents”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

AB 15

(c) D3, a patent has been referred to already in some detail above (see [87]
for a fuller description).

(d) D4, a patent entitled “Apparatus for Video-Recording Fortuitous Events
Related to Moving Means of Any Nature”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

AB 63

(e) D5, a patent which relates to a “vehicle accident recording system
employ[ing] a digital camera connected to a controller, a non-volatile memory,
and an accident-sensing interrupter”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

AB 83

137 The Defendant does not provide a detailed analysis on the inventive step
said to be embodied in the Patent in Suit. It argues that its submissions in
respect of novelty in respect of D3 apply with equal force with respect to
lack of inventive step of the Patent in Suit. In addition, the Defendant
submits that D1 to D5 are in the same technical field and aim to solve similar
technical problems as the Patent in Suit, and are readily available to the
person skilled in the art to select and combine. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

AB 420; Defendant’s submissions paras 61-62

138 In its Particulars of Objection (Amendment No 2), the Defendant argues
that the claims in the Patent in Suit are not inventive in light of various
combinations (or “mosaics”) of the five prior art documents (D1 to D5) and the
common general knowledge. In brief, this is because the teachings in one or
more of the prior art documents make various elements of the claims obvious.
97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Particulars of Objection against Patent No 87795 (Amendment No 2) pp 2-8

Slightly different combinations of the prior art and common general knowledge
are produced in Annex A to the Defendant’s closing submissions, but the
Defendant does not explain why the “mosaicing” of those particular
combinations of prior art mean that the Patent in Suit lacks inventive step.

139 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, in his closing submissions, mainly
focuses on the ignition monitor in Claim 1, which he claims is absent in each
of the prior art documents. The Plaintiff focuses on what I have termed the
“dual functions” of the ignition monitor (see [98] above) as set out
especially in Claim 1. It is not the Plaintiff’s position that the inventive
step lies in the ignition monitor being connected to the vehicle ignition
system. To recap, these two functions are namely, (i) the ability to
monitor/detect ignition voltage (voltage produced by the ignition system); and
(ii) the ability to send a signal to the system controller. The Plaintiff
submits that because of the absence of an ignition monitor in each of the
prior art, Claims 2 to 8, which are dependent on Claim 1, are inventive and
thus valid. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 58-67

The Defendant does not dispute that D2 and D4 do not have ignition monitors
but argues that a component equivalent to an ignition monitor exists in each
of prior arts D1, D3 and D5.

Prior art D1

140 D1 relates to an audio-visual video tape recording system to be used in or
on a land vehicle. The system is automatically activated when the ignition
switch is turned on by the operator, after which the forward and rearward
cameras will switch on. Both cameras then record all audio and visual events
at the front and rear of the vehicle within the scope of their reception
simultaneously. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

AB 13-14

I pause to underscore that unlike the Patent in Suit where the ignition
monitor waits five seconds after detecting the required voltage before sending
the “turn on” signal to the system controller, the camera in D1 is
automatically activated and switched on (immediately) when the ignition switch
is turned on.

141 Dr Yu, the Defendant’s expert, argues that the ignition switch in D1 is in
effect an ignition monitor as described in the Patent in Suit. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 76:19-77:7

The ignition switch 5 in D1, referring to Figure 6 below, is described as
follows in the patent specification:

…the operator turns on the ignition switch 5 thereby energizing the forward
camera 14 and the central recording unit 4 through the forward signal
transmission cable 10F and the rearward camera through rearward signal
transmission cable 10R…

![](data:image/png;base64,
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)

Figure 6: Fig 2 of D1

Dr Yu states that the forward and rearward signal transmission cables 10F and
10R are “coaxial cables” which, to an electrical or electronic engineer, is a
“signal wire” or “signal cable”. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 78:1-11; 85:22-86:1

142 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, takes the position that the ignition
switch 5 in D1 simply works as a switch to close the circuit along which it is
installed. It is unable to detect a DC voltage in excess of a threshold value
and does not send a signal to the system control unit. In fact, in his closing
submissions, the Plaintiff’s position is that there is not even a system
control unit in D1 (although he appears elsewise to accept that the central
recording unit 4 is the system controller 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Table of Disputes on Invalidity

). Instead, he argues that when the ignition switch 5 is turned on, the
forward and rearward cameras are directly “energised” by way of an electrical
current. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

AB 11, 13-14; Plaintiff’s submissions para 60

143 I accept Dr Yu’s opinion that a coaxial cable can be used to transmit a
signal, as his unchallenged evidence is that coaxial cables have traditionally
been used to transmit data to a computer. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 86:20-87:5

Indeed, I note that the specification in D1 itself uses the words “signal
transmission cable” [emphasis added] to describe the coaxial cables 10F and
10R in Figure 6 above.

144 Although the focus of the parties is on the dual functions of the ignition
monitor, it is in my view more helpful to take a step back and examine the
broader question of what the overall function of the ignition monitor (which
is claimed to be the inventive step) is meant to be. In my judgment, the
overall function of the ignition monitor is to enable power to be drawn
directly from the vehicle’s ignition system (rather than from any other
source), in order to start up the camera. In this regard, the Patent in Suit
is directly connected to the primary circuit of the ignition system. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

AB 114

145 However, D1 and, indeed, D3 are both connected to the ignition switch,
which is part of the primary circuit of the ignition system, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

AB 11, 13 and 59

such that power from the ignition system is also drawn, in the case of D1,
directly to energise the camera, and in the case of D3, to close mechanical
switches in order to turn on the camera. Further, I am also of the view that
it is common general knowledge that if a device were to be connected to the
ignition system, it is only viable to connect the device to the primary
circuit of the ignition system.

146 It will be recalled that according to the Plaintiff’s expert, Mr
Schweiger, there are two circuits in the ignition system, a primary circuit
and a secondary circuit. As stated earlier, it is dangerous for a person to
attempt to interfere with the secondary circuit as it is of a very high
voltage (about 2,000 to 3,000 volts). 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 70:12-18

It might be said that the inventiveness of the Patent in Suit is apparent in
light of the opinion of Mr Schweiger, at trial, that the ignition system of a
vehicle is rarely, if ever, meddled with. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 30:25-31:22

Because the Plaintiff’s invention is dependent on connecting the ignition
monitor to the ignition system directly, and in contradistinction to other
methods of detecting ignition (such as engine revolutions per minute (“RPM”)),
might it be said that he “contributes something new by showing that, contrary
to the mistaken prejudice, the idea will work or is practical”? In short, he
must have “shown something new” and demonstrated that the “apparent ‘lion in
the path’ is merely a paper tiger”. If so, in this way “his contribution is
novel and non-obvious and he deserves his patent”: Pozzoli SpA v BDMO SA
[2007] FSR 37 at [27], cited in Mühlbauer ([32] supra) at [100]. The
difficulty, however, in the present case is that the notional skilled reader
will be aware of the dangers of connecting devices to the secondary ignition
circuit. Indeed, the prior art already taught that video or image recordings
devices could be powered up by connection with the primary circuit of a car
ignition system. What is different is the use of the dual-function “ignition
monitor” in the claimed invention whose functions have been explained above.

147 The key question is whether the requirement of the ignition monitor goes
beyond novelty: does it also involve an inventive step? I acknowledge that the
precise mechanism or process by which the camera is ultimately switched on is
different in each of D1, D3 and the Patent in Suit. In the Patent in Suit, the
Plaintiff has connected an ignition monitor to the primary circuit of the
car’s ignition system as part of the process to activate the camera. The
question is: would the notional skilled reader find it obvious to use an
ignition monitor as part of that system? This is a matter of judgment. On the
evidence and material before me, I have come to the view that the use of the
ignition monitor (bearing in mind its dual functions and the five-second
delay) is inventive. While the prior art does teach that electronic devices
(accessories) may be connected to the primary circuit, the prior art cited
does not suggest a dual ignition monitor with a built in five-second delay
before the sending of the “turn on” signal. I do not think the notional
skilled reader would have found these particular features “obvious”, even if
he was aware that the device could be wired into the primary circuit.

Prior art D5

148 For completeness, I shall deal with D5, which is a vehicle accident
recording system which employs a digital camera connected to a controller, a
non-volatile memory and an accident-sensing interrupter. The controller
accesses images from the digital camera periodically and stores the images.
When the storage is full, the newest image overwrites the oldest stored image.
In the event of an accident, the interrupter ceases the storage of any more
new images (and thus prevents the overriding of older images). The result is
that there is a recorded history of images spanning a time period up to the
occurrence of the accident. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

AB 83

There are also vehicle operation transducers which capture vehicle operation
data useful for vehicle accident investigation, such as speed, distance,
braking, steering and engine RPM. The recording of the vehicle data operates
continuously as long as the vehicle ignition system is on, but sensors of
engine RPM stop the recording of the vehicle data when the engine is not
operating, which would occur in the event of an accident. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

AB 89-91

149 With regards to D5, Dr Yu argues that the “sensors of engine RPM”
mentioned in the preceding paragraph, or alternatively the “transducers”
mentioned in Claim 13 of D5 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

AB 91 Col 7 lines 8-9 and AB 92 Col 9 Claim 13

are collectively the “ignition monitor” of D5. Claim 13 of D5 states:

A computerized vehicle log system as in claim 12 wherein the one or more
transducers measure one or more of speed, fuel flow, acceleration and
deceleration, engine RPM, and engine temperature.

Dr Yu explained at trial that a “transducer”” is the same as a “sensor”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 89:12-20; 5 August 2016 28:14-17

150 During cross-examination of Dr Yu, the Plaintiff’s counsel pointed out
that the “[s]ensors of engine RPM” used in the specification of D5, when read
in context, are used to “stop the recording of vehicle data when the engine is
not operating” 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

AB 91 Col 7 lines 8-9

[emphasis added]. Dr Yu was thus given an opportunity to address the court on
whether and where the specification of D5 states that sensors of engine RPM
can also be used to start the recording device. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript 4 August 2016 90:17-91:17

On the following day of the trial, Dr Yu proffered the explanation that this
feature is disclosed in Claim 13 of D5. He explains that in order for the
engine of a vehicle to rotate, there must first be ignition. These engine
rotations will be captured by the sensors, also called transducers, which will
send out a signal that triggers the operation of the camera. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Transcript 5 August 2016 28:9-29:14

151 With respect, I am unable to follow the explanation of Dr Yu. It is not
clear to me, from the wording of Claim 13 of D5, that the sensors or
transducers in D5 are used to “start up” a camera. Instead, it is clear from
other parts of the specification that the sensors of engine RPM “are used to”,
ie, they serve only to, terminate the recording of vehicle data. This, as the
Plaintiff argues, is contrary to the purpose of the ignition monitor in the
Patent in Suit, which is used to send a signal to the system controller, to
turn on or start the recording process of the camera. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 61; AB 394

Conclusion on inventive step

152 Looking at the prior art documents as a whole, I am of the view that the
“ignition monitor” is not obvious to a notional skilled person, and
constitutes an inventive step, in light of the prior art and common general
knowledge. The need or desirability for an in-vehicle camera recording system
to capture a vehicle’s external surroundings in connection with accidents is
obvious. Indeed, such devices existed in one form or another in the prior art.
The question was whether it was obvious to try the particular solution devised
by the inventor. In my judgment, it was not.

Conclusion on validity of the Patent in Suit

153 In the light of my foregoing findings, I am satisfied that the Patent in
Suit is valid and the Defendant’s objections in its defence fail. Thus, I
shall turn to the Defendant’s alternative arguments.

Infringement of the Patent in Suit

154 The Defendant’s case is that in the event that the Patent in Suit is held
to be valid, it is in any event not infringed by any of the Defendant’s
alleged acts (see [21] above).

155 Section 66(1) of the Patents Act states:

66.—(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person infringes a patent for
an invention if, but only if, while the patent is in force, he does any of the
following things in Singapore in relation to the invention without the consent
of the proprietor of the patent:

(a) where the invention is a product, he makes, disposes of, offers to dispose
of, uses or imports the product or keeps it whether for disposal or otherwise;

…

156 The Defendant’s main defence is that three elements of Claim 1 of the
Patent in Suit have not been taken by the Devices, namely, (i) the monitoring
of ignition voltage; (ii) the means to send a signal to the system controller
on detection of an ignition voltage; and (iii) the means to switch off at
least one optical recorder after a fixed interval after receiving the sensor
signal. I shall examine each of these elements in turn. It bears repeating
that it is established law that to infringe the Patent in Suit, the Defendant
must take all the essential elements of the claimed invention. The essential
elements are, of course, what claim construction is all about. The remarks of
William Cornish, David Llewelyn & Tanya Aplin, Intellectual Property: Patents,
Copyrights, Trade Marks & Allied Rights (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2013) at
para 6-02 bear repeating:

An article with the attributes called for in the claim remains an
infringement, even if further things are added to it and even if those things
make it more successful. … But a thing will cease to be within a claim if one
or more of the essential elements is omitted or substituted by something
different—something which does not fall within the description used in the
claim.

…

It was always law … that while an infringer must take each and every one of
the essential integers of a claim, “non-essential” integers may be omitted or
replaced by mechanical equivalents. …

The monitoring of ignition voltage

157 The Defendant’s case is that the Devices are not configured to be
connected to any part of a vehicle or the vehicle’s engine. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

AB 523 lines 20-21; 526 lines 1-3

Indeed, they do not require the ignition of an internal combustion engine to
work. Instead, they will switch on and begin recording whenever they receive
an incoming stable and continuous DC electrical power of about 5 volts from
any source. In this respect, the Devices have USB ports which can be connected
to any power source. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

AB 523 lines 25-31; 526 lines 14-15

This may be the Devices’ own internal battery 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

AB 528 lines 27-30

, an external charger (provided with the Devices) plugged into the vehicle’s
cigarette lighter socket, or an external battery supply (such as an external
power bank or computer). In this sense, the Devices will work even in an
electric vehicle which has no internal combustion engine. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s submissions paras 66-67; AB 526 lines 4-5.

Indeed, Mr Schweiger, the Plaintiff’s expert, conceded at trial that the
Devices will also work when the ignition key of a vehicle is in position 1,
121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Transcript 3 August 2016 96:1-21

ie, when the vehicle’s accessories, such as the radio, are supplied with power
from the vehicle’s battery, but there is no ignition of the engine. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

AB 367

What this means is that if the driver connects any of the Devices to the
cigarette lighter socket and engages the ignition position 1, the Device will
still be powered up. For these reasons, the Defendant’s argument is that the
Devices do not monitor engine ignition activities at all. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

AB 523 line 22

This is different from the Plaintiff’s device, which is wired directly to the
primary ignition circuit and which uses an ignition monitor to detect the
requisite stable power voltage and to send a signal to the system controller.

158 The Plaintiff’s case is, however, that the Defendant’s Devices contain
“ignition monitors” because the Devices contain the means for detecting
whether a car’s ignition is active or not. This position is based on several
of Mr Schweiger’s experiments outlined in his expert reports:

(a) In relation to the MX5, Mr Schweiger plugged the external charger of the
MX5 into a cigarette lighter socket, connected to a variable voltage source.
He first reduced the variable voltage source to about 1 volt, and switched the
MX5 off. He then gradually increased the voltage supplied to the MX5 in steps
of about 0.1 to 0.3 volts. When the voltage had reached about 6.9 volts, the
MX5 switched on and began recording images. In a variation of this experiment,
he used an “on-off” voltage switch, in which the voltage of the cigarette
lighter was changed from 0 volt to 12 volts (the ignition voltage of a car)
instantly, rather than incrementally. He therefore concluded that the MX5 had
an ignition monitor which would allow it to be switched on when the car
ignition is activated. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

AB 433

These experiments were repeated by the Plaintiff and Mr Schweiger in court on
the first day of the trial, producing largely the same results (except that in
the first experiment, the MX5 only turned on when the voltage was increased to
about 8 volts). 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 7:16-9:3; 12:5-14:17

(b) In relation to the MX6 and QB6, Mr Schweiger plugged each of their
external chargers into a cigarette lighter socket supplied with a 12-volt
voltage. The MX6 and QB6 each turned on automatically and began recording
images. From this, he concluded that the MX6 and QB6 will also automatically
switch on upon engine ignition. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

AB 446 and 473

159 The Defendant submits that Mr Schweiger’s experiments merely demonstrate
that (i) the Devices would power up upon the Devices receiving a certain
voltage (6.9 or 8 volts); and (ii) can also switch on when supplied with the
voltage of a typical ignition system of a vehicle (12 volts). The Defendant’s
point appears to be that the experiments do not prove that the Devices cannot
be powered by another source independent from the vehicle’s ignition system.
Indeed, it bears repeating that Mr Schweiger accepted that the Defendant’s
Devices will still switch on when the ignition switch is at position 1, such
that the Devices receive only power from the car battery, through the car
cigarette lighter socket, without any engine ignition.

160 To be clear, the fact that the Defendant’s Devices have a number of
different ways of turning on and drawing power (such as by (i) connection to
the cigarette lighter socket of the car; or (ii) connection to an external
power bank via a USB port) does not in itself mean that they are not
infringing. They will still infringe if one method of turning on and drawing
power is by means of connection to the ignition system.

161 After considering the submissions, I am of the view that the Defendant’s
Devices, which can draw power by being connected with the car’s battery
through the car cigarette lighter socket, falls outside the scope of Claim 1.
By contrast, as I have earlier explained (at [64] above), an “ignition
monitor” detects the requisite voltage from or produced by the ignition
system. This involves wiring to the primary circuit of the ignition system.

162 While this factor alone is sufficient for a finding of non-infringement,
for completeness, I now go on to consider whether the Defendant’s devices fall
outside of Claim 1 for other reasons.

The means to send a signal to the system controller on detection of an
ignition voltage

163 The next issue relates to what I have termed the second function of the
ignition monitor of the Patent in Suit. The Defendant’s position is that the
Devices do not have the means to send an ignition monitor signal to the system
controller on detection of an ignition voltage, for the simple reason that
there is no ignition monitor. Instead, the Devices will simply switch on when
they receive sufficient, stable and continuous electric power. This is no
different from any other electrical device. The turning on and off of electric
power does not amount to an electric “signal”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Defendant’s submissions para 72.

164 On the first day of the trial, Dr Yu, the Defendant’s expert, gave a short
demonstration in this regard using a USB cable which contained multiple wires.
He modified the USB cable, cutting off the white and green “signal” wires
(used to transmit data), and leaving intact the red and black “power” wires
which transmit a DC voltage of 5 volts. He then connected the MX6 to this
modified USB cable. The result was that the MX6 likewise turned on and began
recording images. By this experiment, Dr Yu concluded that whenever the MX6
(and any of the other Devices) receive a power supply of 5 volts, it will
begin to record images; no “signal” was required to be transmitted. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 19:21-21:23; Defendant’s submissions para 73.

This can be distinguished from the invention in the Patent in Suit.

165 Given my finding (at [70] above) that the plain and ordinary meaning of
the word “signal” is a conveyance of information about the voltage, not just
voltage (electrical power) itself, I agree with the Defendant’s position.
Because the Devices can be switched on even when signal cables are cut, this
must mean that no “signal” was transmitted to the cameras, but merely power.
In any event, there does not appear to be the equivalent of a “system
controller” in any of the Devices, to which any signal can be sent. Instead,
the cameras in the Devices are powered directly when they receive power
through the USB cables. Thus, even if I am wrong in finding that the
Defendant’s Devices do not infringe on the basis that they do not detect the
requisite voltage from or produced by the ignition system, the Defendant’s
devices still fall outside of Claim 1 as they do not have an ignition monitor
which sends a signal to a system controller upon detection of the requisite
voltage.

The means to switch off at least one optical recorder after a fixed interval
after receiving the sensor signal

166 The next issue in contention is the part of Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit
which deals with whether the optical recorders may be switched off after a
fixed interval upon detection of deceleration or impact. According to the
Defendant, the Devices will continue to operate as long as they receive steady
DC power supply. For example, if the vehicle’s electric power supply is
terminated, the Devices will continue to operate until the in-built battery is
depleted. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Defendant’s submissions paras 76-77; AB 524 lines 30-31, 527 lines 16-18, 529
lines 30-31

The Defendant points out that in the experiments described in Mr Schweiger’s
first expert report, Mr Schweiger had to physically disconnect the Devices
from the cigarette lighter socket before they could be switched off. Further,
in the second opinion of Mr Samuel Yuen (“Mr Yuen”), an advocate and solicitor
from Yuen Law LLC engaged by the Plaintiff, he also concluded that his
experiments “do not show evidence of this feature [ie, a system controller
providing means to switch off the optical recorder after a fixed interval
after receiving a sensor signal]”. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Defendant’s submissions paras 78-79; AB 337-338

I pause to note that Mr Yuen, who was not called as a witness for the trial,
was engaged by the Plaintiff to provide opinions prior to the engagement of Mr
Schweiger. As will be discussed below, these opinions were rendered in
connection with the cease and desist letters. For the avoidance of any doubt,
it is evident that Mr Schweiger conducted his own experiments. I add, with
respect, that Mr Yuen’s qualifications to give expert opinion evidence is in
any event rather doubtful. No reliance was placed on the views that he
expressed.

167 The Plaintiff’s submission appears to be premised on different
understandings of the term “optical recorder” and what it means for an optical
recorder to be “switched off”.

168 The Plaintiff first draws a distinction between an “optical recorder
device” and an “optical capture device”. The former, according to the
Plaintiff, stores images permanently while the latter merely “observes” images
without the means to store them permanently. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 102 and 114

Thus, the Plaintiff argues, the Defendant’s interpretation of an “optical
recorder” as a camera, and conclusion that the Devices continue to operate
(ie, the camera does not switch off) even after an impact, is too simplistic.
132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 98

169 Instead, the Plaintiff argues that the cameras of the Devices, without any
storage media, act purely as an “optical capture device” that capture images
in front of them. It is only when a storage media (such as a memory card) is
inserted that the Devices become both an optical capture device and an optical
recorder device (by storing optical images captured through the camera on the
storage media). Therefore, it is in fact the memory card of the Devices that
is the optical recorder device described in Claim 1, because it is the
repository in which optical images are stored. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Plaintiff’s submissions paras 106 and 115

170 After the Devices undergo a simulated collision (done by applying a stroke
with a screwdriver to the top of the Devices), a “key” symbol appears on the
display screen of the camera. This means that the recordings
(post-“collision”) are “locked” and the data cannot be overridden. When
extracted, it results in a “read only” file. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 10:7-11:8

In this way, what I understand the Plaintiff to be arguing is that the optical
recorder device will “switch off” upon detection of collision or impact (in
that the storage medium is no longer able to store any more images to override
the locked file), even though the camera itself (ie, the optical capture
device) does not.

171 With respect, I am unable to agree with the Plaintiff’s submission. In my
view, the distinction drawn by the Plaintiff between an “optical recorder
device” and an “optical capture device” is not evident in any part of the
Patent in Suit. Instead, from a perusal of the claims, it appears that the
term “optical recorder” is simply a broad, generic phrase which, as
exemplified in later claims, covers a digital camera (Claim 7) and a digital
camcorder (Claim 8) (see [123] above). For example, in one embodiment of the
invention in the Patent in Suit shown in Figure 1 above ([63] supra), item 5
in Figure 1 is referred to as a “digital camera”, which is one variant of an
optical recorder. There is no evidence, as the Plaintiff argues, that the
external storage device (such as a memory card) is the “optical recorder”
referred to in Claim 1. Indeed, an “optical recorder” is distinct from a
“memory store”, as is clear from the drafting of Claims 3 and 4:

3\. A recording system as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2 wherein the at least
one optical recorder is provided with an internal memory store.

4\. A recording system as claimed in claim 1 or claim 2 wherein the at least
one optical recorder is connected to a separate memory store.

[emphasis added]

172 Since an optical recorder is the camera itself, rather than the storage
device, the “switching off” of the optical recorder cannot be taken to mean
the termination of storage of images and the creation of the “read-only” file,
as the Plaintiff argues. Instead, the plain and ordinary meaning of “switching
off” an optical recorder refers to the physical turning off of it. This must
also have been what is meant in Claim 1 of the Patent in Suit. According to
the specification of the Patent in Suit, when the impact sensor detects sudden
deceleration or impact, a signal is sent to the system controller to turn off
the main power supply to the camera (one example of an optical recorder) and
the standby power supply is turned on to supply power to the camera instead.
The camera thus continues to record for a certain amount of time until the
standby power supply is switched off. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

AB 121

It is in this context that the Patent in Suit elaborates that “system
controller provid[es] means to switch off the…optical recorder after a fixed
interval after receiving the sensor signal” [emphasis added]. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

AB 123

Without power from either the main or standby power supply, the optical
recorder would be physically switched off.

Conclusion on infringement

173 For the above-mentioned reasons, the Defendant’s offering of the Devices
for sale does not infringe the Patent in Suit. A declaration of non-
infringement is granted to the Defendant.

The Defendant’s counterclaim for groundless threats of proceedings

174 Finally, I turn to deal with the Defendant’s counterclaim for groundless
threats of infringement proceedings. This is based on the two cease and desist
letters, the contents of which have been set out at [10] to [12] above.

The legal principles

175 Section 77 of the Patents Act states:

77.—(1) Where a person (whether or not the proprietor of, or entitled to any
right in, a patent) by circulars, advertisements or otherwise threatens
another person with proceedings for any infringement of a patent, a person
aggrieved by the threats (whether or not he is the person to whom the threats
are made) may, subject to subsection (4), bring proceedings in the court
against the person making the threats, claiming any relief mentioned in
subsection (3).

(2) In any such proceedings, the plaintiff shall, if he proves that the
threats were so made and satisfies the court that he is a person aggrieved by
them, be entitled to the relief claimed unless —

(a) the defendant proves that the acts in respect of which proceedings were
threatened constitute or, if done, would constitute an infringement of a
patent; and

(b) the patent alleged to be infringed is not shown by the plaintiff to be
invalid in a relevant respect.

(3) The said relief is —

(a) a declaration to the effect that the threats are unjustifiable;

(b) an injunction against the continuance of the threats; and

(c) damages in respect of any loss which the plaintiff has sustained by the
threats.

(4) Proceedings may not be brought under this section for a threat to bring
proceedings for an infringement alleged to consist of making or importing a
product for disposal or of using a process.

…

[emphasis added]

176 The reference to “plaintiff” in s 77 of the Patents Act includes a
plaintiff in a counterclaim, such as the Defendant in the present suit. For
convenience, and to avoid confusion, I shall use the names of the parties in
discussing the claim under s 77. The plaintiff in the counterclaim is Maka GPS
Technologies Pte Ltd (“Maka GPS Technologies”) while the person against whom
the relief is sought is Mr Lee Tat Cheng (“Mr Lee”), the patentee and
defendant in the counterclaim.

177 A “threat” can be determined by looking at the letter (which is said to
contain the reported threats) through the eyes of a reasonable and normal
recipient and thereafter decide whether there could be a reasonable argument
that the said letter would be understood as a threat of patent proceedings:
Flexon (Pte) Ltd v Bean Innovations Pte Ltd and another [2000] 3 SLR(R) 492 at
[47]. In the present case, the cease and desist letters clearly amount to a
threat of infringement proceedings for the purposes of s 77(1). This is
especially because the cease and desist letters demanded fees and damages in
lieu of Mr Lee’s enforcement of his strict legal rights, which must include
infringement proceedings. Maka GPS Technologies, being the recipient of the
cease and desist letters containing the threats, is a “person aggrieved by the
threats” referred to in s 77(1). I should add that there is no indication that
the “person” who is aggrieved has to be a natural person, since s 2 of the
Patents Act defines the term “person” used in the Patents Act to include the
Government.

178 Under s 77(2) of the Patents Act, the burden is on Maka GPS Technologies
to prove that (i) threats of infringement proceedings were made; and (ii) that
it is a person aggrieved by the threats. Once Maka GPS Technologies succeeds
in establishing these two elements, it is prima facie entitled to the relief,
unless the threat is justified. Such a threat is justified if (a) Mr Lee
proves that the acts in respect of which he had threatened proceedings
constitute or would constitute an infringement of his patent; and (b) the
patent (in respect of which infringement proceedings were threatened) is not
shown by Maka GPS Technologies to be invalid in a relevant respect: see ASM
Assembly Automation Ltd v Aurigin Technology Pte Ltd and others [2010] 1 SLR 1
at [66]. Both conditions must be satisfied in order for Mr Lee’s threats to be
justified.

179 In this case, the threat is not justified because one of the two
cumulative conditions has not been satisfied. Even though the Patent in Suit
is valid (ie, condition (b) is satisfied), I found earlier that Maka GPS
Technologies’ acts do not constitute an infringement of the Patent in Suit.
Therefore, relief under this section may be available.

180 I turn then to the question of discretion and the grant of relief. In the
recent case of Singsung Pte Ltd v LG 26 Electronics Pte Ltd (trading as L S
Electrical Trading) [2016] 4 SLR 86 (“Singsung”), the Court of Appeal analysed
the groundless threat provisions, albeit in the context of copyright law.
Whilst the Court of Appeal was concerned solely with the equivalent provision
in s 200 of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed), the views expressed on
the underlying policy behind the statutory action for groundless threats may
be relevant to other areas of intellectual property law, including patent law.

181 The Court of Appeal held (at [133]) that the purpose of a claim of
groundless threats is to provide a statutory remedy for aggrieved parties
whose business or reputation might be affected by threats emanating from
another party, without the need to prove bad faith on the part of the
threatening party.

182 The Court of Appeal also opined (at [129) that the rationale underlying
the groundless threat provisions is to establish a balance between the
protection of existing intellectual property rights and the prevention of
“bullying” tactics in which right-holders use the threat of legal proceedings
directed at their competitors or customers to chill their legitimate
activities.

183 In this regard, the possible high costs associated with defending an
action for infringement of an intellectual property right may have the effect
of frightening away competitors, even those whose activities are not in fact
infringing, but who are nonetheless unprepared to face the costs and time
involved in establishing their innocence: Singsung at [129]. On the other
hand, overly broad groundless threats provisions may instead have a “chilling”
effect on the proprietors of intellectual property rights, because the fear of
exposure to liability for groundless threats may mean that those with fewer
resources will hesitate to enforce, or perhaps even forgo the legitimate
enforcement of, their rights in the first place: Singsung at [138].

184 The Court of Appeal opined (at [148]) that the task of the court is to
consider whether, in all the circumstances, there is any reason for it to
grant relief upon a claim of a groundless threat that is founded on a failed
allegation of infringement. In this regard, the Court of Appeal stated that it
does not follow that where an allegation of infringement has failed, this must
necessarily result in any relief being granted; instead, the grant of relief
by the court is discretionary. In each case, the question of whether relief
ought to be granted will be a fact-sensitive inquiry as to whether the action
was warranted and whether any relief is required at all. The cost consequences
flowing from a failed claim would also be a relevant consideration.

185 Although the above policy considerations are broadly relevant to patent
law, I note that the Copyright Act cloaks the relief available under s 200 in
discretionary language. Section 200(1) of the Copyright Act provides that
where a person threatens another person with proceedings for copyright
infringement, a person who is aggrieved may bring an action and “may” obtain a
declaration that the threats are unjustified and an injunction, and “may”
recover damages, unless the acts in respect of which proceedings were
threatened constituted or would constitute an infringement of copyright.

186 Section 77(2) of the Patents Act, on the other hand, employs language
which, at least at first sight, is far more proscriptive in nature. It states
that the plaintiff shall, if he proves that the threats were so made and
satisfies the court that he is a person aggrieved by them, be entitled to the
relief claimed, unless the threats were justified (on which, see [178] above).
The reliefs available are set out in s 77(3) (quoted in full at [175] above).

187 Whilst there are similarities between s 200 of the Copyright Act and s 77
of the Patents Act, the language and structure of the provisions is not the
same.

188 In my view, the stronger language of s 77(3) of the Patents Act should be
taken into account. The provisions in s 77 represent a careful balancing of
the interests of the plaintiff and the defendant. This is evident from the
careful and detailed allocation of burdens of proof and the various elements
required to be established by s 77 of the Patents Act. Accordingly, the Court
does not appear to have discretion as to whether to award relief under s 77.
Once the plaintiff has established all the requisite elements – namely that he
is prima facie entitled to relief (ie, threats were made and he is an
aggrieved person) and the threats are not shown to be justified – the
plaintiff is entitled to be granted a form of relief.

189 I turn now to the type of relief that may be applied for. The nature of
the relief is, of course, a relevant consideration. The grant of an
injunction, on general principles, is a discretionary remedy. Under s 77(3) of
the Patents Act, the injunction is limited to an order against the continuance
of the threats. It may be that there will be cases where there is no
likelihood that the threats will be repeated. In such a case, I am of the view
that the court is not bound to grant the injunction. Nevertheless, if it is
found that the threats are unjustified within the terms of s 77, and taking
into account the language and structure of the provisions, the plaintiff would
still be entitled to damages for any loss which it has sustained by the
threats. The burden, of course, is on the plaintiff to show a loss that was
caused by the threats. If he is unable to establish any loss, it must follow
that there is no basis for any award (save possibly of a notional sum).
Finally, there is the question as to whether declaratory relief (ie, a
declaration that the threat is unjustified) should be granted.

The parties’ submissions

190 According to Maka GPS Technologies, there are a few reasons why the cease
and desist letters constitute groundless threats of infringement proceedings.
137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Defendant’s submissions paras 100-114

First, it argues that there was no reasonable basis for the cease and desist
letters. Prior to the sending of the cease and desist letters, Mr Lee did not
seek the advice of a qualified registered patent agent, but only engaged Mr
Yuen, an advocate and solicitor, to provide three infringement opinions. These
opinions were not grounded on a technical analysis undertaken by a patent
agent or someone skilled in the art. Further, Mr Yuen had opined that the
experiments he had carried out on the MX6 did not disclose one of the
essential elements of the Patent in Suit, namely, the system controller
providing means to switch off the optical recorder after a fixed interval
after receiving a sensor signal.

191 Second, Mr Lee’s demand for damages in the cease and desist letters were
not justified. It appears that the 13 February 2014 letter, which demanded
damages amounting to $50,000, was based on the Plaintiff’s “market study” that
essentially comprised walking around a car park in Singapore and counting the
number of cars with car cameras, rather than any analytical study. The
Plaintiff was also unable to explain how he came up with the figures (demanded
in the 28 October 2014 letter) of a licence fee of $12 per unit of the Devices
sold, $3,750 for the expert opinion and $7,500 for investigation fees and
professional fees. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Transcript 2 August 2016 50:23-52:22; 58:16-59:23

192 Third, the point is made by Maka GPS Technologies that the writ of summons
for the present suit was issued belatedly on 10 March 2015, more than a year
after the 13 February 2014 letter.

193 Mr Lee’s argument was simply that, based on his submissions, there was no
groundless threat because the Patent in Suit was valid and subsisting, and the
Devices have been shown to infringe the Patent in Suit. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Plaintiff’s submissions para 129

Unfortunately, I am unable to accept this argument because I have earlier
found that the Devices did not infringe the Patent in Suit.

Decision

194 In the circumstances, I have already found that the cease and desist
letters constitute threats and that Maka GPS Technologies is entitled to
relief because Mr Lee has failed to establish one of the two cumulative
factors for a threat to be justified (see [177] and [179] above). I shall,
however, make a few comments about the parties’ submissions. First, I am of
the view that the first point raised by Maka GPS Technologies (ie, that there
was no reasonable basis for the cease and desist letters) is not a relevant
consideration in determining whether there is a right to claim relief. The
question is simply whether the threat of proceedings for patent infringement
was made. The action set out in s 77 is not limited to cases where the person
making the threat acted unreasonably.

195 I am also of the view that the second complaint raised (ie, unjustified
sums of damages and license fees claimed in respect of the alleged
infringement) is also irrelevant to the question of whether the threat of
proceedings was made. However, I accept that the actions of the person making
the threat and the severity or quantum of the “requests” or “demands” made
against the alleged infringer can be relevant to the loss suffered by the
alleged infringer. It will be recalled that in Singsung ([180] supra), the
Court of Appeal held that the purpose of groundless threat proceedings is to
provide a statutory remedy for aggrieved parties whose business or reputation
might be affected by threats emanating from another party (see [181] above).
It follows that it is incumbent on Maka GPS Technologies to show loss in the
sense that its business or reputation was affected. I will return to this
point shortly.

196 Finally, I deal with the third point raised by Maka GPS Technologies,
which is the one-year delay in issuing the writ of summons for the present
suit. In my view, the timing of the subsequent commencement of proceedings –
or indeed whether proceedings are commenced at all – is and should be
irrelevant to the issue of groundless threats.

197 First, it would be noted from the wording of s 77 of the Patents Act that
it is the threat of proceedings, rather than the actual commencement of it,
which is actionable. Indeed, the action created by s 77 of the Patents Act is
entitled “Remedy for groundless threats of infringement proceedings” [emphasis
added]. The justifiability of the threat depends solely on the two cumulative
factors in s 77(2) of the Patents Act, as set out at [178] above, and not on
whether and when legal proceedings are in fact commenced thereafter.

198 Second, if the timing of the subsequent commencement of proceedings (after
the threat) was a relevant consideration, there would be an “anomaly” in that
not only would the commencement of suits per se be encouraged (a concern in
Singsung ([180] supra) at [134]), but there would also be a perverse incentive
for the speedy commencement of proceedings. It is not unimaginable that in
such a case, holders of intellectual property rights would hastily commence
legal actions in a bid to avoid liability for groundless threats, without even
giving the opposing party time to consider its next course of action. This
would clearly be against the general policy of encouraging out-of-court
settlement of disputes, but would instead proliferate the “sue first, talk
later” approach that has perturbed legal practitioners and the judiciary (see
Singsung at [135]).

199 In the light of my comments, it is evident that the parties’ submissions
do not alter my earlier finding that Maka GPS Technologies is entitled to
relief. I now turn to the appropriate form of relief to be granted to Maka GPS
Technologies. In this regard, the learned authors of CIPA Guide to the Patents
Acts (Paul G Cole ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2011) (“The CIPA Guide”) state
(at para 70.06) that “[t]o obtain an award of damages, the claimant must prove
a financial loss arising from the threat”. An example provided is Carflow
Products (UK) Ltd v Linwood Securities (Birmingham) Ltd and Others [1998] FSR
691, where Laddie J declined to award damages because the retailer had only
withdrawn the products from its catalogue after a writ was served against it.
The loss suffered by the retailer in withdrawing those items was held not to
be caused by the threat, but by its own decision to withdraw its products.

200 I note that The CIPA Guide also states (at para 70.06) that a successful
claimant is entitled to an inquiry into damages even when the court has deep
suspicions that he would recover very little indeed. To this end, the issues
of liability and quantum should be heard together.

201 However, in the evidence before me, the only “damage” that Maka GPS
Technologies suffered was its alleged difficulty in obtaining financing, which
arose after the commencement of legal proceedings. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

HSC AEIC para 27 and Exhibit HSC-6.

There is no evidence at all as to what the impact was (if any) on their
business or reputation. Indeed, there is no evidence that Maka GPS
Technologies had acceded to any of the demands by Mr Lee. Thus, Maka GPS
Technologies has failed to show that any conceivable damage has arisen from
the demands being made in the cease and desist letters, which cannot now be
compensated by a costs order against Mr Lee for having issued an unwarranted
threat. Consequently, I decline to make any award of damages to Maka GPS
Technologies.

202 While Maka GPS Technologies is prima facie entitled to a declaration that
the threats made were unjustifiable, I am of the view (like the Court of
Appeal in Singsung ([180] supra)) that this relief is unnecessary because I
have already found that Mr Lee’s claim for infringement fails and I have
ordered that a declaration of non-infringement be granted to Maka GPS
Technologies.

203 While there is nothing to suggest that Mr Lee will make further threats, I
am of the view that this is an appropriate case to grant an injunction against
the continuance of the threats.

Conclusion

204 In sum, although the claims of the Patent in Suit are novel and inventive,
and therefore valid, the Defendant’s offering of the Devices for sale does not
infringe the Patent in Suit and the Plaintiff’s claims fail. A declaration of
non-infringement is granted to the Defendant. The Defendant succeeds in its
counterclaim for groundless threats of infringement proceedings. An injunction
is granted to the Defendant against the continuance of the threats by the
Plaintiff.

205 Costs for the claim and counterclaim are to be paid by the Plaintiff to
the Defendant, to be agreed or taxed.

George Wei  
Judge

Ismail bin Atan and Koh Kai Ling Angeline (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the
plaintiff;  
Bryan Manaf Ghows and Khadijah binte Yasin (Via Law Corporation) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

