Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 26

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9148 of 2015

Between

| Muhammad Nasir bin Jamil  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Muhammad Nasir bin Jamil

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 26

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9148 of 2015  
Chao Hick Tin JA  
17 March; 25 May; 22 November 2016

10 February 2017

Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 Muhammad Nasir bin Jamil (“the Appellant”) first appeared before the
District Judge (“the DJ”) to face 28 charges of committing acts of harassment
on behalf of illegal moneylenders (see Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nasir bin
Jamil [2015] SGDC 261 (“the GD”) at [2]). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP at p 80.

The Appellant pleaded guilty to the six charges which were proceeded with. He
was accordingly convicted on 9 September 2015, and sentenced to a total of six
years’ and six months’ imprisonment (with effect from 10 July 2015) as well as
24 strokes of the cane. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP at p 3.

He appealed against his sentence, contending that it was excessive.

2 When the appeal first came before me for hearing, it appeared to me that
there was a legal question relating to the interpretation of the Moneylenders
Act (Cap 188, 2010 Rev Ed) (“the current MLA”) which could potentially work in
the Appellant’s favour – namely, whether an offender who was presently
convicted of a harassment offence under s 28 of the current MLA was liable to
enhanced punishment under that section if his previous conviction was for
abetting acts of harassment, rather than actually committing such acts (“the
Legal Question”). This question turned on the proper interpretation of s 28.
As the Appellant was not represented, I adjourned the hearing for him to
obtain legal assistance. He was, however, unsuccessful in his application for
criminal legal aid. I thus appointed a young amicus curiae, Mr Lin Yuankai
(“Mr Lin”), to assist the court. After considering the written and oral
submissions of both Mr Lin and the Prosecution, I answered the Legal Question
in the affirmative. Furthermore, having considered the parties’ submissions, I
did not find the Appellant’s overall sentence manifestly excessive. I
therefore dismissed the appeal.

3 The grounds set out herein pertain largely to the Legal Question, which I
shall address after laying out the relevant background of the case.

Background facts

4 The Appellant, who is aged 36 this year, was, at the material time, a part-
time security officer. On 9 July 2015, he was arrested at an open-air car park
in a housing estate in Sembawang and held in remand. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP at p21.

5 The following facts are based on the Statement of Facts that the Appellant
admitted to. In February or March 2015, the Appellant borrowed money from an
unlicensed moneylender (ie, a loan shark) known as “Hasim” to pay for his
daily expenses and car instalments. When the Appellant defaulted on the
repayments, Hasim told the Appellant to repay him by borrowing money from
another loan shark known as “Ben”. Instead of lending money to the Appellant,
Ben offered him a job – namely, that of “splashing paint at debtors’ homes and
writing on walls in the vicinity of those homes” 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP at p 21, para 4.

in return for a sum of $100 for every home that he beset. The Appellant took
up Ben’s offer and started accepting assignments from him in June 2015.

6 Between mid-June 2015 and 9 July 2015, the Appellant committed a total of 30
harassment offences before he was arrested. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP at pp4-8, Schedule of Offences.

These offences related to the splashing of (mostly red) paint on the doors of
housing units in various parts of Singapore and the writing of remarks on the
walls of such units. In the State Courts, six of these offences were proceeded
with, 22 offences were taken into consideration for sentencing purposes and no
further action was taken for the remaining two offences. In each of the six
proceeded offences, the Appellant had used his mobile phone to shoot a video
of the paint splashed at the unit concerned and the remarks written on the
wall of that unit, and then sent it to Ben so that he could claim the sum of
$100 per job. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP at p21, see paras 9, 14, 19, 24, 29 and 34.

In the case of the sixth proceeded offence, the Appellant had knowingly caused
property damage to a neighbouring unit instead of to the alleged debtor’s
unit. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP at p24 at para 35.

The six proceeded offences were all offences under s 28(2) read with s
28(1)(b) of the current MLA.

7 The Appellant had previously been convicted on 14 December 2012 under s
28A(1)(b) read with s 28(2) of the current MLA (see [15] below) of abetting
the commission of a harassment offence by providing transport to another
person to a debtor’s unit for the purpose of defacing the wall near that unit.
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

ROP at p 81 (GD at [5]).

Another abetment charge under s 28A had been taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes on that occasion. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Respondent’s submissions at para 10.

The Appellant had been sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment and three strokes
of the cane.

8 In the court below, the Prosecution submitted that given the aforesaid
precedent, the Appellant was liable to the enhanced punishment prescribed by
ss 28(2)(b) and 28(3)(d)(i) of the current MLA. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP at p25 at para 37.

In respect of the sixth proceeded offence, which involved damage to an
innocent neighbour’s unit, the Prosecution submitted that the Appellant should
receive at least two to three months’ additional imprisonment (on top of the
mandatory minimum sentence for repeat offenders who had caused property
damage). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP at p75.

In mitigation, the Appellant, who appeared in person, expressed remorse and
said that he had been “quite desperate during that time”. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP at p76.

9 As mentioned at [1] above, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to a total of six
years’ and six months’ imprisonment (with effect from 10 July 2015), and 24
strokes of the cane. For the first five proceeded charges, he sentenced the
Appellant to two years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane – the
minimum punishment prescribed under s 28(2)(b) read with s 28(3)(d)(i) for a
repeat offender who had caused property damage – for each charge. As the sixth
proceeded charge involved the harassment of an innocent neighbour’s home, the
DJ meted out a higher sentence – 2½ years’ imprisonment and five strokes of
the cane – for that charge. He ordered the imprisonment sentences for two of
the first five proceeded charges to run consecutively with the imprisonment
sentence for the sixth proceeded charge. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP at p77.

10 On 15 October 2015, the Appellant appealed against the DJ’s decision on the
ground that the sentence imposed was excessive. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP at p71.

The decision below

11 In the GD, the DJ noted that the Appellant was subject to enhanced
punishment as this was his “second conviction for harassing borrowers on
behalf of an unlicensed moneylender” (see the GD at [3]). 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP at p80.

12 In explaining the reasons for his sentence, the DJ held that:

(a) The principle of deterrence was the dominant object in such cases, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP at p85 (GD at [35]).

and the sentence imposed “must adequately meet the ends of both specific and
general deterrence” (see the GD at [39]). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP at p87.

(b) The culpability of the Appellant was significant, with six offences (ie,
the six proceeded offences) committed from 19 June 2015 to 6 July 2015 at
various locations in Singapore. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP at p87 (GD at [42]).

The Appellant’s actions were premeditated and calculated to evade police
detection. The Appellant was persistent in his approach, and even harassed one
household despite the presence of a CCTV camera outside that residence. He was
also indiscriminate, as could be seen from his harassment of a housing unit
that did not even belong to the alleged debtor in the case of the sixth
proceeded charge. Motivated by the lure of easy money, the Appellant caused
property damage. His mitigation was unexceptional – he claimed to have acted
out of desperation, but he had (so he said) borrowed money from Hasim to pay,
in part, his car instalments. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP at p89.

A car, the DJ pointed out, “was something [the Appellant] could forgo to pay
off his debt to ‘Hasim’ rather than work for ‘Ben’” (see the GD at [48]).
Furthermore, despite having been trained as a security officer, whose job was
to protect persons and property, the Appellant had engaged in “acts that were
the direct antithesis” (see the GD at [50]). In addition, the “aggravating
effect” of the 22 charges taken into consideration for sentencing purposes
could not be ignored – the number of charges was large and “reflected a
campaign of harassment/terror” (see the GD at [51]). 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP at p90.

13 For the preceding reasons, and in view of a number of sentencing precedents
(set out at [52] of the GD) which the DJ found pertinent even though they
concerned first-time rather than repeat offenders, 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP at p90.

the DJ decided, as stated earlier at [9] above, to impose the “mandatory
minimum” punishment of two years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane
for each of the first five proceeded charges. For the sixth proceeded charge,
he sentenced the Appellant to 2½ years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the
cane (see the GD at [53]).

14 The DJ further ordered that three of the imprisonment terms should run
consecutively so as to arrive at the appropriate global sentence (see the GD
at [55]–[61]; see also [9] above). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP at p95, GD at para 55.

He noted that although all the charges against the Appellant were framed under
s 28 of the current MLA, they related to “incidents at different dates, times,
addresses and in connection with different loans [to] different debtors” (see
the GD at [56]). The Appellant’s offences could thus be considered “distinct
offences”, and “not part of [a] single transaction” (see likewise [56] of the
GD). In the DJ’s view, ordering only two of the Appellant’s imprisonment
sentences to run consecutively “would not adequately reflect the total
culpability of the [Appellant] for all his acts” (see the GD at [58]); it
would also result in an aggregate imprisonment sentence which was shorter than
that imposed on some first-time harassers who had committed multiple offences.
23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP at p95.

An aggregate imprisonment term of six years and six months would not be
crushing as the Appellant “would still be at the economically viable age of 40
(or younger) when he [was] released” (see the GD at [62]).

The Legal Question

15 It is helpful at this point to set out the relevant legal provisions so
that the Legal Question can be placed in context. Sections 28 and 28A of the
current MLA read as follows:

Harassing borrower, besetting his residence, etc.

28.—(1) Subject to subsection (3), where an unlicensed moneylender —

(a) displays or uses any threatening, abusive or insulting words, behaviour,
writing, sign or visible representation; or

(b) commits any act likely to cause alarm or annoyance to his borrower or
surety, any member of the family of the borrower or surety, or any other
person,

in connection with the loan to the borrower, whether or not the unlicensed
moneylender does the act personally or by any person acting on his behalf, the
unlicensed moneylender shall be guilty of an offence and —

(i) in the case where the unlicensed moneylender is a body corporate, shall be
liable on conviction to a fine of not less than $10,000 and not more than
$100,000; or

(ii) in any other case —

(A) shall on conviction be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding
5 years and shall also be liable to a fine of not less than $5,000 and not
more than $50,000; and

(B) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall on conviction be
punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years and not more
than 9 years and shall also be liable to a fine of not less than $6,000 and
not more than $60,000.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), any person who, acting on behalf of an
unlicensed moneylender, commits or attempts to commit any of the acts
specified in subsection (1) shall be guilty of an offence and —

(a) shall on conviction be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding
5 years and shall also be liable to a fine of not less than $5,000 and not
more than $50,000; and

(b) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall on conviction be
punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 2 years and not more
than 9 years and shall also be liable to a fine of not less than $6,000 and
not more than $60,000.

(3) Subject to sections 325(1) and 330(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010
—

(a) except as provided in paragraph (b), a person who is convicted for the
first time of an offence under subsection (1) or (2) shall also be liable to
be punished with caning with not more than 6 strokes;

(b) a person who is convicted for the first time of an offence under
subsection (1) or (2) shall also be punished with caning —

(i) with not less than 3 and not more than 6 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence,
damage was caused to any property;

(ii) with not less than 5 and not more than 8 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence, hurt
was caused to another person; and

(iii) with not less than 6 and not more than 12 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence, hurt
was caused to another person and damage was caused to any property;

(c) except as provided in paragraph (d), a person who is convicted of a second
or subsequent offence under subsection (1) or (2) shall also be liable to be
punished with caning with not more than 12 strokes; or

(d) a person who is convicted of a second or subsequent offence under
subsection (1) or (2) shall also be punished with caning —

(i) with not less than 5 and not more than 10 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence,
damage was caused to any property;

(ii) with not less than 6 and not more than 12 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence, hurt
was caused to another person; and

(iii) with not less than 9 and not more than 18 strokes if it is proved to the
satisfaction of the court that, in the course of committing the offence, hurt
was caused to another person and damage was caused to any property.

(3A) For the purposes of paragraph (a) of subsection (1), a person who —

(a) uses any threatening, abusive or insulting words in any telephone call
made by him; or

(b) by any means sends any thing which contains any threatening, abusive or
insulting words, writing, sign or visible representation,

whether from a place in Singapore or outside Singapore, to any person or place
in Singapore shall be taken to have committed an act referred to in that
paragraph.

(3B) For the purposes of paragraph (b) of subsection (1), a person who makes
any telephone call, or by any means sends any article, message, word, sign,
image or representation, whether from a place in Singapore or outside
Singapore, to any person or place in Singapore, which is likely to cause alarm
or annoyance to a person referred to in that paragraph, shall be taken to have
committed an act referred to in that paragraph.

(4) For the purposes of subsection (2), any person who does any of the acts
specified in subsection (1) in connection with a demand for the repayment of a
loan to an unlicensed moneylender shall be presumed, until the contrary is
proved, to act on behalf of such unlicensed moneylender.

(5) For the purposes of subsection (3), a person is deemed to have caused
damage to any property if he does any of the following acts:

(a) defacing the property by means of any pen, marker or any other delible or
indelible substance;

(b) defacing the property by affixing, posting up or displaying on such
property any poster, placard, bill, notice, paper or other document;

(c) defacing the property through the use of paint, coffee, soya sauce or any
other delible or indelible substance;

(d) destroying or damaging the property through the use of fire or any other
substance;

(e) doing any other act of mischief which causes a change in any property or
which diminishes its value or utility.

Abetment of section 28

28A.—(1) For the purposes of Chapter V of the Penal Code (Cap. 224), a person
shall be taken to have abetted the commission of an offence under section 28
if —

(a) he gives instruction to another person to carry out any act specified in
section 28(1) in connection with a demand for the repayment of a loan to an
unlicensed moneylender;

(b) he provides or arranges transport for another person for the purpose of
carrying out any such act knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that
the act is in connection with such a demand;

(c) he acts as or arranges a lookout for a person carrying out any such act
knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the act is in connection
with such a demand; or

(d) he provides or arranges transport to a person for the purpose of his
acting as a lookout for a person carrying out any such act, and he knows and
has reasonable cause to believe that the act is in connection with such a
demand.

(2) For the purposes of Chapter V of the Penal Code, where —

(a) a person gives instruction to another person to carry out any act
specified in section 28(1) in connection with a demand for the repayment of a
loan to an unlicensed moneylender; and

(b) a person, knowing or having reasonable cause to believe that the act is in
connection with a demand, verifies that the act has been carried out in
accordance with such instruction,

the person referred to in paragraph (b) shall be taken to have abetted the
commission of an offence under section 28(1) or an offence under subsection
(1)(a) (as the case may be) by the person giving the instruction.

(3) For the avoidance of doubt, this section is without prejudice to the
generality of the term “abetment” under the Penal Code.

16 With regard to abetment, s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Penal Code”, which expression also denotes (where applicable) the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)) states:

Punishment of abetment if the act abetted is committed in consequence, and
where no express provision is made for its punishment

109\. Whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted is committed in
consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made by this Code for
the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the punishment provided for
the offence.

…

17 When this appeal first came before me on 17 March 2016, I questioned
whether the Appellant was even liable to enhanced punishment under ss 28(2)(b)
and 28(3)(d)(i) of the current MLA in the first place, given that his
antecedent was for abetting the commission of the acts of harassment specified
in s 28(1), rather than for actually committing such acts. This question arose
due to the wording of, inter alia, s 28(2)(b), which provides that a person
who acts on an unlicensed moneylender’s behalf to commit or attempt to commit
“any of the acts specified in [s 28(1)] shall be guilty of an offence”
[emphasis added], and “in the case of a second or subsequent offence”
[emphasis added], shall, on conviction, be subject to enhanced punishment.

18 In essence, the Legal Question was whether, in view of the Appellant’s
antecedent offence of abetting the commission of acts of harassment, his
present offence of actually committing such acts would constitute “a second or
subsequent offence” for the purposes of ss 28(2) and 28(3) of the current MLA.
To state the question in another way, does the word “offence” in the context
of the phrase “a second or subsequent offence” include an offence of abetting
the commission of acts of harassment? Although s 109 of the Penal Code
provides that an abettor of an offence shall, if no express punishment for
such abetment is stipulated in the Penal Code, be punished with the same
punishment as that prescribed for that offence, the offence of abetment and
the principal offence abetted remain distinct offences in law. Section 109
does not appear to have equated the abetment of an offence with the commission
of that offence. In this regard, I note that s 28(1) of the current MLA, to
which both ss 28(2) and 28(3) refer, does not include the offence of abetting
the commission of acts of harassment; instead, such abetment is separately
addressed in s 28A.

19 The hearing on 17 March 2016 was adjourned for the Prosecution to submit on
the Legal Question. The parties appeared before me again on 25 May 2016. Given
that the Appellant was unrepresented and therefore ill-equipped to respond to
a question of law, I adjourned the second hearing so that the Appellant could
apply for criminal legal aid. The Prosecution, quite rightly, did not object.
As mentioned earlier at [2] above, the Appellant’s application for criminal
legal aid was rejected. I therefore appointed Mr Lin as the amicus curiae to
assist the court in relation to the following issue (ie, the Legal Question):

Whether an offender is liable [to] enhanced punishment under s 28(2) and/or
[s] 28(3) of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, Rev Ed 2010) if his antecedent
concerns the abetment of an offence stipulated in s 28, instead of the
commission of an offence stipulated in s 28. Counsel may have recourse to
legislative intention and cases such as Prosecutor v Choi Guo Hong Edward
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 712, [Ho] Sheng Yu Garreth v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR
375 and Choy Tuck Sum v Public Prosecutor [2000] 3 SLR(R) 456.

20 After hearing the parties and Mr Lin on 22 November 2016, I was satisfied
that given Parliament’s intention, the word “offence” in the phrase “a second
or subsequent offence” in ss 28(2) and 28(3) of the current MLA should be
construed to include an offence of abetting the commission of any of the acts
of harassment specified in s 28(1). As such, I held that the Appellant was
liable to the enhanced punishment prescribed by ss 28(2) and 28(3).
Furthermore, I found that the overall sentence meted out by the DJ was not
manifestly excessive when the relevant sentencing principles, including the
totality principle, were applied (see, eg, Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998). I therefore dismissed the appeal. In explaining
(at [21]–[43] below) the reasons for my decision on the Legal Question, I
shall refer to the current MLA as well as its predecessor statutes, the now-
repealed Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 MLA”) and the
Moneylenders Act 2008 (Act 31 of 2008) (“the 2008 MLA”). I shall also use the
generic term “the MLA” where it is necessary to refer to the Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188) generally, be it the current MLA, the 2008 MLA or the 1985 MLA.

Analysis of the Legal Question

21 As stated earlier at [2] above, the resolution of the Legal Question and,
in turn, this appeal largely hinged on the construction of s 28 of the current
MLA. Where a present harassment offender – ie, an accused person who is
presently charged with a harassment offence under s 28 – has previously
committed any of the acts of harassment set out in s 28(1), there is no doubt
that he is liable to the enhanced penalties specified in s 28(2) and s 28(3).
However, it is unclear from the literal wording of s 28 whether a present
harassment offender whose antecedent is for abetting the commission of acts of
harassment is likewise subject to these enhanced penalties. Read literally, s
28 seems to suggest that the offence of abetting the commission of acts of
harassment is excluded from the ambit of the phrase “a second or subsequent
offence” in ss 28(2) and 28(3).

22 In this regard, Mr Lin, who took the same position as the Prosecution,
submitted that the word “offence” in the aforesaid phrase should be
interpreted to include the offence of abetting the commission of acts of
harassment. I accepted this contention after examining the statutory purpose
of ss 28 and 28A, the pre-existing case law and the relevant extrinsic
materials.

The legislative intent

23 The provision which is now s 28 of the current MLA was first introduced in
the form of s 28 of the 2008 MLA to replace (the now-repealed) s 33 of the
1985 MLA. During the second reading of the Moneylenders Bill (Bill 33 of 2008)
(later enacted as the 2008 MLA) in November 2008, the then Senior Minister of
State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee (“Assoc Prof Ho”), explained that cl 28
of the Bill was intended to re-enact s 33 of the 1985 MLA, and would extend
the punishment of caning “to those who instigate or direct the harasser to
commit the acts of harassment”. He said (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (18 November 2008) vol 85 at cols 1006–1007): 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

YAC’s submissions at para 25.

There is no reason why those higher up the hierarchy of a loansharking
syndicate should not also be similarly punished for the despicable acts of
those they use to carry out their directions. They are equally, if not, more
culpable.

24 The above extract from Assoc Prof Ho’s parliamentary speech indicates that
certain individuals – specifically, those higher up the hierarchy in a loan
shark syndicate who deploy others as a shield to do the dirty work of
harassing debtors – should be viewed as being equally culpable as, if not more
culpable than, the pawns who commit the actual acts of harassment. Such
instigators of acts of harassment are undoubtedly abettors – s 107(a) of the
Penal Code makes it clear that a person abets the doing of a thing if he
instigates any person to do that thing.

25 The 2008 MLA was subsequently amended in 2010 by the Moneylenders
(Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 5 of 2010) to, inter alia, enhance the penalties for
the harassment offence under s 28 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

YAC’s submissions at para 27.

and enact s 28A, which sets out certain situations in which a person shall be
deemed to have abetted the commission of a s 28 harassment offence (see [15]
above). Notably, these situations include giving instructions to another
person to carry out acts of harassment (see s 28A(1)(a)), and can thus catch
persons higher up the hierarchy than the actual harasser. As can be seen from
[23]–[24] above, there is every indication that Parliament intended such
persons to be treated as being just as (if not more) culpable as the actual
harasser. Section 28A of the current MLA also provides for other situations
where a person shall be deemed to have abetted the commission of an offence
under s 28. These include situations where a person acts as a lookout for or
provides transportation to the actual harasser (see ss 28A(1)(b)–28A(1)(d)).
On the basis of the scheme set out in s 28A, abettors who fall under ss
28A(1)(b)–28A(1)(d) are not treated any differently from abettors who give
instructions as spelt out in s 28A(1)(a). Since no express punishment is
statutorily-prescribed for the abetment of, specifically, a harassment offence
under s 28, therefore, pursuant to s 109 of the Penal Code, an abettor of a
harassment offence is liable to the same punishment as that applicable to the
actual harasser. In other words, the various types of abettors under s 28A,
regardless of their roles, are to be regarded as bearing equal culpability as
(and in some cases, possibly greater culpability than) the actual harassers
who commit the harassment offences spelt out in s 28(1).

26 This interpretation is fortified by the parliamentary debates when the Bill
introducing the amendments made in 2010 was read (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (12 January 2010) vol 86). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

YAC’s submissions at para 28.

Assoc Prof Ho said that a paradigm shift was needed to deal with loan shark
syndicates, which were in reality organised criminal groups (at col 2054). In
particular, he said (at col 2056): “To cripple the many layers of a loanshark
syndicate, anyone who contributes to or facilitates a loansharking operation
will attract the wrath of the law”. Assoc Prof Ho went on to state (at cols
2058–2059): 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

YAC’s BOA at p 267.

Sir, anyone who participates in loansharking operations contributes to the
existence and continuity of loansharking activities. Every perpetrator, in
supporting the organisation, perpetuates its illegal activities. In essence,
when a person assists or facilitates a loansharking operation, he becomes part
of the many layers shielding the masterminds, allowing them to go undetected.
More importantly, when he replaces a person who has been arrested, his doing
so enables a loanshark syndicate to reorganise its resources and continue to
thrive.

In order to target the many layers forming the organisation, anyone who
contributes to or facilitates a loansharking operation, no matter what his
role is, will not escape the wrath of the law. This will help us disrupt the
syndicates. The Bill therefore amends section 14 (which is on unlicensed
moneylending) and section 28 (on harassing borrowers [by] besetting [their]
residence) to treat certain acts as assistance of unlicensed moneylending and
abetment of the harassment offence, respectively. These acts include, for
example, selling prepaid SIM cards to loansharks, transporting runners to
harassment targets, acting as a lookout for harassment runs and assisting the
loansharks in verifying harassment jobs before paying the runners. Indeed, a
27-year-old ex-runner said that he was paid $10 for every address that he
verified that harassment had been conducted. Sir, these acts are specifically
chosen as they reflect the current modus operandi adopted in loanshark
harassments. Persons carrying out these acts are deemed to have assisted or
abetted loansharking offences and will be liable to the same penalties.

[emphasis added]

27 No further changes were made to s 28 and s 28A of the current MLA by the
subsequent amendments enacted by the Moneylenders (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act 8
of 2012). Mr Lin, who helpfully traced the relevant legislative developments,
rightly noted that the scope of the provisions pertaining to loan shark
harassment had been broadened over the years to now include all layers of a
loan shark syndicate, including masterminds and runners, regardless of whether
they abetted, instigated or directly committed acts of harassment. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

YAC’s submissions at para 31.4.

In other words, given the nature and methodology of a loan shark syndicate’s
operations, Parliament intended to adopt an aggressive approach to tackle the
scourge of loan shark activities. Based on the statutory purpose as gleaned
from the text of ss 28 and 28A of the current MLA as well as the relevant
extrinsic materials, it was clear to me that Parliament intended an abettor of
acts of harassment to be treated punishment-wise in exactly the same way as
the actual harasser. Accordingly, I agreed with the Prosecution that a
previous abetment offence under s 28A could be treated as an antecedent for
the purposes of determining the applicability of the enhanced punishment set
out in ss 28(2) and 28(3) for actual harassers.

The relevant case law

28 Mr Lin also pointed out that our courts had previously answered questions
similar to the Legal Question in the present case by adopting a purposive
approach to the interpretation of the relevant provisions of the MLA (as
defined in the generic sense at [20] above). 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

YAC submissions at para 32.

As the Prosecution submitted, our courts have consistently taken the position
that a broad reading of the applicable provisions of the MLA is necessary
whenever the question of punishment arises under the MLA. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Prosecution’s further submissions at para 13.

In this regard, I was referred to two cases – Public Prosecutor v Choi Guo
Hong Edward [2007] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“Edward Choi”) and Ho Sheng Yu Garreth v
Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 375 (“Garreth Ho”). These two cases, while not
addressing the same provisions as those which feature in this appeal, were
nevertheless instructive of the approach that should be taken in the present
case.

29 Edward Choi involved the offence of abetting the carrying on of an
unlicensed moneylending business. At that time, it was an offence under s
8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA to run an unlicensed moneylending business. The
relevant provisions read:

8.—(1) If any person —

…

(b) carries on business as a moneylender without holding a licence or, being
licensed as a moneylender, carries on business as such in any name other than
his authorised name or at any place other than his authorised address or
addresses; or

…

he shall be guilty of an offence and —

(i) in the case of a first offence, shall be liable on conviction to a fine of
not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding 2 years or to both;

(ii) in the case of a second or subsequent offence, shall be liable on
conviction to a fine of not less than $20,000 and not more than $200,000 and
shall also be punished with imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years; and
…

…

30 The offender in Edward Choi pleaded guilty to three charges of abetting
unlicensed moneylending under s 8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA read with s 109 of the
Penal Code. He had abetted a loan shark to carry out the latter’s unlicensed
moneylending business by checking debtors’ flats for evidence of harassment by
other loan sharks and reporting on the situation to the loan shark so that the
loan shark could decide whether to issue loans to the debtors or harass them
for repayment of any loan previously extended. As the offender had also
previously been convicted of a similar offence of abetting unlicensed
moneylending, the question was whether he would be liable to enhanced
punishment for having twice been convicted of abetment offences in relation to
unlicensed moneylending. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s further submissions at paras 14–15.

31 Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) had no problem in answering this question
in the affirmative. He recounted the relevant amendments made to the 1985 MLA
with effect from 1 January 2006 to (inter alia) enhance the punishment
provisions set out therein, and noted (at [15] of Edward Choi) that when the
enhanced punishment provisions were introduced in Parliament, Assoc Prof Ho
had said (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (21 November
2005) vol 80 at col 1831):

Sir, this Bill seeks to amend the Moneylenders Act [ie, the 1985 MLA] by
introducing higher penalties to curb the rise in illegal moneylending
activities and related harassment cases.

…

Sir, as for these amendments which are under consideration, Parliament should
send a strong signal to loansharks that we will not tolerate the conduct of
unlicensed moneylending activities, where exorbitant interest rates are
charged and borrowers and even non-borrowers are harassed in their own homes.

Therefore, this Bill seeks to increase the penalties for unlicensed
moneylending under the Moneylenders Act as follows:

…

Fourthly, repeat offenders of illegal moneylending will be subject to
mandatory imprisonment, whilst repeat offenders of harassment where hurt to
person or damage to property is caused will be subject to mandatory caning.

…

In conclusion, Sir, these amendments are needed to send a strong signal that
the Government has zero tolerance for unlicensed moneylending activities. The
enhanced deterrent effect should also help stem the increase that we have seen
in such activities.

32 Tay J concluded that the legislative intent of the amendments was “to
provide enhanced penalties and police powers to deal with the increase in
unlicensed moneylending activities and the attendant harassment of debtors
arising therefrom” (see Edward Choi at [16]). He also ruled that since repeat
offenders of illegal moneylending and of harassment would be subject to
enhanced punishments, the abetment of such offences would “fall within the
same circle of social ills that the amendments hoped to curb …” [emphasis
added] (see likewise Edward Choi at [16]).

33 In arriving at his decision, Tay J noted that the 1985 MLA did not contain
a provision which explicitly provided that an abettor of an offence under that
Act would be guilty of the substantive offence. (As mentioned above at [18],
although s 109 of the Penal Code states that an abettor of an offence “shall …
be punished with the punishment provided for the offence” if no express
punishment for such abetment is statutorily-prescribed, it does not have the
effect of eliding the difference between the offence of abetment and the
principal offence abetted, which remain distinct offences in law.)
Nevertheless, Tay J did not think that this should preclude him from holding
that the offender in Edward Choi was subject to the same enhanced punishment
as a repeat offender of the principal offence of unlicensed moneylending under
s 8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA.

34 In this regard, I note the case of Choy Tuck Sum v Public Prosecutor [2000]
3 SLR(R) 456 (“Choy Tuck Sum”), which was cited in Edward Choi at [11]. That
case did not involve the MLA, but rather, the Employment of Foreign Workers
Act (Cap 91A, 1991 Rev Ed) (“the EFWA”), which explicitly stated in s 23(1):

Any person who abets the commission of an offence under this Act shall be
guilty of the offence and shall be liable on conviction to be punished with
the punishment provided for that offence. [emphasis added]

35 The offender in Choy Tuck Sum was convicted of abetting another person in
committing the offence under s 5(1) of the EFWA of employing a foreign worker
without a valid work permit. The offender had an antecedent of having himself
committed an offence under s 5(1) of the EFWA. In other words, his first
conviction was for committing the principal offence under s 5(1) of the EFWA,
while his subsequent conviction was for abetting the commission of that
principal offence. Yong Pung How CJ held that the enhanced punishment set out
in the EFWA would apply to the offender as s 23(1) of the EWFA applied to all
the liability-creating sections in that Act. Significantly, Yong CJ noted (at
[16]):

… [I]t is necessary for me to emphasise that the above interpretation is
particular to the provisions of the EFWA, which were specifically worded by
Parliament in order to deal with the mischief behind the Act. To illustrate
this point, the wording in s 23(1) of the EFWA can be contrasted with the
general provisions on abetment in the Penal Code (Cap 224). Section 109 of the
Penal Code provides that “whoever abets any offence shall, if the act abetted
is committed in consequence of the abetment, and no express provision is made
by this Code for the punishment of such abetment, be punished with the
punishment provided for the offence”. It should be noted immediately that this
provision, as well as the other abetment provisions in the Penal Code, is
unlike … s 23(1) [of the] EFWA, in that it does not explicitly provide that
the abettor will be treated as being guilty of the substantive offence. At a
conceptual level and on the question of conviction, an abetment offence is
certainly still distinct from the substantive principal offence. Therefore,
the holding in this case should not be interpreted to mean that in all cases,
an abetment offence would automatically be treated as being the same as the
substantive principal offence. It also does not mean that a conviction for an
abetment offence will always attract enhanced punishment once the accused
person is shown to have a prior conviction for the principal offence abetted.
As I mentioned earlier, whether or not enhanced punishment should be imposed
would depend very much on the exact wording of the provisions dealing with the
abetment offence and the substantive principal offence. [emphasis added]

36 In my view, Yong CJ was correct to emphasise that the holding in Choy Tuck
Sum should not ipso facto be extended to all cases. Indeed, every statute
should be construed in the light of its own text and context, and what was
stated by Parliament to be its object. In this regard, I note that the MLA
does not have a provision similar to s 23(1) of the EWFA equating an abetment
offence with the principal offence abetted. Nevertheless, I do not think the
absence of such an explicit provision is necessarily determinative. The clear
and consistent legislative intent driving the various amendments to the MLA
(as discussed above) is to punish persons who abet the commission of
harassment offences in the same manner as those who commit the principal
offence of harassment. Moreover, it must be noted that s 109 of the Penal Code
expressly provides that an abettor of a principal offence shall be punished
with the same punishment as that which applies to the principal offence in
cases where no express punishment for that particular abetment offence is
statutorily-prescribed. In other words, if a person abets the commission of an
offence and no express punishment for such abetment is statutorily-prescribed,
then pursuant to s 109 of the Penal Code, that person would be liable to be
punished in the same manner as a person who has committed the principal
offence abetted. Again applying s 109, if a person were to commit an abetment
offence a second time, I do not see any reason why he should not be punished
in the same manner as a person who commits the principal offence a second
time, ie, be liable to enhanced punishment. This could be another basis to
justify the holding in Edward Choi (see [32] above, and also Edward Choi at
[17]). There is no reasonable justification for any sentencing incongruities
based on the aforesaid difference in the pattern of offending, bearing in mind
the policy behind the introduction of the enhanced punishments set out in the
current MLA. As I mentioned earlier, a person who issues orders for acts of
harassment to be carried out is also considered an abettor under s 28A
(specifically, under s 28A(1)(a)) of the current MLA (see [25] above). Such a
person will likely be more culpable than the actual harasser, who will often
be a desperate debtor pressured to reduce his mounting debt or a misguided
youth looking to earn a quick buck. Should the instigator, who would be higher
up in the hierarchy than the actual harasser, commit the same offence of
abetment twice, it is difficult to see why he should not be subject to
enhanced punishment merely because he has repeatedly outsourced the dirty work
of actual harassment to someone else who might otherwise never have committed
any acts of harassment at all. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

See Prosecution’s further submissions at para 27.

37 Having said that, I acknowledge that the situation in this appeal was
slightly different. What would be the position if a person’s first offence is
an abetment offence and his second offence is the principal offence which he
previously abetted, or vice versa? Would that person, in respect of the second
offence, still be subject to enhanced punishment? In the present case, the
Appellant’s first offence was that of abetting the commission of acts of
harassment and his second offence was the principal offence of committing acts
of harassment itself. As a matter of logic, I could not see why the Appellant
should not be subject to the enhanced punishment set out in ss 28(2) and 28(3)
of the current MLA, bearing in mind Parliament’s clear intention to impose
enhanced punishment on all offenders who are involved in acts of harassment a
second time, whether as a primary offender (ie, as an actual harasser) or as
an abettor. To hold that such offenders would not be liable to enhanced
punishment would be wholly illogical and would bring the law into disrepute
for the disparity in treatment would be inexplicable.

38 At this juncture, I refer to the case of Garreth Ho, where a broad and
purposive reading of s 14(1)(b)(ii) of the current MLA was similarly adopted
to give effect to its statutory purpose. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

YAC’s BOA at p 72.

(For completeness, I should mention that there are differences between s 14 as
it now stands and s 14 as it then was at the time Garreth Ho was decided;
these differences are, however, immaterial for the purposes of the present
discussion.) In Garreth Ho, the offender had prior convictions in 2008 under s
8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA (reproduced at [29] above) read with s 109 of the
Penal Code. Those antecedents pertained to abetting (by intentionally aiding)
the carrying on of an unlicensed moneylending business (the offender had
handed over sums of monies to runners working for a loan shark syndicate). 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s further submissions at para 21.

The 1985 MLA was later repealed and re-enacted as the 2008 MLA, which was in
turn amended to become the current MLA (see Garreth Ho at [2]). As a result of
the legislative amendments, the offence of unlicensed moneylending as well as
its punishment ceased to reside in s 8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA. Instead, the
prohibition of unlicensed moneylending is now set out in s 5(1) of the current
MLA and its punishment, in s 14(1) of this Act. Specifically, s 14(1)(b)(ii)
provides that “any person who contravenes, or assists in the contravention of,
section 5(1)” shall, in the case of “a second or subsequent offence”, receive
enhanced punishment.

39 The offender in Garreth Ho was arrested and charged in 2010 for being
involved in a conspiracy to carry on an unlicensed moneylending business. His
conduct contravened s 5(1) of the current MLA, and was punishable under ss
14(1)(b) and 14(1A) of the current MLA read with s 109 of the Penal Code (at
[23]). The offender had canvassed for borrowers, issued loans at an interest
rate of 20% and collected repayments from debtors. He had also been introduced
to the two men who had started that unlicensed moneylending syndicate as a
“new partner” in their business (at [8]).

40 Reviewing the relevant parliamentary debates (set out at [26] above), V K
Rajah JA observed that “assisting” conduct in relation to unlicensed
moneylending “should be viewed through exactly the same lenses, at least in
the context of s 14(1)(b)(ii) of the [current MLA], rather than be
semantically micro-analysed as being conceptually different” (at [72]). Rajah
JA held that the offences under s 8(1)(b) of the 1985 MLA of carrying on an
unlicensed moneylending business and abetting (by intentionally aiding) the
carrying on of such business were the same as the offences under s 14(1) of
the current MLA of carrying on an unlicensed moneylending business and
assisting in the carrying on of such business (at [102]). Taking into account
the “conspicuous increases” in the penalties for unlicensed moneylending over
the years, the relevant parliamentary debates and the more severe penalties
for repeat offenders as compared to first-time offenders, Rajah JA held (at
[114]):

… Parliament has signalled that offenders who are repeatedly involved (either
as principal or assistant) in unlicensed moneylending operations must be
severely dealt with. On a purposive interpretation of s 14(1)(b)(ii) of the
[current MLA], previous offences of carrying on the business of unlicensed
moneylending under s 8(1)(b) of the [1985 MLA] and abetting (by intentionally
aiding) the same should count as prior offences for the purposes of s
14(1)(b)(ii) of the [current MLA]. This would be the case regardless of
whether the second or subsequent offence under s 14(1) of the [current MLA] is
one of carrying on the business of unlicensed moneylending or assisting in the
same (respectively, contravening and assisting in the contravention of s 5(1)
of the [current MLA]). … [emphasis added]

41 In other words, Rajah JA found that for the purposes of s 14(1)(b)(ii) of
the current MLA, an equivalence could be drawn between the prior abetment
offences of the offender in Garreth Ho and his subsequent offences. On the
facts, Rajah JA found that the offender’s subsequent offences in fact revealed
that he had not merely been assisting in the carrying on of an unlicensed
moneylending business, but had also conducted such business on his own account
(at [117]). He held that even if the offender had been acting alone and had
thus not been charged with abetment with regard to his subsequent involvement
in unlicensed moneylending, it would not have made any difference to his
decision that the offender was liable to enhanced punishment (at [120]).

42 I am aware that there are some differences in wording between s 14 and s 28
of the current MLA besides the offences proscribed. For example, s 14
explicitly states that any person who “assists” [emphasis added] in the
contravention of s 5(1) “shall be guilty of an offence” as well, whereas the
offence in s 28(2) only targets a person “who, acting on behalf of an
unlicensed moneylender, commits or attempts to commit any of the acts [of
harassment] specified in subsection (1)” [emphasis added]. Nevertheless, as
the Prosecution observed, Rajah JA came to his conclusion in Garreth Ho by
expressly relying on Assoc Prof Ho’s speech in Parliament (as set out at [26]
above), 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s further submissions at para 25.

which addressed both s 14 as well as s 28, which is the section of concern in
the present case. In my view, Rajah JA’s conclusion in respect of s 14 is also
applicable in the context of s 28.

My decision on the Legal Question

43 For the above reasons, I answered the Legal Question (see [2] and also [19]
above) in the affirmative. Although s 28 of the current MLA is a penal
provision, s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) requires the
rule of purposive interpretation to trump all other common law principles of
interpretation, including the strict construction rule (see Public Prosecutor
v Low Kok Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (“Low Kok Heng”) at [41] and [56]–[57],
cited in Garreth Ho at [55]). I accepted Mr Lin’s submission that the word
“offence” in the phrase “a second or subsequent offence” in ss 28(2) and 28(3)
of the current MLA could also include the offence of abetting the commission
of a harassment offence under s 28. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

YAC’s submissions at para 59.

I did not think this reading would “[go] against all possible and reasonable
interpretation of the express literal wording of the provision”, something
that the courts must guard against (see Low Kok Heng at [52]). The importance
of clear statutory wording cannot be over-emphasised. Legislative drafters
should always endeavour to make the wording of statutory provisions,
especially penal ones, as reasonably clear as possible so as to avoid the kind
of arguments which arose in the present appeal.

Conclusion

44 Having answered the Legal Question in the affirmative, I did not find the
sentence imposed by the DJ manifestly excessive. As mentioned earlier, the DJ
imposed the mandatory minimum sentence for each of the first five proceeded
charges. Although he fixed the imprisonment term for the sixth proceeded
charge at six months above the mandatory minimum term, this was defensible on
account of the fact that the victim in that particular charge was an innocent
neighbour of the alleged debtor. It is an aggravating factor when innocent
persons are deliberately targeted and harassed (see Public Prosecutor v Quek
Li Hao [2013] 4 SLR 471 at [39]). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

RBOA at Tab C.

While it could be argued that the DJ should have increased the imprisonment
term for the sixth proceeded charge by only two or three months instead of by
six months, this in itself did not render the imprisonment term for that
charge manifestly excessive. Given the extent of the Appellant’s criminal
conduct, it was also appropriate for the DJ to order three of the Appellant’s
imprisonment sentences to run consecutively in order to adequately reflect his
overall criminality. It must not be forgotten that the Appellant faced a total
of 28 charges, with six proceeded with and 22 taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes.

45 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed this appeal. It remains for me to
express my appreciation to Mr Lin for his assistance and the Prosecution for
its submissions on the Legal Question.

Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal

The appellant in person;  
Mohamed Faizal, Sivabalan Thanabal and Kong Kuek Foo (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the respondent;  
Lin Yuankai (Bird & Bird ATMD LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

