Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 12

Criminal Appeal No 34 of 2015

Between

Obeng Comfort  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Obeng Comfort

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 12

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 34 of 2015  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
26 October 2016

15 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against conviction and sentence by Obeng Comfort (“the
Appellant”), a female Ghanaian born in August 1972. She was 40 years old at
the time of the incident leading to her arrest. At the conclusion of the
trial, the trial judge (“the Judge”) convicted her on a charge under s 7 of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) for having imported
crystalline substance weighing 2951.12g which was analysed and found to
contain not less than 2309.45g of methamphetamine into Changi Airport Terminal
1, Singapore, on 3 September 2012 at about 10.10pm. The charge involved a
capital offence. However, as the Judge found that the Appellant’s role in the
transaction was limited to that of a courier within the meaning of s 33B of
the MDA and since the Public Prosecutor had issued a certificate of
substantive assistance under the same provision, the Judge exercised his
discretion to sentence her to life imprisonment instead of the death penalty,
with the sentence backdated to the date of her arrest on 3 September 2012. As
the Appellant is a female, the mandatory minimum sentence of 15 strokes of the
cane was not imposed.

2 The central issue in this appeal is whether the Judge was correct in
deciding that the Appellant failed to rebut the presumptions of possession and
knowledge in ss 18(1) and (2) of the MDA. The issue of whether the Appellant
had knowledge of the presence and the nature of the drugs arose because the
methamphetamine was concealed in digital video disc (“DVD”) players, sandals
and tin cans with food labels (see [3] below).

Background facts and the investigations

The facts pertaining to the offence

3 The Appellant is now 44 years old. She was born in Accra, Ghana. On 3
September 2012, at about 9pm, she arrived at Changi Airport Terminal 1. She
had travelled from Kotoka International Airport in Accra and transited at
Dubai before arriving here. At about 9.20pm, she was stopped by an officer
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”), Sergeant Muhammad Ridhuan bin
Ariffin (“Sgt Ridhuan”), as part of a routine check. Sgt Ridhuan stated in his
statement that this was because he found her behaviour suspicious as “she
avoided eye contact and was looking down most of the time”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Volume II at p 208.

4 The Appellant was carrying two handbags and a haversack. Her belongings were
screened through an X-ray machine and anomalies were detected in the images of
some items in her haversack. The suspected items were individually screened
using the X-ray machine. In the Appellant’s presence, CNB officers broke open
the suspected items and found the following:

(a) two blocks of crystalline substance (marked as “A1A1”) were found in a
“Heinz Beanz” tin can;

(b) two blocks of crystalline substance (marked as “A2A1”) were found in a
“Sunripe Whole Sweetcorn” tin can;

(c) two packets of crystalline substance (marked as “A3”) were found inside a
pair of ladies sandals bearing the brand “Shoes Story”;

(d) two packets of crystalline substance (marked as “A4”) were found inside
another pair of ladies sandals also bearing the brand “Shoes Story”;

(e) five packets of crystalline substance (marked as “A5A1”, “A5B” and “A5C”
respectively), which were separately wrapped in aluminium foil, were found in
a silver-grey DVD player with the brand “Chusei”;

(f) a packet of crystalline substance (marked as “A6A”), which was wrapped in
aluminium foil, was found inside a power adapter; and

(g) five packets of crystalline substance (one marked as “A7A” and four others
marked as “A7B”) were found in a black DVD player with the brand “Chusei”.

All the exhibits of crystalline substance were sent to the Health Sciences
Authority subsequently for analysis and they were found to amount to a total
of 2951.12g of crystalline substance which contained not less than 2309.45g of
methamphetamine. We will refer to the various items containing crystalline
substance listed above as “the Items”. After a contemporaneous statement was
taken from the Appellant, a search of her body revealed cash in US$100 notes
amounting to US$2,900 and a black Nokia mobile phone hidden at the Appellant’s
hip area, between the Appellant’s tights and panties.

5 While the Appellant was being questioned by the CNB officers after the
arrest, she received numerous calls from various Ghanaian phone numbers which
were not answered. Early the next day (4 September 2012), just after 6.00am,
the CNB officers asked the Appellant to return the call of the last caller.
The conversation, partly in English and partly in the Twi language, that the
Appellant had with the male caller, whom she addressed as “Bra Kwaku” and whom
she claimed was the person who gave her the Items, was recorded. The
conversation was transcribed with the relevant portions in Twi language
translated into English. The transcripts are marked as Exhibit “P59”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP Volume II at pp 149-151.

Not much can be gathered from the conversation apart from the fact that the
male caller demanded to know why she had not answered his calls the night
before and appeared concerned about whether something had happened. The
Appellant lied to the male caller that she was in her hotel room and that she
had not called him earlier because she was tired and had fallen asleep in the
hotel room. It ended with the male caller telling her, “Let me buy credit and
call you back” and the Appellant saying, “OK, I am waiting for your call”.

Statements recorded after her arrest

6 In the course of investigations, the CNB officers recorded the following
eight statements from the Appellant:

(a) a contemporaneous statement recorded pursuant to s 22 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”) on 3 September 2012, the day
of arrest, at 10.48pm; 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP Volume II at pp 108-111.

(b) a cautioned statement recorded pursuant to s 23 of the CPC on 4 September
2012 at 7.56pm; 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP Volume II at pp 119-122.

and

(c) six investigation statements recorded pursuant to s 22 of the CPC on 6, 8,
10, 13, 14 and 16 September 2012 respectively. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP Volume II at p 124-148.

In the proceedings below, the Appellant did not dispute that she had given
these statements voluntarily. However, she disputed the accuracy of several
portions of the statements on the basis that they had been inaccurately
translated by the interpreter of the Twi language that she spoke in. The
interpreter disagreed with this and stated that he only interpreted and
conveyed what had been said by the Appellant. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Transcript of the hearing on 24 February 2015, at pp 44-45.

The contemporaneous statement

7 In the contemporaneous statement that was recorded in English soon after the
Appellant’s arrest, she denied knowing that the methamphetamine was hidden in
the Items and stated that she was acting on the instructions of a person in
Ghana who had passed her the Items outside the airport in Ghana and directed
her to pass them to someone in Singapore. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP Volume II at p 112.

The cautioned statement

8 In her cautioned statement which was recorded the next day, the Appellant
again maintained that she had no knowledge that there was methamphetamine
hidden in the Items. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

The transcribed version of the statement is at ROP Volume II at p 123.

She claimed that a man had given her the Items at the airport in Ghana and had
offered to pay for her air ticket and accommodation in Singapore if she agreed
to deliver the Items for him. She also gave information on an exchange between
the man and herself while she was in transit in Dubai. She said that the man
told her over the phone that the laptop and the shoes that she was carrying
were also known as “shine shine” and when she enquired further, he said that
he would explain to her when she reached Singapore. She also said that the man
told her that the recipient of the Items would give her $5,000 and that he
would subsequently advise her on how that was to be dealt with. She claimed
that she had no knowledge of the contents in the Items and “was basically
asked to deliver the items in return for the free tickets and accomodation”
(error in spelling in the original).

The long statements

9 In the course of the next two weeks, six long statements were recorded from
the Appellant. The Appellant provided some background information about
herself in the first long statement recorded on 6 September 2012. She said
that she lived in Accra with her four children, whom she adopted after her
sister passed away. Her husband was working as a trailer driver in the USA and
he would remit to her about US$150 to US$250 every three to four months. The
Appellant said that she studied only up to Form 4 of Middle School, which is
slightly higher than Primary Six under the Singapore system. The Appellant
said that she worked as a trader in many types of clothing and accessories for
a living. On average, she earned about 100 GHS (new Ghanaian currency) per
month (or about one million Cedis). She also stated that she withdrew her
savings, which amounted to 160 GHS, and passed them to her children before she
left for Singapore.

10 The Appellant gave a detailed account of the events leading up to her
arrest in the subsequent statements. She named the man who had given her the
Items as Kwaku Mohamed (“Kwaku”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP Volume II at p 133.

She claimed that she got to know Kwaku through Kwaku’s wife, whom she knew as
“Mama”. She claimed that she first met Mama in December 2011 at a bus terminal
in Accra. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP Volume II at p 133, para 28.

However, at the trial, her testimony was that their first meeting took place
at a market. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Transcripts of the hearing on 24 June 2015 at p 22.

The Appellant claimed that later that month, Kwaku called her and told her
that Mama had given him her number. He asked her how her business was doing
and said that he was willing to help her by sponsoring her trips to China or
to Singapore so that she could purchase electronic goods which she could then
sell for profit in Ghana. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP Volume II at p 133, para 29.

11 Sometime in January 2012, Kwaku called her again and spoke to her about his
offer. The Appellant accepted the offer even though she had mixed feelings
about it. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP Volume II at p 134, para 31.

Thereafter, the Appellant made three trips to Singapore, all of which were
sponsored by Kwaku. She was arrested here on her third trip.

12 The Appellant said that her first trip to Singapore took place sometime in
February 2012. Mama arranged for her to go to Niger, two days after she spoke
to Kwaku. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

ROP Volume II at p 134, para 33.

She was received by a man named Ariza when she arrived. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP Volume II at p 134, para 35.

She stayed with Ariza for a month in his house in Niger along with seven other
Nigerian men. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP Volume II at p 134, para 36.

During that period, she was not told of the plans or when she would get to go
to Singapore. Finally, Ariza gave her the air tickets and the documents for a
hotel reservation in Singapore. She flew to Singapore, transiting at Algeria
and Doha, Qatar, and stayed in Singapore for five days. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP Volume II at p 135, para 37.

She said that during that time, she purchased around fifteen new and used
mobile phones from Mustafa Centre on Kwaku’s recommendation 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP Volume II at p 135, para 38; p 137 at para 40.

. She spent around US$2,800 during that trip on the mobile phones and her
hotel stay and personal expenses. She eventually sold those phones when she
went back to Ghana, making profits totalling US$530, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ROP Volume II at p 138, para 46.

without factoring in the air tickets as they were paid for by Kwaku. She added
that “I had a second thought if Kwaku might have an ulterior motive for
wanting to help me. However, I decided to stay positive and see him as a good
Samaritan”. She “did not really call Kwaku” after the first trip as she could
not waste money on phone calls due to her financial situation.

13 About two months after the Appellant returned from her first trip, Kwaku
asked her whether she wanted to go to Singapore again. She was keen to travel
again but the constraint was always the cost of the air ticket. Kwaku told her
that he was happy to help her but hoped that she would not turn him down
should he need her help one day. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP Volume II at p 139, para 47.

The Appellant said she was initially concerned whether Kwaku wanted an
intimate relationship with her but was reassured otherwise. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP Volume II at p 139, para 47.

Subsequently, Kwaku told the Appellant to get ready for another trip. This
time, he purchased an air ticket for travel from Accra to Singapore via Dubai.
Kwaku did not hand over anything to her and also did not give her any
instructions. When the Appellant arrived in Singapore, she retrieved her
haversack which had been checked in. An officer told her to put the haversack
into the X-ray machine. She did so. After that, she was told to open it. After
the officer had done a search, she was allowed to leave the airport.

14 According to the Appellant, she again purchased new and used mobile phones
from Mustafa Centre and the neighbouring shops, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

ROP Volume II at p 140, para 53.

spending a total of about US$3,300. She claimed to have brought US$4,750 to
Singapore but lost US$1,250 along with her purse. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP Volume II at p 140, para 52.

The money lost was meant for her to purchase a flat-screen television set. She
had tried calling Kwaku for the first two days, intending to ask him whether
he could remit her some money so that she could buy more goods to bring to
Ghana to sell. However, she could not reach him. She did not meet anyone while
in Singapore. She overstayed the intended five days by about three or four
days and had to pay US$100 to change her flight booking. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP Volume II at p 140, para 54.

Upon her arrival back in Ghana, she managed to sell all her stock bought in
Singapore within a period of about two weeks. She could not remember how much
profits she made this time “as the trip was messy” and she had lost money
here.

15 The Appellant described her third trip to Singapore in her long statement
that was recorded on 14 September 2012. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP Volume II at p 142, para 58.

She said that Kwaku called her after she returned to Ghana and told her that
he needed her help. She initially told him that she needed to rest as she was
tired from the second trip. He called back a few days later. She then asked
him what kind of help he needed but he would not tell her and they got into an
argument over it. He told the Appellant that she should be patient and that he
was a very kind person who had helped a lot of people to travel to Singapore.
She wanted to meet some of these people to find out what sort of help they had
been giving to Kwaku. He refused to tell her who these people were.

16 A few days later, on 2 September 2012, Kwaku called her and told her that
he had bought her an air ticket to Singapore. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP Volume II at p 142, para 59.

Kwaku packed the Items in her haversack before she left. She “probed him and
asked him what they were”. He told her they were laptops and shoes. She had
been told that the DVD players were laptops and all references she made to
“laptops” thus refer to the DVD players. She said she did not suspect anything
as Kwaku was her friend and she trusted him. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

ROP Volume II at p 143, para 60.

17 The Appellant gave differing accounts in her statements on whether she saw
the Items before they were placed in her haversack. In the statement recorded
on 8 September 2012, she said that Kwaku passed her two laptops and two pairs
of shoes and asked her to bring them to Singapore. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

ROP Volume II at p 129, para 15.

He told her that the recipient in Singapore would contact her and that the
person in question would use the Items as samples to purchase the same goods
for him. Additionally, she said that he gave her two cans of baked beans, two
cans of Coca Cola and a few cans of malt drink and told her they were for her
consumption. This account differed from what she had stated in her
contemporaneous statement and in her cautioned statement, which was that the
cans of food were also to be passed to someone in Singapore. The Appellant
also said in this statement that Kwaku opened the laptop and also showed her
the two pairs of shoes to reassure her that there was nothing wrong with them
when she “kept probing” about them. She then agreed to carry the Items for
Kwaku and asked him to put them into her haversack. Thereafter, he packed the
Items in her haversack. However, in her statement recorded on 14 September
2012, the Appellant said that she did not see any of the Items that Kwaku
packed into her haversack at the carpark outside the airport as he
“blindsided” her in the process by moving a few steps away from her. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

ROP Volume II at p 144, para 65.

18 The Appellant further said in the statement recorded on 14 September 2012
that Kwaku called her when she was transiting in Dubai and told her that the
Items contained something called “shine shine”. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ROP Volume II at p 143, para 61.

Kwaku further told her that the recipient of the Items would give her
US$5,000. He did not tell her what “shine shine” was or what the sum of
US$5,000 was for and said that he would do so only after she had collected the
money.

The proceedings below

The Prosecution’s case

19 The Prosecution’s case against the Appellant was that she was presumed to
have been in possession of the drugs and to have known the nature of the drugs
by virtue of the two presumptions under s 18 of the MDA. The Prosecution made
four key arguments to support its submissions that the Appellant failed to
rebut the presumptions. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 64.

20 First, the Prosecution submitted that the suspicious circumstances
surrounding her sponsored trips to Singapore must have alerted her that she
was involved in importing controlled drugs for Kwaku. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 66.

The Prosecution pointed out that the Appellant did not know either Kwaku or
Mama well, and yet trusted them and accepted Kwaku’s proposition of a free
trip to Singapore even before she had met him. The manner in which the trips
were organised was also very unusual and she was essentially at Kwaku’s beck
and call. Further, the Appellant admitted that she was aware that she had to
do something in exchange for the free trips to Singapore. The Prosecution
submitted that from all the circumstances, it would have been clear to any
reasonable individual that the Items contained controlled drugs. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 78.

The value of the free trips was wholly disproportionate to the task of
transporting a few items from Ghana to Singapore. In particular, the
circumstances of the third trip were unusual when compared to the
circumstances of the first and the second trips. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 92.

Unlike the earlier trips, Kwaku asked her to deliver the Items to a person in
Singapore and informed her that she would receive a large sum of money in
return.

21 Second, the Prosecution submitted that the Appellant knew the Items
contained “shine shine”. The Appellant had said in her statement recorded on
14 September 2012 that Kwaku told her over the phone while she was in transit
in Dubai that the Items contained something called “shine shine”. The
Prosecution submitted that her attempt at trial to change her account to say
that Kwaku had told her that the Items were called “shine shine” and that she
thought he was referring to the silver-grey laptop (ie DVD player) was
unpersuasive. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 107.

It was submitted that she should also have been alerted at Kwaku’s
evasiveness. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 109.

The Prosecution placed significant reliance on the following portion of the
statement recorded from the Appellant on 14 September 2012 to support its
contention: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 50; ROP Volume II at p
145.

…

67 … I believe the shiny item shown in the photo 16 [which was the photograph
of one of the DVD players] is the “shine shine” that Kwaku was talking about.
I recognize the laptop shown in Photo 17. I believe the shiny item in the
laptop shown in the photo is “shine shine”.

68 I recognize the items marked ‘A5B’ and ‘A5C’ in Photo 18 as the “shine
shine” that was taken out of the laptop. …

69 … I recognize the item marked ‘A7’ in Photo 25 as the same laptop taken out
of my haversack after the X-ray scanning. The shiny items shown in Photo 26
are the “shine shine” taken out of the laptop

…

The Prosecution argued that the fact that the Appellant identified the
methamphetamine as “shine shine” when she was shown photographs of the Items
seized was telling because it revealed that she knew that “shine shine”
referred to illegal drugs. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 54.

22 Third, the Prosecution submitted that the Appellant’s suspicious behaviour
at the airport indicated that she knew the Items contained controlled drugs.
Sgt Ridhuan testified that the Appellant tried to avoid the X-ray machine and
equivocated when telling the officers where she had acquired the cans of food.
She first said that they were brought from Ghana before changing her account
to saying that they were bought in Singapore. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 115.

The Prosecution also pointed out that there was no sign of surprise or shock
from the Appellant when the Items were opened before her and the
methamphetamine was discovered. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 116.

23 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the Appellant’s credibility was
suspect as seen from the various inconsistencies in her evidence. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions for trial at para 119 onwards.

The Appellant’s defence

24 The Appellant’s defence was that she was not aware of the presence of the
drugs in the Items and was therefore not aware of the nature of the drugs. She
claimed that she was merely acting on Kwaku’s instructions, a person she
trusted because of Mama. The Appellant also pointed to the fact that the drugs
did not contain her deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”), which showed that she did
not touch them. Further, she submitted that the Items looked normal from the
outside and thus it was understandable that her suspicions were not aroused
and that she did not think of scrutinising the Items.

25 As for the Prosecution’s reliance on paragraphs 67 to 69 of the statement
recorded on 14 September 2012 (see [21] above), the Appellant argued that this
should not be construed to mean that she understood prior to her arrest and
when she was given the Items that “shine shine” meant drugs. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Defence’s closing submissions for trial at para 77.

Instead, all that she was telling the statement recorder was that she knew and
recognise the methamphetamine as “shine shine” after her arrest as she had
seen them being taken out of the Items. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Defence’s closing submissions for trial at para 78.

The findings of the Judge

26 The Judge was not convinced that the Appellant had rebutted the
presumptions that applied against her and found that the charge against the
Appellant was proved beyond reasonable doubt.

27 From the evidence before him, in particular, the various inconsistencies in
her evidence, the Judge found the Appellant’s credibility to be suspect. The
Judge emphasised that in assessing the Appellant’s credibility, he took into
account the fact that she was not very well educated and that she was in an
unfamiliar environment and had to rely on interpretation in the course of the
recording of the statements. Notwithstanding this, he found her “reasonably
articulate, confident and intelligent”. He found that the “changes,
inconsistencies and illogicality in her evidence” could not be attributed to
bad memory or other more innocent reasons such as her lack of education but
were due to a “reluctance to tell the truth and a propensity to change her
narration of the facts and retract troublesome admissions”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Grounds of decision at [29].

28 In the Judge’s view, it was clear that the Appellant knew of the presence
of the methamphetamine which was hidden in the Items and she was in possession
of the drug because of her admission in her statement recorded on 14 September
2012 that she knew the Items contained “shine shine” and the fact that she
subsequently stated that she recognised the methamphetamine as “shine shine”.
The Judge did not believe that the admissions in the statement were the result
of errors in translation because the interpreter had testified otherwise and
further, the Appellant had signed the statement in acknowledgment after the
statement was read back to her in the Twi language. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Grounds of decision at [25].

The Judge observed that in any event, the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA
that she was in possession of the methamphetamine would apply and she failed
to rebut the presumption. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Grounds of decision at [25].

29 The Judge was also satisfied that the Appellant knew the nature of the
drugs. While there was no direct evidence showing that she had actual
knowledge that the substance was methamphetamine, he held that the presumption
in s 18(2) that she knew the nature of the drug applied and she again failed
to rebut this presumption. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Grounds of decision at [26].

The Judge had considerable doubts about the Appellant’s credibility, noting
that she had prevaricated on the following issues, among others: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Grounds of decision at [28].

(a) whether she saw Kwaku pack the Items into her haversack;

(b) whether the tin cans with food labels were from Ghana or Singapore;

(c) whether she knew that the Items contained “shine shine”; and

(d) whether she was supposed to collect US$5,000 from the recipient of the
Items in Singapore.

The Judge also did not find the Appellant’s account that Kwaku had told her
the two cans of food were for her own consumption believable because it was,
to his mind, inconceivable that Kwaku would have taken the chance of her
treating the cans as her own and giving or throwing them away. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Grounds of decision at [28(e)].

30 Taking the evidence in totality, the Judge concluded that the Appellant was
not a guileless victim of Kwaku and that she was aware that she was carrying
something hidden in the Items for Kwaku in return for his sponsoring of her
trips to Singapore. He further found that her behaviour after the arrest
undermined her attempt to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Grounds of decision at [29].

Arguments on appeal

31 The arguments raised by the Appellant on appeal largely mirror her defence
in the trial below. She argues that the Judge was wrong to have found that (a)
she knew that the Items contained the methamphetamine and that the presumption
in s 18(1) of the MDA would, in any event, not have been rebutted and that (b)
she failed to rebut the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA that she knew the
nature of the drugs.

32 Specifically, as reflected in her petition of appeal, the Appellant argues
that the Judge erred in the following aspects:

(a) in failing to take into account or to give due weight to the fact that
Kwaku had told the Appellant that the two tin cans were for her consumption to
distract her and avert her suspicions;

(b) in placing undue weight on Sgt Ridhuan’s evidence that the Appellant had
first told him that she got the tin cans from Ghana but subsequently said that
she bought them in Singapore instead;

(c) in failing to give due weight to the fact that there were aberrations in
the recording process, which led him to err in rejecting the Appellant’s
assertion that she did not tell the interpreter that she knew the Items
contained “shine shine”;

(d) in failing to give due weight to the fact that the Appellant had
consistently denied in all eight statements that she did not know that she was
importing methamphetamine;

(e) in failing to consider (i) the DNA report which indicated that she never
touched the drugs; (ii) that she would not have thought that the Items were
suspicious as they looked normal and innocuous; (iii) that the officers from
the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority of Singapore and CNB also agreed
that the Items did not look suspicious; (iv) that the recording of the phone
call that took place after her arrest showed that Kwaku was a real person and
that it supported her case and further demonstrated her willingness to
cooperate, which is consistent with her plea of innocence; and

(f) in wrongly concluding that the Appellant had been inconsistent and was not
credible.

Our decision

The test for rebutting the presumptions in s 18 of the MDA

33 We begin by setting out the manner in which the twin presumptions in s 18
of the MDA operate. Section 18 provides as follows:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

These two presumptions were introduced to overcome the practical difficulty
faced by the Prosecution of proving possession and knowledge on the part of
the accused (Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“Tan Kiam
Peng”) at [55]).

34 Section 18(1) lists certain circumstances under which a person is presumed
to have had a controlled drug in his possession. For the purposes of s 18(1),
what we are concerned with is whether the thing in issue exists and whether
the accused in fact has possession, control or custody of the thing in issue.
The thing in issue is the container, the key or the document of title. In this
sense, this provision deals with secondary possession of the drug in that the
accused possesses, controls or has custody of something which has the drug or
which relates to the title in, or delivery of, the drug. As is evident in s
18(3), the accused does not need to be in physical possession of the drug, ie
primary possession. At this stage, we are also not concerned with the
qualities of the drug. In this regard, we respectfully disagree with the
observations of the High Court in Public Prosecutor v Mohsen bin Na’im [2016]
SGHC 150 at [115(a)(i)] in so far as the court suggested that knowledge that
the item was a controlled drug is necessary to satisfy the requirement of
possession. Once the prosecution proves that the thing in issue exists and
that the accused has possession, control or custody of the thing in issue, the
effect of s 18(1) is to raise a presumption of fact, which is that the
accused, by virtue of his possession, control or custody of the thing in
issue, is presumed to possess the drugs which are contained in or are related
to the thing in issue.

35 To rebut the presumption in s 18(1), the accused has to prove, on a balance
of probabilities, that he did not have the drug in his possession. In this
context, the most obvious way in which the presumption can be rebutted is by
establishing that the accused did not know that the thing in issue contained
that which is shown to be the drug in question. Thus, for instance, the
presumption could be rebutted successfully if the accused is able to persuade
the court that the drug was slipped into his bag or was placed in his vehicle
or his house without his knowledge. The inquiry under s 18(1) does not extend
to the accused’s knowledge of the nature of the drug. That is dealt with under
the presumption of knowledge in s 18(2) where a person who is proved or
presumed to be in possession of a controlled drug is presumed to have known
“the nature of that drug”. As clarified by this court in Nagaenthran a/l K
Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor [2011] 4 SLR 1156 (“Nagaenthran”) at
[23]–[24], the nature of the drug refers to the specific controlled drug found
in his possession (for instance, methamphetamine or diamorphine).

36 Where the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA is invoked by the Prosecution
and is then rebutted successfully by the accused, the Prosecution would have
failed to prove that the accused was in possession of the drug. There would be
no need to consider the next issue of whether the accused had knowledge of the
nature of the drug. However, if an accused is either (a) proved to have had
the controlled drug in his possession; or (b) presumed under s 18(1) of the
MDA to have had the controlled drug in his possession and the contrary is not
proved, the presumption under s 18(2) that he has knowledge of the nature of
the drug would be invoked. This follows because an accused person, who, it has
been established, was in possession of the controlled drug should be taken to
know the nature of that drug unless he can demonstrate otherwise. To rebut the
presumption in s 18(2), the accused must prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that he did not have knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug (in
effect, that he did not have the mens rea of the offence). In Dinesh Pillai
a/l K Raja Retnam v Public Prosecutor [2012] 2 SLR 903 (“Dinesh Pillai”), this
court observed (at [18]) that the accused can do so by showing that “he did
not know or could not reasonably be expected to have known the nature of the
controlled drug”.

37 Contrary to the concerns in some quarters that Dinesh Pillai has modified
the test of knowledge in s 18(2) such that mere negligence or constructive
knowledge on the part of the accused suffices to convict him, we do not think
that the above-mentioned pronouncement in that case purported to do anything
of that sort. This has already been made clear in the recent decision of this
court in Masoud Rahimi bin Mehrzad v Public Prosecutor and another appeal
[2016] SGCA 69. The court assesses the accused’s evidence as to his subjective
knowledge by comparing it with what an ordinary, reasonable person would have
known or done if placed in the same situation that the accused was in. If such
an ordinary, reasonable person would surely have known or taken steps to
establish the nature of the drug in question, the accused would have to adduce
evidence to persuade the court that nevertheless he, for reasons special to
himself or to his situation, did not have such knowledge or did not take such
steps. It would then be for the court to assess the credibility of the
accused’s account on a balance of probabilities. The onus on the accused has
not changed after Dinesh Pillai. His duty is still the same. To rebut the
presumption in s 18(2), he must lead evidence to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that he did not have knowledge of the nature of the drug.

38 When the presumptions in ss 18(1) and (2) of the MDA apply, the accused
stands before the court presumed to have been in possession of the drug and to
have known the nature of the drug that he was carrying and, in the present
case, importing. If the accused elects to remain silent and does not make his
defence, he can be convicted on the relevant charge on the basis of the
presumptions that operate against him. If he elects to make his defence but
calls no evidence or inadequate evidence to rebut the presumptions, he can
similarly be convicted.

39 In a case where the accused is seeking to rebut the presumption of
knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA, as a matter of common sense and practical
application, he should be able to say what he thought or believed he was
carrying, particularly when the goods have to be carried across international
borders as they could be prohibited goods or goods which are subject to tax.
It would not suffice for the accused to claim simply that he did not know what
he was carrying save that he did not know or think it was drugs. If such a
simplistic claim could rebut the presumption in s 18(2), the presumption would
be all bark and no bite. Similarly, he would not be able to rebut the
presumption as to knowledge by merely claiming that he did not know the proper
name of the drug that he was asked to carry. The law also does not require him
to know the scientific or the chemical name of the drug or the effects that
the drug could bring about. The presumption under s 18(2) operates to vest the
accused with knowledge of the nature of the drug which he is in possession of
and to rebut this, he must give an account of what he thought it was.

40 Where the accused has stated what he thought he was carrying (“the
purported item”), the court will assess the veracity of his assertion against
the objective facts and examine his actions relating to the purported item.
This assessment will naturally be a highly fact-specific inquiry. For example,
the court will generally consider the nature, the value and the quantity of
the purported item and any reward for transporting such an item. If it is an
ordinary item that is easily available in the country of receipt, the court
would want to know why it was necessary for him to transport it from another
country. If it is a perishable or fragile item, the court would consider
whether steps were taken to preserve it or to prevent damage to it. If it is a
precious item, the court would consider whether steps were taken to keep it
safe from loss through theft or otherwise. If it is a dangerous item, the
court would consider how the item was packed and handled. Ultimately, what the
court is concerned with is the credibility and veracity of the accused’s
account (ie, whether his assertion that he did not know the nature of the
drugs is true). This depends not only on the credibility of the accused as a
witness but also on how believable his account relating to the purported item
is.

41 Of course, apart from availing itself of the presumptions, the Prosecution
may also prove that the accused had actual possession and actual knowledge of
the drugs. In such a case, the presumptions are still operable even though
they need not be invoked (Tan Kiam Peng at [54]). It is also clear from
previous cases that a finding of wilful blindness is simply the inference of
actual knowledge that is drawn because it is the only rational and therefore
irresistible inference on the facts.

42 With these legal principles in mind, we turn to the facts of the present
case.

Whether the Appellant was in possession of the methamphetamine

43 The Judge accepted the Prosecution’s submission that the Appellant had
admitted in her fifth long statement recorded on 14 September 2012 that she
knew that the Items contained “shine shine” and had identified the
methamphetamine as “shine shine” when she was shown the photographs. On
appeal, the Appellant argues, as she did before the Judge, that this was not
the meaning of the relevant portion of her statement because she was merely
telling the interpreter that she recognised the methamphetamine as “shine
shine” as she recognised it as the thing that was taken out of the Items after
her arrest.

44 Having examined the relevant portion of the statement (ie, paragraphs 67 to
69), we accept the Appellant’s submission and respectfully disagree with the
Judge’s finding on this issue. The meaning of this part of the statement
becomes clearer when the relevant portion is set out in full (as opposed to
the truncated version provided by the Prosecution which is set out at [21]
above):

67 I recognize the laptop marked ‘A5’ in Photo 12 and 13. I first saw it when
it was taken out of the haversack after the X-ray scanning. I recognize the
item marked ‘A5A’ and ‘A5A1’ in Photo 14 when it was shown to me after the
laptop was ripped open after my arrest. I recognize the item marked ‘A5’ in
Photo 15 and 16 as the laptop that was taken out of my haversack after the
X-ray scanning. I believe the shiny item shown in photo 16 is the “shine
shine” that Kwaku was talking about. I recognize the laptop shown in Photo 17.
I believe the shiny item in the laptop shown in the photo is “shine shine”.

68 I recognize the items marked ‘A5B’ and ‘A5C’ in Photo 18 as the “shine
shine” that was taken out of the laptop. I recognize the item marked ‘A6’ in
Photo 19 and Photo 20. I first saw it during the photo taking after my arrest.
I know it was taken out from one of the items in my haversack. I recognize the
laptop marked ‘A7’ in Photo 22. I first saw it when it was taken out after the
X-ray scanning.

69 I recognize the item marked ‘A7’ in Photo 23 and 24. It is the laptop taken
out of my haversack after the X-ray scanning. I recognize the item marked
‘A7A’ in Photo 24. It is the “shine shine” and I first saw it when it was
taken out of the laptop during the photo taking after my arrest. I recognize
the photo marked ‘A7’ in Photo 25 as the same laptop taken out of my haversack
after the X-ray scanning. The shiny items shown in Photo 26 are the “shine
shine” taken out of the laptop.

[emphasis added]

We do not think that the relevant portion of the statement can be construed as
an admission on the Appellant’s part that she knew all along that the Items
contained “shine shine” and that “shine shine” was methamphetamine. A more
natural reading of the paragraphs suggests that all she was saying was that
she recognised the methamphetamine as the thing that was retrieved from the
Items and which was shown to her after her arrest.

45 We are thus unable to agree with the Judge that actual possession was
proved. The next question is whether the presumption of possession in s 18(1)
of the MDA was rebutted. The Judge observed at [25] of his grounds of decision
that in any event, even if he was wrong to have found actual possession, this
presumption would apply. In this regard, the Appellant asserted that she did
not know there was anything hidden in the Items at all and she thought that
“shine shine” referred to the laptop (that is, the DVD player).

46 Looking at the evidence and the circumstances of this case, we are of the
view that the presumption in s 18(1) was not rebutted. The Appellant’s
evidence that she was an unsuspecting victim who was used by Kwaku as an
unwitting drug courier was not believable. By her own account, she did not
know Mama and Kwaku so well that she could repose so much trust in them,
particularly Kwaku. Mama was merely someone she had met in the bus terminal or
the market and yet she was willing to accept the offer to sponsor her on a
trip to Singapore for her to purchase items to sell for her own profit in
Ghana. Her own narration of the events showed that she was generally willing
to fly all the way to Singapore at last-minute notice and was willing to stay
a whole month in Niger pending their instructions. She was at Kwaku’s beck and
call. It was also not believable that Kwaku would have been so generous as to
sponsor not only the flights but also the accommodation of her earlier two
trips to Singapore just to “help her”. It was equally unbelievable that she
would have thought that Kwaku was willing to sponsor her third trip to
Singapore just to bring an assortment of random objects (the two DVD players
and two pairs of ladies sandals, even if we exclude the two tin cans) so that
the recipient of the Items could use them as samples to purchase the same
goods for him. This is especially so given that she was to receive US$5,000
from the recipient of the Items. In these circumstances, we find it incredible
that the Appellant was in fact unaware that the items she was carrying
contained something for which she could be accountable. If at all there could
be any room to doubt this, this was wholly displaced by the phone call the
Appellant received from Kwaku when she was in transit in Dubai in the course
of which she was told (i) that the items contained something he referred to as
“shine shine”; and (ii) that the person collecting the items would pay her
US$5,000. During that conversation, Kwaku refused to tell her what “shine
shine” was or what the money was for. In our judgment, by this stage, at the
very latest, it was not possible for the Appellant to say she had no knowledge
that what turned out to be the controlled drugs in question were in her
possession. Even after factoring in the Appellant’s background and low
educational level when assessing the veracity of her account, we do not think
it is believable or sufficient to rebut the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA.
The presumption under s 18(1) was therefore not rebutted.

47 The Prosecution submitted before the Judge that this amount of US$5,000 was
likely to have been the Appellant’s profit. We do not think that this was
established on the evidence. This does not, however, affect our decision that
the Appellant has failed to rebut the presumption under s 18(1).

48 We do not see any basis to disturb the Judge’s finding that the Appellant
was not a credible witness. It is difficult for us (as it was also for the
Judge) to believe that she did not know that the drugs were hidden in the
Items. There were the various inconsistencies in the Appellant’s evidence (see
for example, the inconsistencies set out at [17] above). For instance, she
gave at least three different accounts of how the Items came to be in her
haversack. These were, namely, that (a) Kwaku had shown her the Items and
physically handed them to her; (b) Kwaku had “blindsided” her by packing the
Items into the haversack without allowing her to see what he was doing; and
(c) Kwaku had shown her the Items but did not allow her to hold them. The
Appellant was also inconsistent in her account on where the tin cans were
from. She first told Sgt Ridhuan that Kwaku gave them to her in Ghana but
later changed her account by stating that they were purchased in Singapore.

49 Like the Judge, we are not persuaded by the Appellant’s explanation that
these inconsistent accounts were due to inaccurate translation by the
interpreter, not least because the Appellant did not even put forward such a
case at trial to challenge the interpreter when he was on the stand. Instead,
we agree with the Judge that the inconsistencies and her prevarication
revealed a propensity to prevaricate and to retract admissions once she
realised they were against her case.

50 For the above reasons, we are satisfied that the Appellant failed to rebut
the presumption in s 18(1) and that the Prosecution has established that she
was in possession of the methamphetamine.

Whether the Appellant knew the nature of the drugs

51 As we pointed out during the appeal hearing and as rightly conceded by
counsel for the Appellant, the Appellant’s alternative case that she did not
know the nature of the drugs would necessarily be weakened once we disbelieved
the Appellant’s primary case that she did not know the methamphetamine was
present in the Items. The presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA applied and it was
not rebutted. To put it bluntly, the Appellant’s case in essence was that she
did not know what “shine shine” was. This is wholly insufficient to displace
the presumption for the reasons set out at [39]-[40] above. If the Appellant
is to be believed, she should have approached the customs officers at the
airport and told them she had just learnt that Kwaku had put something called
“shine shine” in her luggage and asked that this be checked. She did no such
thing. Therefore, for the reasons set out above, we agree with the Judge’s
conclusion that the Appellant was guilty as charged.

Conclusion

52 We are of the view that the Appellant was correctly convicted and that
there is no merit in her appeal against conviction. There is likewise no merit
in her appeal against the sentence of life imprisonment, which is the
statutory minimum sentence upon her conviction if the death penalty is not
imposed. Accordingly, we dismiss the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Ram Goswami and Cheng Kim Kuan (Ram Goswami) for the appellant;

Anandan Bala and Kenny Yang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 3: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

