Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 169

Suit No 490 of 2013

Between

(1)| Thio Syn Kym Wendy  
---|---  
(2)| Thio Syn Ghee  
(3)| Thio Syn San Serene  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| Thio Syn Pyn  
---|---  
(2)| Thio Syn Wee  
(3)| Kwik Poh Leng  
(4)(5)(6)| Thio Holdings Pte LtdMalaysia Dairy Industries Pte LtdUnited Realty
Ltd  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Companies] – [Oppression] – [Minority Shareholders] – [Separate legal
personality]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Thio Syn Kym Wendy and others

  
v

  

Thio Syn Pyn and others

  

[2017] SGHC 169

  

High Court — Suit No 490 of 2013  
Judith Prakash JA  
26–29 April; 3–6, 10–13, 17–20 May; 5 August 2016

17 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA:

Background

1 This action is a minority oppression claim by a brother and two sisters
against their mother and two brothers in relation to the conduct of the
affairs of three family-owned companies. The acts of commercial unfairness
alleged by the plaintiffs span three broad categories concerning the affairs
of the companies. It is also alleged that the companies are quasi-partnerships
and that there was a common understanding that the plaintiffs were entitled to
be directors of the companies.

2 Mr Thio Keng Poon (“Mr Thio”), born in 1931, was an enterprising businessman
in the early years of independent Singapore. In 1960, he incorporated a
company called United Realty Ltd (“URL”) which carried on business as a
property investment holding company. It was a successful undertaking: URL now
owns and rents out a number of residential, commercial and industrial
properties. The root of the family fortune was, however, the joint venture
that Mr Thio entered into in 1963 with the Australian Dairy Produce Board to
manufacture and market sweetened condensed milk in Singapore and Malaysia.

3 The joint venture company, Malaysia Dairy Industries Pte Ltd (“MDI”), has
been extremely successful. It now manufactures and distributes dairy products,
fruit juices and health drinks under two well-established brands in this
region, Vitagen and Marigold. By about 1968, the Australian Dairy Produce
Board had been bought out and MDI was owned wholly by members of Mr Thio’s
family, including his wife, Mdm Kwik Poh Leng (“Mdm Kwik”), and his siblings.
In due course, subsidiary companies were incorporated in Malaysia, viz,
Malaysia Milk Sdn Bhd (“MMSB”) and Cotra Enterprises Sdn Bhd (“CESB”).
Collectively, MMSB and CESB are sometimes referred to as “the Malaysian
Subsidiaries”. A Singapore subsidiary, Modern Dairy International Pte Ltd
(“Modern Dairy”), was also started.

4 In 1969, Mr Thio procured the incorporation of Thio Holdings Pte Ltd
(“THPL”) as an investment holding company. THPL owns 30% of the shares of MDI
and 26.25% of the shares of URL. It also wholly owns Cotra Enterprises
(Private) Limited, a Singapore company which is presently inactive. The shares
of THPL are currently held by Mr Thio, his wife and five of his children.
These same individuals are also shareholders in URL and MDI. These three
companies, MDI, THPL and URL, are the corporate defendants in this action.

5 Mr Thio and Mdm Kwik have six children. They are:

(a) Thio Syn Luan Vicki (“Vicki”), born in 1956;

(b) Thio Syn Pyn (“Ernest”), born in 1957;

(c) Thio Syn Kym Wendy (“Wendy”), born in 1959;

(d) Thio Syn Ghee (“Michael”), born in 1961;

(e) Thio Syn San Serene (“Serene”), born in 1962;

(f) Thio Syn Wee (“Patrick”), born in 1964.

For the purposes of this judgment, since the siblings have very similar
Chinese names, to avoid confusion I will refer to them by their western names.
These are the names which the siblings used for each other in the proceedings
and in the correspondence which passed amongst them.

6 The plaintiffs in this action are Wendy, Michael and Serene. They are
minority shareholders in each of the three corporate defendants. Together,
they hold 18% of the shareholding of THPL, 13.75% of the shareholding of URL,
and 20% of the shareholding of MDI.

7 The individual defendants in this action are Mdm Kwik, Ernest and Patrick.
Together, they hold 77.25% of the shareholding of THPL, 30% of the
shareholding of URL and 38.5% of the shareholding of MDI. All of them are
directors of all three companies. Ernest and Patrick are, respectively, the
managing director and deputy managing director of MDI. Mdm Kwik has been a
director of all three companies since their respective dates of incorporation
but has never played an active role in their day-to-day management.

8 Mr Thio himself still has a substantial (ie, over 5%) minority interest in
URL and MDI and has a small shareholding in THPL. He was not a party to this
litigation but his conduct and his relationships with his various children set
the stage for the action. The eldest child of the Thio family, Vicki, played
no part in the litigation.

Events leading to this action

Events up to 2002

9 The three defendant companies, together with their subsidiaries and a Hong
Kong company called Premier Enterprise Limited (“PEL”), form the Thio family’s
group of businesses (“the Group”). Until the 1990s, Mr Thio was the moving
spirit of the Group. He was assisted by his brother and by a non-relative, one
Mr Lim Choo Peng (“Mr Lim”), who is still a director of MDI. As his sons grew
up, Mr Thio brought first Ernest, and then Patrick, into the business. Ernest
was appointed a director of THPL, MDI and URL in 1983. Patrick joined MDI in
the early 1990s and took over the marketing portfolio. In 1995, Ernest became
the deputy managing director of MDI and took over the reins of the day-to-day
management of the company. Mr Thio retained the titles of managing director
and chairman but played less of a leadership role.

10 Mr Thio has been described as a “traditional autocratic patriarch”. Over
the years he gradually passed down the family wealth to his sons by allotting
shares in MDI, THPL and URL to them. Initially, each of his three sons held
the same number of shares but in 1991, when Michael was experiencing some
financial difficulty, his shares were transferred to Patrick and Ernest. In
the mid-1990s, after a shareholders’ dispute between Mr Thio and his younger
brother, Mr Thio bought out the latter and transferred his brother’s shares to
Patrick and Ernest. Thus, by the year 2000, the family members who held shares
in the Group were Mr Thio, Mdm Kwik, Ernest and Patrick only. They were also
directors of the Group companies.

11 In 2002, Mdm Kwik expressed a wish that some financial provision be made
for her daughters. Ernest suggested that Michael and his sisters be given real
property. Mr Thio disagreed and decided that Michael and his sisters should
receive shares in the Group companies by way of bonus issues. The shares were
issued to the four of them in March and April 2002, but Mr Thio retained full
power in respect of the shares through blank share transfer forms and powers
of attorney which each of them executed in his favour. Thereafter, Mr Thio
usually acted as their proxy at shareholder meetings. At that stage, none of
the four was made a director of any of the companies.

Events culminating in the Deed of Settlement and the appointment of the
plaintiffs as directors

12 In May 2005, Michael’s wife gave birth to twin sons. These babies were the
first grandsons to bear the Thio surname. Mr Thio then proposed that bonus
shares in the Group be issued to Michael’s sons and that the constitutions of
MDI and URL be amended so as to allow only his descendants bearing the Thio
surname to hold shares in these companies. Ernest and Patrick objected to the
proposed amendment. Their siblings were not in favour of it either. In anger,
Mr Thio terminated Ernest’s employment as deputy managing director of MDI on 8
December 2005. Ernest was reinstated by the other directors on the same day.

13 The dispute was eventually resolved by way of a Deed of Settlement entered
into among the members of the Thio family, THPL and MDI on 23 December 2005
(“the Deed of Settlement”). The stated purpose of the Deed of Settlement was
to record the family members’ agreements with respect to “the rationalisation
of their respective shareholdings and entitlements in” the Group. The
structure of the shareholdings in MDI, THPL and URL today still reflects the
arrangement made under the Deed of Settlement except for the fact that Vicki’s
shares have been transferred to Ernest and Patrick. Under the Deed of
Settlement, part of Ernest’s and Patrick’s shareholdings in THPL and MDI, as
well as part of THPL’s shareholding in MDI, were transferred to Mr Thio.
Ernest and Patrick also transferred some of their shares in URL to Michael.
The Deed of Settlement and the share transfers were all executed on the same
day in a lawyer’s office.

14 Apart from providing for the adjustment of shareholdings, the Deed of
Settlement contains two clauses which are of importance in this litigation.
These are cll 13 and 15 which read as follows:

13\. The Parties agree that the Companies [defined to include THPL, MDI, URL,
PEL and another Hong Kong company] will be managed and operated for profit and
in accordance with best corporate practices to return to shareholders maximum
returns.

15\. This Deed sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the
Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersedes all
prior discussions and agreement, whether written or oral, relating to the
subject matter herein.

15 Separately, directors’ resolutions in writing were passed appointing the
three sisters and Michael as directors of each of the Group companies. These
resolutions are all dated 23 December 2005 but the parties dispute exactly
when such appointments were proposed and executed.

16 After the Deed of Settlement, Patrick and Ernest retained majority control
over MDI through the combination of their shareholdings in MDI and their
control of THPL. The Deed of Settlement did not, however, end friction between
them and Mr Thio as he continued to give them instructions and became angry
when they disagreed with him. Another source of friction was that at some
point Mr Thio had developed a relationship with another woman and set up a
second family in Hong Kong. Ernest and Patrick were very upset with him
because they felt it was an injury to Mdm Kwik who had been a devoted and
dutiful wife. Mr Thio spent much time abroad but when he returned to Singapore
he would live in the family home, sharing the same bedroom with Mdm Kwik as
previously.

Disputes with Mr Thio

17 By 2007, Mr Thio had not been actively involved in the day-to-day
management of the Group for almost ten years. In November 2007, Ernst & Young
LLP issued a report (“the EY Report”) after conducting a review of the travel
expenses that Mr Thio had claimed from companies in the Group. The EY Report
concluded that Mr Thio had claimed reimbursement from both MDI and CESB on
nine occasions for the same airline tickets. This amounted to a double claim
of about $45,000 from MDI and CESB.

18 An emergency meeting of the MDI board of directors was convened on 20
November 2007 (while Mr Thio was overseas in Canada, and with Mr Thio not
receiving notice of the meeting) at which the EY Report was discussed. The
directors in attendance (who included all the plaintiffs) unanimously approved
a resolution to remove Mr Thio as director, managing director and Chairman of
MDI, as well as an authorised signatory of MDI’s bank accounts. At MDI’s
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) the next day, 21 November 2007, only one Wendy
Lee, who acted as proxy for Mr Thio, objected to the resolution to ratify and
approve the removal of Mr Thio from his positions in MDI. At the AGM, it was
also resolved that Mr Thio be requested to vacate and by reason thereof was
deemed to have vacated his offices as authorised bank signatory, director,
managing director and chairman in Modern Dairy.

19 On 22 November 2007, Wendy and Serene withdrew the powers of attorney they
had granted to Mr Thio. Three days later, Extraordinary General Meetings
(“EGMs”) were held in respect of THPL and URL. At the EGMs, Mr Thio was
removed as a director of the two companies.

20 Shortly thereafter, Mr Thio counterattacked by commencing Suit 10 of 2008
(“Suit 10”) which was an action for relief against oppression. The defendants
were his wife and children, THPL, MDI, URL and Modern Dairy. Later that year,
he started Suit 734 of 2008 (“Suit 734”) against MDI and Modern Dairy,
alleging that he had been improperly removed from his offices in both
companies as procedural requirements in the Articles of Association had not
been met. Modern Dairy counterclaimed that Mr Thio had breached his fiduciary
duties by double claiming for travel expenses. The High Court dismissed both
suits (see [2009] SGHC 135) and allowed MDI’s counterclaim for reimbursement
of the wrongfully claimed expenses. In relation to the first suit, Lai Siu
Chiu J held that there was no understanding, as Mr Thio alleged existed, among
the family members arising from the Deed of Settlement that Mr Thio would be
entitled to participate in the management of the Group companies or to retain
his offices until he decided to retire or relinquish his positions. Clause 15
would also in any event cause the Deed of Settlement to supersede any alleged
prior understanding.

21 Mr Thio appealed against the decisions in respect of both suits. The Court
of Appeal (see [2010] SGCA 16) affirmed Lai J’s factual findings and held that
Mr Thio had failed to prove the existence of any such understanding which, in
any case, could not stand in the face of cll 13 and 15 of the Deed of
Settlement. The minority oppression claim was thus not made out. The Court of
Appeal, however, disagreed with Lai J’s finding that the removal of Mr Thio as
a director was a mere procedural irregularity. The Court of Appeal held that
the non-compliance amounted to substantive irregularity that was not curable
under s 392(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies
Act”). The purported removal of Mr Thio from the various offices he held in
MDI and Modern Dairy was thus void. In relation to the counterclaim by MDI,
the Court of Appeal affirmed Lai J’s order that there be interlocutory
judgment for MDI against Mr Thio for an inquiry to be taken in respect of all
sums which Mr Thio had claimed and received in breach of his fiduciary duties.

22 After the Court of Appeal’s decision, on 3 May 2010 an EGM of MDI was
convened to consider a resolution to remove Mr Thio from his (re-instated)
position as director. Mr Thio arrived at the meeting with his solicitor, but
withdrew from it after the other shareholders present decided that his
solicitor should not be allowed to attend the meeting. Thereafter, the
remaining shareholders, including the plaintiffs, collectively holding 88.5%
of MDI’s share capital, voted in favour of the resolution. Since then, Mr Thio
has not held any office in MDI though he remains a director of some of the
other Group companies.

Events relied on for the purpose of this action

23 I now set out a short recital of the basic facts which are pertinent to the
complaints that the plaintiffs have brought against the defendants in this
action.

Declaration of performance bonuses

24 The legal costs incurred by Mdm Kwik and the children for defending the
suits brought by Mr Thio (and the appeals thereafter) amounted to
approximately $2.5m. These costs were paid by Ernest and Patrick alone though
all the others were liable for them too.

25 On 27 August 2010, there was a board meeting of the MDI directors
immediately after the company’s AGM. At this board meeting, Wendy, Michael and
Mr Lim voted in favour of a resolution approving the payment of a performance
bonus of $1m each to Ernest and Patrick for their contributions to MDI’s
exceptional financial results for the financial year ending 31 December 2009.
These bonuses were initially stated to have been declared for the core
executive management team of MDI (Mr Lim, Ernest and Patrick). Mr Lim,
however, did not receive any such bonus as he had purportedly indicated that
he would not accept any bonus. Notwithstanding what the resolution stated, all
present at the meeting knew that the bonuses were intended to reimburse Ernest
and Patrick in respect of their payment of the legal costs.

Investigations into Mr Thio’s expense claims

26 Following the Court of Appeal’s decision, Ferrier Hodgson Pte Ltd (“FH”)
was appointed by MDI to review Mr Thio’s expense claims from MDI and its
Malaysian Subsidiaries for the period from 1 January 2001 to 30 September
2007. During the course of the review, it was discovered that there were
expenses reimbursed to Mr Thio outside that period. FH therefore expanded
their scope of work to cover the period from 1 January 2001 to 18 May 2010 as
well. A report dated 23 July 2010 was issued by FH (“the 2010 FH Report”) in
respect of the full period.

27 Subsequently, MDI also appointed FH to conduct a similar review of expenses
incurred by Mr Thio in PEL, in particular his overseas travelling expenses,
for the period from 1 January 2004 to 31 May 2011. A report dated 21 November
2011 (“the 2011 FH Report”) was issued by FH. This found, among other things,
that Mr Thio had made duplicate and triplicate intercompany claims, as well as
duplicate intra-company claims in PEL itself.

28 After the 2011 FH Report was issued, FH was asked to prepare a
supplementary report on their review of Mr Thio’s expenses in PEL for the
period from 1 March 2006 to 31 May 2011. A third report was issued on 29
February 2012 (“the 2012 FH Report”). The 2012 FH Report stated that FH’s
findings in their 2010 and 2011 reports remained unchanged.

29 Before FH was appointed by MDI to look into Mr Thio’s expense claims in
PEL, PEL had already passed a resolution, on Ernest’s and Patrick’s prompting,
to appoint FH to do the same. Notwithstanding this, Ernest and Patrick
procured that MDI made the actual appointment as they thought that Mr Thio,
who controlled PEL, would not see the appointment through.

Proposed buyout of plaintiffs’ shareholdings in the Group

30 From 2011, discussions took place between Wendy, Serene and Vicki on the
one part and Patrick and Ernest on the other regarding a possible purchase of
the sisters’ shares in the Group by Ernest and Patrick. Without informing
their brothers, Michael and the sisters appointed Ernst & Young LLP (“E&Y”) to
prepare valuations of MDI, THPL and URL. According to Michael, they left it
entirely to E&Y to decide what the right way to value the companies was. The
only instruction given to E&Y was to provide an indicative value of 100%
equity stake in each company and the indicative value of the siblings’
respective equity stakes in each of the companies as of December 2010. E&Y
provided its indicative valuation results in a presentation dated 9 September
2011 which was revised on 11 November 2011. E&Y valued MDI’s equity as being
between $1,197.6m and $1,295.2m. THPL’s equity value was given as between
$421.4m and $450.7m and URL’s equity value was given as $178.2m.

31 The family met on 11 November 2011 to discuss the proposed buyout. Patrick
and Ernest suggested that the valuation be conducted on a net tangible asset
(“NTA”) basis as this would avoid a stalemate in negotiation as no subjective
premium would be applied. They stated that the NTA value could be derived from
audited reports produced by the companies’ auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers
(“PWC”). Serene and Wendy proposed that there be a jointly-appointed
independent valuer, an idea that was rejected by Ernest and Patrick. They
were, however, willing for Wendy to appoint another valuer at her own cost.

32 The family met to discuss this issue again on 6 February 2012. Just before
this meeting, Michael informed Patrick, Ernest and Mdm Kwik of the earlier
valuation obtained from E&Y. At the meeting itself, Michael presented figures
derived from E&Y’s valuations. Patrick and Ernest did not agree with the
quoted figures, and offered to purchase the shares of the three sisters at a
lump sum of $31.98m each and to purchase Michael’s shares for $70.64m. These
offers were based on what Ernest and Patrick considered to be the objective
value of the companies’ then current assets. The discussions on a proposed
buyout broke down eventually. The plaintiffs considered that the offers made
to them were grossly inadequate. Vicki, however, sold out to Patrick and
Ernest in May 2013.

Proposed payment to Ernest and Patrick of backdated emoluments

33 On 22 February 2012, the boards of the Malaysian Subsidiaries each resolved
to make payment of RM500,000 each to Ernest and Patrick. According to the
resolutions, these payments represented backdated director’s emoluments going
back as far back as 17 years earlier. If implemented, Ernest and Patrick would
each have received RM1m.

34 Michael was not happy about these resolutions. He requested that they be
considered at a board meeting of the holding company, MDI. His request was
acceded to and the MDI directors met on 9 July 2012 to discuss the issue. In a
rare departure from her normal behaviour, Mdm Kwik attended this meeting. Mr
Lim was also there and at Mdm Kwik’s suggestion he was appointed the chairman
of the meeting. There was a fairly lively discussion. Eventually, separate
resolutions were passed approving the backdated director’s emoluments to be
paid by the Malaysian Subsidiaries. Ernest and Patrick each abstained from
voting for the resolution concerning payment to himself but voted for the
resolution in favour of the other brother (unlike the original joint
resolution at the board meetings of the Malaysian Subsidiaries when Ernest and
Patrick both abstained). After the resolutions were passed, both Ernest and
Patrick declared they would renounce these payments for the sake of “family
harmony”.

Remuneration review in 2012

35 At the same MDI board meeting held on 9 July 2012, the remuneration of
directors and executive employees of MDI and its subsidiaries, as well as the
setting up of a remuneration committee, was discussed. Michael proposed a
resolution to establish a remuneration committee comprising Wendy and Serene,
two non-executive directors, to review the salaries of directors and executive
employees and report to the board. This resolution was not passed. Instead,
the board resolved, by a majority (with only Serene and Wendy voting against),
to approve the commissioning of an independent review of the remuneration of
all directors of MDI and its subsidiaries and to use the results of the review
to guide the MDI board in assessing fair and equitable remuneration for the
directors concerned. It was then further resolved that Mdm Kwik, being a
founding director of MDI, would be excluded from this independent review. Only
Wendy voted against this further resolution but Michael and Mdm Kwik
abstained.

36 Aon Hewitt (“AH”), a consultancy firm, was appointed to conduct the
independent review. In due course, it released its report dated 21 February
2013 (“the AH Report”). The AH Report benchmarked the ten positions reviewed
on the basis of information provided by MDI for positions existing as of
October 2012.

The minority oppression claims

The grounds of the claims

37 The plaintiffs mount a claim of minority oppression against Ernest, Patrick
and Mdm Kwik. The alleged acts of oppression carried out by Ernest and
Patrick, allegedly with Mdm Kwik’s support, fall into three main categories:

(a) Abuse of control over the Group by using the Group companies for a
collateral purpose: to engage in the continued pursuit of Mr Thio for his
wrongful reimbursement claims motivated by their vendetta against him;

(b) Management of the Group in disregard of proper corporate practices in
relation to:

(i) the declaration of performance bonuses in MDI and backdated emoluments in
its Malaysian Subsidiaries in favour of Ernest and Patrick;

(ii) the sale of a unit in Village Tower by URL; and

(iii) the denial of the plaintiffs’ right to information;

(c) Conducting the affairs of the Group to the plaintiffs’ detriment to punish
them for their perceived defiance and/or to compel the sale of their shares at
an undervalue, including by removing Wendy and Serene as directors of MDI and
THPL respectively, reducing Michael’s salary in the Malaysian Subsidiaries and
removing Michael’s and Serene’s car benefits in MDI.

38 The plaintiffs assert that the affairs of the companies in the Group must
be considered collectively and that the affairs of each of the companies are
closely intertwined and, hence, unfair conduct in one company in a group
structure is relevant in determining whether there was unfair conduct in a
related company. The plaintiffs also submit that the Group is a quasi-
partnership with the relevant measure of unfairness extending beyond the
parties’ strict legal rights as the Group was family-owned and family-managed
with a personal relationship of mutual trust and confidence forming the basis
of the Group. In this regard, the plaintiffs also take the view that there was
a common understanding stemming from the Deed of Settlement that the
plaintiffs were entitled to participate in the management of the Group.

39 Ernest and Patrick, on the other hand, contend that the separate legal
personalities of the companies in the Group should not be ignored. They submit
that the plaintiffs bear the burden of showing that the affairs of any
particular company actually affected or impacted the affairs of another
company in the Group. They also assert that the companies in the Group are not
quasi-partnerships as there were no partnership-type obligations of mutual
trust and confidence among the family members. As such, they contend that the
measure of commercial unfairness suffered by the plaintiffs, if any, should be
assessed by the plaintiffs’ strict legal rights. As for the alleged common
understanding, they deny its existence and claim that it is not made out on
the evidence.

40 Mdm Kwik adopts Ernest’s and Patrick’s submissions that the Group companies
are not quasi-partnerships. In addition, she asserts that she did not blindly
support Ernest and Patrick and was not involved in the acts of alleged
oppression. In that regard, she seeks an award of indemnity costs as the
claims against her are baseless and misconceived. As for Ernest’s and
Patrick’s submissions in relation to each alleged act of oppression, I will
refer to them as I deal with each issue in turn.

Issues

41 Accordingly, the issues to be determined are:

(a) First, whether the Group is a quasi-partnership;

(b) Second, whether there was a common understanding that the plaintiffs were
entitled to participate (and remain) in the management of the Group as
directors;

(c) Third, how the fact that legally each member of the Group has a separate
legal personality affects the analysis of the plaintiffs’ global claim of
minority oppression;

(d) Fourth, whether the various alleged acts of commercial unfairness amounted
to minority oppression; and

(e) Lastly, if minority oppression is made out, what the appropriate relief
for the plaintiffs should be.

Legal principles applying to minority oppression claims

General principles

42 Our courts have frequently had to deal with minority oppression claims
under s 216 of the Companies Act. As a result, there is a substantial body of
established law for a judge to rely on. An excellent summary of the legal
principles to be applied in assessing the merits of such a claim is given at
[97] to [108] of the judgment in Lim Kok Wah and others v Lim Boh Yong and
others and other matters [2015] 5 SLR 307 (“Lim Kok Wah”). Drawing on various
authorities, Coomaraswamy J notes at [97] that the touchstone of a minority
oppression claim under s 216(1) of the Companies Act is the element of
unfairness. Prejudice to the claimant may be an important factor in the
overall assessment of unfairness, but it is not an essential requirement: at
[98]. Either a course of conduct or a single act can amount to oppression. The
test of commercial unfairness involves a consideration of whether there has
been a “visible departure from the standards of fair dealing and a violation
of the conditions of fair play which a shareholder is entitled to expect”: at
[99]. Conduct that is technically unlawful may not be unfair; and conduct can
be unfair without being unlawful: at [100].

43 The applicable standard of fairness differs depending on the nature of the
company and the relationship of the shareholders: Lim Kok Wah at [102]. The
legal rights and legitimate expectations of members that are usually found in
the company’s constitution are to be taken into account. In addition, in the
special class of quasi-partnership companies, shareholders’ expectations from
informal and undocumented understandings and assumptions may be taken into
account in determining whether the minority has been unfairly treated: at
[106]. When a quasi-partnership is found, the courts apply a stricter
yardstick of scrutiny due to the peculiar vulnerability of minority
shareholders in these situations where parties may not have spelled out their
rights and obligations in entirety: at [107]. In the circumstances of the
present case, it is also important to point out that to bring an action under
s 216, a claimant must show that the conduct complained of affected him in his
capacity as a shareholder: Koh Keng Chew and others v Liew Kit Fah and others
[2016] 4 SLR 1208 at [97].

44 The approach is thus a textured one that is concerned with more than the
strict rights of parties. A claimant must show sufficiently that:

(a) there are legitimate expectations derived from (i) strict legal rights as
found in documents such as the company’s constitution or shareholders’
agreements; or (ii) informal understandings and assumptions from the parties’
interactions and personal relationships in cases of quasi-partnerships; or
(iii) informal understandings among shareholders independent of whether the
company is a quasi-partnership; and

(b) that the conduct complained of is contrary to or has departed from such
expectations to the extent that it has become unfair: Lim Kok Wah at [103];
Lian Hwee Choo Phebe and another v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd
and others and another suit [2010] SGHC 268 (“Lian Hwee Choo”) at [61]; The
Wellness Group Pte Ltd and another v OSIM International Ltd and others and
another suit [2016] 3 SLR 729 at [181].

45 The key characteristic of a quasi-partnership is that the shareholders
agree to associate on the basis of a personal relationship involving mutual
trust and confidence (Lim Kok Wah at [105]; Ting Shwu Ping (administrator of
the estate of Chng Koon Seng, deceased) v Scanone Pte Ltd and another appeal
[2017] 1 SLR 95 at [85]). They are, therefore, are prepared to accept a great
degree of informality in spelling out the fundamental understandings and
expectations underlying their investment. The equities of the situation thus
render the express or implicit understandings of parties relevant to the
inquiry.

46 The mere fact that companies are family-owned or family-run does not,
however, ipso facto translate to an inference that such companies were
incorporated or operated on the basis of any relationship of mutual trust and
confidence amongst the members. Not all family companies in the broader sense
of the term will be quasi-partnerships. Only where the “family interest is
closely related to the raison d’être of the company” will mutual trust and
confidence be as important as in a quasi-partnership: Chow Kwok Chuen v Chow
Kwok Chi and another [2008] 4 SLR(R) 362 (“Chow Kwok Chuen”) at [33].

47 In Lim Kok Wah, Coomaraswamy J held that although the parties were family
members, their relationship in the two companies was not based on mutual trust
and confidence (at [111]–[113]). Although there was such a relationship
between the father who ran both companies as an autocratic patriarch and each
son, there was no such relationship between each son and all of the other
sons. Hence, the measure of commercial unfairness was defined by the parties’
legal rights and their legitimate expectations derived from the company’s
constitution (at [115]).

48 It is important to stress that if the plaintiffs fail to show that
equitable considerations are relevant to the management of the companies by
virtue of their being quasi-partnerships or that any informal understanding
exists independent of quasi-partnership, the measure of commercial unfairness
should be defined by the parties’ legal rights and their legitimate
expectations derived from and enshrined in the companies’ constitutions.

Doctrine of separate legal personality and minority oppression claims

49 There are, additionally, points that have to be made with specific
reference to the facts of this case because the oppression complained of
relates not just to one company but to a number of companies which are related
to each other in various ways. The doctrine of separate legal personalities of
companies is not totally disregarded in minority oppression claims. Claimants
should also be clear whose unfair conduct in relation to which entity is being
complained of by which claimant.

50 Here, the plaintiffs’ statement of claim and submissions set out a global
claim of oppression without differentiating the acts of oppression each
plaintiff suffered in each company and without differentiating which acts of
oppression occurred in relation to which company. They submit that the alleged
oppressive acts should be considered cumulatively as demonstrating a course of
conduct taken by the defendants, and that the affairs of each of the companies
in the Group must be considered collectively in determining whether there was
oppression in THPL, MDI and URL because the affairs of each of these companies
are closely intertwined and so the court should view the affairs of the
related companies in their totality.

51 However, I am of the view that the plaintiffs have taken the principles in
the cases they rely on too far. Although the courts have adopted an approach
that is not too legalistic, the separate legal personalities of the companies
in the Group are not irrelevant and the doctrine must be respected.

52 In Kumagai Gumi Co Ltd v Zenecon Pte Ltd and others and other appeals
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 304 (“Kumagai”), the Court of Appeal lifted the corporate veil
in a s 216 oppression claim and considered the affairs of a subsidiary as
being the affairs of the holding company where (i) the holding company
nominated a director to the subsidiary’s board; and (ii) the holding company
had an interest in the nominee director discharging his duties to the
subsidiary. Thus, the wrongful conduct in relation to the subsidiary was
relevant conduct in the affairs of the holding company for the purposes of
determining oppression under s 216.

53 In Lim Chee Twang v Chan Shuk Kuen Helina and others [2010] 2 SLR 209 (“Lim
Chee Twang”), Quentin Loh JC (as he then was) examined Kumagai as well as
various English and Australian cases which involved situations of holding and
subsidiary companies with vertical structures. In Lim Chee Twang, the
situation was not of a holding and subsidiary or a vertical structure, but
that of a horizontal corporate structure with common shareholders, holding
identical proportions of shares and who were directors in all these companies.
Loh JC’s conclusion (at [97]) was that the test for the affairs of one company
to be considered the affairs of its holding company would be to show on the
facts that “the affairs of the subsidiary actually affected or impacted the
holding company”. This approach was adopted and affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in Ng Kek Wee v Sim City Technology [2014] 4 SLR 723 (“Ng Kek Wee”) at
[42] where it was opined that:

… Legitimate claims for relief from oppression should not be defeated by
technical and legalistic objections relating to the company’s shareholding
structure; at the same time the doctrine of separate legal personalities and
the strict words of the statute (“the affairs of the company” [emphasis
added]) must be respected. In our view, the balance between these competing
interests would be properly drawn by a requirement that commercially unfair
conduct in the management of a subsidiary would be relevant so long and to the
extent that such conduct affected or impacted the holding company whose member
was the party claiming relief from oppression. The purpose and policy behind s
216 of the Companies Act is, above all, to grant relief from the oppressive
behaviour to shareholders who would otherwise be unable to stop that abuse …
If the affairs of the subsidiary do not affect or impact the holding company,
shareholders and members of the latter could hardly complain that their
interests were therefore prejudiced.

[emphasis in italics original; emphasis in bold added]

54 The Court of Appeal in Ng Kek Wee thus agreed that the trial judge did not
err in taking into account the appellant’s conduct of the affairs of a wholly
owned subsidiary company of a holding company whose sole assets were its
wholly owned subsidiaries. The way in which the business was run there meant
that the business of the subsidiary, which was the operational arm of the
group, would undoubtedly have impacted the holding company. Similarly, Loh JC
in Lim Chee Twang (at [135] and [136]) found on the facts that the affairs of
the foreign related companies complained of impacted upon and affected the
relevant Singapore companies.

55 Thus, in balancing the consideration of allowing legitimate claims for
relief from oppression and the doctrine of separate legal personality, the
plaintiffs cannot merely mount a global oppression claim and assert that
everything must be looked at collectively just because the Group was managed
by the same people and/or had common directors and shareholders. The
plaintiffs have to satisfy the tests set out by the Court of Appeal in Ng Kek
Wee; the burden of proof is on them to show that the alleged acts complained
of in relation to related companies in the Group (such as the Malaysian
Subsidiaries) actually affected or impacted the companies (THPL, MDI and/or
URL) in respect of which they ask for relief from oppression. General claims
that this group of companies were “closely intertwined”, “interconnected”,
“share the same shareholders” and “the same directors (i.e., Ernest and
Patrick) run these companies” are insufficient. To rely on these to ask the
court to view the affairs of the companies in the Group “collectively” would
not be respecting the doctrine of separate legal personality and instead would
be inviting the court to disregard the strict words of s 216 and look at the
Group as a single economic entity, which is a concept that has “no place in
Singapore law” (see Manuchar Steel Hong Kong Ltd v Star Pacific Line Pte Ltd
[2014] 4 SLR 832 at [130] and generally).

56 On the facts, the only relevant related companies in the Group that are not
THPL, MDI or URL are the Malaysian Subsidiaries in which the plaintiffs have
no direct shareholding interest. In relation to the Malaysian Subsidiaries,
the relevant acts alleged to constitute oppressive conduct relate to the
authorisation of backdated emoluments in favour of Ernest and Patrick in 2012.
These were ultimately not paid out as the payments were renounced by Ernest
and Patrick during the MDI board meeting that discussed these matters. In a
way, this makes the inquiry unnecessary. The only reason, however, that the
resolutions had no practical consequences was the voluntary renunciation.
Otherwise the moneys would have been paid out and to the extent that payment
out would have meant a reduction of RM1m in the assets of each of the
Malaysian Subsidiaries, it can be inferred that there would have been an
impact on the holding company, MDI. There is no evidence, however, which would
enable an assessment of the extent of such impact.

57 As for the alleged acts of oppression in relation to THPL, MDI and URL, the
plaintiffs are minority shareholders in these companies. The only complaint in
relation to URL relates to the sale of a property and the only complaint in
relation to THPL relates to the removal of Serene as a director. Although
isolated acts can amount to oppression, here, as I discuss later in this
judgment, there are no circumstances pointing to commercial unfairness in
relation to these two acts. The substantive case seems to be in relation to
the defendants’ conduct of the affairs of MDI.

Analysis and findings

Nature of THPL, MDI and URL

58 On the present facts, I have concluded that the companies in the Group were
not run as a quasi-partnership, at least among the parties involved in the
present proceedings. Although the relevant companies are family-owned and
family-run in the sense that most of the directors in the relevant companies
are members of the Thio family, both the plaintiffs and defendants accept that
the day-to-day management of the Group is in the hands of Ernest and Patrick,
assisted by Mr Lim. The plaintiffs’ focus on how company resources are used
for familial purposes or how Mdm Kwik’s remuneration was excluded from the
independent review on the basis of her being the founding director and the
matriarch of the Thio family are beside the point. The fact that familial ties
are taken into consideration when corporate policies and decisions are made
may support but does not lead directly to the crucial inference that the
companies were operated on the basis of a relationship of mutual trust and
confidence between the members.

59 In this case, there are clearly no partnership-type obligations of mutual
trust and confidence between the non-corporate parties in the proceedings.
From their submissions, it seems that the plaintiffs take the position that
the companies in the Group should be treated as having been quasi-partnerships
from their inception. The plaintiffs trace the history of how Mr Thio founded
the Group as a family business, issued shares to members of the Thio family
without consideration throughout the years and brought his sons on board as
executive directors. However, even if the basis of association in the
companies may have been formed on the basis of a personal relationship
involving mutual confidence, the inquiry has to extend to examine whether this
basis continued. This is especially so when new shareholders come into the
picture; the court should examine the realties to determine if the
shareholders still agreed to associate on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence.

60 There is no doubt that the companies are “family companies” in the broad
sense. Notwithstanding this, I find that the members of the Thio family did
not operate on a relationship of mutual trust and confidence in relation to
how the companies were run. At the beginning it was Mr Thio and his siblings
who were in charge. Gradually, Mr Thio bought out his siblings but he did not
bring all his sons, let alone all his children, into the business. He groomed
them selectively and whilst Michael, who was the second son, was given shares
at an early stage and again in 2002, he was not brought into the management of
the business until 2005. The daughters were given nothing until 2002 and even
then the original idea was not to give them any share in the Group companies
but to give them cash or real property. It is significant that even Mdm Kwik,
whose concern for her daughters’ well-being was the catalyst for the change,
did not at the initial stage suggest that they be made shareholders of the
Group companies. There was no assumption then that the children were entitled
to shares much less to play a part in management.

61 It is also telling that when eventually Mr Thio decided to give Michael and
his three daughters bonus shares in 2002 (the cheapest way of providing for
them), he ensured that he had full power to exercise their rights as members
by having them sign blank share transfer forms and powers of attorney in his
favour. This action was contrary to any intention or inference that the
plaintiffs were brought on board as quasi-partners with obligations of mutual
trust and confidence. The plaintiffs also acknowledge that Mr Thio was a
traditional patriarch who only considered his sons as being entitled to carry
on the family name and business. As soon as he acquired grandsons bearing the
Thio surname, he proposed steps to restrict the transfer of shares to
descendants with the Thio surname. Further, the daughters only ever held non-
executive directorships in the companies and did not participate in the day-
to-day management. Serene confirmed in previous proceedings that Ernest was
“effectively de facto the one running [the company]” and that she left the
“entire group” to him. It was never intended for all the children of the Thio
family to work in concert to grow the companies and enhance the family
fortune. Managing the companies in the Group was left to Mr Thio, and
subsequently Ernest and Patrick. This situation was accepted by the plaintiffs
for a long time. Even after they were made directors in 2005, Wendy, Serene
and Vicki left day-to-day matters in the hands of Ernest and Patrick.

62 There may at one time have been a relationship of trust and confidence
between Mr Thio and Ernest and there certainly seems currently to be such a
relationship between Ernest and Patrick. That was not, however, the basis on
which the plaintiffs were brought in as directors. Michael got an executive
position in the Malaysian Subsidiaries at his mother’s urging and it seems
plausible that if Mr Thio made a suggestion in 2005 that his other children
should be directors in order to safeguard their rights (as I discuss below) he
did so more out of disgruntlement with Ernest than any belief that the
children were entitled to such participation.

63 In these circumstances, I find that THPL, MDI and URL are not quasi-
partnerships or companies that are akin to quasi-partnerships. It cannot be
said that the members of the Thio family are quasi-partners with the alleged
common understanding that they are to participate in the management of THPL,
MDI and URL in order to protect their interests as shareholders. I also note
that the plaintiffs, as respondents against Mr Thio in his appeal against Lai
J’s decision, had argued against the existence of an understanding outside of
the Deed of Settlement and the companies’ constitutions that Mr Thio was to be
entitled to participate in the management of the Group until he decided to
relinquish his right to do so. It is inconsistent (and seems self-serving)
that the plaintiffs are now insisting that the Deed of Settlement gave rise to
a common understanding that they are to participate in management, when they
had previously denied the very same point in relation to their father.

Legitimate expectations (independent of whether the Group was a quasi-
partnership)

64 The plaintiffs submit that the genesis of the alleged common understanding
was the Deed of Settlement and that the appointment of the plaintiffs as
directors was related to the events discussed at the signing of the Deed of
Settlement.

65 I am not satisfied that the plaintiffs have proved their case. They rely
mainly on inferences to be drawn from the fact that the documents relating to
their appointment as directors were backdated to the same date as the Deed of
Settlement, 23 December 2005. Even if I take their case at its highest and
accept that the appointments were related to the Deed of Settlement, the
understanding the plaintiffs allege existed was not a common understanding
shared by everyone. Instead, it was an arrangement that was imposed upon them
by Mr Thio who they say proposed such appointments at the lawyer’s office when
the family members were gathered to sign the Deed of Settlement.

66 There is no evidential basis to infer that such an alleged common
understanding was shared among the members of the Thio family. The account
given by the plaintiffs is that their father told them that they should be
directors in order to protect their own interests. There is no evidence that
thereafter the parties discussed this suggestion and agreed, expressly or
impliedly, that the plaintiffs would be appointed as directors in order to
manage the Group from then on. At that time, Mr Thio’s wrongful claims had not
yet come to light and although he had deep disagreements with Ernest, his
children still tried to accommodate his requests to the extent they seemed
reasonable. The execution of the Deed of Settlement itself demonstrates that.
Any subjective expectation on the plaintiffs’ part clearly cannot suffice (Lim
Kok Wah at [121]). If the appointments were in fact discussed, any prior
understanding would have been superseded by the Deed of Settlement via cl 15,
as held in the previous proceedings in relation to Mr Thio’s alleged
understanding that he was to remain as director until he relinquished his
offices (see [2009] SGHC 135 at [51] and [2010] SGCA 16 at [87]). The purpose
of the Deed of Settlement was to settle the issue of share ownership and, as
the plaintiffs themselves testified in 2008, there was no “understanding” that
Mr Thio would not be removed from his positions in the Group by virtue of the
Deed of Settlement which was to only make “very clear who owns what”.

67 The plaintiffs themselves did not give consistent accounts as to when and
how the alleged common understanding arose. Wendy initially pointed to some
agreement that she would be appointed and remain as director before the Deed
of Settlement was signed. Later she asserted that the understanding could be
discerned from cl 13 of the Deed of Settlement together with Mr Thio’s
instructions to have them appointed as directors. Subsequently, she
contradicted herself when shown the Court of Appeal’s finding that Mr Thio’s
alleged understanding was superseded by cl 15. Wendy then changed her stance
and asserted that the common understanding arose after the Deed of Settlement
was signed. It is also telling that the right to be a director and the right
not to be removed unless they did something wrong was never asserted or
reflected in any e-mail or document, a fact accepted by Michael. Both Michael
and Serene also accepted and agreed that the purpose of the Deed of Settlement
was to settle the issue of shareholdings. Their evidence now is diametrically
opposed to the evidence they gave and what they asserted in the earlier
proceedings in 2008. Notably, Serene conceded that the common understanding
was never spoken and communicated:

Q: Those words were not spoken, ie, no one said that, “As long as you have
shares, you continue to be directors, unless you do something”. Correct?

A: Correct.

…

Court: … The question is: did anyone say that you would always be a director?

A: No.

68 Clearly, subjective expectations that were not discussed or communicated
among the shareholders would not give rise to any enforceable informal
understanding and expectation. Thus, it cannot be made out that there was a
common understanding among the members of the Thio family that the plaintiffs
were to be appointed and would remain as directors to participate in the
management of the companies in the Group to protect their interests as
shareholders. The lack of such a common understanding to participate in
management as directors is further supported by the plaintiffs’ subsequent
conduct in that they did not show any interest in participating in the
management of the companies after they became directors. Instead, apart from
Michael’s involvement in the Malaysian Subsidiaries which was for the purpose
of earning a living, the plaintiffs including Michael were happy to leave
management of the Group in Ernest’s and Patrick’s hands.

Unfair conduct complained of must affect claimant as a shareholder and must
relate to the affairs of the company

Non re-election of Wendy and Serene

69 Having found that the companies in the Group are not quasi-partnerships and
that there was no common understanding that any of the plaintiffs had a right
to remain as a director as long as she did no wrong, the plaintiffs’ complaint
in relation to Wendy’s and Serene’s non re-election to the boards of MDI and
THPL respectively must fail. The decision of the majority shareholders not to
re-elect them was a valid decision which the companies’ constitutions
permitted these shareholders to make. In the circumstances, no equitable
considerations can be imposed to enforce any unarticulated understanding that
the plaintiffs were entitled to continue to remain as directors indefinitely.
The proper standard of commercial fairness and fair dealing with regard to
their directorships has not been departed from. Lai J held (at [61] of [2009]
SGHC 135) that Mr Thio’s complaint about his removal from his positions in MDI
and Modern Dairy was not within the ambit of s 216 as it affected him in his
capacity as a member of the board, and not as a member of the company.
Similarly, the complaint here made by Wendy and Serene has nothing to do with
their capacity as shareholders in the respective companies. The fact that they
no longer hold directorships does not affect their rights as shareholders
which remain unchanged.

Attempt to buy shares at an undervalue

70 A fortiori, the purported attempt to compel the sale of the plaintiffs’
shares at an undervalue during the negotiations for a buyout that eventually
broke down cannot support a claim for minority oppression as it is not a
matter that arises in relation to the conduct of the affairs of the respective
companies in the Group. Any self-interested attempts to buy the plaintiffs’
shares on the cheap, even if present, would not affect the plaintiffs’
interests as members of the companies. In Quek Hong Yap v Quek Bee Leng and
others [2005] SGHC 111, Belinda Ang J held that the decision of majority
shareholders not to purchase a minority shareholder’s shares has “nothing to
do with, nor [is] it related to, the affairs of the company” (at [16]).
Similarly, the conduct of negotiations between shareholders for a proposed
buyout in this case is not relevant conduct that relates to the affairs of the
companies under s 216. These are disputes between the shareholders in their
personal capacities and they do not cross the line to become part of the
companies’ affairs. They do not affect the plaintiffs in their capacities as
members.

Sale of Village Tower #07-03 by URL

71 It is difficult to classify the decision relating to the sale of Village
Tower #07-03 (“Unit 07-03”) by URL as being one that falls within the class of
decisions that could amount to commercial unfairness. It is not the court’s
role to assess the business merits of companies’ management decisions: Lim Kok
Wah at [134]. In any event, Wendy clarified that she “[didn’t] have a problem
with the [price of Unit 07-03]”, but only with the fact that she had no input
in the decision as to whether that property should be sold.

72 Ernest and Patrick had asked the plaintiffs to sign a directors’ resolution
in writing to approve the sale of Unit 07-03 after an option to purchase it
had already been granted, that is, at a stage when URL was already legally
obliged to sell Unit 07-03 to the option holder. The plaintiffs, therefore,
were presented with a fait accompli. The situation is similar to that in Lim
Kok Wah where the plaintiffs complained that the defendants did not consult
them before making important business decisions involving the purchase of
several properties. Coomaraswamy J held (at [136]) that “[i]t does not lie in
the mouth of a director who chooses not to take an active part in the
management of the company to argue that is unfair that the company’s executive
directors have taken or implemented business decisions without involving him”.

73 The decision to sell Unit 07-03 was made by the executive management of URL
which, in the normal course of managing the business of URL, made such
decisions from time to time. In fact, the plaintiffs had previously signed a
resolution approving the sale of a similar unit at Village Tower (#13-03) in
April 2011 without raising any questions. The evidence shows that the practice
all along was for management decisions in URL to be made by Ernest and Patrick
as executive directors, and for the other directors to give their approval
subsequently. The concession that no issue arose with regard to the sale price
and the lack of dispute over whether the decision to sell the unit was a
commercially justifiable one are telling. After their appointments, the
plaintiffs, as non-executive directors, had not concerned themselves with the
active management of URL in relation to dealings in relation to the company’s
properties. They cannot, thus, argue that it is unfair that the executive
management of URL implemented business decisions without involving them.

74 I note that this is the only act of alleged oppression complained of in
relation to URL. Even if it had been oppressive, it would be a slender act to
base a finding of oppression on. Further, in relation to the related
companies, there has been no demonstration how this act actually impacted or
affected MDI and THPL which, respectively, own 20% and 26.25% of URL’s shares.
Indeed, since the sale price was unimpeachable it is difficult to conceive of
any impact on the related companies. Even if such decision-making in URL
amounted to commercial unfairness, the plaintiffs have not demonstrated how
these affairs of URL should be taken to be affairs of THPL or MDI for the
purposes of s 216.

Pursuit of Mr Thio

75 I am of the view that Ernest’s and Patrick’s continued pursuit of Mr Thio
for his alleged double (or even triple) expense claims in the companies in the
Group would not per se amount to commercially unfair conduct that would
constitute oppression under s 216. It must be in a company’s interests for its
directors to take action to recover amounts that have been wrongly paid out of
the company’s funds. The question here is whether such action was taken to
extremes because it was motivated by personal anger rather than corporate
concerns.

76 The potential unfairness lies not in the fact that Ernest and Patrick
sought to investigate and recover the double claims from Mr Thio, but in their
use of MDI, rather than PEL, to engage FH, and their withholding of the 2011
and 2012 FH Reports from the plaintiffs. This, the plaintiffs say, indicates
that they were using MDI to pursue their own vendetta against their father.
The plaintiffs also complain that Patrick and Ernest caused letters of demand
to be sent to Mr Thio just a day before he was to undergo a heart operation in
2012. Michael did admit during cross-examination that sending the letters of
demand was the “correct and proper thing to do”, but he also asserted that
Ernest and Patrick should have considered Serene’s offer to repay Mr Thio’s
debt.

77 I find that Ernest’s and Patrick’s conduct went well beyond the rational
corporate action required to recover the amounts due to the companies. First,
their refusal to accept Serene’s standing offer to repay the sums claimed from
Mr Thio was inexplicable. Second, the lengths Patrick and Ernest went to to
persecute Mr Thio in relation to PEL and use of MDI for that purpose when the
two companies were not connected indicates some crusade against Mr Thio
founded on more than mere recovery of moneys.

78 In November 2011, Serene made clear her offer to pay compensation on behalf
of Mr Thio after the FH Reports were issued as she did not want to put Mr Thio
through more stress. However, this was immediately refused by Ernest on the
basis that Mr Thio had committed fraud and therefore a lawsuit against him
should be pursued. In engaging lawyers to issue the letters of demand despite
Serene’s offer, the plaintiffs essentially incurred more costs for the Group
companies that approximated to a large percentage of what was ultimately
recovered. Eventually, Serene did make payment on Mr Thio’s behalf in response
to the letters of demand without admitting to the validity of the claims.

79 Although, as the defendants point out, it is not part of the plaintiffs’
pleaded case in relation to the companies party to the present oppression suit
that Ernest and Patrick continued to persecute Mr Thio in PEL, I find that
Ernest’s and Patrick’s conduct in relation to PEL in Hong Kong (such as their
seeking to remove Mr Thio from his positions in PEL, to remove his entitlement
to his apartment and car in Hong Kong, and in making a police report against
Mr Thio) demonstrates that their motivations were not simply to remedy wrongs
done to MDI and PEL. In using MDI to employ FH to investigate Mr Thio’s claims
in PEL, they were using it for a non-corporate purpose and to achieve an
ulterior purpose. They were also going beyond the interests of MDI in
employing lawyers to send out letters of demand to Mr Thio when they were
fully aware of Serene’s offer to settle the amount due. Indeed, in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Ernest acknowledges that in November 2011
Serene had offered to pay $250,000 for this purpose. The amounts demanded in
the lawyers’ letters in March 2012 were RM229,578.54 and $116,612.27 and thus
the total amount demanded was within what Serene was willing to pay. Their use
of MDI for the purposes of their vendetta was, therefore, commercially unfair
vis-à-vis the other shareholders including the plaintiffs.

Other alleged acts of commercial unfairness

80 The other acts complained of in relation to MDI’s affairs are:

(a) Ernest’s and Patrick’s selective application of the AH Report to:

(i) justify a reduction in Michael’s remuneration while simultaneously
increasing their own remuneration, and

(ii) remove Serene’s and Michael’s car benefits while simultaneously retaining
other benefits for themselves and their spouses;

(b) Ernest’s and Patrick’s behaviour in relation to the declaration of
performance bonuses to reimburse them for paying the costs of previous legal
proceedings; and

(c) Ernest’s and Patrick’s delay in providing information and answering
requests for information.

Selective application of the AH Report

(1) Michael’s remuneration from the Malaysian Subsidiaries

81 Michael’s salaries from the Malaysian Subsidiaries were reduced by more
than 40% after he was re-classified as a “local hire” subsequent to the issue
of the AH Report. It is not disputed that the AH Report had not made any
recommendation for Michael to be classified as a “local hire”. Instead, this
was one of three options contained in the AH Report. AH had proposed:

(a) Michael be only paid by the Malaysian Subsidiaries, instead of by both MDI
and the Malaysian Subsidiaries, if he was classified as a “local hire” and to
review his remuneration package which was “significantly above market median”;

(b) Michael be benchmarked against the position of executive director and
director/VP of sales and marketing in Singapore to receive “internal
relativity with his peers in Singapore” if he was classified as an
“expatriate” from Singapore on a business posting to Malaysia and to review
his remuneration package which was “significantly above market median”; or
that

(c) Michael be only paid by the Malaysian Subsidiaries and transit to a local-
plus compensation policy where as a rule of thumb he would receive a total
real wage equal to that that he would receive back in the home country
(structured with a “hardship” allowance component) in two to three years’ time
if Michael was classified as a “local-plus hire”.

82 The plaintiffs assert that because there was a need for someone to keep an
eye on the Group’s operations in Malaysia, there was an understanding that
Michael would be an expatriate from MDI working in the Malaysian Subsidiaries.
They also argue that Michael’s remuneration package was in fact determined on
an expatriate basis since he received a housing allowance in Malaysia. Their
assertions, however, are not tenable. Michael was employed in the Malaysian
Subsidiaries after Mdm Kwik asked for him to be given an “iron rice bowl”. At
that time, there was no vacancy available at a suitable level in MDI since
Ernest and Patrick were already entrenched there. It was therefore decided
that Michael was to be appointed deputy managing director of the Malaysian
Subsidiaries instead. Granted that at Mdm Kwik’s request, the intention was to
give Michael a suitably senior and well-paying post, it does not follow
inexorably that he was hired as an expatriate from MDI. It must be remembered
that Michael was not an employee of MDI at the time although he was a non-
executive director. However, it is clear that it was because the MDI board
controlled the actions of the Malaysian Subsidiaries that Michael could be
placed in those companies. The favourable compensation package he received,
including the housing allowance, owed more to his status as a member of the
family than to his being seconded from MDI.

83 There is nothing in the evidence to support a finding that Michael had a
legitimate expectation that he would receive a certain quantum of remuneration
or benefits as part of his employment with MDI. It would be noted that he
became a shareholder in 2002 but was only offered employment in 2005 so there
was no relationship between the two events. Further, all Michael says about
his employment in the Malaysian Subsidiaries was that the family agreed in
2005 that he, being one of the sons, would look after the Malaysian aspects of
MDI’s business and be located in Malaysia for this. Michael gives no evidence
of any discussion regarding his salary or any assurance that it would kept in
tandem with the remuneration of his brothers in Singapore. Any assumption
which he made to this effect would seem to be unilateral.

84 In the absence of any express or implied understanding as to his
remuneration, a complaint of minority oppression cannot be based simply on a
decision by the boards of MDI and the Malaysian Subsidiaries, on a
consideration of the AH Report, that Michael was overpaid and that as he was
not an employee of MDI, he should not be receiving payments from it. Having
reached these conclusions, it would normally be well within the strict legal
rights of the directors to adjust his remuneration package accordingly. More
crucially, the reduction of Michael’s salary does not, in itself, affect
Michael’s interests (or for that matter that of any of the other plaintiffs)
qua shareholder of MDI. On the face of it, this complaint affects Michael only
in his capacity as an employee of the Malaysian Subsidiaries.

85 It cannot be gainsaid, however, that the reduction of Michael’s
remuneration was a spiteful act when taken in context, and not one motivated
by rational corporate considerations. Michael’s employment resulted from
familial, not corporate, considerations. Mdm Kwik wanted his livelihood to be
provided for; Ernest and Patrick accordingly found a position for him and paid
him a salary that would achieve that aim. Michael was not recruited on the
usual basis of a company with a vacancy giving a qualified applicant a market
rate salary for the job. His position was special and, therefore, using the AH
Report to justify a return to market rates for Michael’s remuneration and to
deprive him of an allowance from MDI would not have been anticipated. While
Michael may not have had a basis to expect his salary to be increased along
with his brothers’, he would confidently have expected that they would not
reduce it so as to shrink his rice bowl. The fact that they did so seems to
me, accordingly, to have been a measure they took to rap him on the knuckles
for his disagreements with them and not as a measure for the overall corporate
benefit of MDI and the Malaysian Subsidiaries. While Michael’s complaint of
minority oppression looked at in isolation may seem more a familial matter
than a corporate one, when it is seen in the context of how Ernst and Patrick
also used the AH Report to justify depriving Serene and Michael of their cars
and to improve their own positions, the impression changes.

(2) Increase in remuneration for Ernest and Patrick

86 In the light of how they treated Michael, the contrast with how Ernest and
Patrick adjusted their own remuneration after the AH Report is telling. Quite
apart from whether Michael’s salary in the Malaysian Subsidiaries was fairly
reduced, Ernest and Patrick saw it fit to procure resolutions from the MDI
board to (i) peg their own remuneration in MDI as executive directors at the
65th percentile, thereby increasing their remuneration; and (ii) promote
Patrick to deputy managing director of MDI to effectively justify Patrick’s
remuneration. Ernest was to receive a 14% increment from $777,216 to $887,624
per annum while Patrick was to receive an 18% increment from $585,216 to
$693,079 per annum. This was despite the fact that Patrick’s remuneration,
like Michael’s, had been assessed to be “significantly above market median”
and Ernest’s remuneration package was “at market median”. These levels of
remuneration were eventually approved by the majority of the shareholders at
MDI’s 50th AGM on 23 September 2013.

87 There has been no reasonable explanation to justify why the 65th percentile
was adopted for executive directors while the 50th percentile was adopted for
non-executive directors. Ernest’s explanation for the uplift, which was that
it was implemented to take into account any possible increase in the
recommended salaries from the 2011 date of compilation of the data for the AH
Report, would, presumably, also be applicable to the salaries of non-executive
directors. This reasoning was disputed at MDI’s board meeting on 17 April 2014
where Michael pointed out that the AH Report had already aged the data to 2012
with a projected increase of salary of 4.4% and the figures were not as
outdated as represented in the previous board meeting in March 2013.

88 Further, Ernest and Patrick also rejected AH’s recommendation that MDI
should adopt the market median pay mix by allocating a larger part of their
remuneration to the variable pay component with the explanation that MDI
should “keep to its philosophy in paying its Executive Directors fixed income
and bonuses instead of shifting to largely variable pay” and that having large
variable bonuses could encourage them to take higher risks. The ratio of
variable pay to fixed pay in the market median pay mix was 49.1% to 50.9% for
Ernest, while his pay mix ratio was 6.8% to 93.2%. For Patrick, the market
ratio was 35.3% to 64.7% while his pay mix ratio was the same as Ernest at
6.8% to 93.2%.

(3) Inconsistent treatment of siblings’ benefits

89 As for the complaint regarding the removal of Serene’s and Michael’s car
benefits as directors of MDI, the removal would not amount to commercially
unfair conduct per se as it does not affect the plaintiffs qua shareholders of
MDI and it is undisputed that AH observed that it was uncommon for non-
executive directors to enjoy car benefits. But the observations made by AH
were not implemented across the board. Although AH had mentioned that it was
also uncommon for executive directors to enjoy holiday benefits and that it
was even less common for their spouses to enjoy such benefits, Ernest and
Patrick saw fit to cherry-pick AH’s comments and remove only the plaintiffs’
car benefits while retaining the holiday benefits for themselves and their
spouses. Ernest’s justification for retaining these holiday benefits, ie, that
it was a practice that they “had been doing … for many years” and that it was
meant to force the directors to “take leave by having this holiday … to compel
them to take a break” so that the directors can be “compensated for the leave
that they [did not] take” is entirely self-serving and internally
inconsistent.

90 I am of the view that Ernest’s and Patrick’s conduct in using the AH Report
selectively to benefit (or continue to benefit) themselves while using their
power as directors and shareholders to deprive the plaintiffs of long-enjoyed
benefits, and in the case of Michael, substantially so, was commercially
unfair and oppressive. The plaintiffs, being shareholders who disagreed with
certain actions of the majority shareholders, were in effect punished for
their disagreement by losing benefits that had never been previously
questioned.

Performance bonuses in 2010

91 In 2010, Ernest and Patrick sought to procure the declaration of
performance bonuses amounting to $1m each to themselves. The purpose of these
bonuses was to reimburse them for the legal fees they had paid in relation to
the legal proceedings in 2008.

92 The fact that Wendy and Michael had previously signed off on the board
resolution approving the performance bonuses is not a strict bar to the
plaintiffs later raising concerns about the matter. The Court of Appeal found
in Over & Over Ltd v Bonvests Holdings Ltd and another [2010] 2 SLR 776 (at
[103] and [105]) that a share transfer which the minority had previously
consented to was actually oppressive. In Low Peng Boon v Low Janie and others
and other appeals [1991] 1 SLR(R) 337 (at [30]–[31]), although the minority
did not take issue with certain practices of the majority for many years and
had not immediately initiated legal proceedings complaining of unfair
treatment, it was held that this did not preclude the minority from
subsequently mounting the complaints and did not militate against a finding
that the minority was oppressed.

93 However, in this case, it cannot be disputed that the plaintiffs were all
well aware of the purpose of the performance bonus before the board meeting on
27 August 2010 at which the resolution was passed. Ernest and Patrick had told
them at a family meeting in mid-2010 that bonuses would be declared to defray
the legal expenses. Ernest and Patrick admitted during cross-examination that
the performance bonuses were declared to defray the family’s share of the
legal costs of the proceedings brought by Mr Thio and that they were merely
relying on the form of the resolution which stated that the bonuses were to
reward them for the company’s great financial performance. Since the
plaintiffs had all along been aware of the reason for the performance bonuses
and had in fact knowingly facilitated them, it does not lie now in their
mouths to complain about Ernest’s and Patrick’s “deliberate obfuscation and
lack of transparency”. While it cannot be good corporate practice for
directors to take money from the company to fund personal litigation, I am not
willing to stigmatise this particular action as constituting commercial
unfairness since all the plaintiffs were complicit in it.

94 To the extent that this pretext of performance bonuses was discriminating
against Mr Thio and was in furtherance of Patrick’s and Ernest’s personal
vendetta to injure Mr Thio (as the plaintiffs plead), the plaintiffs have no
standing to complain of oppression on behalf of Mr Thio. Further, the
contemporaneous evidence does not indicate any objection by the plaintiffs at
the material time. Their only question was as to the mode of payment, ie,
whether it should have been by way of a performance bonus or dividends. In any
event, the plaintiffs did not seem to mind that funds to defray their legal
fees would come from MDI probably because in the ultimate analysis they
benefitted from this to the same extent as the defendants did.

95 The plaintiffs have couched this issue as reflecting the manner in which
Ernest and Patrick had run the Group and that is borne out by the detriment
suffered by Mr Thio who would not have known that the true purpose of an
ostensible bonus was to make MDI pay the legal fees his children had incurred
in fighting him. However, their submission that the “detriment suffered by [Mr
Thio] illustrates Ernest’s and Patrick’s willingness to act in detriment to a
minority shareholder (such as [Mr Thio]) while benefitting the other
shareholders that were at that point aligned with them” contradicts their
position that they are not seeking to complain of oppression on behalf of Mr
Thio.

96 Nonetheless, the fact that Ernest and Patrick proposed the declaration of
such bonuses to pay off what in effect were personal expenses of the Thio
family members incurred in the legal proceedings brought by Mr Thio and had no
qualms in arguing that they were justified in doing so based on the form of
the performance bonuses demonstrated a knack on the part of the two brothers
of bending corporate practices to suit their purposes.

97 As I stated above at [56], the issue of the backdated emoluments from the
Malaysian Subsidiaries is not a live one. It is clear, however, that Ernest’s
and Patrick’s conduct regarding those proposals was objectionable and showed a
tendency to believe that they were entitled to special rewards and to take
action to make good on the entitlement. Initially, they characterised the
payments as bonuses but they re-characterised the same as backdated emoluments
after Michael raised queries as to the basis for the bonus. Ernest even
admitted in court that they had done so to come up with a better justification
for payments that they wanted to be made.

Delay in providing information

98 I turn to the plaintiffs’ complaint regarding their rights to information.
The plaintiffs submit that Ernest and Patrick did not take their rights to
information as directors seriously, and dictated what information and
documents would be available to them and cite four instances of this:

(a) Ernest’s and Patrick’s deliberate withholding of information relating to
the FH Reports;

(b) Ernest’s and Patrick’s deliberate withholding of information relating to
the sale of Unit 07-03;

(c) A delay of about seven to eight working days in fulfilling Serene’s
request for three categories of documents on 23 March 2012;

(d) A delay of slightly more than a year in fulfilling Serene’s broad request
for information relating to the remuneration, increments and benefits given to
directors in MDI in August 2012.

99 The denial of access to company documents may fall within the general
rubric of oppressive conduct: Re Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd; Kumagai
Gumi Co Ltd v Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd and others [1994] 2 SLR(R)
970 at [94]. The concealment of information would only be wrongful in a
minority oppression claim if the minority shareholders had a legitimate
expectation of receiving such information and the information had been hidden
with an improper purpose (Ng Sing King and others v PSA International Pte Ltd
and others [2005] 2 SLR(R) 56 (“Ng Sing King”) at [102]). In Ng Sing King, MPH
Rubin J held that the minority shareholders (holding directorships) did not
have a legitimate expectation to receive information about negotiations to
form an alliance with a rival company, and that there was no proof of an
improper collateral motive. If however, there was an “understanding between
the shareholders that they were entitled to a reasonable flow of management
information concerning the company”, equitable considerations underlying the
relationship among the shareholders would render the denial of such
information commercially unfair as a failure to comply with such expectation
(see Lian Hwee Choo at [64], citing Re Regional Airports [1999] 2 BCLC 30).

100 I first deal with the third and fourth complaint concerning Serene’s
requests for information. These requests were made to MDI’s company secretary,
Alfred Lim. The third complaint is a non-starter. Serene e-mailed Alfred Lim
to ask for:

(a) any reports from FH regarding Mr Thio;

(b) documents relating to the payment of the performance bonuses to Ernest and
Patrick; and

(c) documents relating to the appointment of Ernest as MDI’s representative on
the boards of the Malaysian Subsidiaries to “verify certain matters raised at
pervious directors’ meetings”.

Serene made her request on a Friday and wanted the documents to be ready for
her collection, or e-mailed to her, by the following Monday. These documents
were eventually e-mailed to Serene within eight working days. Considering that
(a) the delay, if any, was not more than a few days; (b) Serene could not
articulate the prejudice or harm she suffered by this delay; and (c) Serene
was upset by the “manner” in which Alfred Lim had treated her, and this
unhappiness resulted in her later proposal that he be removed as company
secretary, the third complaint cannot amount to a denial of information that
would constitute an episode of minority oppression.

101 The fourth complaint concerns Serene’s request for more information
between August and September 2012. Serene made a broad request for information
relating to the remuneration, increments and benefits given to directors of
MDI. She admits that she was in fact “fishing for information” to find out if
any improper claims had been made, the context being that “after what happened
to the performance bonus and the backdated emoluments, [she had] concerns, and
that’s why [she] want[ed]” all this information that also extended to expense
claims, profit sharing, bonuses and credit card bills charged to the company.
In addition, it is undisputed that there was no denial of any information, but
it was the “way” and the “timing” and how it “[took] so long” that made Serene
unhappy. I am of the view that this complaint is without substance:

(a) in the event, Serene was not denied any information;

(b) no evidence of any collateral motive to conceal information has been
adduced;

(c) Serene’s requests in this regard were broad and vague with the admitted
purpose of fishing for information to indicate any wrongdoing; and

(d) the information requested was not part of a “reasonable flow of management
information” that shareholders could legitimately expect but was over and
beyond that. Further, it would be unwise to find that mere delay in providing
information that a shareholder is presumably entitled to and has legitimate
expectations to receive (without any improper motive to conceal information or
any evidence of prejudice or harm caused) can constitute commercial unfairness
under s 216 of the Companies Act.

102 Similarly, I do not find that the FH Reports and the information relating
to the sale of Unit 07-03 (which are the first and second complaints) were
wrongfully withheld from the plaintiffs to the extent that such withholding
amounted to minority oppression. The withholding of the 2011 and 2012 FH
Reports by Ernest and Patrick for the reason that they were concerned that
doing so would “jeopardise the … company’s claim” was not an improper purpose
per se. As for the “withholding” of information relating to Unit 07-03, I have
explained above that the circumstances of the sale do not point to
commercially unfair conduct.

103 As such, the plaintiffs’ complaints regarding denial of information do not
pass muster.

Mdm Kwik’s involvement

104 Lastly, in relation to the acts discussed above that I have found
oppressive or at least to have pointed to some unfair or discriminatory
conduct, the plaintiffs have not established that Mdm Kwik was involved at all
in these acts or that she acted oppressively. I point out in this regard:

(a) Mdm Kwik was not involved in Patrick’s and Ernest’s refusal to accept
Serene’s standing offer to repay the sums that Mr Thio had wrongly taken;

(b) Wendy conceded in cross-examination that Mdm Kwik was not involved in the
declaration of the 2010 performance bonuses, and no evidence was led on how
Mdm Kwik contributed to this act of alleged oppression;

(c) The complaints involving the denial of information to the plaintiffs do
not relate to Mdm Kwik’s conduct; further, she was not asked for information
nor did she refuse to give any information;

(d) Mdm Kwik was not involved in the decisions as to how the AH Report was to
be applied;

(e) Mdm Kwik was not involved in procuring the sale of Unit 07-03 (and had
only signed off on a director’s resolution to approve the sale); and

(f) Mdm Kwik was not a director of the Malaysian Subsidiaries and was not
involved in the decisions at that level concerning the backdated emoluments.
When the matter came before the MDI board, Mdm Kwik voted in favour of the
resolutions. She testified that this was because she was persuaded by Mr Lim’s
explanation that these payments were justified. She cannot be faulted for
taking this decision. There is no evidence to justify a finding that she
supported Ernest and Patrick blindly and at their request, much though the
plaintiffs would like me to hold otherwise.

105 It is unquestionable that the plaintiffs’ unhappiness is really with
Ernest and Patrick. Mdm Kwik has been dragged into the dispute simply because
she thinks that they have been leading the Group well and is inclined to
support them when it comes to a dispute with their siblings. She is entitled
to have a view on the management of the Group and cannot be criticised for
thinking that as they are more experienced in management, their views have
more force especially when they are supported by old-timers like Mr Lim. It is
not enough for the plaintiffs to baldly and vaguely assert that Mdm Kwik had
“supported” Ernest and Patrick to make out a case of oppression against Mdm
Kwik. One thing came across very clearly when Mdm Kwik gave evidence and that
is that she loves all her children and wishes they could live harmoniously
with each other. Her aim was to ensure all were looked after and she took
action to achieve this goal. If she supported one side against another it was
not with the object of favouring that side but because it seemed to her to be
the best course.

106 In their submissions (as well as the discussion above), it is clear that
alleged acts of oppression all emanate from the conduct of Ernest and Patrick.
The plaintiffs’ reliance on the New South Wales case of Fexuto Pty Ltd v
Bosnjak Holdings Pty Ltd (1998) 28 ACSR 688 (“Fexuto”), a decision that was
affirmed on appeal, is misconceived. The plaintiffs claim that Mdm Kwik played
“a key role in the oppression … by virtue of her support for Ernest’s and
Patrick’s actions, ‘sink or swim’” [emphasis in original]. They cite Fexuto
for the proposition that a participant who goes along with the principal actor
or even a bystander may be found liable in an oppression action, relying on
the following passage at 746 of Fexuto:

However, with the other categories of oppression found, even though Jim was
the principal actor, Carol was either a participant or stood back with
knowledge and there is no reason why she should not be in the same plight as
Jim.

107 Mdm Kwik’s involvement in the oppressive activities here, however, bears
no comparison with that of Carol in Fexuto. As stated above, Mdm Kwik was not
involved in the acts of oppression found to have been perpetuated by Ernest
and Patrick. On the other hand, Carol had been an active participant in the
various activities that prejudiced the plaintiff and was hence directly
involved. She was thus a participant in the oppressive acts complained of. The
position here is vastly different. Mdm Kwik’s comment about supporting Ernest
and Patrick “sink or swim” which the plaintiffs played up was taken out of
context and did not mean what the plaintiffs implied. In any case, those were
only words – there were no actions on which the plaintiffs could build a case.

108 The plaintiffs’ case against Mdm Kwik is unmeritorious. It was not
reasonable for them to pursue such allegations against Mdm Kwik considering
the lack of foundation in the documentary evidence supporting such involvement
and the fact that their claim against her is at most thin and, in some
respects, far-fetched: Tan Chin Yew Joseph v Saxo Capital Markets Pte Ltd
[2013] SGHC 274 at [99].

Conclusion

Ernest and Patrick were oppressive in MDI

109 In conclusion, only the claim of minority oppression against Ernest and
Patrick in respect of the affairs of MDI has been made out in the following
respects:

(a) their use of MDI to further their personal pursuit of Mr Thio when the
matter could have been could have been settled by accepting Serene’s offer to
make compensation for the sums claimed against Mr Thio;

(b) their conduct in using the AH Report selectively to justify increasing
their remuneration and at the same time to drastically reduce Michael’s
remuneration and take away long established benefits for non-executive
directors while simultaneously refusing to implement comments that would have
taken away their own benefits; and

(c) perhaps to a lesser extent, their engineering of the situation where they
would have received unjustifiable backdated emoluments from the Malaysian
Subsidiaries had they not renounced the payments at the last minute.

Appropriate relief

110 The plaintiffs seek orders that:

(a) the defendants buy out the plaintiffs’ shareholdings in THPL, MDI and URL
at a price to be determined by an independent valuer pursuant to s 216 of the
Companies Act; or

(b) that the companies be wound up pursuant to s 254 of the Companies Act.

111 In view of my findings, the remedies asked for can only be considered with
respect to MDI. In my judgment, the second option is not justified. Although
the plaintiffs have made out a claim of oppression in relation to Ernest’s and
Patrick’s conduct with regard to the affairs of MDI, the plaintiffs have not
“justifiably lost confidence in the management of the company” (see Chow Kwok
Chuen at [18]). The recourse of a winding-up order is not available to a
minority shareholder merely because he does not see eye to eye with the
majority; caution is exercised before this remedy is imposed (Chow Kwok Chuen
at [19]). This drastic remedy is not appropriate in the present case where the
gravity of the case does not extend to serious mismanagement or defalcation of
company funds or breaches of fiduciary duties. It is of vital importance when
considering this remedy that MDI is still a going concern, with an active and
competent management so that the company continues to grow and enjoy profits.

112 Considering the breakdown of goodwill and trust among the parties with
their correspondence being increasingly antagonistic and aggressive, it is
obvious that the relationships have unravelled irretrievably. As such, it
would not be right for the plaintiffs to remain tied up in MDI. I consider
that the appropriate relief would be an order for Ernest and Patrick to buy
out the plaintiffs’ shareholdings in MDI at a price to be determined by an
independent valuer on the basis that MDI is a going concern. The date of the
buyout order should be the reference date for the valuation of the plaintiffs’
shares by the independent valuer.

Orders

113 For the reasons given above, I grant the plaintiffs judgment against the
first and second defendant in respect of their claim in relation to MDI. I
dismiss the plaintiffs’ claims against the third defendant. As the plaintiffs
had no reasonable basis to sue the third defendant, I order them to pay her
costs on the indemnity basis as taxed or agreed. As regards costs in respect
of the plaintiffs’ claims against the other defendants, as they have not been
wholly successful and, indeed, have failed in relation to URL and THPL, I will
hear the parties on costs.

114 I order the first and second defendants to buy out the plaintiffs’
respective shares in MDI on the basis of a share price to be determined by an
independent valuer who shall value the company as of the date hereof as a
going concern. The valuer shall be appointed within one month of the date
hereof. If the parties cannot agree on a valuer and the length of time needed
for the valuation exercise, they shall apply to the court to decide on the
valuer and the time period. The costs of the valuation exercise shall be borne
by the first and second defendants. The parties shall be at liberty to apply
for directions in case any are needed in regard to the valuation and the sale.

Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal

Alvin Yeo SC, Joy Tan, Liew Yik Wee, Ho Wei Jie and Rich Seet (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Ang Cheng Hock SC, Jason Chan, Paul Ong and Melissa Mak  
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first and second defendants;  
N Sreenivasan SC (Straits Law Practice LLC) (instructed) and  
Paul Seah, Keith Tnee, Alcina Chew and Rachel Chin  
(Tan Kok Quan Partnership) (on record) for the third defendant;  
Siraj Omar and Joanna Chew (Premier Law LLC)  
for the fourth to sixth defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

