Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 47

Civil Appeal No 180 of 2016

Between

CHEONG KOK LEONG

… Appellant

And

CHEONG WOON WENG

… Respondent

In the matter of Suit No 1007 of 2015

Between

CHEONG WOON WENG

… Plaintiff

And

CHEONG KOK LEONG

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Formalities]

[Contract] — [Illegality and public policy]

[Land] — [Interest in land]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cheong Kok Leong

  
v

  

Cheong Woon Weng

[2017] SGCA 47

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 180 of 2016  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
2 August 2017

15 August 2017

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in Cheong Woon Weng v Cheong Kok Leong [2016] SGHC 263 (“the
Judgment”). In essence, the Judge: (a) found that the Appellant held a private
property registered in his name (“the Property”) on trust for the Respondent
in equal shares with the Appellant, pursuant to an oral agreement (“the Oral
Agreement”) and related written agreements between them; and (b) dismissed the
Appellant’s counterclaim for the return of monies that he had allegedly
advanced to the Respondent. The Judge also found that a sum of $200,000, which
the Appellant had received from the Respondent and applied to the purchase of
the Property, was an investment (as claimed by the Respondent), and not a loan
(as claimed by the Appellant). This entitled the Respondent to a half-share of
the Property as a tenant-in-common, a half-share of the net rental proceeds
from the Property, and a half-share of the net sale proceeds of the Property.

2 After carefully considering the parties’ submissions, we agreed wholly with
the decision of, and the reasons given by, the Judge in the Judgment in
granting the Respondent’s claim for an interest in the Property as well as in
dismissing the Appellant’s counterclaim. We also rejected the new arguments
raised by the Appellant on appeal, which were as follows:

(a) first, that there was no admissible evidence to establish the Respondent’s
alleged interest in the Property because the Oral Agreement was not evidenced
in writing and a related written agreement titled “Collateral Agreement” had
not been stamped;

(b) second, that the Oral Agreement was in any event void for illegality
and/or breach of public policy because the Respondent had been the owner of a
Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat at the time when he entered into
the Oral Agreement, and the Oral Agreement had accordingly been made to
circumvent the prohibition on the concurrent ownership of private property and
a HDB flat; and

(c) third, that the Collateral Agreement, which he had signed, was invalid
because he had been labouring under a unilateral mistake as to its effect.

3 We therefore dismissed the appeal with costs. In these grounds of decision,
we elaborate on why we rejected the new arguments that were raised by the
Appellant on appeal.

Admissibility of the Oral Agreement and the Collateral Agreement

4 Turning to the first new argument, the Appellant submitted that the Oral
Agreement pursuant to which the Respondent had an interest in the Property was
inadmissible under ss 6(d) and 7(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“the CLA”). In addition, it was submitted that the Collateral Agreement was
inadmissible because it was an instrument chargeable with stamp duty that had
not been stamped under the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SDA”).

5 In our view, s 6(d) of the CLA (“s 6(d)”) did not preclude the Respondent
from bringing the present action on the Oral Agreement. The provision itself
reads as follows:

Contracts which must be evidenced in writing

6. No action shall be brought against —

…

(d) any person upon any contract for the sale or other disposition of
immovable property, or any interest in such property;

…

unless the promise or agreement upon which such action is brought, or some
memorandum or note thereof, is in writing and signed by the party to be
charged therewith or some other person lawfully authorised by him.

6 What s 6(d) regulates is a “contract for the sale or other disposition of
immovable property, or any interest in such property” [emphasis added]. Given
the fact that the Oral Agreement appeared to have been concluded even before
the Appellant purchased the Property as well as the nature of (and the
circumstances under which) this agreement had been concluded, there might have
been a possible issue as to whether or not s 6(d) was applicable in the first
place. However, it was unnecessary for us to decide this particular issue. Let
us elaborate.

7 Even assuming that the Oral Agreement was a contract for the “sale or other
disposition” of an interest in the Property within the meaning of s 6(d), this
provision requires only that such a contract be evidenced in writing, while
the contract itself need not be in writing. We agree with the observations in
Tham Chee Ho and Goh Yihan, “Formalities and the Effect of Non-compliance” in
The Law of Contract in Singapore (Academy Publishing, 2012) ch 8 at para
08.058, citing Christina Lee (mw) v Eunice Lee (f) and Another [1992] SGHC 32
(affirmed in Lee Christina v Lee Eunice and another (executors of the estate
of Lee Teck Soon, deceased) [1993] 2 SLR(R) 644):

In order to satisfy section 4 of the English Statute of Frauds 1677 [which
corresponds with s 6(d)], it is clear that the contract itself need not be in
writing. Mere written evidence of the contract in a memorandum (or series of
memoranda) is sufficient. However, as a rule, the writing(s) relied on to
satisfy the Act must contain all the terms of the parties’ agreement. In the
context of a contract for the sale or other disposition of immovable property
or any interest in such property, the memorandum must specify the parties, the
property, the price plus any other provisions. [emphasis in original]

In so far as the Oral Agreement was a contract for the “sale or other
disposition” of an interest in the Property, we were of the view that the
Collateral Agreement – which was signed by the Appellant and which specified
the identity of the parties, the share of the Respondent in the Property, and
the consideration paid by the Respondent for such a share – constituted a
sufficient memorandum of the Oral Agreement for the purposes of s 6(d). We
reproduce the terms of the Collateral Agreement, as follows:

This acknowledgement is collateral to the memorandum of loan dated 28/7/2000
signed by Cheong Kok Leong [ie, the Appellant] in favour of Cheong Woon Weng
[ie, the Respondent], whereby Cheong Kok Leong acknowledges a contribution of
S$200,000 towards the purchase price of the Property known as Blk 47 Hillview
Avenue, #08-04 Hillington Green, Singapore (hereinafter called “the
Property”).

In consideration of the said contribution, the parties hereto acknowledge that
Cheong Woon Weng has a share in the Property in the proportion of the amount
of the contribution vis-à-vis the purchase price of $880,440.00.

In the event that the Property is sold, Cheong Woon Weng shall be entitled to
half a share in the net profits (ie profits less taxes, interest, reasonable
expenses etc), or loss, as the case may be.

Cheong Kok Leong shall not sell the property unless Cheong Woon Weng has
agreed, in writing that he agrees with the sale at the price agreed.

This share in the Property is not in addition to Cheong Woon Weng’s right to
repayment of his contribution towards the purchase price.

Dated this the 28 day of July 2000

\-----------------------------------

Signed by Cheong Kok Leong

\-----------------------------------

Signed by Cheong Woon Weng

[emphasis added]

8 In any event, equity allows a valid contract to be enforced by a party who
has partly performed it, and s 6(d) did not abolish this doctrine of part
performance in relation to contracts in respect of land (see the decision of
this court in Joseph Mathew and another v Singh Chiranjeev and another [2010]
1 SLR 338 at [61] and [63]). The Respondent had in fact partly performed the
Oral Agreement by advancing $200,000 to the Appellant and could therefore
enforce it.

9 Accordingly, s 6(d) did not prevent the Respondent from enforcing the Oral
Agreement.

10 We turn now to s 7(2) of the CLA (“s 7(2)”), which requires that a
disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the time of the
disposition “itself must be in writing, not merely evidenced by signed
writing” (see the recent Singapore High Court decision of Tan Kim Heng v Tan
Kim Li [2017] SGHC 177 (“Tan Kim Heng”) at [38] citing Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang
Wu & Kelvin FK Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“Tan Sook Yee”) at para 5.9). Section 7 of the CLA
reads as follows:

Trusts respecting immovable property and disposition of equitable interest

7.—(1) A declaration of trust respecting any immovable property or any
interest in such property must be manifested and proved by some writing signed
by some person who is able to declare such trust or by his will.

(2) A disposition of an equitable interest or trust subsisting at the time of
the disposition must be in writing signed by the person disposing of the same
or by his agent lawfully authorised in writing or by will.

(3) This section does not affect the creation or operation of resulting,
implied or constructive trusts.

11 Given the nature of (as well as the circumstances under which) the Oral
Agreement had been concluded, there might have been a possible issue as to
whether or not s 7(2) was applicable in the first place. However, it was
unnecessary for us to decide this particular issue. Let us elaborate.

12 It is clear that s 7(2) “does not affect the creation or operation of
resulting, implied or constructive trusts” (see s 7(3) of the CLA (“s 7(3)”)).
Although the Judge made no mention of the type of trust on which the Appellant
held the Property for the Respondent, based on the totality of the evidence,
we were of the view that a constructive trust had arisen by virtue of the
common intention of the parties, which intention the Respondent had relied
upon in advancing the sum of $200,000 to the Appellant (see the decision of
this court in Chan Yuen Lan v See Fong Mun [2014] 3 SLR 1048 at [97] citing
the decision (also) of this court in Tan Thiam Loke v Woon Swee Kheng
Christina [1991] 2 SLR(R) 595 at [18]). Alternatively, a constructive trust
could also have arisen by virtue of the fact that the Property was a joint
venture acquisition pursuant to the Oral Agreement, which contemplated that
the Appellant would take steps to acquire the Property and that if he did so,
the Respondent would acquire an interest in the Property (see Tan Sook Yee at
paras 7.52–7.54, citing the Singapore High Court decision of Ong Heng Chuan
and another v Ong Boon Chuan and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 469, which endorsed
the applicability of the English High Court decision of Pallant v Morgan
[1952] Ch 43 in Singapore). In this regard, we noted that the Appellant denied
only that a resulting trust had arisen in light of the written document titled
“Memorandum of Loan” that described the $200,000 advancement as a “loan”, and
had made no submission that a constructive trust could not have arisen.
Accordingly, s 7(3) entitled the Respondent to enforce the trust created by
the Oral Agreement notwithstanding any lack of writing signed by the
Appellant.

13 In any event, as observed by Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) in the
Singapore High Court decision of Re Estate of Tan Kow Qwee (alias Tan Kow
Kwee) [2007] 2 SLR(R) 417 at [15] (which was followed by the Singapore High
Court in Tan Kim Heng at [40]), equity will not allow s 7(2) to be used as an
instrument of fraud, and to mitigate the rigour of the requirement of writing,
the courts have invariably taken a pragmatic approach in recognising the
applicability of the doctrine of part performance. Given the advancement of
$200,000 by the Respondent, which advancement the Appellant accepted pursuant
to the Oral Agreement, equity operated, in our view, to enforce the trust that
had been created in favour of the Respondent.

14 Accordingly, we found that the Oral Agreement was admissible to prove, and
did in fact establish, the Respondent’s interest in the Property. As a result,
there was no need for us to consider the argument by the Appellant that the
Collateral Agreement could not be admitted as evidence because it was an
instrument chargeable with stamp duty that had not been stamped pursuant to ss
52(1) and 4 read with paras 3 and 4 of the First Schedule of the SDA.
Nevertheless, and in any event, s 52(2) of the SDA provides for an unstamped
instrument chargeable with stamp duty to “be admitted in evidence on payment
of the duty and the penalty, if any, chargeable in respect thereof”. Hence,
once the requisite stamp duty (and any applicable penalty) has been paid on
the Collateral Agreement, it would become admissible. The Appellant offered no
reason to the contrary, beyond a mere assertion that the payment of the stamp
duty “has not been done to-date, and the Court should not allow the Respondent
to circumvent the statute”. Given the belatedness with which the Appellant
took the objection as to the admissibility of the Collateral Agreement, we
would have been minded to give the Respondent an opportunity to make good any
deficiency in the stamping of the Collateral Agreement. But in light of our
finding that the Oral Agreement sufficed to establish the Respondent’s
interest in the Property, there was no need to so.

Illegality

15 Turning next to the issue of alleged illegality, the Appellant took the
position in this regard that the Oral Agreement as well as the Collateral
Agreement were void and unenforceable for illegality because: (a) they had
been “entered into with the illegal object of circumventing HDB’s concurrent
ownership prohibition”; (b) the Respondent “[could not] establish title to the
Property without relying on his illegality”; and (c) further or in the
alternative, “it [was] a proportionate response to declare both agreements
void and unenforceable”.

16 We were unable to accept these arguments. Let us elaborate.

17 The only express restriction on the concurrent ownership of a HDB flat and
private property (“Concurrent Ownership”) is found in s 47 of the Housing and
Development Act (Cap 129, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the HDA”), which restricts the
entitlement of a person who has an (existing or recent) interest in private
property to subsequently purchase a HDB flat. However, as Steven Chong J (as
he then was) observed in the Singapore High Court decision of Teo Ai Hua
(alias Teo Jimmy) and another v Teo Mui [2011] 3 SLR 935 (“Teo Ai Hua”) at
[27], which decision was affirmed by the Court of Appeal, s 47(1) of the HDA
“does not expressly provide that it is illegal for an HDB flat owner to own a
share in a private property”. We set out s 47 of the HDA, as follows:

Restrictions as to purchase

47.—(1) No person shall be entitled to purchase any flat, house or other
living accommodation sold subject to the provisions of this Part if such
person, his spouse or any authorised occupier —

(a) is the owner of any other flat, house, building or land or has an estate
or interest therein; or

(b) has, at any time within 30 months immediately prior to the date of making
an application to the Board to purchase the same, or between the date of such
application and the date of completion of the purchase of the flat, house or
other living accommodation, sold any flat, house, building or land of which he
was the owner, or divested himself of any interest therein.

…

(2A) The Board shall on discovery of such a purchase —

(a) serve a written notice upon the purchaser of the flat, house or other
living accommodation of its intention to lodge with the Registrar of Deeds or
the Registrar of Titles, as the case may be, an instrument under subsection
(3) for the vesting in the Board of the title to or the estate or interest in
that flat, house or other living accommodation; or

…

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

18 The Appellant framed his arguments with respect to the alleged illegality
of Concurrent Ownership by claiming that the Respondent had “prevent[ed] HDB
from exercising its discretion to compulsorily acquire a HDB flat owned by a
person who has acquired another property” under s 56(1)(b) of the HDA because
he had “conceal[ed] his ownership [of the Property] by way of a beneficial
interest in an unstamped agreement”. Section 56(1)(b) of the HDA itself reads
as follows:

Board may compulsorily acquire property sold subject to the provisions of this
Part

56.—(1) The Board may compulsorily acquire any flat, house or other living
accommodation sold subject to the provisions of this Part, whether before or
after 2nd June 1975 —

…

(b) if the owner thereof, his spouse or any authorised occupier has at any
time, whether before or after 2nd June 1975, acquired whether by operation of
law or otherwise any title to or an estate or interest in any other flat,
house or building or land;

…

[emphasis added]

19 It is difficult to see how the act of merely complicating the efforts of
the HDB to compulsorily acquire a HDB flat owned by a person who has
subsequently acquired another private property can be illegal. The HDA does
not prohibit an (existing) owner of a HDB flat from subsequently acquiring an
interest in a private property. Rather, an individual who owns or acquires an
interest in a private property is, under the HDA (and the relevant rules made
thereunder), constrained only in his ability thereafter to purchase or retain
his interest in a HDB flat. In other words, the illegality in Concurrent
Ownership (if any) attaches not to the ownership of the private property but
to the subsequent acquisition or retention of the interest in the HDB flat.
This conclusion is reinforced by the scope of the powers of the HDB under ss
47 and 56 of the HDA. Under ss 47(3) and 56(1), respectively, of the HDA, the
powers of the HDB in situations of Concurrent Ownership are limited to the
vesting in itself or compulsorily acquiring the HDB flat that has been
acquired or retained by the individual. At no time do the powers of the HDB
extend to the private property as well. Further, we were of the view that the
position on the legality or illegality of Concurrent Ownership should be the
same, regardless of the sequence in which the HDB flat and the private
property was acquired. As a matter of principle, whether or not a contract is
held to be unenforceable on the ground that it is illegal or contrary to
public policy should not depend on the characterisation of the illegality (see
the decision of this court in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo and another [2014]
3 SLR 609 (“Ting Siew May”) at [31]).

20 In any event, there was no need for the Respondent to rely on his ownership
of the HDB flat to enforce the trust in his favour with respect to the
Property against the Appellant. Even if it was illegal for the Respondent to
retain his HDB flat when he acquired his interest in the Property, there was
no illegality with respect to the Property. The trust in his favour in
relation to the Property arose from the parties’ common intention (see [12]
above). It followed that the alleged illegality did not preclude the
declaration of the trust in favour of the Respondent.

21 It also bears mention that the Respondent was seeking to enforce his claim
in respect of the Property and not his HDB flat. His purpose in registering
the Appellant as the sole owner of the Property was distinct from the parties’
common intention for him to have a half-share of the Property. Consequently,
the trust arising from such common intention and which grounded the
Respondent’s cause of action remained untainted by the illegality.

22 In this regard, we agree with and endorse the observations in Teo Ai Hua at
[33], where Chong J rejected an argument by the defendant that the retention
by the second plaintiff of an interest in a private property after he had
purchased a build-to-order (“BTO”) HDB flat was void for illegality:

… once the second plaintiff acquired a beneficial interest in the [private]
Property, he is not eligible to hold any interest in his BTO flat. However,
that is not the issue before me in this case. The resulting trust in this case
is with respect to the Property, and not the second plaintiff’s BTO flat.
Hence, it follows that the resulting trust arising in favour of the second
plaintiff is neither illegal nor contrary to the policy considerations of the
HDA. [emphasis added]

23 Finally, we rejected any implication of common law illegality in so far as
the Appellant suggested that the parties had entered into the Oral Agreement
with the intention of committing an illegal act (see generally Ting Siew May).
This was not pleaded by the Appellant. Moreover, there was no evidence before
us of such an intention to begin with.

Unilateral mistake

24 Given our affirmation of the findings of the Judge as to the existence and
effect of the Oral Agreement, the question as to whether the Appellant had
been labouring under a unilateral mistake as to the effect of the Collateral
Agreement did not arise for decision.

Conclusion

25 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the appeal with costs and with
the usual consequential orders.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Paul Tan, Daniel Gaw and David Isidore Tan (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the appellant;  
Loh Kia Meng and Quek Ling Yi (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

