Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 39

Criminal Appeal No 27 of 2016

Between

Pham Duyen Quyen  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pham Duyen Quyen

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGCA 39

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 27 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Judith Prakash JA and Tay Yong Kwang JA  
27 March 2017

19 June 2017

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal was brought by Pham Duyen Quyen (“the Appellant”), a female
Vietnamese, against her conviction and sentence in respect of the following
charge under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”):

That you, PHAM DUYEN QUYEN,

on 23 August 2013 at or about 8.20 a.m., at Arrival Hall of Terminal 3,
Singapore Changi Airport (Airport Boulevard, Singapore), did import a Class A
controlled drug specified in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2008 Rev. Ed) (“the Act”), to wit, two (02) bundles containing
crystalline substances which were pulverised and homogenised into a powdery
substance which was analysed and found to contain not less than 249.99 grams
of Methamphetamine, without any authorization under the said Act or the
Regulations made thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 7 and punishable under section 33(1) of the said Act.

2 After a trial, the Appellant was convicted by the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) and sentenced to 24 years’ imprisonment with effect from the date of
her arrest on 23 August 2013. As she is a woman, s 325(1)(a) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) exempted her from the punishment
of the mandatory 15 strokes of the cane provided for by the MDA.

3 After considering the parties’ arguments, we dismissed the appeal against
conviction and sentence. We now give the reasons for our decision.

Background facts

4 The Appellant is a 25-year-old Vietnamese woman. At the time of her arrest,
she was almost 22 years old. On 23 August 2013, at about 8.20am, an officer
from the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”), Sergeant Muhammad Azim Bin Missuan
(“Sgt Azim”), noticed an unclaimed luggage bag (“the Luggage”) at Belt 47 of
the Arrival Hall of Changi Airport Terminal 3. The Luggage had a tag with
“SQ339403” at the barcodes and “SQ407/22AUG” and “PHAM/DUYENQUYEN MS” printed
on it. Sgt Azim’s suspicions were aroused and he informed two other CNB
officers, Woman Staff Sergeant Wang Jingyi Dawn (“W/SSgt Wang”) and Corporal
Ahmad Badawi Bin Abubakar Bagarib (“Cpl Badawi”) about the Luggage. At about
8.35am, the still unclaimed Luggage was retrieved by a customer service
officer from Singapore Airport Terminal Services (“SATS”) and transferred to
the odd-sized luggage area located between Belts 45 and 46. When the Luggage
was still unclaimed at 9am, Sgt Azim and Cpl Badawi brought it for an X-ray
screening, which was conducted by an inspector from the Immigration &
Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”). The screening revealed anomalies at the long
side panels of the Luggage. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP vol 2 pp 230-231 paras 3-7

5 At about 11.15am, W/SSgt Wang located the Appellant at Transfer Counter E of
Changi Airport Terminal 2. The Appellant was escorted to the ICA Holding Room
at the Arrival Hall of Changi Airport Terminal 3. There, she confirmed that
the Luggage and its contents belonged to her. One of the CNB officers then
opened the Luggage in the Appellant’s presence and emptied the Luggage of its
contents. He pried open the metal casing attached to the left long side panel
of the Luggage and found an aluminium sheathed bundle (“A1A1”) sandwiched
between two wooden planks. He made a small incision in the bundle A1A1 and
took out a sample of its contents. The sample contained a white crystalline
substance which proved to be methamphetamine upon testing. Other CNB officers
subsequently pried open the right long side panel of the Luggage and retrieved
another aluminium sheathed bundle sandwiched between two wooden planks
(“A1B1”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP vol 2 p 232 para 13

6 The contents in bundles A1A1 and A1B1 were analysed by the Health Sciences
Authority and were found to be 5,375g of crystalline substances containing not
less than 3,037g of methamphetamine. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP vol 2 pp 48-49

The street value of the drugs in Singapore was estimated to be about S$1.25m.
4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Transcript 12 November 2015 p 29 lines 22-27 (ROP vol 1)

7 The Appellant was originally charged for a capital offence but the charge
was subsequently amended to the non-capital offence of importing 249.99g of
methamphetamine (see [1] above). The Appellant claimed trial to the charge.

The Appellant’s version of events

8 A total of ten statements were taken from the Appellant, with the aid of
Vietnamese interpreters. These consisted of a contemporaneous statement, a
cautioned statement and eight long statements. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

ROP vol 2 pp 95-149

The Appellant also gave evidence as the only defence witness at trial.

9 According to the Appellant, she had worked in a leather shoe factory in
Vietnam until the company closed down in June 2012. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP vol 2 p 106 para 1 read with Transcript 17 February 2016 p 4 lines 17-20
(ROP vol 1)

During her period of employment, she earned about seven to eight million
Vietnamese Dong (about US$300) 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 5 lines 7-10 (ROP vol 1)

a month, of which she saved about half. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 5 lines 26-31 (ROP vol 1)

After that, she worked in another company for about a month and then left as
she found the job unsuitable. She became unemployed and survived on her
savings and earnings from odd jobs. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP vol 2 p 106 para 1

In the year preceding the Appellant’s arrest, she moved to Cambodia and lived
rent-free with a close friend known as “Heo” together with two other women.
The Appellant did the household chores for Heo and the other women and in
return, Heo gave the Appellant about US$30 to US$50 for daily expenses while
the other women gave her money whenever they had extra funds. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP vol 2 p 118 para 31; p 138 para 65

10 On 19 December 2012, the Appellant travelled to New Delhi, India, for the
first time. She had read on the Internet that the world was going to end on 21
December that year and wanted to visit India before that happened. In New
Delhi, she chanced upon a shop that sold mobile phones and cameras and took a
fancy to an Indian salesman at the shop. The Indian man told her his name but
she could not remember what it was. She also could not remember the name of
the shop.

11 Sometime around early August 2013, the Appellant decided to make a second
trip to New Delhi to go shopping as an early birthday celebration (she was
born on 10 September 1991) and for the “main purpose” of visiting the Indian
salesman whom she fancied. She wanted to find out whether they were fated to
be together. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP vol 2 p 108 para 14; p 117 para 26; p 138 Q1 A1; Transcript 17 February
2016 p 10 line 25-p 11 line 7; 18 February 2016 p 18 lines 25-28 (ROP vol 1)

The return plane tickets for her second trip were booked by her male Cambodian
friend known as “Lun”, although the Appellant paid for the tickets by passing
Lun about US$1,100. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 17 lines 18-19 (ROP vol 1); ROP vol 2 p 118 para
30

These tickets were for travel from Vietnam to New Delhi and back. Before
flying to New Delhi, the Appellant met Lun at the Ho Chi Minh Airport where
she passed him another US$1,300 to “safekeep” as she did not want to bring so
much money with her to New Delhi”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ROP vol 2 p 125 para 38

Just before she arrived in New Delhi on 16 August 2013, she realised that one
of the straps of the backpack she was carrying was broken. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 26 lines 20-21 (ROP vol 1)

12 On that second trip to New Delhi, the Appellant claimed that she met up
with the Indian salesman about three or four times at the shop and purchased
various items from him, including a camera, a camera battery and a pair of
earphones. However, she did not know his name or the exact location of the
shop except that it was within walking distance from where she was staying. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

ROP vol 2 p 109 para 15

13 The Appellant said she brought two mobile phones, a Nokia and a Samsung
Galaxy, to New Delhi. She managed to sell the Samsung Galaxy there. On the
fourth day of that trip in New Delhi, she decided to change her itinerary.
Instead of flying back to Vietnam from New Delhi directly, as originally
planned, she wanted to fly to Laos and then to Cambodia before returning to
Vietnam. According to the Appellant, she wished to go to Laos to visit the
temples and pray for her father (who was suffering from diabetes) and her
deceased grandmother (whose first death anniversary fell in September 2013).
Subsequently, she would head back to Cambodia to pick up her belongings which
she had left at Heo’s house. The Appellant thus contacted Lun and asked him to
help her change her flight plan. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

ROP vol 2 p 125 para 36

Lun managed to do so although she had to pay about US$1,000 in fees for the
flight change from the money that she had passed to Lun for safekeeping at the
Ho Chi Minh airport. Lun informed her that the flight from New Delhi to Laos
involved a transit in Singapore as there was no direct flight from New Delhi
to Laos. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

ROP vol 2 p 125 para 39

Her new travel plan involved flying on Singapore Airlines from New Delhi on 22
August 2013 at 11.25pm for Singapore where she would take a connecting flight
by Lao Airlines to Vientiane the next day at 1.20pm. From Vientiane, she would
fly on Vietnam Airlines on 30 August 2013 for Ho Chi Minh City.

14 At about 5pm on 22 August 2013, the Appellant left in a tuk tuk (three-
wheeled vehicle) for the New Delhi airport. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

ROP vol 2 p 126 para 41; p 109 para 16

On the way to the airport, she realised that the other strap of the backpack
that she was carrying had also broken. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 27 lines 25-26 (ROP vol 1)

She thus asked the tuk tuk driver, by way of hand gestures, to make a detour
so that she could buy a new suitcase. The tuk tuk driver brought her to an
area with many shops selling luggage and clothes. She looked in two or three
shops before buying the Luggage in question for US$39. The Luggage was a soft-
cover type. The Appellant clarified that the shop that she bought the Luggage
from was not introduced to her by the driver or anyone else. She chose the
shop “by chance”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

ROP vol 2 p 109 para 17

The Appellant also claimed that she had personally checked the Luggage for
defects before buying it. She did this by unzipping the Luggage and checking
its interior, zips and handles. She also checked the wheels of the Luggage by
pushing the Luggage back and forth. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

ROP vol 2 pp 109-110 para 17; Transcript 17 February 2016 p 29 lines 10-26
(ROP vol 1)

After that, she immediately transferred all her belongings from her backpack
to the Luggage. To do so, she had to shift the Luggage from a standing
position to a lying position. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 32 lines 1-7 (ROP vol 1)

She then threw away her backpack and continued her journey to the airport. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 para 18

15 Eventually, the tuk tuk driver dropped the Appellant off at a bus stop and
not at the airport itself, as his vehicle was not allowed to be driven into
the airport. The driver told her to take an airport bus from that bus stop to
the airport instead, which she did. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 para 19

When she reached the airport, she improvised a lock for the Luggage using a
rubber band and a cotton bud. She then checked in the Luggage and was issued a
luggage tag with her name printed on it. She kept the luggage tag in her
passport. She then flew to Singapore on Singapore Airlines flight SQ 407,
departing at 11.25pm on 22 August 2013. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

ROP vol 2 p 106 paras 2 and 3

16 The Appellant arrived in Singapore from New Delhi at about 7am on 23 August
2013. She proceeded to the transfer counter at Changi Airport and showed a
staff member her passport, the luggage tag and the printed itinerary. She was
informed that she was too early and that she should return at about 11am. She
claimed that because she had shown the staff member her luggage tag but was
not informed that she had to retrieve the Luggage before her connecting
flight, she was under the impression that her Luggage would be automatically
transferred to her connecting flight to Laos. She therefore did not go to
retrieve it. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

ROP vol 2 p 107 para 5

At about 11am, she went back to the transfer counter, where she was approached
by W/SSgt Wang and escorted to the ICA Holding Room, as described above at
[5].

The proceedings below

The Prosecution’s case

17 The Prosecution’s case was that the Appellant had imported the drugs into
Singapore. She was in actual possession, custody and control of the drugs that
were found in the Luggage as she did not deny that the Luggage and the
contents therein belonged to her and were within her custody and control. In
the alternative, the Prosecution relied on the presumption of possession under
s 18(1) of the MDA. Since the Appellant was either in actual possession or
presumed to have possession of the drugs under s 18(1), she was presumed to
have known the nature of the drugs under s 18(2) of the MDA. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions (High Court) paras 54-58

The Prosecution argued that she had failed to rebut the presumptions for the
following reasons. The Appellant’s explanation for her second trip to New
Delhi was implausible, her sudden change in itinerary to fly to Laos was
suspicious, she would have realised that the Luggage was unusually heavy, her
reaction when the drugs were recovered was inconsistent with the personality
that she attempted to portray, she also had a propensity to tailor her
evidence in court and was unable to produce corroborative evidence for her
version of events. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Prosecution’s closing submissions (High Court) para 66

The Appellant’s defence

18 The Appellant’s consistent defence was that she did not know that the two
bundles of drugs (A1A1 and A1B1) were concealed in the Luggage and only found
out about them when the CNB officers recovered the bundles in her presence. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

See eg, ROP vol 2 p 96 Q 17 A 17 (contemporaneous statement); ROP vol 2 p 105
(cautioned statement); ROP vol 2 p 108 para 13 (long statement)

She did not provide an explanation about how the bundles ended up in her
Luggage. The Appellant argued that she was not in physical custody, possession
or control of the Luggage at all from the time that she checked in her Luggage
at the New Delhi Airport. Hence, the presumption of possession under s 18(1)
of the MDA could not even apply.

19 Even if it did apply, the presumption had been rebutted on a balance of
probabilities. The Appellant contended that her account of events (outlined
above) was credible and internally consistent. Further, there was no objective
evidence linking her to the drugs (other than the fact that they were found in
the Luggage) or suggesting that she had knowledge of them. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Defence’s closing submissions (High Court) paras 25, 29 and 107

The findings of the Judge

20 The Judge convicted the Appellant of the charge and reasoned in his grounds
of decision (“GD”) as follows:

(a) The drugs must have been in the Luggage at the time of check-in at the New
Delhi Airport. This was because the weight of the Luggage at check-in was
stated on the luggage tag to be 21kg. The drugs which were recovered were
about 5.4kg and this formed a significant component of the weight of the
Luggage (at [22]).

(b) It was highly unlikely that the drugs could have been placed in the
Luggage after check-in, given the high security of the baggage handling area
and the fact that the drugs were placed in “the deepest recesses” of the
Luggage and it would have entailed an “intricate operation” to carry this out
in the baggage handling areas (at [22]).

(c) The presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA applied. The
Appellant had a luggage tag which entitled her to regain possession of the
Luggage from the airline. This fell within the limb of “control” in s 18(1) of
the MDA. The word “possession” in s 18(1) of the MDA referred only to physical
possession (at [28] and [30]).

(d) The presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA was not rebutted.
The Appellant had a propensity to tailor her evidence especially in relation
to whether she had personally handled the Luggage from the time she bought it
until check-in (at [48]). The Appellant’s story about the Indian salesman did
not sound credible as she could not even recall his name although she had
spent a considerable part of her life savings to make a second trip to New
Delhi to see him. It was also odd that she was willing to spend another large
part of her savings to change her flight plan on a whim (at [49]). The
unusually heavy weight of the empty Luggage and the Appellant’s calm reaction
when the drugs were recovered should also be taken into account (at [50] and
[52]). Significantly, a logical conclusion from the Appellant’s narrative was
that someone had already placed the drugs in her Luggage when she purchased it
but it was unlikely that someone would misplace S$1.25m worth of drugs in this
manner (at [51]).

(e) However, the Judge did not agree with the Prosecution’s submissions that
the Appellant’s inability to produce corroborative evidence meant that she was
not telling the truth. This was because the Appellant had been in remand since
her arrest and did not have the financial resources to produce corroborative
evidence (at [47]).

(f) Having been presumed to have the drugs in her possession, the presumption
of knowledge under s 18(2) of the MDA was invoked and the Appellant was
presumed to have known the nature of the drugs. As her defence was that she
was not even aware of the drugs, she therefore offered no evidence to rebut
the presumption of knowledge (at [55]).

21 With regard to sentence, the Judge took into account the mitigating factors
that the Appellant was a first-time offender and was rather young. However,
the Judge said that he could not ignore the large quantity of methamphetamine
that was involved, even though the charge had been reduced to a non-capital
offence. In his judgment, the sentence should reflect this large quantity and
also reflect the sentences imposed in similar cases. Accordingly, he sentenced
the Appellant to 24 years’ imprisonment, commencing from the date of her
arrest on 23 August 2013.

Arguments on appeal

22 The Appellant appealed against both conviction and sentence and argued the
appeal in person. She tendered handwritten submissions, raising the following
points in essence:

(a) She raised numerous complaints regarding the Investigating Officer (“the
IO”) and the Vietnamese interpreter during the recording of her statements,
claiming that they “[did] not do the[ir] job[s] properly”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal p 8 point (B).

She alleged that she did not remember giving some of the answers in the
statements, did not understand the statements and signed them without
checking. As a result, there were various inaccuracies in the statements. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 9-12

She also claimed that the IO did not want to investigate her case properly and
detailed the various steps he omitted to take in the investigations. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 12-21

(b) She maintained that she did not know how the drugs ended up in the
Luggage. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal p 44

(c) She claimed that the luggage tag was not in her possession when she was
arrested. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 3, 23

(d) She said that the forensics software used to recover data from her mobile
phone was defective, such that the call logs retrieved were inaccurate and not
all the text messages that were sent and received during her time in New Delhi
were captured. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 25-27

(e) In relation to sentence, she contended that the Judge should not have
considered the actual quantity of methamphetamine imported, since her charge
was ultimately reduced to 249.99g. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 54-55

Our decision

Meaning of “import” under s 7 of the MDA

23 In Public Prosecutor v Adnan bin Kadir [2013] 3 SLR 1052 at [5] and [22],
this court held that the word “import” in s 7 of the MDA had the meaning
defined in s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) which was “to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea or air”. It did not
matter that the drugs were only brought into Singapore on transit with a view
to bringing them out to another country. The offence of importation was
constituted the moment the drugs were brought physically into Singapore.
Accordingly, in the present case, the element of importation in s 7 of the MDA
was satisfied when the drugs concealed in the Luggage entered Singapore.

The presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA

24 One of the key issues that was raised at the trial below was whether the
presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA was invoked in the present
case, given that the Appellant had checked in the Luggage at the New Delhi
airport and the Luggage was retrieved by the CNB officers in Singapore before
the Appellant regained physical possession of it.

25 The presumptions in s 18 of the MDA are as follows:

Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

…

26 The presumption of possession in s 18(1) was held to apply in the largely
similar case of Van Damme Johannes v Public Prosecutor [1993] 3 SLR(R) 694
(“Van Damme”). In that case, the appellant flew from Phuket to Singapore (on
transit), intending to travel to Athens. He had checked in his suitcase at the
Phuket airport. The suitcase was subsequently retrieved by CNB officers at the
in-flight spur area at Changi Airport and found to contain diamorphine. The
appellant there argued that the presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) (which is identical to s 18(1) of
the present MDA) did not apply because he did not have in his possession,
custody or under his control the suitcase containing the controlled drug. This
was because he had checked the suitcase in at the Phuket airport and further,
luggage in the in-flight spur area could not ordinarily be retrieved by a
passenger without permission from the Lost and Found staff. This court did not
agree with the “technical position” taken by counsel for the appellant,
reasoning that the language used in s 18 clearly drew a distinction between
“possession” in s 18(1) and “physical possession” in s 18(3). While the
appellant did not have physical possession or physical control of the
suitcase, such possession and control having been ceded to SATS for the
purposes of moving the suitcase, the appellant nonetheless had possession of
the suitcase. This was because he had the luggage tag to the suitcase and
could obtain access to it, albeit only with permission from the Lost and Found
staff.

27 The Judge in the present case observed that although at first blush, Van
Damme appeared to stand for the proposition that the word “possession” in s
18(1)(a) of the MDA had a wider meaning than physical possession, he did not
think that that was the court’s intention. He was of the view that such a
broad interpretation of the word “possession” would render the other limbs in
the section of “custody” and “control” otiose. The Judge thus held that the
word “possession” must be limited to physical possession. In any event,
because the appellant in Van Damme, just like the Appellant in the present
case, had a luggage tag which gave him the right to obtain physical possession
of the luggage, this would fall within the limb of “control” which would also
invoke the presumption under s 18(1). It was unnecessary therefore to hold
that the word “possession” had a wider meaning than physical possession (at
[28] and [30] of the GD).

28 With respect, we disagree with the Judge’s interpretation of Van Damme. In
our view, this court in Van Damme at [8] held that the appellant had
possession of his suitcase by virtue of his luggage tag, even though it
expressly recognised that he was not in physical possession of it. When this
court drew a distinction between “possession” in s 18(1) and “physical
possession” in s 18(3), it must follow that the former word was wider in scope
than the latter phrase.

29 This was also the reading of Van Damme in subsequent cases. In Ubaka Chris
Chinenye v Public Prosecutor [1994] 3 SLR(R) 401, the appellant flew from
Bangkok to Singapore on transit, intending to fly to Lagos as his final
destination. He was detained for questioning at Changi Airport before he could
retrieve the two pieces of luggage that he had checked in at the Bangkok
airport. However, he had the two luggage tags. The two pieces of luggage were
retrieved from the luggage area of Changi Airport Terminal 2 in the
appellant’s presence. This court applied Van Damme and interpreted the case as
standing for the proposition that an accused person had possession of a
luggage even though it would normally have remained in the in-flight area in
the airport throughout the length of his transit and he could not ordinarily
have retrieved it. In Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1
(“Tan Kiam Peng”) at [61], this court referred to Van Damme at [8] and stated
that the concept of “possession” in s 18(1) was often, but not invariably,
physical in nature.

30 This broader construction of “possession” used in s 18(1) of the MDA was
also consonant with how the word had been interpreted in earlier cases before
Van Damme. In Tan Ah Tee and another v Public Prosecutor [1979–1980] SLR(R)
311 (“Tan Ah Tee”) at [25], this court, when dealing with s 16 of the Misuse
of Drugs Act 1973 (Act 5 of 1973) (which is identical to s 18(1) of the
present MDA), adopted the interpretation of “possession” in the English case
of Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner [1969] 2 AC 256 (“Warner”) at
304–306:

One must, therefore, attempt from the apparent intention of the Act itself to
reach a construction of the word ‘possession’ which is not so narrow as to
stultify the practical efficacy of the Act or so broad that it creates
absurdity or injustice.

Parliament was clearly intending to prevent or curtail the drug traffic. …

… I do not think that possession was intended to be limited by legal
technicalities to one of two alternatives, namely, either to mere physical
possession or to mere legal possession. Both are forbidden. A man may not
lawfully own the drugs of which his servant or his bailee has physical
possession or control. Nor may he lawfully have physical possession or control
as servant or bailee of drugs which are owned by others. By physical
possession or control I include things in his pocket, in his car, in his room
and so forth. That seems to me to accord with the general popular wide meaning
of the word ‘possession’ and to be in accordance with the intention of the
Act.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

31 Even though Warner was concerned with the meaning of “possession” in the
context of s 1 of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c 64) (UK), which
did not contain the presumption in s 18(1) of the current MDA, this court in
Tan Kiam Peng at [53] reasoned that Tan Ah Tee had endorsed the general
concept of possession in Warner which was not affected by the different
statutory regimes. In Fun Seong Cheng v Public Prosecutor [1997] 2 SLR(R) 796
at [55], it was observed that the meaning of “possession” in Warner, as
adopted in Tan Ah Tee, had been followed in a long line of cases.

32 In our judgment, the word “possession” in s 18(1) of the MDA includes both
concepts of physical and legal possession. We do not think that it is
restricted to physical possession alone. In the case before us, when the
accused checked in the Luggage at the departure airport and was issued a
luggage tag as evidence of ownership, she ceased to be in physical possession
of the Luggage. However, she was still in legal possession of the Luggage by
virtue of her ability to reclaim it using the luggage tag in her possession.
She remained in legal possession of the Luggage even though she had not
reclaimed it yet or did not reclaim it from the luggage belt at the airport
because she thought it would be transferred directly onto her next flight. In
these circumstances, the presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA
would still apply. Naturally, it was open to the Appellant to attempt to rebut
the presumption of possession on a balance of probabilities, for instance, by
adducing evidence to show that someone could have placed the drugs in her
Luggage without her knowledge while it was not within her physical possession.

33 The Appellant, in her written submissions on appeal, argued for the first
time that the luggage tag was not in her possession when she was arrested. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 3, 23

At the hearing of the appeal, she changed her position and said that she could
not remember whether the airline officer had given it to her and she was
unsure about whether it was found in her belongings. However, we rejected the
Appellant’s contention on this point. Her claim was contrary to her own
evidence in her long statements that (a) upon check-in at the New Delhi
airport, she was issued a luggage tag with her name printed on it and (b) when
she arrived in Singapore, she proceeded to the transfer counter at Changi
Airport and showed a staff member the luggage tag (see [15] and [16] above).
39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROP vol 2 pp 106-107 paras 3 and 5

The luggage tag was issued by Singapore Airlines and bore the Appellant’s
name, the flight number and the date of her flight. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

ROP vol 2 p 114

All these rendered the possibility that the airline staff did not issue the
luggage tag to her a completely fanciful one.

Whether the Appellant had rebutted the presumption of possession under s 18(1)
of the MDA

It was highly improbable that the drugs could have been placed in the Luggage
when it was out of the Appellant’s physical possession

34 As mentioned earlier, the Appellant’s defence was that she did not know how
the drugs came to be in the Luggage. Although she did not try to explain how
or when the drugs could have been put inside the Luggage, we considered
various possibilities. The first was that the drugs were already in the
Luggage before she purchased it on the way to the New Delhi airport. However,
as the Appellant said in her long statements, she chose that particular shop
“by chance” (see [14] above). We found it impossible to believe that someone
would place drugs of such high value (estimated to be worth S$1.25m) into a
random suitcase in a shop without knowing who might decide to buy it and what
the buyer would do with the suitcase. Further, the person(s) who hid the drugs
in the suitcase would not know whether or when it would be brought out of the
country and where the destination might be.

35 Given the Appellant’s account that she handled the Luggage personally from
the time she bought it from the shop until it was checked in at the New Delhi
airport, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 para 20

the second possibility was that the Luggage was tampered with after she
checked it in. We found this equally implausible. As the Judge stated, the
baggage area was a high security zone to which unauthorised personnel would
not have access. Although it was not clear when the Appellant checked in at
the New Delhi airport, it is reasonable to assume that there was only a short
span of about two hours between the check-in and the flight’s departure. Even
if the drugs were planted by a person who had access to this secured zone, it
was highly unlikely that he had sufficient time to conceal the bundles so
intricately in the side panels of the Luggage, assuming he was able to tamper
with the Luggage without arousing suspicion in the first place. Further, it
was unbelievable that someone would choose to conceal such high-value drugs in
a random suitcase.

36 The third possibility was that the drugs were put in the Luggage when it
was in the cargo hold of the plane. The fourth possibility was that they were
placed in the Luggage after it was unloaded from the plane in Singapore but
before it was moved to the luggage conveyor belt. However, for largely the
same reasons as outlined in the previous paragraph, we find these
possibilities so highly unlikely as to be purely fanciful.

37 The last possibility was that the drugs were put into the Luggage after it
arrived on the luggage conveyor belt at Changi Airport. However, the CNB
officers had kept a watchful eye on the Luggage which was left in the open at
that time (either circulating on the luggage conveyor belt or moved to the
odd-sized baggage area). In our judgment, it was simply inconceivable that
anyone could have planted the drugs in the Luggage during this period of time.

38 Finally, we found that the latter four possibilities were also improbable.
The recorded weight of the Luggage on the luggage tag was 21kg at the time of
check-in at the New Delhi airport. The IO testified that he weighed the
Luggage with its contents and found that the weight was 20.739kg. This minimal
difference in weight at the point of check-in in New Delhi and at the time of
weighing by the IO in Changi Airport must mean that the Luggage already
contained the bundles of drugs weighing almost 5.4kg at the time of check-in.

39 Although it was open to the Appellant to rebut the presumption of
possession by adducing evidence to show that someone could have slipped the
drugs into the Luggage while it was out of her physical possession, she failed
to adduce any credible evidence to this effect. The evidence showed clearly
that the drugs were already in the Luggage at the time of check-in.

The reason for the Appellant’s second trip to New Delhi was suspicious and the
trip was extravagant in the light of her means

40 The Appellant claimed that the “main reason” for her second trip to New
Delhi was to visit the Indian salesman that she had met on her first trip.
This was despite the fact that she could not be sure that he was still working
at the same shop and that she would be able to find him. Even though she
visited him at the shop three or four times during that trip and spent about
an hour with him each time, she was not able to recall even his name or the
location and the name of the shop. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

ROP vol 2 p 109 para 15; ROP vol 2 p 138 Q2, A2, Q3, A3

Her account of events was therefore totally unconvincing.

41 Moreover, the Appellant’s travel was extravagant bearing in mind her very
modest means. As explained at [9] above, after she was retrenched in June
2012, she did not have a steady income and was essentially living on her
savings and surviving on goodwill payments or gifts from her friends. Yet, she
appeared to have had no qualms whatsoever in having to spend about US$1,100 on
her original return plane tickets between Vietnam and India in August 2013 for
the purported reason of re-establishing contact with a man whose name she
could not even recall and whom she had no apparent means of contacting. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 17 lines 18-19 (ROP vol 1); ROP vol 2 p 118 para
30

This was also her second trip to New Delhi in less than a year, after the
first trip in December 2012. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

ROP vol 2 p 117 para 23

According to her, before making preparations for her second trip to New Delhi,
her life savings totalled about US$3,500. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Transcript 19 February 2016 p 44 line 11-p 46 line 25 (ROP vol 1A)

The sum of money she spent on her original tickets thus represented almost
one-third of her total savings.

The reasons for the Appellant’s sudden change in itinerary were implausible
and financially imprudent

42 As explained at [13] above, sometime on the fourth day of her second trip
in New Delhi, the Appellant decided to change her itinerary to include detours
to Laos and to Cambodia before returning to Vietnam. However, this whimsical
change in itinerary did not make sense at all. As the Prosecution pointed out,
the Appellant must have already known that her father was suffering from
diabetes before her trip to New Delhi, since his diagnosis was sometime at the
end of 2011 or in early 2012. She was also aware of the date of her
grandmother’s first death anniversary. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Transcript 19 February 2016 p 1 line 28- p 2 line 10 (ROP vol 1A)

She could have planned to go to those two countries before booking the return
plane tickets but did not. The Appellant’s sudden decision to change her plans
and go to Cambodia to pick up her belongings left in Heo’s place was also
unbelievable. What was the urgency necessitating a sudden change in flights?

43 What was even more perplexing was the Appellant’s willingness to spend
another US$1,000 just to change her flight plans. Further, she claimed that
she had taken US$800 with her to India and spent about US$600 there. That
meant that her life savings of about US$3,500 had been reduced by her original
plane tickets (US$1,100) and the personal expenses (US$800) to around
US$1,600. To then practically throw away another US$1,000 just to change her
itinerary was plainly unbelievable. As noted earlier, the Appellant was
certainly not someone who could afford to spend money this way.

44 On the other hand, the seemingly carefree manner in which she changed her
itinerary and spent her money would be consistent with someone tasked with
transporting some S$1.25m worth of drugs. In that situation, the amounts spent
on her travel and her sudden change of itinerary would appear negligible in
comparison to the value of the drugs. Although the value of S$1.25m is the
estimated street value of the drugs in Singapore, it would not be unreasonable
to assume that the drugs would also be of substantial value in the destination
country.

The weight of the Luggage could not have escaped the Appellant’s notice

45 Finally, the weight of the Luggage that the Appellant bought from the shop
on the way to the New Delhi airport could not have escaped her attention. The
evidence showed that the combined weight of the seemingly empty, soft-cover
Luggage with the drugs and the wooden planks concealed inside was a hefty
8.839kg. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Transcript 12 November 2015 p 20 line 10 – p 22 line 12; Transcript 18
February 2016 p 28 lines 22-25 (ROP vol 1); ROP vol 2 p 102 (original charge);
Transcript 18 February 2016 p 28 line 28 (ROP vol 1)

Apparently, the Appellant travelled lightly as her belongings fit into her
backpack. The belongings weighed only 11.9kg. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 27 line 16; p 28 line 7 (ROP vol 1)

After the belongings were transferred into the Luggage (with the concealed
drugs and wooden planks), the Luggage with all its contents weighed almost
21kg. As the Appellant indicated in her long statements, she was the only
person handling the Luggage at all times between the point of purchase and
check-in at the airport. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 paras 18 and 20

It followed that there were various occasions when the Appellant could and
should have noticed the unusually heavy weight of the purportedly empty
Luggage:

(a) The Appellant testified that at the shop after purchasing the Luggage, she
shifted the Luggage from a standing position to a lying position in order to
transfer her belongings from her backpack into the Luggage. Thereafter, she
had to reposition the Luggage back to a standing position so that it could be
moved around on its wheels. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 32 lines 1-7, p 31 lines 1-14 (ROP vol 1)

Even though the Appellant strenuously denied noticing that the Luggage was
unusually heavy when she shifted it twice, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 32 lines 8-19

it seemed to us implausible that the weight of the Luggage could have escaped
her attention.

(b) When lifting the Luggage onto and off the tuk tuk after she left the shop
(however, see the discussion at [46] below).

(c) When lifting the Luggage onto and off from the bus after the tuk tuk
driver dropped her off at the bus stop for her to take the bus into the
airport. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 para 19

(d) When lifting the Luggage onto the luggage conveyor belt during check-in at
the New Delhi airport (again, see the discussion at [46] below). 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

ROP vol 2 p 110 para 20

46 When questioned during cross examination about the weight of the Luggage,
the Appellant showed a propensity to tailor her evidence to suit the occasion.
In her long statements, she was consistent in maintaining that she carried the
Luggage personally, that no one else touched her Luggage and that she
personally placed it on the luggage conveyer belt during check-in. However,
under cross examination, she claimed that it was the tuk tuk driver who helped
her lift the Luggage onto and off from the tuk tuk and that it was the
Singapore Airlines staff who lifted the Luggage onto the luggage conveyor belt
for her. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 32 lines 31-32; p 33 lines 17-19; p 34 lines
15-25 (ROP vol 1)

She therefore denied that she lifted the Luggage on those two occasions. When
the inconsistencies between her long statements and her evidence at trial were
pointed out to her, she immediately claimed that the inconsistent parts of her
statements were “not correct”. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 34 lines 20-25, p 35 lines 12-16 (ROP vol 1)

However, she admitted that she lifted the Luggage onto and off the airport
bus. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript 18 February 2016 p 35 lines 17-20 (ROP vol 1)

Even if she lifted the Luggage on only that occasion, it was still difficult
to believe that she did not then notice the unusually heavy Luggage. In any
case, her claims about not having lifted the Luggage at all when it was
purportedly empty were incredible. As pointed out by the Judge at [50] of the
GD, a person purchasing a suitcase would normally lift it to assess its
weight.

47 The Judge also took into account the “unusual feature” of the Appellant’s
calm reaction when the hidden bundles of drugs were found (at [52]). This was
despite the Appellant’s testimony that she was a calm person by nature and
that she kept silent because she was surprised and shocked at the discovery of
the drugs and because she could not communicate in English. The Judge saw and
heard the Appellant and we saw no reason not to defer to his assessment of her
credibility.

48 For the foregoing reasons, we agreed with the Judge that the Appellant
failed to rebut the presumption of possession under s 18(1) of the MDA as she
was unable to prove on a balance of probabilities that she did not know that
the Luggage contained the drugs.

Whether the Appellant had rebutted the presumption of knowledge under s 18(2)
of the MDA

49 Given that the Appellant’s defence was that she did not know of the
existence of the drugs at all, she adduced no evidence pertaining to lack of
knowledge about the nature of the drugs. Accordingly, she also failed to rebut
the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA which operates to vest the Appellant
with knowledge of the nature of the drug which she was in possession of (see
Obeng Comfort v Public Prosecutor [2017] SGCA 12 at [39]).

Other ancillary issues

50 For completeness, we deal with two of the ancillary issues raised by the
Appellant in her written submissions for this appeal. First, she made several
complaints about the conduct of the IO and the Vietnamese interpreter who
assisted during the taking of the statements. In the course of her
examination-in-chief and cross examination during the trial, she also made
some of these allegations against the IO. In particular, she claimed that some
parts of her statements were inaccurately recorded. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript 17 February 2016 p 57 lines 21-24; 18 February 2016 p 3 lines
27-29; p 34 line 20 - p 35 line 15

However, these allegations were not put to the IO, even though the Appellant
was represented by counsel at the trial. In relation to the interpreter, her
statement was admitted into evidence without cross examination and the
Appellant’s allegations against her were not canvassed at the trial. The
Appellant’s complaints before us were therefore nothing more than bare
allegations. The Judge also did not see any reason to doubt the admissibility
or the accuracy of the Appellant’s statements and there was nothing that
caused us to disagree with him.

51 The Appellant also stated in her written submissions that the forensic
software used to recover data from her mobile phone was defective and
therefore, the call logs were inaccurate and not all the text messages that
were sent and received during her stay in India were recorded. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 25-27

However, these were again bare assertions and she provided no evidence
whatsoever in support. In any case, it would be obvious that we did not rely
on the call or message logs in our decision to affirm the Judge’s conclusions.

52 It followed from the reasons set out above that we affirmed the Judge’s
decision and upheld the conviction.

Whether the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive

53 The Second Schedule to the MDA prescribes that the unauthorised import or
export of not less than 167g and not more than 250g of methamphetamine
attracts a minimum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane and a maximum sentence of imprisonment of 30 years or life imprisonment
and 15 strokes of the cane. The Appellant was sentenced to 24 years’
imprisonment backdated to the date of her arrest. As noted at [2] above, as a
woman, she was not liable to be caned pursuant to s 325(1)(a) of the CPC.

54 The quantity of drugs involved in a case will have a strong bearing on the
sentence to be imposed as the quantity will usually be proportionate to the
harm and it thus serves as a reliable indicator of the seriousness of the
offence (see Vasentha d/o Joseph v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 122 at [23]
and [44(a)] (“Vasentha”)). The issue here was whether, in the event that the
Prosecution exercised its discretion to amend a charge to reflect a lower
quantity of drugs that would result in a non-capital offence, the actual
amount of drugs imported should nonetheless be relevant in sentencing. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See also Appellant’s submissions on appeal pp 54-55

Here, the Judge said that he could not ignore the fact that a large quantity
of methamphetamine was involved even though the charge had been amended to a
non-capital offence. He held that it was necessary for the sentence to reflect
this large quantity of drugs (at [58] of the GD). Indeed, the actual amount of
methamphetamine imported (3,037g) was more than 12 times the statutory limit
(of more than 250g) that would have attracted the death penalty.

55 The Judge’s views on the appropriate sentence in this case were given
before our recent decision in Suventher Shanmugam v Public Prosecutor [2017]
SGCA 25 (“Suventher”) which held that the fact that a charge was reduced from
a capital to a non-capital one was not relevant for sentencing purposes. We
also stated there that the full spectrum of possible sentences provided by law
should be utilised and the sentence should be broadly proportional to the
quantity of drugs that the accused person was charged with importing. The
sentencing range (for cannabis) set out in Suventher at [29] could also apply
to offences involving other drugs where the range of prescribed punishment is
the same (see [31] of that decision). The prescribed punishment for this case
involving methamphetamine is the same as that for cannabis. Applying Suventher
to the present case, with the amount of methamphetamine imported by the
Appellant being just minimally below the statutory limit that would have
attracted the death penalty, the appropriate sentence would certainly be in
the top range of 26 to 29 years’ imprisonment set out in the guidelines in
Suventher. Further, the Appellant did not have the benefit of a plea of guilt
which would have assisted her in mitigation.

56 In Loo Pei Xiang Alan v Public Prosecutor [2015] 5 SLR 500 at [14]–[18],
Chao Hick Tin JA, in hearing an appeal from the District Court, took guidance
from the indicative starting points in sentencing in Vasentha and considered
it possible “to derive some sort of conversion scale or ‘exchange rate’”
between diamorphine (the drug in issue in Vasentha) and methamphetamine
because the Second Schedule of the MDA prescribes the same minimum punishment
(20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane) and the same maximum
punishment (imprisonment for life or for 30 years and 15 strokes of the cane)
for trafficking between 10 and 15 grams of diamorphine and trafficking between
167 and 250 grams of methamphetamine. Chao JA held (at [17]) that, “doing the
arithmetic, the culpability of an offender who traffics one gram of
diamorphine is equivalent to the culpability of an identically-situated
offender who traffics 16.7 grams of methamphetamine.”

57 In the Appellant’s case, even if we adopt Chao JA’s methodology as set out
above, we would still arrive at the very top end of the sentencing range for
diamorphine. The sentence would therefore have been above the 24 years’
imprisonment imposed by the Judge here.

58 The Judge took into account the fact that the Appellant was a first
offender and was rather young as mitigating factors (at [58] of the GD). No
further mitigating factors were submitted by the Appellant on appeal. There
was thus no basis for us to reduce the sentence, which, as pointed out above,
was lower than it would have been had the equivalent sentencing ranges in
Suventher been applied by the Judge. The Judge had also backdated the
imprisonment term to commence on the date of arrest. It followed that the
sentence imposed by the Judge could hardly be said to be manifestly excessive.

Conclusion

59 We therefore affirmed the Judge’s decision on conviction and sentence and
dismissed the appeal.

Sundaresh Menon Judith Prakash Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

The appellant in person;

Anandan Bala, Rajiv Rai and Esther Tang (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

