Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 198

Suit No 225 of 2011/D

Between

Pan-United Shipping Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Cummins Sales and Service Singapore Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

Judgment

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Exclusion clauses]

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Formation] — [Acceptance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pan-United Shipping Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Cummins Sales and Service Singapore Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 198

High Court — Suit No 225 of 2011/D  
Chan Seng Onn J

5–6 May; 15–17, 22–23 August 2016; 13–15 March; 27 July 2017

14 August 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The port main engine, a Cummins KTA-50-M2 four stroke V16 engine (“PME”), of
the Plaintiff’s tugboat PU 3202 (“tugboat”) was top overhauled by the
Defendant from 16 to 31 January 2007 pursuant to a contract evidenced in
writing by the Defendant’s quotation dated 24 January 2007 accepted by the
Plaintiff. After completion of the top overhaul and in the course of a free
running test by the Defendant on 31 January 2007, the PME seized up after
running for between five 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Exhibit Dl.

to seven 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Chief Engineer’s Statement, DCB 72 (PBD 129).

minutes. Thereafter, the PME could not be started electrically and was not
able to rotate freely by manual cranking.

2 The PME was brought back to the Defendant’s workshop and stripped down. It
is undisputed that all the main bearings and journals were variously and
severely wiped out and unevenly scored. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

DCB 79 (1DBD 224); DCB 150 (1DBA Tab 6 at para 15).

However, the connecting rod bearings (“conrod bearings”) were not damaged. The
crank journals were severely scored with a deep crack also found on the centre
main journal. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

DCB 79 (1DBD 224).

The crankshaft was bent beyond the maximum allowable limit. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

DCB 79 (1DBD 224); DCB 151 (1DBD Tab 6 at para 17); DCB 152–153 (Exhibit D8).

The main bearing bore was also out of alignment beyond the maximum allowable
limit. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

DCB 81 (1DBD 225).

The piston, liners, cylinder heads, connecting rods and camshaft appeared to
be in normal condition. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

DCB 79 (1DBD 224); DCB 150 (1DBD Tab 6 at para 16).

Metallic particles were also found in the lubrication oil (“lube oil”).

3 Hence, the Plaintiff brings this suit against the Defendant for causing
damage to the PME by failing to prime the PME before starting it for the free
running test. Mr Peter Anthony Ryan (“Mr Ryan”), the Defendant’s expert,
provides a good explanation of the meaning of “priming” in the context of
engine lubrication. Mr Ryan states 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

1DBA Tab 10 p 33 at para 3.2.1.3.

that priming is an engineering term that describes the action of pumping,
filling, flooding or distributing sufficient lube oil around the engine lube
oil system including pipes, manifolds and filters prior to any mechanical
movement of the engine. Priming is a process that ensures that all components
are coated in lubricant whilst the engine remains static in advance of any
mechanical movement. For the purposes of this case, parties have adopted a
loose meaning of “priming” and not the strict sense of the engineering term as
described by Mr Ryan.

4 To prime the PME, the electrical wire from the fuel pump solenoid valve must
first be disconnected in order to shut off the fuel to the engine. Otherwise,
the engine operates at full combustion load upon starting, placing the
crankshaft under such load before the lube oil is sufficiently circulated
through the engine that it may seize up and be damaged. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Expert report of Mark Alexander McGurran (Plaintiff’s expert) at para 97 (2PBA
Tab 8 p 26).

That is what the Plaintiff says occurred in this case. From the specifications
for mandatory gauges and alarms for the Defendant’s engines found in the
Defendant’s Marine Application Bulletin on Controls, Gauges and Alarm Engine
Protection, 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Exhibit D7.

it appears that there will be a risk of engine damage if the engine runs for
at least 15 seconds with engine lube oil pressure below 12 psi. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 158–160.

The pleadings

5 The Defendant accepts that its own “Operation and Maintenance Manual Marine
Propulsion Units” for “N-NT-NTA-855-M, VTA28-M and K Series Worldwide”
(“Engine Manual”) sets out a procedure (see [36]) to prime the lube oil system
before starting the engine when the engine has been shut down for more than
five days or where there has been a change of lube oil. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Para 17(a) of the Defence.

As is admitted at para 17(b) of the Defence, the priming procedure stipulated
in the Engine Manual is to “safeguard against damage to the main bearings
caused by multiple dry starts. Multiple dry starts over a period of time would
cause damage or accelerated wear to the main bearings.” 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Para 17b of the Defence.

6 It is not disputed in this case that the PME was not only shut down
continuously for a total of 15 days for the whole duration of the top
overhaul, but there was also a complete change of lube oil. At this juncture,
it is important to note that either of these circumstances on its own calls
for the priming procedure to be adopted. In fact, the period of 15 days’
shutdown for the top overhaul far exceeds the maximum period of five days
beyond which the Engine Manual requires priming. Logic would dictate that the
need for priming was all the more necessary given that both circumstances were
present.

7 Although the Defendant admits at para 9 of the Defence that it did not prime
the PME prior to starting the PME on 31 January 2007 despite both the extended
shutdown of 15 days and the complete lube oil change, its defence is that the
PME had sustained pre-existing damage which caused the seizure, and non-
priming of the PME was not the cause. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Para 16 of the Defence.

The Defendant pleads that excessive vibrations from a bent or damaged port
propeller or port propeller shaft had earlier damaged the PME. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Para 16 of the Defence.

No other pre-existing cause of damage to the PME has been pleaded.

8 I accept the Plaintiff’s submission that the Defendant is not entitled to
raise in its submissions other pre-existing causes that have not been pleaded.
In any event, I shall consider them for completeness.

Sudden impact

9 The Defendant relies on an “extremely unusual incident” 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 9.

on 10 January 2007 when the tugboat, which was then towing a barge laden with
coal from Banjarmasin, Kalimantan (Borneo) to Ko Si Chang (Gulf of Thailand),
had to be diverted midway through its paid voyage to Singapore. The Defendant
says the problem was so serious that the tugboat could not continue with its
voyage and had to be replaced midway by a chartered tugboat, the Marina Venus
2, on 15 January 2007.

10 An email dated 10 January 2007 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DCB 26 (1DBD 92).

was sent from the Plaintiff’s operation control to the tugboat crew stating:

1) We r arrging [sic] diver for release of rope at propeller, ETA 15/01/07. …

11 The tugboat arrived at the outer port limit of Singapore on 15 January
2007, where an underwater inspection of the propellers was performed by
Commercial Diving Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The divers did not find any
rope or other foreign object at the propellers. Instead the propellers were
found to be damaged. The Commercial Diving Report of 15 January 2007 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DCB 29–40 (1DBD 94–105).

described the various damaged areas at the tips of the port and starboard
propellers, parts of which were bent. The tip of one blade of the port
propeller measuring 32cm (L) by 6cm (D), and the tips of two blades on
opposite sides of the starboard propeller measuring 10cm (L) by 13.5cm (D) and
5cm (L) by 5cm (D) respectively, were broken off. A divers’ drawing 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

DCB 39 (1DBD 104).

of the damage to the propellers is attached to the report. The port propeller
blade was found touching the Kort nozzle, 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DCB 39 (1DBD 104).

and there was an extremely wide clearance of approximately 2.5cm in the port
stern tube bearing. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

DCB 40 (1DBD 105).

No clearances were measured for the starboard stern tube bearing as this was
not part of the scope of the divers’ inspection work.

12 I am of the view that the damaged propellers may have been a sufficient
cause per se for the tugboat to be diverted to Singapore to have them
repaired. It does not necessarily follow that the crankshaft of the PME must
have been damaged at the same time just because the propellers were found to
be damaged and the vessel had to be sent to Singapore for repairs to the
propellers. Damaged propellers and damaged engines do not always go hand in
hand. Propeller tips may be damaged without any associated damage to the
engines. The American Bureau of Shipping Class Survey Report 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PBD 147.

for the tugboat dated 16 January 2007 described the damage as being “in non-
critical area at the blades’ tips” and recommended that the propellers be
repaired.

13 Sudden impact to the port propeller causing damage to the PME is an
unpleaded theory raised by the Defendant. I shall disregard it. In any event,
I find it hard to accept that the engine could have been damaged through the
shock load of the sudden impact, without there being any signs of damage in
the Vulkan coupling of the gearbox or damage to the gear teeth. The Plaintiff
relies on the Trans-Matic visual inspection report of the port gearbox on 8
February 2007 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

DCB 77 (1DBD 221).

to prove that the gearbox was not damaged and the input side of the gearbox
was able to rotate freely. The sudden shock load at the propeller must be
transmitted first through the gearbox and Vulkan coupling before it can reach
the PME engine crankshaft to bend or crack it. The lack of any apparent damage
to the gearbox and coupling as stated leads me on balance to conclude that it
is unlikely that the shock load transmitted to the PME (if any) was
sufficiently large to cause the PME engine crankshaft to bend or crack.

Vibration

14 The Defendant’s service report dated 16 January 2007, 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

DCB 43–45 (1DBD 138–139, Exhibit D2).

acknowledged and signed by the Plaintiff’s Chief Engineer La Hasan on board
the tugboat, recorded that the “[c]ustomer also complained PORT engine [PME]
with excessive vibration while on load”. I accept that it is likely that there
was some degree of vibration at the PME when it was on load. With damage to
the port propeller and the wide clearance in the port stern tube bearing, it
would not surprise me if there had been vibration. As there was also damage to
the starboard propeller, I would also expect some vibration on the starboard
main engine (“SME”). What is far more important is the degree of vibration,
rather than the mere presence of vibration. However, there was no sea trial to
establish the degree and nature of the vibration at the PME caused by both the
damaged port propeller and the wide clearance in the port stern tube bearing.
No measurements were taken of the frequencies and amplitudes of the vibrations
(be they torsional and/or whirling vibrations) transmitted to the PME, which
were alleged by the Defendant to be “excessive” but disputed by the Plaintiff.
One cannot tell how “excessive” is excessive without the benefit of
measurements. As stated by the expert for the Plaintiff, Mr Mark Alexander
McGurran (“Mr McGurran”), little can be made of the vague term “excessive”
vibration. No evidence was produced to show how long the engine was subjected
to these vibrations and what the amplitudes and frequencies of these
vibrations were at the location of the PME itself. These are important
considerations to establish whether the PME could in fact have been internally
damaged by these so-called “excessive” vibrations. Without such measurements,
it is all too easy to speculate, as the Defendant has done, that these
“excessive” vibrations caused internal damage to the PME and in particular to
the crankshaft journals and main bearings. If that were the case, it seems
incongruous that the contemporaneous work order did not even include any
checks for vibration damage to the PME. I note that when the parties discussed
what work was needed on the PME, the Plaintiff did not mention any excessive
engine vibrations experienced on the PME for the Defendant to investigate and
resolve as part of the top overhaul of the PME. Neither did the Defendant
recommend that the Plaintiff check for damage to the PME due to “excessive”
vibration.

15 The Defendant’s technician, Mr Azahar, says that he did not experience
excessive engine vibration on 16 January 2007, when he ran the PME for a free
running test. He experienced only normal vibrations from the PME. I note of
course that during this test, the PME was not put on load nor was it connected
to the gearbox and the propeller shaft. This free running test establishes
whether the engine can freely rotate at various rotational speeds without load
and whether there is any unusual or excessive vibration at those rotational
speeds without load. The service report of Mr Azahar dated 16 January 2007 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

DCB 43–45 (1DBD 138–139, Exhibit D2).

did not disclose any unusual or excessive vibration detected during the free
running test for the PME.

16 Mr Sivasothy Nanthagopal (“Mr Sivasothy”), the expert for the Defendant,
maintains that vibration from the damaged propeller tip caused the crankshaft
of the PME to bend. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2DBA Tab 11 p 31 paras 71–72.

However, I find it difficult to accept that. If the crankshaft had bent due to
the severe vibration from the propeller tip, then how could the PME with a
bent crankshaft have operated for so many continuous hours under load, and,
together with the SME, powered the tugboat all the way to Singapore without
seizing up? The free running test of the PME even up to a rated speed of 1,800
rpm prior to the top overhaul shows that the PME was still able to run
normally and without excessive vibration (albeit not under load) prior to
being taken over by the Defendant for the top overhaul.

17 It must be noted that the PME seized up only within a few minutes with no
load and at idle speed during the free running test on 31 January 2007. The
only significant fact is that there was no priming by the Defendant’s
technician as is required by the Engine Manual prior to starting the PME.

18 It is for the Defendant to prove that the damaged port propeller and the
excessive port stern tube bearing wear had together or individually caused
excessive vibration to the PME when the tugboat was in operation out at sea,
such that the PME was already damaged prior to the top overhaul.

19 If the propeller damage, excessive port stern tube bearing wear, vibration
and bent crankshaft whilst out at sea caused the PME to breakdown during the
Defendant’s short free running test at idle speed under no load after the top
overhaul, then I am most surprised that it did not break down much earlier
when the tugboat was journeying back to Singapore for repairs, during which
the PME was subjected to far more stringent operating conditions under load at
higher rotational speeds for a much longer operating period. Not only did the
PME not break down whilst out at sea before the Defendant’s post-overhaul free
running test on 31 January 2007, it also did not breakdown during the pre-
overhaul free running test on 16 January 2007. The PME could still be cranked
by hand on 16 January 2007 when it was handed over to the Defendant for the
top overhaul, which is a good indication that there was no bent crankshaft
within the PME to begin with. Importantly, the PME was not seized up when the
Defendant took possession of the PME to perform the top overhaul. But the PME
came back seized up after the top overhaul and a post-overhaul free running
test by the Defendant. Logically, it could not have been the propeller damage,
excessive port stern tube bearing wear, excessive vibration and bent
crankshaft out at sea that (individually or cumulatively) caused the PME to
seize up, but something that the Defendant had done when the PME was under its
care.

20 The Plaintiff identifies the Defendant’s failure to prime the PME prior to
starting it for the post-overhaul free running test as the cause of the PME
seizing up. If the Defendant had done nothing to cause the PME to seize up,
then I would naturally expect the PME, after the top overhaul, to be able (at
the very least) to pass a free running test without load, similar to that
conducted on 16 January 2007 just prior to the top overhaul. But the PME could
not. It seized up within a few minutes of the Defendant starting the PME for
the post-overhaul free running test on no load and at idle speed after the top
overhaul. According to Mr Ryan, the PME was only run at an idle speed of up to
700 rpm and did not even exceed 1000 rpm during the post-overhaul free running
test of the PME on 31 January 2007 when it seized up. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

1DBA Tab 10 p 27 at para 3.1.11.3.

By comparison, the PME was put through a more stringent pre-overhaul free
running test on 16 January 2007 when it was run up to a much higher rated
speed of 1800 rpm, and yet it passed the test without any detrimental effects
(see [31]). If there was indeed such serious pre-existing vibration damage as
alleged by the Defendant, it is also very surprising that the PME did not
seize up during the far more stringent pre-overhaul free running test on 16
January 2007.

21 The Defendant harps on the point that a free running test does not prove
that the PME was in a “good serviceable condition” before the Plaintiff handed
over the engine for top overhaul, which the Defendant says is an essential
element or condition precedent for the purposes of the Plaintiff’s claim.

22 In my view, the Plaintiff only needs to prove that the engine was not
seized up and was at least in a good enough condition to pass a free running
test when it first handed over the PME to the Defendant for the top overhaul.
The Plaintiff need not prove that the PME was in a “good serviceable
condition” that could perform under load to its designed rated power and speed
(ie, engine performance specifications of a new engine). This is after all an
old engine. Nobody knows what the maximum power and speed of the old PME will
be, unless a full load test or perhaps a sea trial is conducted, but certainly
its performance cannot be as good as when it was new.

23 The more important point is that the Plaintiff delivered to the Defendant
an old PME that was at least in a condition that could pass a free running
test to the satisfaction of the Defendant. After “servicing”, the Defendant
returned an old PME, albeit top overhauled, that was not even in a condition
that could pass a free running test. The Defendant returned instead a seized
up or unworkable old PME to the Plaintiff. The bottom line is that the PME
could not even pass a free running test without load upon re-delivery to the
Plaintiff.

24 For the purposes of this case, I do not need to concern myself with the
maximum power and speed or actual condition or performance of the PME, and
whether it met the supposed standard of a “good serviceable condition” (a term
that is too vague for my consideration) for an old engine such as the PME,
when it was first delivered on 16 January 2007 to the Defendant for
“servicing”. In any event, I am not expecting the PME to pass a full load test
upon re-delivery by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, as long as it could pass a
free running test similar to that successfully carried out pre-overhaul on 16
January 2007.

25 The Plaintiff’s expert on vibration, Dr Yap Fook Fah (“Dr Yap”), opines
that the loss of mass from the propeller tip damage was “minuscule” and hence,
the imbalance was not likely to have triggered such excessive vibration as
would have caused engine damage. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 13 March 2017 p 55 line 17 to p 56 line 5.

I accept that this is more an educated guess than a proper assessment by Dr
Yap based on engineering calculations and analysis. Dr Yap could not perform
such an analysis not because he is incapable of doing so but because the data
required to perform such an analysis is simply not available. Neither has the
Defendant produced any engineering computations or quantitative analysis to
prove that the damaged port propeller tips would have transmitted sufficient
vibration over a sufficiently long period of time to cause damage to the PME.
It has only made a speculative bald assertion.

26 The Defendant’s experts, Mr Ryan and Mr Sivasothy, both of whom are not
qualified experts on vibration, unlike Dr Yap, are also in no real position to
assist the court on the question whether there was vibration-induced damage to
the PME as alleged by the Defendant.

27 On the totality of the evidence, I find that the Defendant has failed to
discharge its burden of proving that the damaged tips of the rotating port
propeller and/or the excessive port stern tube clearance generated vibration
so severe that it damaged the PME. In particular, it is implausible that the
vibration caused the engine crankshaft to be bent or cracked such that the PME
seized up within only a few minutes of being started on no load at idle speed
(albeit without any priming) after the top overhaul, despite not having failed
throughout hours of operation at sea prior to that. All the Defendant raises
are various possible causes for the engine seizure. It has not been able to
provide any concrete quantitative data or expert evidence of the nature and
degree of the vibration transmitted to the PME so as to transform these mere
possibilities into a probability. It has therefore failed to establish its
defence.

28 It may be relevant to note that although the starboard propeller was also
damaged, yet there was no damage to the SME, which is of the same make and
model as the PME. This shows how difficult it is to establish positively
whether or not vibration arising from a damaged propeller was indeed the cause
of the damage. I accept the Defendant’s argument that without more, the non-
damage of the SME “does not prove that the port propeller damage and worn down
stern tube bearing did not cause the PME damage”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 205.3.

Clearly, without measurements of the levels and duration of the vibrations at
the PME and the SME, it would be very difficult to determine whether or not
the vibrations at the PME were sufficient to damage it internally. Without
data for quantitative analysis, it is all too easy for experts in their
evidence and counsel in submissions to speculate that the PME suffered
vibration-induced damage prior to the Defendant’s top overhaul.

No pre-existing damage to the PME

29 On 8 January 2007, the tugboat was towing a barge from Banjamarsin to
Thailand. On 14 and 15 January 2007, the tugboat arrived in Singapore. Based
on the engine running hours, Mr Ryan concludes that “there is insufficient
evidence to suggest that the [PME] was not in use throughout the last voyage
from Port Banjarmasin. In fact, the complaint of vibration would suggest that
it was in use.” 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1DBA Tab 10 at p 15.

On 16 January 2007, a pre-overhaul free running test was conducted
successfully on the PME. From 16 to 31 January 2007, the PME was in the
custody of the Defendant for the top overhaul. On 31 January 2007, while the
PME was still in the custody of the Defendant, it seized up.

30 The Plaintiff submits that the PME was undamaged and completely operable up
to the time that the Defendant took custody of the PME for tests and top
overhaul. Except for damage to the propeller tips on both the port and
starboard propellers, there was no damage to the rest of the body of the
propellers, propeller shafts, gearboxes and their Vulkan couplings found on
the port or starboard side.

31 The most significant fact is the successful pre-overhaul free running test
of the PME on 16 January 2007 conducted by the Defendant. Initially, the PME
was run at 750 rpm for about 5 minutes. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE 22 August 2016 p 102 line 19 to p 103 line 1.

The PME was also successfully tested up to 1800 rpm, which is its top rated
speed, on 16 January 2007 by Mr Azahar. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 13 March 2017 p 195 lines 1–9.

There was only normal vibration. Mr McGurran is of the view, and I am inclined
to agree, that if the crankshaft had been so bent, cracked and damaged as to
lead to the damage observed during the post-overhaul free running test on 31
January 2007, that damage would have been so significant that the out-of-
balance forces in the engine would have been very noticeable on the pre-
overhaul free running test with quite severe vibration experienced. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 13 March 2017 p 195 line 12 to p 196 line 24.

32 I agree with Mr McGurran’s observation 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2PBA Tab 8 pp 31–32 at paras 114–117.

that the PME was started up and run the same way during the testing on both 16
January 2007 and 31 January 2007: the gearbox had not been connected, the PME
was not on load and the PME was not primed before being started up on either
occasion. However, the PME did not break down during the pre-overhaul testing
on 16 January 2007. The only difference was that no priming was needed before
starting the PME during the pre-overhaul free running test because the lube
oil had not been changed and the PME had not shut down longer than five days
yet, whereas priming was needed for the post-overhaul free running test as
stipulated by the Engine Manual because there had been a complete change of
lube oil and the PME had been shut down for 15 days during the top overhaul.
There were also no excessive vibration or unexpected engine sounds observed
during the pre-overhaul free running test on 16 January 2007 by the Defendant.
The PME was handed over to the Defendant in a completely operable condition,
at least in the sense that it passed the pre-overhaul free running test up to
its rated speed of 1800 rpm without unusual vibrations or engine sounds
observed. Very importantly, the PME could also be cranked manually with no
problem. But after the repairs by the Defendant and the subsequent breakdown
on 31 January 2007 within a few minutes of the post-overhaul free running test
conducted by the Defendant, which did not even exceed 1000 rpm (a much lower
speed than that tested during the pre-overhaul free running test), the PME
seized up and could no longer be manually cranked thereafter.

33 Mr McGurran concludes, and I agree, that the fact that the engines could be
cranked before the repairs showed that the cause of the breakdown was not
inherent in the engine before the repairs. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 10 at para 32.

Mr McGurran explains that if the crankshaft was already damaged or if there
was some unknown inherent problem in the PME that would cause the engine
crankshaft to seize up, then the engine would not have cranked; but it did
crank during the pre-overhaul free running test on 16 January 2007. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 10 at para 34.

I find Mr McGurran’s explanation to be very logical and reasonable.
Furthermore, the Defendant had also reported that it “did not find any
abnormality or difficulty in cranking the engine which was apparent during
valve setting/adjustment process” 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 92.

at the time of the top overhaul, which was prior to starting the PME for the
post-overhaul free running test without priming on 31 January 2007.

34 On the totality of the evidence, I find on a balance of probabilities that
there was no pre-existing damage to the PME, in particular an already bent and
cracked crankshaft as alleged by the Defendant, before it was handed over to
the Defendant for the top overhaul.

Why lack of priming was the probable cause of the engine damage

35 It is not disputed that the PME was shut down for a total of 15 consecutive
days from 16 to 31 January 2007 for the top overhaul performed by the
Defendant. The lube filters and lube oil were changed during the top overhaul.
It is unclear if the instructions in the Engine Manual to fill the oil filters
up to the brim with lube oil before installing them on the PME were strictly
followed. If not, it would mean that more air was present in the lube oil
system, and it would have taken a longer time to remove all the air in the
system before the lube oil could fully circulate throughout the lube oil
system to lubricate the various parts of the engine.

36 It is also not disputed that the Defendant’s technician did not prime the
PME as required by the Engine Manual before starting it on 31 January 2007 for
the post-overhaul free running test. The Engine Manual states 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DCB 543 (2DBD 649).

the following at p 1-7:

Starting Procedure – After Extended Shutdown or Oil Change

Complete the following steps after each oil change, or after the engine has
been shut off for more than five (5) days to make sure the engine receives the
correct oil flow through the lubricating oil system.

• Disconnect the electrical wire from the fuel pump solenoid valve.

• Rotate the crankshaft, using the starting motor, until oil pressure appears
on the gauge or the warning light goes out.

[emphasis added]

37 The Defendant's literature, “Analysis and Prevention of Bearing Failures”,
Exhibit D6 at p 7, states that as many as 15 to 20 seconds may be required to
establish sufficient oil flow through an engine after engine shutdown and
explains why there can be bearing failure:

As much as 15 to 20 seconds can be required to establish sufficient oil flow
through the engine after starting, depending on the engine temperature at
shutdown and how long the engine has been shut down. If the engine is
accelerated to high speeds within a few seconds after starting and before
sufficient oil flow is established, the chances are that some bearings will
not receive adequate lubrication to prevent wiping.

Wiping damage occurs quickly; thus, the bearings will be destroyed if wiping
conditions exist for more than a few moments. …

[emphasis in original]

38 Mr McGurran refers to the Engine Manual under the heading of “Engine Warm-
Up” to emphasise that time is needed for the lube oil pressure to be built up,
for the engine to reach normal operating pressures and temperatures and for
the lube oil to pass through the entire system before the engine can be
switched on in full. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 33 at para 123 and p 34 at para 125.

The Engine Manual states at p 1-7:

Engine Warm-Up

When engine is started, it takes a while to get oil film re-established
between shafts and bearings and between pistons and liners. The most
favourable clearances between moving parts are obtained only after all engine
parts reach normal operating temperature.

Allow engine to run at 800 RPM to 1000 RPM for 4 to 5 minutes before engaging
the load. During the next 10 to 15 minutes, or until water temperature reaches
71 to 74 degrees C …, operate at approximately 75 percent of governed RPM.

In most applications, engine idle speeds are 600 to 800 RPM; however,
parasitic load may require a slightly higher speed setting to smooth out
operation.

[emphasis added]

39 The exact parts of the PME that were damaged on 31 January 2017 were the
“shafts and bearings”. This, according to Mr McGurran, resulted from a lack of
priming when starting the engine. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 34 at para 124.

The procedure of removing the electrical wire from the fuel pump solenoid
valve during priming is necessary to stop fuel flow to the engine and prevent
the start of the engine operating under fuel combustion (see [36]). I agree
with Mr McGurran that it is important that the engine should not be started
before the lube oil pressure is built up in the engine after an extended
shutdown. The starter motor must first be used to gently rotate the crankshaft
of the engine until it appears from checking the oil pressure gauge that
sufficient oil pressure is built up. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 35 at para 126.

Only after that is achieved should the engine be started with fuel flow
connected, enabling the engine to run under fuel combustion.

40 Exhibit D6 at p 10 explains how seizure can take place when there is a lack
of lubrication:

When lack of lubrication is more substantial or lasting for an appreciably
longer time, bearing surface temperatures rise dramatically. Expansions and
distortions of the bearings and the journal occur with increased temperatures.
Clearances are closed up. The increased severity of the metal-to-metal contact
along with the rising temperature burn away what lubricant is left in the
journal so that temperatures are further elevated on a compounding basis.
Seizure then takes place, tearing the bearing surface and/or spinning the
bearing in the bore. In some instances, the bearings can be completely
destroyed.

41 Mr McGurran opines that the fact that the PME had been shut off for 15 days
and a complete lube oil change carried out meant that there would be no lube
oil pressure in the engine unless the engine was first primed as required by
the Engine Manual. Lube oil would not circulate immediately upon starting the
PME. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 32 at para 118.

Mr McGurran explains that when the engine is shut off, the lube oil pump stops
generating lube oil pressure and the lube oil pressure starts to fall.
Priming, according to Mr McGurran, is the process of restoring the lube oil
pressure and ensuring that the entire lube oil system is filled with oil
without pockets of air, after the pressure drops due to shutting off the
engine. It is the lube oil pressure which forces the lube oil through the
engine, which keeps the metal parts of the engine that come into contact from
damage. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 33 at para 122.

The Defendant had found no trace of lube oil at the crankshaft journal at the
time of the damage inspection of the PME. Mr McGurran says this is significant
as it shows that the crankshaft was not receiving lubrication or sufficient
lubrication, indicating strongly that insufficient lubrication was the cause
of the PME damage. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 31 at para 112.

Mr McGurran concludes that the lack of priming was clearly the cause of the
PME damage. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 32 at para 118.

42 After considering all the evidence, I find on a balance of probabilities
that the failure of the Defendant’s technician to prime the PME prior to
starting it for the post-overhaul free running test is the proximate cause of
the damage to the PME on 31 January 2007 for the reasons stated by Mr
McGurran. I do not accept the evidence of Mr Ryan that DW4 Mr Murali Arumugham
(“Mr Arumugham”) did not need to follow the Engine Manual’s instructions and
prime the engine because his 15 years’ experience and specialist knowledge
allowed him to assess if the procedure was required to be followed. Mr
Arumugham has not provided any evidence of any technical assessment he made at
that time allowing him to come to the conclusion that he could ignore the
instructions given in the Engine Manual in relation to priming. Nor did Mr
Arumugham say that he had attended any special training by the Defendant
detailing the conditions under which priming need not be carried out, contrary
to the Engine Manual. Neither has the Defendant produced any training
materials for its technicians to show the conditions (if any) under which
priming as required by the Engine Manual could be dispensed with.

43 I do not accept the bald statements of Mr Sivasothy and Mr Michael Drew
that no priming is needed before starting an engine such as the PME even if it
was shut off for months. The Defendant has produced no documentary evidence to
support these claims. The Defendant’s claim that its engines do not need
priming was made only in 2011, some four years after the damage to the PME
occurred, even though the Plaintiff had accused the Defendant of not priming
the PME soon after the PME’s seizure.

44 The Defendant submits that since no damage was found on the SME, which had
been similarly top-overhauled and allegedly started without priming for its
post-overhaul free running test, the damage to the PME could therefore not
have been caused by the non-priming. DW1 Matthias Manohar and DW2 Aung Soe
testified that they did not pre-lubricate the SME before starting it for the
free running test on 31 January 2007. The Defendant submits that this proves
that the lack of priming could not have been the cause of the seizure of the
main engine bearing of the PME.

45 The Plaintiff, however, disputes that the SME was not primed before the
engine was started for its post-overhaul free running test. The Plaintiff
relies on a contemporaneous Chief Engineer’s statement 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

PBD 129.

(admissible under s 32(1)(j)(i) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) as
the Chief Engineer had passed away) to show that the SME was primed unlike the
PME. Mr McGurran opines that it is likely that the SME was primed before the
engine was restarted after the top overhaul. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2PBA Tab 8 pp 39–40.

46 In any case, even if it were true that the SME was not primed, the mere
fact that the SME did not seize up does not prove that a similar failure to
prime the PME can never result in accidental damage to the PME. The Defendant
may simply be lucky that the SME did not seize up and the risk of engine
damage did not materialise (assuming that priming of the SME was in fact not
carried out). If there can be no such risk of engine damage without priming,
then it makes no sense for the Engine Manual to set out a priming procedure to
be followed. It would be a complete waste of time for the technicians to carry
out such a procedure.

47 The Defendant submits that since the fuel lines were empty after a top
overhaul, the PME would not fire immediately upon pressing the start button.
The evidence of the Defendant’s service technicians was that the start button
was pressed three to four times before the PME started. The Defendant contends
that this would have caused the PME to be pre-lubricated before the engine
fired.

48 Mr McGurran rightly disagrees that the instructions in Engine Manual can be
ignored. He opines that the failure to prime the engine as required by the
Engine Manual is courting an accident of engine damage. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2PBA Tab 9 at paras 9h–9l.

The Foreword to the Engine Manual states, “This manual contains information
for the correct operation and maintenance of your Cummins engine.” 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 76.

The Plaintiff submits and I have no reason to disagree that Mr Arumugham’s
omission of priming that day was a lazy and haphazard way to start the PME,
done without regard to the potential risk of causing damage to the engine, and
not attributable to some purported specialist skill on Mr Arumugham’s part.

49 I find the explanation by Mr McGurran to be more technically logical as to
why priming is needed prior to starting an engine that has been out of use for
a long period of time and where there has been a complete change of lube oil.
This is to avoid the risk of engine damage. The lube oil pressure takes time
to build up in order to fully lubricate the engine. If the engine is out of
use for a long time and/or where there is a complete lube oil change, the lube
oil drains out from the lube oil system especially in the suction or intake
portion of the lube oil pump as it is sited above the lube oil level in the
engine sump. This is all the more so when the lube oil has been changed.

50 When the engine starts, the crankshaft which is mechanically linked to the
lube oil pump will turn the pump immediately. However, it takes time for the
lube oil pump to suck out the air first on the intake side of the pump before
it can suck the oil from the sump and begin to pump the oil under pressure
past the oil filters to the rest of the oil channels in the engine to the
various bearings that need the lubrication. Without priming, before there is
time for the lube oil pressure to build up and push the lube oil to reach and
lubricate the main bearings, the main bearings may burn and seize up if they
are starved of lube oil. However, where there is priming prior to starting the
engine, this will not happen. The priming ensures that all air is removed from
the oil channels, that the lube oil fills up the entire lube oil system
(including the oil filters, even if there has been a failure to pre-fill the
new oil filters with lube oil prior to installation on the PME during the oil
filter change), and that there is pressurised lube oil within the lube oil
system prior to starting the engine with fuel. Upon starting the engine with
fuel after priming, the pressurised lube oil will almost immediately circulate
to lubricate all the moving parts of the main engine and in particular the
main engine bearings. The risk of damage to the main and other bearings is
minimised or removed. Hence, the Engine Manual requires priming to be carried
out prior to starting with fuel when there has been a lube oil change or when
an engine has been shut down for more than five days.

Defendant’s theory that non-priming was not the cause of the engine damage

51 The Defendant submits that there would be lube oil flow immediately upon
starting the engine without first having to pre-lubricate the engine because
the oil pump was working and there was sufficient oil in the sump when the PME
was started on 31 January 2007. Mr McGurran disagrees with this and has given
his reasons why that would not be the case, and I agree with his expert
opinion on this.

52 Further, there are too many unknowns and assumptions inherent in the
Defendant’s submission of an immediate lube oil flow to the journals and
bearings upon starting the engine to make this a reliable submission of fact.
It is, for instance, not known if the new oil filters were completely topped
up with lube oil before they were attached to the PME. It is not known how
much of the oil in the rest of the lube oil system had drained out after the
complete lube oil change and after the engine had been idle for 15 days. The
suction or intake portion of the lube oil pump would necessarily be drained of
lube oil after the complete lube oil change. Obviously, the greater the amount
of air in the lube oil system, the longer it will take for the lube oil pump
to remove the air within the lube oil system, and a longer time will elapse
before it can pump the lube oil to the required pressure for the lube oil to
reach and lubricate all the critical parts of the engine, in particular the
main engine bearings. If the lube oil flow expected at any of the critical
engine bearings is delayed in the case of an engine that is started and
running on fuel, the engine bearings that are starved of lube oil will heat
up, burn and seize up. What is clear is that there is a very real risk of a
lack of lubrication and hence engine bearing failure and engine seizure if the
engine is not primed as required by the Engine Manual. That risk was
especially high in this case, where there was a complete lube oil change, all
oil filters had been replaced, and the PME had been idle for some 15 days. By
starting the PME with fuel without priming on 31 January 2007 after the top
overhaul, the Defendant’s technicians were running a very real risk of engine
seizure, and unfortunately for the Defendant, that risk in my view
materialised within a few minutes of the engine running despite being on no
load and under low rpm.

53 Mr Sivasothy advances the argument that if the lack of lube oil due to the
absence of priming is the cause of the failure, then it is odd that there is
no damage to the conrod bearings and small end bearings which are the last in
the lube oil system to receive oil. Oil flows through the main bearings first.

54 I find that Mr Sivasothy’s theory may perhaps be more applicable to a
situation of an engine already running under full load condition and operating
with full lube oil circulation before suddenly losing lube oil pressure and
lube oil circulation. Exhibit D6 at pp 46–49 shows a lack of lubrication
damage pattern purposely created by a lack of lubrication test in the
laboratory, where an engine with new bearings was run and stabilised at rated
power and speed (ie, maximum designed power and speed) and then the oil pan
drain plug was removed. After about six minutes, the oil pressure began to
fluctuate, indicating that the oil level had been lowered sufficiently to
allow air to be drawn into the lube oil system. Immediately, the engine began
to slow down and was stopped. The conrod bearings were found to be severely
damaged but the main bearings were only wiped or slightly wiped, as in Fig. 25
and Fig. 26 of Exhibit D6 respectively. Whilst this may show that the conrod
bearings would likely be the first to be damaged under this set of conditions,
it must be pointed out that the engine during the test was operating under
full load rated condition at maximum rated speed with full lubrication before
loss of lubrication was induced. Understandably, with the engine running at
full load, the “rod bearings are more heavily loaded and have less oil film
thickness than the main bearings; therefore, rod bearings are first to sense
loss of oil pressure” (Exhibit D6 at p 10).

55 However, the test situation mentioned above is entirely different from the
situation that took place during the Defendant’s post-overhaul free running
test, where the PME was not placed on any load, run at very low speed and
there was no full lubrication to begin with due to the lack of priming before
starting the engine. That situation was far removed from the former, where the
engine was running with full lubrication and at full load before lubrication
starvation was deliberately induced.

56 To extrapolate the full load test situation to the Defendant’s post-
overhaul free running test when there was no full load does not appear to me
to be sensible as the operating load conditions are so different. Just because
the conrod bearings were not damaged first does not mean that the lack of
priming could not have been the cause of the main bearing seizure in this
case.

57 Mr Sivasothy’s theory that the main bearings will be the last to be damaged
in the event of oil starvation is to a certain extent contradicted by the
Defendant’s own Exhibit D6 at p 11, which appears to me to suggest that if
there is a lack of lubrication and lube oil flow has not been established from
the time of starting the engine, the damage to the main engine bearings is
apparent even before failure is apparent in the smaller conrod bearings. See
Fig. 27 at p 50 of Exhibit D6. I accept that the passage at p 11 is in the
context of a cold start, when the temperature of the engine is below 1![Math
Equation](data:image/Png;base64,
iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAA8AAAATCAYAAABPwleqAAAAAXNSR0IArs4c6QAAAARnQU1BAACxjwv8YQUAAAAJcEhZcwAADsMAAA7DAcdvqGQAAADESURBVDhP1ZJtDcQgDIYxMxeYQMMszMIczAEKUICBGcAABhDQ5WnohSW33SWX+7En6VY+3hZanPzA08WlFNn3vY/OtNZ0Dau19tku9t6fjM3Af1kWcc5JCEGmaVJ/nmddd0Rb11UHgG8nYBOCMRtBMHAskC3nrIbPHNcgS0pJNxpjMj02IqKRCR+2bVOxXeEdl9U28R3/FY/FAq5BPeBSbAUjyAjFelVbvxdYjwlAlWOMOv5KDLSKLlh/x3fwUXzHI8UiB/XXBuTsct06AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)
and the lube oil is “extremely viscous”. The real significance is that there
is no lube oil flow to the bearings as the oil is “extremely viscous”. The
engine is started and run with “ether” instead of diesel fuel and at high
speed immediately after starting, before lube oil flow has been established.
The passage then states:

During the high-speed operation, one, two, or three main bearings can be
starved for oil and overheat to the point the bearing lining material melts.
Since the condition occurs before lubricating oil flow is stabilized, usually
one to three main bearings will be affected, although the rest of the bearings
can show some degree of wiping. …

Fig. 27 shows an example of this type [of] failure. In this instance, only one
main bearing (No. 3 main) seized. The upper rod bearings show some wiping
damage but otherwise no further distress appears. …

Other theories and possibilities raised by the Defendant

58 The Defendant raises many other theories and possibilities to explain why
the engine seizure was not due its non-priming of the PME.

59 The Defendant submits that the engine protection system would kick in to
stop the PME when insufficient lube oil pressure is detected. Since the engine
protection system did not kick in to stop the PME, there must have been
sufficient lube oil pressure in the PME throughout the period when the PME
started running until the time the PME seized up. This of course assumes that
there is an engine protection system in the first place and if so, that it was
in fact working at that time. The Defendant did not produce any witness who
had examined the PME on the vessel and who could testify that there was in
fact a functioning engine protection system on board the vessel that would
automatically shut down the PME if there was a failure of lube oil pressure in
the PME. On the other hand, Mr McGurran had personally inspected the PME on
board the vessel on 13 May 2012 and tested for the existence of such an engine
protection system. He found none. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2PBA Tab 8 p 36 at para 132.

I accept his evidence on this. What is also known is that the lube oil
pressure mechanical gauge and lube oil pressure switch on the PME were both
faulty at the material time, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

DCB 43 (1DBD 138).

which therefore means that the engine protection system, even if there was one
as the Defendant suggested, was not likely to be working as the alarm
protection device against lube oil pressure failure would have to be activated
by the lube oil pressure switch. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1DBA Tab 10 p 17 at para 3.1.6.2.

60 The Defendant also submits that the PME and SME did not start immediately
upon pressing the start button because the fuel systems were drained during
their top overhauls and the engines would have to be cranked a few times in
order for the fuel to flow from the respective fuel pumps through the empty
fuel lines to the engine cylinders before the engines could fire. The start
button of each engine would have to be pressed a few times before it finally
fired up. Mr Arumugham testified that the PME started after about three tries
on 31 January 2007. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE 22 August 2016 p 137 lines 8–14.

The electrical cranking of the engine itself each time the start button is
pressed would in turn operate the lube oil pump to pre-lubricate the PME
before the eventual firing of the engine. The Defendant postulates that the
fuel would only reach the pistons after the lube oil has lubricated the
bearings. I do not know how that conclusion is arrived at. The Defendant is
merely engaging in speculation. There are again too many unknowns to be able
to tell whether the fuel will reach the engine cylinders first or the lube oil
will fully lubricate the bearings first. For example, all the lube oil filters
were changed but it is unclear how completely (if at all) all the new lube oil
filters were pre-filled with lube oil before being installed on the engine in
accordance with the Engine Manual. Not completely pre-filling these new oil
filters with lube oil would have increased the volume of air in the lube oil
system and extended the time needed for the lube oil to reach the bearings
after starting the engines. Furthermore, as the fuel tanks are situated above
the engines, there would be positive gravity feed of the fuel into the fuel
lines. The Defendant assumes that the fuel lines had remained largely empty
such that time was needed for the fuel to reach the engine cylinders upon
starting the engine. When there is positive gravity feed of fuel into the fuel
lines, I am inclined to believe that it is more likely that over a period of
time, the fuel under pressure would fill up the fuel lines leading out from
the fuel tank above the engine to the point where there is a non-leaking and
non-faulty valve at the fuel pump to positively stop the fuel from reaching
further down the fuel lines past the fuel pump to the engine.

61 Similarly, the Defendant’s argument that there was sufficient lube oil
pressure because the PME ran for five to seven minutes without failing does
not establish that there must also have been lubrication for the critical
first 15 seconds or so after the engine had fired. I am not surprised that,
after wiping damage was caused to the bearings within the initial 15 seconds
or so without lubrication, it took slightly longer for the engine to finally
seize up after more damage was built up in the bearings during the running
phase. Although lube oil might have begun to flow later, it might have been
too late to save the already damaged bearings but in time to lubricate other
bearings such as the conrod bearings, turbochargers and rocker lever arms,
thus giving the appearance of full lube oil circulation and masking the fact
that the initial critical phase might not have had full lube oil circulation.
As can be seen, there are again too many unknowns implicit in the Defendant’s
argument and many speculative possibilities may be argued. The risk of engine
damage if the engine runs for at least 15 seconds with engine lube oil
pressure below 12 psi, based on the Defendant’s Marine Application Bulletin on
Controls, Gauges and Alarm Engine Protection, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Exhibit D7.

does not mean that there will be an instantaneous catastrophic engine failure
exactly at the end of those 15 seconds (which appears to be the logical basis
of the Defendant’s argument). The Defendant’s literature, Exhibit D6 at p 7
(see [37]) explains that as many as 15 to 20 seconds may be required to
establish sufficient oil flow. (In fact, I believe that estimate is premised
on no new oil filters being changed during the shutdown, so the oil filters
would remain full with lube oil even after the shutdown.) Consequently, if the
engine were to be accelerated to high speeds within a few seconds after
starting, some bearings would not receive adequate lubrication to prevent
wiping. If some wiping of bearings had taken place, and if the engine were to
continue to run, the damage would be exacerbated to the point of catastrophic
failure as happened here after some five to seven minutes.

62 Another theory of the Defendant is that the fact that there was no damage
to the pistons 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 252.4.

and no sudden shock or sudden jolt 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 248.

when the PME seized up during the free running test by the Defendant on 31
January 2007 means that the crankshaft must have already been damaged, ie,
cracked and bent earlier due to vibration, and not damaged due to some sudden
breakage or failure. I note that this theory contradicts the Defendant’s
earlier postulation that there must have been some “sudden impact” out at sea
because the rotating port propeller had suddenly struck some object, as could
be seen from the damaged propeller tips (see [9] to [13]). By the Defendant’s
theory, if there had been a sudden impactful force sufficient to bend and
crack the very strong crankshaft, then the pistons must also have been
damaged. Since there were no damaged pistons, there could not have been any
sudden impactful force. The Defendant therefore mounts incompatible theories
and this shows the unreliability and weakness of the Defendant’s case
theories.

63 Even if the Defendant now eschews the “sudden impact” theory in favour of
the theory of vibration being the cause of the damage, it should be noted that
the latter theory bears similarities to the Plaintiff’s case. According to the
Defendant, the mechanism by which the bearing failure is caused, leading to
deformation of the crankshaft, is the disruption of the lube oil film 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 219.

at the main bearings and crankshaft due to abnormal torsional vibration. The
basic point still remains that it was lubrication failure resulting from
vibration that eventually led to the crankshaft becoming bent and cracked, and
the main bearings and journals severely wiped out and unevenly scored. The
Plaintiff also grounds its case on the failure of lubrication caused by the
Defendant’s failure to prime the PME prior to starting it. Both sides rely on
the failure of proper lubrication as the cause of the eventual damage. The
only difference between the Plaintiff and the Defendant appears to be the
reason for the failure of proper lubrication.

64 What remains very clear is that the catastrophic failure of the PME
occurred soon after the Defendant’s failure to prime the engine. The
Defendant’s vibration theory speculates that prolonged excessive vibration
whilst the tugboat’s engines were in use out at sea (a) disrupted the lube oil
film and gradually caused the crankshaft to be bent and cracked; 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 253.

and (b) caused the main bearings and journals to be badly wiped out due to
prolonged intermittent metal to metal contact (wiping). 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 222.

As a result, while the PME could still pass the pre-overhaul free running test
without problem on 16 January 2007, it had been brought just to the brink or
verge of catastrophic failure by the Plaintiff and it was simply “bad luck”
that the PME suddenly suffered catastrophic seizure only in the five to seven
minutes of the Defendant’s less stringent post-overhaul free running test on
31 January 2007. I find it hard to buy the Defendant’s argument. The
statistical probabilities do not favour the Defendant. If the crankshaft was
already permanently deformed or bent and cracked, and the main bearings and
journals were already badly wiped out through excessive vibration before the
engine was turned over to the Defendant for top overhaul, it is most
surprising that the PME could so easily pass the more stringent pre-overhaul
free running test conducted by the Defendant on 16 January 2017 without
seizing up. The whole purpose of the Defendant conducting the pre-overhaul
free running test was to establish, for itself at least, that it was not
taking over a seized up engine for top overhaul. The Defendant had the full
opportunity to examine and test the PME prior to taking over. The Defendant
surely would not want to take over a seized up engine merely for a top
overhaul. A seized up engine would require a major and complete overhaul. The
burden is on the Defendant to prove that the crankshaft was already severely
bent and cracked and the bearings and journals badly wiped when it first took
over the PME for top overhaul, despite the fact that the Defendant was
satisfied with the PME’s performance during the pre-overhaul free running test
that it conducted. On the totality of the evidence, I find that the Defendant
failed to discharge its burden.

Engine Test Report

65 The Defendant filed Summons No 2788 of 2016 (“the Summons”) on 8 June 2016
to adduce further evidence of a test on whether the Defendant’s new KTA 50-M2
engine, a similar model to the PME, would seize up and be damaged if it was
started without priming after a top overhaul and an oil change, after having
been shut down for 16 days.

66 I dismissed the Summons, not only on the basis that it was made very late
in the day and in the midst of the ongoing trial after all the experts’
affidavits had been filed and exchanged, but also on the basis that a test on
a brand new engine of a similar model, even if admitted, would not assist me
in determining whether the PME, an old engine, would fail without priming.
After hearing further arguments and having considered the matter, my stand
remains unchanged.

67 It is rather speculative to assume that the non-priming test on a new
engine can be used to reliably predict the outcome for an old PME. A new
engine with brand new bearings and journals cannot be compared with an old
engine whose bearings and journals would have sustained a certain amount of
wear after many hours of operation. Even if non-priming during the starting of
a brand new engine causes no damage, it does not necessarily translate to the
same result for an old engine. An old engine may not tolerate as much abuse
through non-priming as a new engine. The lube oil pump of an old engine may
not have the same efficiency as the lube oil pump of a new engine in removing
the airlocks in the lube oil system, picking up suction, and then circulating
the lube oil under pressure in the lube oil system. Exhibit D6 at p 8 states
that bearings become more vulnerable to severe damage when lubricating
clearances are expanded, causing loss of lubricant retention. At p 9, it
states that where clearance has increased as a result of wear, the oil film
requires a longer period of time to form at starting conditions. Hence, the
degree of wear affects the clearances, which in turn affects the efficiency of
lubrication and the ability of the bearings to quickly develop an effective
hydrodynamic film for lubrication. Mr Ryan states that “lubrication of the
journal bearings requires the creation of hydrodynamic lubrication when
subjected to the operating pressures of the piston action” and engine failure
during the operational period “implies the inability of the bearings to create
an effective hydrodynamic film”. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

1DBA Tab 10 p 37 at para 3.2.2.3.

I would expect an old engine to have larger clearances due to wear and tear as
compared with a brand new engine. It therefore cannot be assumed that the old
PME has the same degree of lubrication efficiency as a new engine in terms of
the ability of its bearings to quickly develop an effective hydrodynamic film
for lubrication.

68 For an experiment to be of any use for predictive purposes, the conditions
should be made as similar as possible. There are too many unknowns when tests
on a brand new engine are used to predict the results for an old engine.
Another unknown factor is whether and to what extent the crew pre-filled the
new oil filters with lube oil before they were installed on the PME. The non-
priming test conducted on the new engine did not test whether there would be
failure when new oil filters had not been completely pre-filled with lube oil
before installation on the engine. The possibility that the new engine would
have failed if the oil filters had not been pre-filled cannot therefore be
eliminated. Whilst on this point, even if it is true that the Cummins KTA
50-M2 engine is used as standby generators for hospitals and data centres
throughout the world and starting without priming has not been known to cause
engine damage, it is quite clear that all the oil filters would be completely
filled with lube oil, as the lube oil within the oil filters would not be
drained off from the standby generators during prolonged non-operation of
these generators whilst on standby, which is equivalent to a shutdown. The
standby generators would certainly not have had empty lube oil filters prior
to emergency starting without priming.

69 In fact, comparing the PME to a brand new engine is less probative than
comparing the PME to the SME, which was likely of the same vintage. Even then,
as I stated at [46] above, the mere fact that the SME did not seize up despite
not having been primed (even if true) does not prove that accidental damage
can never result to the PME from a similar failure to prime. Seeing as the
comparison with the SME is not sufficiently convincing to refute the
Plaintiff’s case, the Engine Test Report would be even less so. Thus the
Engine Test Report adds no further evidential value as far as I am concerned.

70 In any event, the Engine Test Report is far less compelling than the
circumstances leading up to the PME seizing up, which strongly support the
Plaintiff’s case. The fact is that a working old engine that could pass the
pre-overhaul free running test was handed over to the Defendant, but seized up
in the hands of the Defendant after just five to seven minutes while
undergoing the less stringent post-overhaul free running test. The Plaintiff
points to a requirement in the Engine Manual that was not followed when the
Defendant started the PME post-overhaul without priming. The Defendant chose
to undertake a real risk of damage to a working old engine (ie, the PME) by
not adopting a procedure mandated by its own Engine Manual. If there had been
priming, even if the newly changed oil filters had not been completely pre-
filled with lube oil and there was air within any part of the lube oil system
(whether in the intake or output side of the lube oil pump), the priming
process with battery operation only (without fuel) would have filled the
entire lube oil system (including the lubricating channels) with lube oil, and
thereafter the PME, an old engine, could be safely started and run with full
fuel flow after the top overhaul. I find on a balance of probabilities that
the risk of engine damage unfortunately materialised in the hands of the
Defendant. The Defendant must therefore be held liable to the Plaintiff.

Conclusion on liability

71 On the totality of the evidence, I find on a balance of probabilities that
the Defendant damaged the PME because its technicians failed to prime the
engine before starting it on 31 January 2007, which led to the seizure of the
main engine bearings.

Damages

72 In support of its claim, the Plaintiff itemised the damages in its closing
submissions (at para 143) as follows:

Claim| Amount| Remarks  
---|---|---  
PME repair costs 61

##### Foot Note 61

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 59 (1PBA Tab 1 p 17). | $139,805.08| This was the cost charged by the Defendant for repairing the PME.  
Cost of replacement tugboat 62

##### Foot Note 62

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 62 (1PBA Tab 1 p 17). | $168,000| As a result of the breakdown, the Plaintiff chartered a substitute tugboat, the Marina Venus 2, from 1 February 2007 to 23 April 2007 at the cost of $168,000.  
Loss of use of tugboat 63

##### Foot Note 63

× 6th AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 4 (3PBA Tab 14 p 2). | $74,353.50| The amount was reduced from the original claim of $134,319.36.The Plaintiff could not charter a substitute vessel from 24 April 2007 to 23 May 2007, the date when the repairs to the PME were completed.  
Services when the tugboat was laid up while the PME was being repaired 64

##### Foot Note 64

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 68 (1PBA Tab 1 p 20). | $15,704 and $37,989| The services provided include the provision of staging, wharf space, etc.  
Port Dues 65

##### Foot Note 65

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 69 (1PBA Tab 1 p 20). | $210.90| Dues charged by the Maritime Port Authority of Singapore for a vessel’s stay in port.Due to the damage to the PME, the Vessel had to stay in port for an extra period for the repairs.  
ABS Class survey fees and expenses 66

##### Foot Note 66

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 70 (1PBA Tab 1 p 20). | $3,843| The fees were incurred for the PME damage survey.  
Survey Fees 67

##### Foot Note 67

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 71 (1PBA Tab 1 p 21). | $11,250|   
Bunkers consumed 68

##### Foot Note 68

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 72 (1PBA Tab 1 p 21). | $10,935.93| While the tugboat was in port awaiting the completion of repairs to the PME, she had to consume fuel for her auxiliary engines.  
Agency expenses 69

##### Foot Note 69

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, paras 74–76 (1PBA Tab 1 pp 22–23). | $10,477.42| All ships operating in Singapore are required to have a ship’s agent. These were the agency fees for the repair period.  
Superintendent fees 70

##### Foot Note 70

× 1st AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, para 73 (1PBA Tab 1 p 22). | $11,100| The Plaintiff’s superintendent attended to the tugboat because of the damage to the PME.  
Total | $483,668.83|   
  
73 The Defendant relies on a limitation of liability in its standard terms of
sales which it says form part of its Quotation No 4002562 (“the Quotation”)
dated and sent on 24 January 2007 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

1DBD 151.

to the Plaintiff in relation to the top overhaul of both of the tugboat’s main
engines. The Quotation, which is labelled “QUOTATION (Service)”, states the
Plaintiff’s order date as 24 January 2007 and the Plaintiff’s reference number
as “PU3202”, which is the name of the Plaintiff’s tugboat. Stipulated in fine
print at the bottom of each and every page of the Quotation is the following:

This quotation is subjected to the standard terms of sales. The said terms
shall become terms of any contract that may result from this quotation unless
they … have been limited[,] modified or excluded either expressly by this
quotation or expressly [by] written agreement reached after delivery of this
quotation but not otherwise. Standard terms of sales is available upon
request. The rights and obligations of this contract are not transferable
without prior consent of the seller.

74 The Defendant’s position is that pursuant to Condition 24 of the
Defendant’s “CONDITIONS OF SALES”, which it says is a part of the Defendant’s
standard terms of sales, its liability for damages is limited to merely the
price of the Quotation for the various repair works that it had quoted, ie,
$58,414.57 (excluding GST). Condition 24 reads as follows: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DCB 542; 2DBD 563.

Under no circumstance shall the [Defendant] be liable for special or
consequential damages for personal injury, loss or damage (including loss of
profits or other economic loss) in connection with or arising out of the sale,
supply, delivery, installation or use of any Merchandise. In any event,
liability shall in no case exceed the price of such Merchandise.

[emphasis added]

75 As a preliminary matter, the Plaintiff argues that the Defendant is not
entitled to rely on Condition 24 to limit its liability because the Defendant
failed to expressly plead that Condition 24 has been incorporated into the
contract. I do not accept the Plaintiff’s objection. In its Defence filed on
26 April 2011, the Defendant pleaded (at para 6) the incorporation of its
standard terms of sales. The Defendant also pleaded (at para 20) that “under
no circumstances shall the Defendants be liable for special or consequential
damages (including loss of profits or other economic loss) in connection with
or arising out of the Works, and that in any event, liability shall not exceed
the price of the Works”, which is essentially the language employed in
Condition 24. Further, in its reply to the Plaintiff’s request for further and
better particulars dated 20 July 2011, the Defendant expressly stated (at para
10) that “Clause 24 of the Defendants’ standard terms of sale”, ie, Condition
24, is the term that provides for the limitation of liability pleaded at para
20 of the Defence. I find that the Defendant’s pleadings were “sufficiently
clear to allow [the Plaintiff] a fair opportunity to meet it”: see Bumi Geo
Engineering Pte Ltd v Civil Tech Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 1322 at [46], quoting
Dare v Pulham (1982) 148 CLR 658 at 664. The Plaintiff had sufficient notice
of the Defendant’s reliance on Condition 24 in order to respond to it.

76 The Defendant next submits that Condition 24 should apply to limit its
liability to the price of the Quotation. According to the Defendant, the
Quotation had been accepted via the oral instructions of the Plaintiff’s Lim
Mau Lin to “proceed with the repair, on the agreed parts that require to be
replaced”, which were documented in the email sent from the Defendant’s S
Saravanan to Lim Mau Lin on 26 January 2007 at 9.19am. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DCB 65 (1DBD 161).

77 The Plaintiff disagrees, submitting that the terms of the contract should
instead reflect its own terms and conditions contained in Purchase Order No
11569 (“the Purchase Order”) dated 24 January 2007. The Purchase Order states,
inter alia, that: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

PBD 56.

This Purchase is governed by “Standard Terms and Conditions of PAN-UNITED
SHIPPING PTE. LTD.” … [A] copy will be provided upon request.

The Plaintiff argues that its own terms and conditions should prevail over the
Defendant’s standard terms of sales, so the Defendant’s liability should not
be limited to the price of the Quotation. According to the Plaintiff, the
contract incorporated the Plaintiff’s own terms and conditions rather than the
Defendant’s because the Purchase Order issued by the Plaintiff amounted to the
“last shot” in a “battle of the forms” between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant.

78 I pause at this juncture to first address the precise contents of the
Purchase Order. At the close of trial, I realised that it remained unclear
whether the columns titled “UNIT PRICE” and “TOTAL” in the Purchase Order were
in fact blank, as exhibited by the Defendant in S Saravanan’s Affidavit of
Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”) dated 16 April 2012 (at p 43), 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

1DBA Tab 5 at p 43 (1DBD 175).

or had in fact been filled up with the relevant prices when it was first sent
by the Plaintiff to the Defendant, as shown in Lee Boon Wah’s AEIC affirmed on
17 January 2013 (at p 45). 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

1PBA Tab 1 at p 45.

I thus sought clarification from the parties as to which copy shows the
Purchase Order that was actually sent from the Plaintiff to the Defendant.

79 Having considered the further submissions tendered by both parties, I find
that the blank Purchase Order exhibited by the Defendant is the copy that was
in fact sent from the Plaintiff to the Defendant for the following two
reasons. First, the Defendant’s copy was exhibited as an attachment to an
email sent from Lim Mau Lin to S Saravanan on 30 January 2007. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

1DBA Tab 5 at p 42 (1DBD 174).

This shows that the Plaintiff had in fact issued the Purchase Order on 30
January 2007, but backdated it to 24 January 2007. Conversely, the Plaintiff’s
copy was not exhibited as an attachment to any email sent from the Plaintiff
to the Defendant. Second, the Plaintiff itself also tellingly concedes in its
further submissions to the court that the Defendant’s copy of the Purchase
Order is a genuine copy. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Further Submissions dated 18 July 2017 at para 7(d); Plaintiff’s
Further Submissions 2 dated 21 July 2017 at para 3.

Insofar as the Plaintiff asserts that its copy of the Purchase Order is also a
genuine copy, and that the Plaintiff’s copy is simply an earlier copy
reflecting the parties’ agreed prices while the Defendant’s copy is the later
copy that was sent with the prices covered up, I reject the Plaintiff’s
explanation. It was entirely speculative and unsubstantiated by the evidence
adduced at trial.

80 Turning back to address the critical question of which party’s standard
terms applied to govern the contract, I find on a balance of probabilities
that the terms of the contract are governed entirely by the Defendant’s
standard terms of sale referred to in the Quotation, including Condition 24,
and do not include any of the Plaintiff’s standard terms and conditions. In my
judgment, the Plaintiff had accepted the Quotation via its oral instructions
issued at some time prior to 9.19am on 26 January 2007. If those oral
instructions to proceed had not been issued to the Defendant, I find it hard
to believe that the Defendant would have proceeded to perform and complete the
top overhaul of both of the main engines on the Plaintiff’s tugboat.

81 The Plaintiff objects to a finding that it orally accepted the Quotation on
the basis that this was not what the Defendant pleaded. To this end, the
Plaintiff refers to para 5 of the Defence, where it was pleaded that:

By a contract contained in or evidenced in writing by the Defendants’
quotation no 4002562 dated 24th January 2007, and accepted by the Plaintiffs’
purchase order of even date, the Plaintiffs engaged the Defendants to perform
a top overhaul on the engines more fully described in the Defendants’
quotation (“the Works”) upon the terms set out therein in relation to the port
and starboard main engines of the Tugboat.

[emphasis added]

In my view, this contention does not take the Plaintiff very far; the most
that can be said is that the Defendant has failed to prove that the Plaintiff
specifically accepted the Quotation by issuing the Purchase Order. The first
line of para 5 of the Defence clearly shows that the Defendant’s case has
always been that the contract was made subject to the terms in the Quotation.
It is accordingly open to the court to make a finding of fact regarding how a
contract on such terms was arrived at. The court, in finding that the
Plaintiff had orally accepted the Quotation, would not be deciding on an issue
that goes beyond the boundaries delineated by the parties’ pleadings.

82 Even if I am wrong in that regard, I also reject the Plaintiff’s submission
that its standard terms reflected in the Purchase Order were incorporated into
the contract. First, I agree with the Defendant that the Purchase Order was at
best a written confirmation of the Plaintiff’s earlier oral acceptance of the
Quotation because the Purchase Order was issued well after the Plaintiff’s
oral instructions to the Defendant to proceed with the repair and also after
the actual completion of the top overhaul on 30 January 2007.

83 Second, contrary to the Plaintiff’s contention, the Purchase Order could
not possibly be characterised as the “last shot” in a “battle of the forms”
between the parties. In a classic “battle of the forms” scenario, the “last
shot” must be a counter-offer, so that it can destroy the original offer and
constitute the terms on which any agreement is formed: see The Law of Contract
in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong, gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at
para 03.107; see also Butler Machine Tool Co Ltd v Ex-Cell-O Corporation
(England) Ltd [1979] 1 WLR 401. In this case, the Plaintiff has consistently
painted the Purchase Order as an acceptance of the Quotation. Also, it has
earlier been established that the Purchase Order does not provide any price
for the repair works (see [78]–[79] above). Hence, even on the Plaintiff’s own
case, the terms and conditions reflected in the Purchase Order cannot be
treated as constituting the terms of the contract because the Purchase Order
was merely intended to signify the Plaintiff’s acceptance (and not
replacement) of the terms reflected in the Quotation.

84 Third, the Purchase Order did not constitute a subsequent written agreement
to vary the terms of the concluded contract bearing the standard terms and
conditions reflected in the Quotation. As stated above, the Defendant’s
standard terms of sale may only be limited, modified or excluded expressly by
written agreement (see [73] above). The Plaintiff’s unilateral issuance of the
Purchase Order was thus not sufficient to vary the terms of the concluded
contract to reflect its own standard terms and conditions.

85 Having established that Condition 24 applies to possibly limit the
Defendant’s liability, I turn now to consider the ambit of the limitation of
liability provided for under the second sentence of Condition 24, which the
Defendant relies on (see [74] above). In my judgment, the term “liability”, as
reflected in the second sentence of Condition 24, should be construed to only
encompass the Defendant’s liability for “special or consequential damages”,
which is referred to in the preceding sentence of Condition 24. While it may
be argued that “liability” in the second sentence of Condition 24 could be
construed to encompass all liability (including liability for direct losses),
I am of the view that any such ambiguity ought to be construed strictly
against the Defendant. This reading tellingly finds support in the Defendant’s
express concession in its closing submissions that Condition 24 “only covers
losses falling within the 2nd limb of the test for remoteness of damage set
out in Hadley v Baxendale (1854) 9 Exch 341”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 348.

In other words, the Defendant impliedly admits that losses falling within the
first limb of the Hadley v Baxendale test do not fall within the limitation
set out in Condition 24.

86 I shall now examine the nature of the Plaintiff’s losses. I find that all
the items of loss claimed by the Plaintiff are losses flowing directly,
naturally and in the ordinary course of events from the Defendant’s breach
without other intervening causes and independently of special circumstances:
see Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd [2006] 2
SLR(R) 195 at [59] and [60]. They are therefore direct losses that fall within
the first limb of the Hadley v Baxendale test for remoteness of damage, and do
not amount to “special or consequential” losses capped by Condition 24. Hence,
Condition 24 does not apply to limit the direct losses claimed by the
Plaintiff.

87 The Plaintiff has also provided sufficient supporting evidence to prove the
quantum of all its direct losses (except for the two items below, namely the
“cost of replacement tug” and the “loss of use of tug”, for which I have
adjusted the quantum to be allowed).

Cost of replacement tugboat

88 The Plaintiff hired a replacement tugboat, the Marina Venus 2, on a time
charter dated 15 January 2007. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

DCB 41.

That was during the time when the Plaintiff decided that the tugboat was to be
dry docked in Singapore and repaired. This initial time charter had nothing to
do with the damage to the PME that occurred much later on 31 January 2007.

89 Under the time charter, the Marina Venus 2 was to be delivered on 17
January 2007 to the Plaintiff and there was a minimum of 15 days of hire at
$2,000 per day with an option to extend. Seven days’ notice had to be given
for early termination. At the earliest, the charter of the Marina Venus 2
could only end on 1 February 2007. Before the damage to the PME occurred, the
Plaintiff already committed the Marina Venus 2 on a second voyage from
Thathong to Bin Tri commencing on 28 January 2007 and ending on 7 February
2007 (“second voyage”). 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

DCB 557–558.

The expected date of the post-overhaul free running test on the PME was 31
January 2007.

90 I note that even if the PME did not sustain any damage on 31 January 2007
during the post-overhaul free running test, time would be needed for the
tugboat to sail to Thailand to take over the next voyage on 8 February 2007
from the Marina Venus 2. Given the seven days’ notice requirement for
termination, I do not see how the charter for the Marina Venus 2 could have
been terminated earlier than 7 February 2007.

91 Accordingly, I would allow the claim based on the Marina Venus 2 as the
replacement tugboat to commence only from the earliest date that the charter
for the Marina Venus 2 could be legally terminated if the PME had not seized
up on 31 January 2007. I find that the date would likely be 8 February 2007.
It was therefore not unreasonable for the Plaintiff to continue with the
charter of the Marina Venus 2 at $2,000 per day from 8 February 2007 as it was
clear by 31 January 2007 that its tugboat could no longer be used to replace
the Marina Venus 2 upon completion of its second voyage.

92 As the Defendant had advised the Plaintiff that the PME would be ready by
30 April 2007 and the sea trial by 5 May 2007, 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

1DBD 316.

the Plaintiff returned the Marina Venus 2 to her owners in anticipation of
this. Accordingly, the Marina Venus 2 was scheduled to go off-hire and be
returned to the owners on 25 April 2007. When the Defendant could not complete
the repair work on the PME on the dates as advised to the Plaintiff, the
Plaintiff tried to re-charter the Marina Venus 2 for a further period, but the
owners did not agree. The Plaintiff could not secure another substitute vessel
to take over from the Marina Venus 2 from 26 April 2007. This is
understandable as the further hire period required was a relatively short one
until the completion of the repairs to the PME.

93 I therefore allow the claim for the extension of the charter of the Marina
Venus 2 from 8 February 2007 to 25 April 2007 (a total of 77 days for which
the Plaintiff would have paid $154,000 for this portion of the time charter at
$2,000 per day). For the above reasons, the Plaintiff’s claim of a loss of
$168,000 (paid for the charter of 84 days from 1 February 2017 to 25 April
2007 at $2,000 per day) for the “cost of replacement tug” namely the Marina
Venus 2 is reduced to $154,000 (based instead on 77 days of hire from 8
February 2007 to 25 April 2007 at $2,000 per day).

Loss of use of tugboat

94 The Plaintiff initially claimed “loss of use of tug” of $74,353.50 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

See 6th AEIC of Lee Boon Wah at para 4 (3PBA Tab 14 p 2).

for the period from 23 April 2007 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

There is an error in the table provided at para 143 of the Plaintiff’s Closing
Submissions, which state the period to be from 24 April 2007 to 23 May 2007
(30 days of hire). See 7th AEIC of Lee Boon Wah affirmed on 14 March 2017 at
para 5.

to the date the repairs to the PME were actually completed on 23 May 2007 (a
total of 31 days), at $2,398.50 per day. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See 6th AEIC of Lee Boon Wah at para 4 (3PBA Tab 14 p 2).

95 The Plaintiff later realised that there was a mistake in this claim and
addressed this in the seventh AEIC of Lee Boon Wah, affirmed on 14 March 2017.
The claim for “loss of use of tug” is now amended to $67,158 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

See 7th AEIC of Lee Boon Wah affirmed on 14 March 2017 at para 12.

for the period from 26 April 2007 to the date the repairs to the PME were
completed on 23 May 2007 (a total of 28 days) at $2,398.50 per day.

96 This claim for “loss of use of tug” is based essentially on what the
tugboat could have earned in gross net profit for the Plaintiff had it been
operational during the period of 28 days with no damage to the PME by the
Defendant. The Plaintiff is claiming loss of profits during the time it was
deprived of the use of its own tugboat.

97 I am satisfied with the reasonableness of the calculations in the table at
p 4 of the 6th affidavit of Lee Booh Wah affirmed on 9 March 2017 showing how
the amount of loss of use per day of $2,398.50 is derived. The Plaintiff used
the actual operational data captured in its computerised records to compute
its gross profit margin when it was hiring the Marina Venus 2. These figures
are used as a proxy to compute the gross profit margin when operating its
tugboat PU3202 (ie, the tugboat with the damaged PME).

98 The table shows a total gross revenue of $967,434.89 for a total of 117
days of voyage. After deducting all the variable operating costs for fuel
($315,762.96), cleaning allowance ($1,341.43), loading port expenses
($46,849.50), discharging port expenses ($38,702.43), towing allowance
($3,300) and fresh water ($216.10), the gross profit margin is $561,262.47.
When divided by 117 days of voyage, the gross profit margin per day is
$4,797.11. As this gross profit margin per day is earned by two income-
producing assets, namely the Marina Venus 2 and the barge PU3303 under tow,
and as the total bareboat charter cost for each of these income-producing
assets is about the same (or more specifically 47.15% 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

The bareboat charter cost of the tugboat PU3202 in the table at p 4 of the 6th
AEIC of Lee Booh Wah affirmed on 9 March 2017 shows a total of $90,355.27. The
bareboat charter of the barge PU3303 shows a total of $101,260.22 for the same
period. Accordingly, the ratio of the bareboat charter cost of the tugboat to
the barge is 47.15%: 52.85%.

for the tugboat and 52.85% for the barge), the Plaintiff attributes half of
the gross profit margin per day of $4,797.11, ie, $2,398.50 of gross profit
margin to the tugboat in computing its claim for “loss of use of tug”.

99 If I were to be more accurate and base the attribution on the figures
produced by the Plaintiff that the bareboat charter cost of the tugboat alone
is only 47.15% of the total bareboat charter cost of both the tugboat and the
barge, then the total gross profit margin for the tugboat should be 47.15% of
$4,797.11, which is $2,261.84 per day of loss of use of the tugboat. I shall
use this figure as the best estimate of the loss of use of the tugboat given
the available data from the Plaintiff’s records.

100 I am satisfied from the evidence that the Plaintiff’s other tugboats were
fully deployed at the material time. The Plaintiff has produced sufficient
evidence to allow me to infer that it would have had no difficulty obtaining
charters for the tugboat for the further period from 26 April 2007 to 23 May
2007 (a total of 28 days) that would have enabled it to earn a gross profit
margin of about $2,261.84 per day had the tugboat not suffered any damage to
the PME. I therefore reduce the claim for “loss of use of tug” from $74,353.50
to $63,331.52 (ie, $2,261.84 × 28 = $63,331.52).

Reduction in damages

101 As I am allowing all the other items of direct loss claimed by the
Plaintiff in full, the total claim of $483,668.83 is therefore reduced by a
total sum of $25,021.98 on account of the reduction in both the amounts
claimed for the “cost of replacement tug” and the “loss of use of tug”. This
works out to be $458,646.85.

Conclusion

102 The Plaintiff shall have judgment for the total sum of $458,646.85 with
interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of writ to the date of this judgment
(less two years) and costs to be taxed unless agreed by the parties. In my
view, the Plaintiff has caused unreasonable delay of some two years in its
prosecution of its claim. I agree with the Defendant’s submission 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions dated 3 May 2017 at para 124.

that the six-year-long Suit could have been disposed of in much less time. I
exercise my discretion to deny the Plaintiff interest on the judgment sum for
two years.

103 If parties do not wish to be heard on costs, I will order costs to be
taxed by the Registrar if not agreed.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Tay Twan Lip Philip and Yip Li Ming (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Campos Conrad Melville and Charis Toh Si Ying (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for
the defendant.

  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

