Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 11

HC/Suit No 92 of 2015 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 94 of 2016)

Between

| Lim Poh Yeoh (alias Aster Lim)  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| TS Ong Construction Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil Procedure] – [Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Lim Poh Yeoh (alias Aster Lim)

  
v

  

TS Ong Construction Pte Ltd

  

[2017] SGHC 11

High Court — HC/Suit No 92 of 2015 (HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 94 of 2016)

Foo Chee Hock JC

5 September, 27 September 2016; 22 November 2016

  
31 January 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC

Introduction

1 In 2011, the plaintiff in HC/Suit No 92 of 2015 (“Suit 92”), Lim Poh Yeoh
(“the Plaintiff”) employed the defendant, TS Ong Construction Pte Ltd (“the
Defendant”) to construct a pair of three-storey semi-detached dwelling houses
with an attic and an open roof terrace. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Para 8 of Plaintiff’s Written Submissions (“P’s WS”) dated 5 Sept 2016.

Disputes arose and spawned the following proceedings: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Para 15 of P’s WS dated 26 Sept 2016. I have retained the description of the
parties as “Plaintiff” and “Defendant” when referring to them in the other
proceedings regardless of their positions therein.

(a) Suit 92: the present proceedings commenced by the Plaintiff wherein the
Plaintiff claimed for, inter alia, liquidated damages on the basis of delay in
completion of the construction works and unliquidated damages for defective
works. The Defendant filed a counterclaim for the unpaid sum owing to it for
the works it had completed. The value of the counterclaim was $248,195.40 (see
para 16 of Defence and Counterclaim), which was less than the sum of the
Plaintiff’s claim (ie, approximately $412,316) (see para 28 of Statement of
Claim).

(b) Originating Summons No 381 of 2013 (“OS 381”): the Defendant had
registered an adjudication determination (“the Adjudication Determination”)
(pursuant to the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act
(Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”)), wherein the Plaintiff was ordered to pay a
sum of $138,660.16, with interest and costs to the Defendant; leave was
granted to the Defendant to enforce the Adjudication Determination in the same
manner as a judgment or an order of court (“the Judgment Debt”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

See the order of court dated 14 May 2013.

This led the Defendant to take out several enforcement proceedings against the
Plaintiff (see para 26 of Defendant’s Written Submissions (“D’s WS”) dated 5
September 2016). First, it succeeded in obtaining a garnishee order against
the Plaintiff’s bank (ie, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited) through
which the Defendant managed to secure payment of the sum of $30,722.86. The
Defendant also obtained an order for the examination of judgment debtor and,
subsequently, a writ of seizure and sale against the Plaintiff’s property,
although United Overseas Bank as mortgagee of the property refused to consent
to the sale.

(c) HC/Originating Summons (Bankruptcy) No 66 of 2015 (“OSB 66”): the
Plaintiff applied to set aside a statutory demand issued by the Defendant. The
statutory demand was set aside by Edmund Leow JC in HC/Registrar’s Appeal No
350 of 2015. There is presently an appeal pending before the Court of Appeal
against Leow JC’s decision.

2 As a result of not having the various costs orders and the Judgment Debt
satisfied, the Defendant filed HC/Summons No 6188 of 2015 (“SUM 6188”) wherein
it asked for a stay of Suit 92 pending the payment by the Plaintiff to the
Defendant of all sums owed in respect of the orders of court made in OS 381
and OSB 66. The Assistant Registrar granted the stay.

3 In HC/Registrar’s Appeal No 94 of 2016 (“RA 94”) (ie, the present
proceedings), the Plaintiff appealed against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

In SUM 6188.

to stay Suit 92. It should be noted, however, that due to the statutory demand
in OSB 66 being set aside by Leow JC on appeal (in favour of the Plaintiff)
and due to the Plaintiff having paid the interlocutory costs orders which
arose in Suit 92, what remained unpaid by the Plaintiff to the Defendant (when
I made the present orders) were the outstanding costs and the Judgment Debt in
OS 381 only.

4 The central issue before the court was therefore whether Suit 92 should be
stayed because of the non-payment of the costs and the Judgment Debt. There
were two aspects to this issue:

(a) whether the court had the power to order such a stay; and

(b) if so, whether the court should exercise its discretion to order the stay.

5 On 22 November 2016, I delivered my decision to the parties wherein I
answered both of the above questions in the affirmative. I decided, however,
to grant the Plaintiff one final indulgence and allowed her (about) one month
to satisfy the outstanding costs orders and the Judgment Debt in OS 381; in
default all proceedings in Suit 92 were to be stayed.

6 The Plaintiff has now appealed against the whole of my decision.

Non-payment of costs

7 It was not disputed between the parties that the court has the power to stay
proceedings for the non-payment of costs. In this respect, the Defendant
submitted the following: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

D’s WS dated 27 September 2016, para 35.

This principle has been succinctly set out in Halsbury’s Law[s] of England vol
37 (4th Ed, 2001) at para 930, p 293 (see Roberto … at [20]), namely as
follows:

“Under its inherent jurisdiction the court has power to order the stay of
proceedings or further proceedings in a variety of circumstances. These
include power to stay proceedings … where the costs of a previous claim or
previous proceedings have not been paid.”

8 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, while accepting that the court has the
power to stay proceedings for the non-payment of costs, argued that a stay
should only be granted in exceptional circumstances. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

P’s WS dated 26 September 2016, para 3.

In summary, the Plaintiff asserted that the court should only stay proceedings
in one of the following two situations: (a) where the same plaintiff having
failed in one action, with costs ordered against him, brought a second action
for the same cause of action without paying the costs ordered in the first
action; and (b) where the non-payment of interlocutory costs orders was held
to be vexatious and where innocent parties would be affected and prejudiced. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

P’s WS dated 26 September 2016, para 3.

In the light of the above, the Plaintiff submitted that a stay for the non-
payment of costs should not be granted as “[w]hile all the … proceedings stem
from the same transaction, i.e. the construction contract between the parties,
the causes of action and the substance of the claims are different” 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P’s WS dated 26 September 2016, para 16.

[emphasis added].

9 I did not think, however, that the court should be constrained in the
exercise of its discretion in the pedantic and technical manner advocated for
by the Plaintiff. Neither should the two categories of cases identified by the
Plaintiff in which a stay of proceedings had been granted be a closed list. In
the present case, the Plaintiff had lost in other proceedings (ie, OS 381) and
incurred costs to be paid to the Defendant. I did not think that it should be
determinative that the Defendant was the claimant in the adjudication
proceedings under SOPA and correspondingly the Plaintiff was the respondent.
The fact remained that the Adjudication Determination, which formed the basis
of OS 381, arose from the same construction contract and, at the very least,
was one of the issues which would be canvassed in Suit 92. This was therefore
a situation where the same parties were involved and the same subject-matter
was engaged, with the SOPA proceedings being the precursor of the present
proceedings to finally resolve the parties’ dispute. Hence, I found that the
necessary nexus was present – OS 381 emanated from the same dispute (“the same
transaction, i.e. the construction contract” as the Plaintiff stated) that
animated the present Suit 92.

10 Ultimately, whether a stay should be granted in such a situation would
depend on the justice of the case and would include considerations such as
whether there had been an abuse of process although this would be balanced
against the right of the defaulting party to be heard. In Roberto Building
Material Pte Ltd and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd [2003] 2 SLR(R)
353, the Court of Appeal made the following observation (at [19]), albeit in
the context of whether a stay of an appeal for non-payment of costs in the
first instance hearing should be ordered:

Accordingly, the circumstances where such an order may be made must be rare
indeed. We do not wish to prejudge matters or lay down any definite
considerations. It is the twin criteria of prejudice/justice which would be
decisive. Purely as an example, if a plaintiff was required by the court below
to furnish security, and failed to do so, and the case went on to trial as the
defendant wished to have the matter disposed of expeditiously, and the
plaintiff then failed and appealed, this may be the sort of circumstance where
the appeal court could invoke that jurisdiction to order payment of the costs
below before the appeal may be allowed to proceed.

[emphasis added]

11 The twin criteria of prejudice/justice appeared to be similarly relevant in
the United Kingdom. An example would be that of the English decision of In re
Wickham, Marony v Taylor (1887) 35 Ch D 272 where the defendant sought a stay
of all further proceedings by the plaintiff until the latter had paid the
costs for certain interlocutory proceedings. In deciding to stay the
proceedings, Lindley LJ observed (at p 282) that while the non-payment of
costs per se was not ground for staying proceedings, “whenever it can be shewn
that a person is proceeding vexatiously in not paying costs which he has been
ordered to pay, the Court has jurisdiction to stay the proceedings” [emphasis
added].

12 In the present case, I found that the Plaintiff had the capacity and means
to pay the outstanding costs ordered but was simply refusing to do so. The
best case that Plaintiff’s counsel could put forward for her during the
hearing was to say that “Plaintiff has not said that she can pay but she has
not said that she cannot pay” (see Notes of Proceedings dated 27 September
2016). I note that the Assistant Registrar, in SUM 6188, had made the similar
finding that the Plaintiff was refusing to pay the sums owed. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Proceedings dated 26 February 2016, p 6.

Quite apart from the fact that the Plaintiff had never once asserted that she
was unable to pay the outstanding costs (and the Judgment Debt), her course of
conduct before me further reinforced my view that she had the means to pay but
chose to make a mockery of the court process. When RA 94 came before me on 5
September 2016, apart from the costs and the Judgment Debt in OS 381, there
was an outstanding amount of $500 costs which had arisen because of a prior
adjournment of RA 94. Additionally, at the hearing on 5 September 2016, I
allowed an application by the Plaintiff (ie, HC/Summons No 1703 of 2016 in
Suit 92) for an extension of time to serve the notice of appeal but ordered
the Plaintiff to pay costs of $800 to the Defendant. The matter was then
adjourned for written submissions on whether the court had the power to stay
proceedings for the non-payment of costs and the Judgment Debt. I further
directed that the Plaintiff should, by the next hearing, pay the said costs of
$500 and $800. Subsequently, on 26 September 2016, the Plaintiff filed her
written submissions where she took the position, as noted above (at [8]), that
a stay of proceedings should only be granted in the two enumerated
circumstances, one such circumstance being where the non-payment of
interlocutory costs orders in the same suit was vexatious.

13 At the hearing on 27 September 2016, the Plaintiff’s counsel then informed
me that all the interlocutory costs orders in Suit 92 had been satisfied and
submitted that since a stay should only be granted where the costs from
interlocutory proceedings in the same suit had not been paid, the court should
not order the stay (notwithstanding that the costs and the Judgment Debt in OS
381 remained unsatisfied by the Plaintiff). It was evident to me that the
Plaintiff was simply picking and choosing which outstanding orders of court to
comply with so that she would not contradict or weaken the legal position she
was adopting. This brought to light the Plaintiff’s attempt to game the system
and there was no reason to believe that the Plaintiff was unable to satisfy
the other outstanding orders of court. In this regard, I agreed with the
observations of the Assistant Registrar below that “[i]n effect, the
[P]laintiff will use the power of this Court when it suits her and disregard
it when it does not”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Proceedings dated 26 February 2016, p 6.

14 A stay of the proceedings would therefore not cause the Plaintiff
“prejudice” in the usual way that the concept was understood. This was unlike
the situation in Morton v Palmer (1882) 9 QBD 89 where it was noted by Cave J
(at p 91) that it would be “entirely contrary to justice” if the court
prevented a litigant from bringing a just claim simply because “he may be
unable to pay the costs of some interlocutory proceeding in which he may have
failed perhaps from no fault of his own” [emphasis added].

15 The above cases reminded us of an important safeguard: that the court
should be careful not to stifle a genuine claim. Indeed, the law and its
particular rules sought to hold the ring between parties. However, as against
a recalcitrant party who was gaming the system this way, there was no question
of stifling a genuine claim. The Plaintiff simply needed to play by the rules
and pay up the outstanding costs (which she was able to do) to re-activate the
present proceedings. In my view, her conduct amounted to an abuse of the
process of the court and could not be countenanced. I therefore ordered that
Suit 92 be stayed if the Plaintiff did not satisfy the outstanding costs
orders within a month.

Non-payment of judgment debt

16 The parties did not submit a direct authority addressing the court’s power
to order a stay in the face of non-payment of a judgment debt. I did take into
account, however, that one of the grounds on which the courts would exercise
its inherent power to stay proceedings was where the proceedings were “likely
to cause an abuse of process of court” (Singapore Civil Procedure 2017: Volume
I (Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) at para 92/4/4). The question
was therefore whether the Plaintiff’s conduct of the proceedings was or was
likely to cause an abuse of process.

17 It was relevant here to consider that the Judgment Debt originated from an
adjudication determination under SOPA, which was converted into a judgment
debt in OS 381. The policy and purpose undergirding SOPA was articulated by
Sundaresh Menon CJ in W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3
SLR 380 as follows (at [59]):

We have said above that the purpose of the Act is to ensure (inter alia) that
even though adjudication determinations are interim in nature, successful
claimants are paid. … If the respondent intends to apply for a review of the
adjudication determination, he must first pay the adjudicated amount to the
claimant: see s 18(3). If the respondent wants to set aside the adjudication
determination, he must pay into court as security the unpaid portion of the
adjudicated amount: see s 27(5). This requirement is repeated in O 95 r 3(3)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). These provisions all point
to one thing: where a claimant succeeds in his adjudication application, he is
entitled to receive the adjudicated amount quickly and cannot be denied
payment without very good reason.

[emphasis added]

18 The above cited passage was illustrative for at least two purposes. First,
it showed that the entire SOPA scheme was based upon successful claimants
being paid speedily. The concept of temporary finality found concrete
expression and implementation in the prompt payment by the employer (ie,
Plaintiff here) of any sums found due to the contractor (ie, Defendant) by the
adjudicator. The payment had to be made pending the resolution of the disputes
and issues in the underlying construction contract between the parties.
Amongst other purposes, the payment of sums found due would enable the
contractor to avoid cash flow problems and continue with the works under the
contract. When the underlying dispute in the construction contract was finally
determined – whether by litigation or arbitration – the accounts between the
parties would be adjusted by the appropriate order.

19 Secondly (and flowing from the first point), even if any respondent wished
to challenge the outcome of an adjudication determination, he must still
either pay the adjudicated amount to the claimant or pay the unpaid amount
into court as security. This point was germane in guiding my decision to stay
the proceedings if the Plaintiff did not pay the Judgment Debt. While I noted
that the Plaintiff was not in fact seeking to review the Adjudication
Determination, and therefore the above cited provisions did not apply to the
Plaintiff, it would be perverse for the reasons herein for her to be allowed
to deprive the Defendant of its right to prompt payment. The Plaintiff was
effectively choosing not to pay the Judgment Debt in the hope that upon having
the matter determined at trial, the court would find in her favour and she
would never have to pay this sum to the Defendant. I saw no reason why someone
in her position should be better off, for instance, than a respondent who was
seeking to challenge the validity of an adjudication determination (who would
be compelled to make the payment pursuant to provisions of SOPA before such a
challenge could proceed). In fact, it could be said that it was even more
imperative for someone in the Plaintiff’s position to pay the Judgment Debt in
the interim since she herself recognised the validity of the Adjudication
Determination.

20 I also took into consideration two Australian decisions which were cited to
me by the Defendant: Tombleson v Dancorell Constructions Pty Limited [2007]
NSWSC 1169 and Nazero Group Pty Ltd v Top Quality Construction Pty Ltd [2015]
NSWSC 232. In both cases, instead of applying to set aside the adjudication
determination in question, the plaintiffs sought an order quashing the
decision of the adjudicator and an injunction to prevent the enforcement of
the adjudication determination. In so doing, s 25(4) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (NSW), which provided that
the judgment debt must be paid into the court as security pending a setting
aside hearing, was not triggered. Against that backdrop, the Supreme Court of
New South Wales found that it could and should exercise its inherent power to
stay the proceedings until the plaintiffs paid the adjudicated sum into court
as security. While the facts of these two cases differed from the present one,
in my view, the common theme emanating from those decisions was that parties
should not be allowed to withhold payment of the adjudicated sum whilst
seeking to effectively overturn the adjudication determination at the same
time. The Plaintiff’s attempt to withhold payment while using Suit 92 to
overturn the Adjudication Determination must be construed as an abuse of the
process of the court.

21 Based on the Defendant’s research, this could be the first case where a
party in the Plaintiff’s position elected not to pay the judgment debt pending
the determination of their dispute in the underlying contract. It would be
fair to say that such unilateral action on the Plaintiff’s part drove a coach
and horses through the scheme established under SOPA and cynically defeated
its legislative intent.

22 While I noted that the Adjudication Determination in OS 381 only pertained
to one of the many claims which would be considered in Suit 92, it was again
significant to me that the Plaintiff was ultimately able but unwilling to pay
the Judgment Debt (as noted above at [12]). There was, therefore, to my mind
no issue of depriving her of the right of access to the court to have her case
heard in Suit 92 because it was within her control to pay the Judgment Debt
and have the matter revived.

Conclusion

23 I was also unconvinced by the Plaintiff’s argument that since enforcement
proceedings were available to the Defendant, a stay should not be granted.
Quite apart from the fact that the Defendant had satisfied me that it had
taken all reasonable steps to enforce the costs orders and the Judgment Debt
against the Plaintiff, I did not think that the availability of possible
enforcement measures which the Defendant could concurrently pursue should be a
fetter on the court’s power to stay the proceedings. In my view, the court
could not stand by while the Plaintiff was abusing its process; it was
incumbent upon the court to bring such abuse to an end. This was also to
disabuse the Plaintiff of any further ideas she might have of circumventing
the rules, for instance, by refusing to pay the Defendant (pending an appeal)
should she fail in Suit 92.

24 In the light of the Plaintiff’s deliberate conduct, I therefore found it
necessary to exercise the court’s inherent power to stay the proceedings in
Suit 92 until she paid all outstanding costs ordered by the court and the
Judgment Debt in OS 381. As noted above (at [5]), however, I granted her one
final indulgence to pay these outstanding sums; in default all proceedings in
Suit 92 were to be stayed.

Foo Chee Hock  
Judicial Commissioner

Joseph Ignatius and Chong Xin Yi (Ignatius J & Associates) for the Plaintiff;  
Alvin Chang and Hannah Alysha (M & A Law Corporation) for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

