Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 13

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2016/01

Between

Cher Ting Ting  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal procedure and sentencing] – [Bail] – [Show cause hearing] –
[Principles on forfeiture]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Cher Ting Ting

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 13

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9110 of 2016/01  
Chan Seng Onn J  
4 November 2016  

26 January 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 It has been said that the forfeiture of a bond provided by a surety is “in
no sense a penalty imposed on the surety for misconduct” and that it is “not a
fine and it is not a punishment either”: see R v Horseferry Road Magistrates’
Court, ex parte Pearson [1976] 1 WLR 511 at 514 and R v Tottenham Magistrates’
Court, ex parte Riccardi (1977) 66 Cr App R 150 (“Riccardi”) at 155. Yet it is
indisputable that the obligation entered into by a surety is a “very serious
obligation indeed” and “the burden of satisfying a court that the full sum
should not be forfeit is a very heavy one”: see R v Waltham Forest Justices,
ex parte Parfrey (1980) 2 Cr App Rep (S) 208 (“Parfrey”) at 211. There is
perhaps a tension between the characterisation of forfeiture as a non-criminal
matter and the robust approach taken by the courts toward forfeiture. The
assessment of the surety’s culpability – a concept that is central to the
theoretical underpinnings of criminal law – have long played a role in the
courts’ decisions on whether, and to what extent, forfeiture is appropriate. A
considerable amount of case law has accumulated regarding the approach towards
forfeiture, both locally and abroad. This case presents an opportunity to re-
examine the law on forfeiture and to restate, after an aggregation of the
relevant principles, the method of analysis.

2 This is a surety’s appeal against the decision of a District Judge that the
bond executed by the surety be forfeited in full. The surety had stood bail
for her younger brother, who failed to attend court and remains at large. The
District Judge found that the surety had failed to comply with her duties of
keeping in daily communication with her brother and ensuring that he was in
attendance in court. The surety appeals on the basis that the District Judge
erred in her findings and in her decision that the entire amount of the bond
should be forfeited. I will explain my decision and my reasoning thereto.

Background facts

The accused and his surety

3 The accused is Albin Cher Koh Kiong (“the Accused”). The Accused faces a
total of four charges under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) for
offences involving consumption and possession of controlled drugs and
possession of drug-related utensils, and two charges for criminal breach of
trust under s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

4 On 2 October 2015, the Accused’s sister Cher Ting Ting (“the Surety”) stood
bail for the sum of $60,000 for him. She signed the “Acknowledgement of Duties
as Surety” form, in which she acknowledged that she was willing and able to
stand as surety for the Accused in respect of the charges against him. The
Surety further expressed her understanding that, inter alia: 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Respondent’s Bundle of Authorities at p 4.

(a) it was her duty to ensure the Accused’s punctual attendance at all court
dates and times;

(b) as surety, she was to find out in advance all dates and times when the
Accused’s attendance in court was required;

(c) she was to ensure that the Accused complied with all bail conditions,
including the condition that the Accused would not leave Singapore unless
prior permission from the court was obtained;

(d) she was to remain in constant contact with the Accused and be aware of his
movements so as to ensure his compliance;

(e) if the Accused took ill on a court date, she was to ensure that the
Accused consult a doctor immediately and obtain a medical certificate stating
that the Accused was not fit to attend court, and thereafter attend court on
the Accused’s behalf to inform the court of the Accused’s condition and tender
the medical certificate to the judge; and

(f) she was required to keep in daily communication with the Accused and lodge
a police report within 24 hours of losing contact with him.

The Surety also indicated her awareness, within the same form, that her duties
as surety would continue until the conclusion of the proceedings or until she
was formally discharged as surety, and declared that she would faithfully
discharge her duties as surety and would forfeit to the State the bail sum of
$60,000 should she fail in her performance of those duties.

5 The Accused was scheduled to plead guilty before District Judge Jasvender
Kaur (“the District Judge”) on 30 March 2016 at 9.00am. The Accused failed to
attend, and the Surety herself was also not present in court. Futile attempts
were made by counsel and the court officer to contact the Accused and the
Surety. Counsel informed the District Judge that he had arranged to meet the
Accused on 8 March 2016 but the Accused did not turn up for that meeting and
had since been uncontactable as his mobile phone was switched off. As a
consequence of the Accused’s failure to attend, the bail sum of $60,000 was
forfeited. The District Judge also issued an arrest warrant against the
Accused. The Accused remains at large. A notice was sent to the Surety
directing her to pay the said penalty of $60,000 or to appear before the State
Courts on 11 May 2016 to show cause as to why payment of the said sum should
not be enforced against her.

Show cause proceedings

6 On 11 May 2016, the Surety appeared in person. She stated that the amount of
$60,000 came from her savings and were meant for her daughter’s education and
her mother’s medical expenses. Upon questioning by the District Judge, the
Surety also indicated that: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at pp 14–15.

(a) She had been unaware of the Accused’s non-attendance in court until
counsel called her at her office following the Accused’s failure to appear at
the plead guilty mention.

(b) She “really did not contact [the Accused]”. It was their mother Mdm Tan
Yien Leng (“Mdm Tan”) who had been in contact with him. Two days before the
court mention date, Mdm Tan had called him to remind him to attend court.

(c) She had “no idea” where the Accused was staying. Their family members had
asked him about this but he refused to tell them where he was staying,
indicating only that he was with his friend.

(d) The Accused did not like the Surety (and the rest of their family) to
“question him or interfere with his personal life”. He did not want them to
“control him”.

7 The Surety also stated that she “really [could not] find [the Accused],
There [was] nothing much [she could] do”. The $60,000 represented all her
savings and was needed “to feed the whole family”.

The District Judge’s decision

8 The District Judge forfeited the entire sum of $60,000 and ordered that the
forfeited sum was to be recovered from the monetary security.

9 The District Judge’s written grounds of decision are found in Public
Prosecutor v Cher Ting Ting [2016] SGDC 146 (“the GD”). After considering the
authorities, the District Judge found at [11], on the question of fault, that
the Surety had “completely failed to exercise any due diligence to ensure that
the accused would be in attendance”. She observed that although the bail bond
stated that the Accused’s residential address was the same as that of the
Surety, the Surety had admitted that the Accused did not reside with her.
Further, the Surety did not know where or with whom the Accused was staying.

10 The District Judge also noted at [12] of the GD that Mdm Tan was the person
who contacted the Accused and reminded him to attend court hearings. The
District Judge found that this fact did not assist the Surety because a
surety’s duties are personal. The Surety had breached her personal duty to
keep in daily communication with the Accused. Further, the Surety did not even
know that the Accused had failed to attend court, nor had she made efforts to
look for the Accused. The District Judge concluded at [14] that the conduct of
the Surety could be “best described as woeful and cavalier”. It was not enough
for her simply to rely on faith that the Accused would turn up (citing Public
Prosecutor v Ram Ghanshamdas Mahtani and another action [2003] 1 SLR(R) 517
(“Ram Mahtani”)).

11 Regarding the Surety’s plea that the $60,000 represented all her savings
and were meant for her daughter’s education and mother’s medical expenses, the
District Judge expressed some sympathy for the Surety. However, the District
Judge agreed with Lord Widgery CJ’s observations in R v Southampton Justices,
ex parte Corker (1976) 120 SJ 214 (“Corker”) and held at [15] of the GD that
“[i]n the circumstances, [the court] was not persuaded that this was an
exceptional case where the prima facie position [ie, that the amount for which
the person concerned has stood surety will be forfeited in full] should be
modified”.

12 The Surety appealed against the decision of the District Judge to forfeit
the whole bond amount. The appeal was fixed before me.

The parties’ submissions on appeal

13 The Surety appears in person. She submits that the Accused respects and
listens to their mother, who is the matriarch of the family, and that their
mother would remind the Accused of court appointments. She suggests that their
mother is “like the alter ego of [herself] in that if [her mother] had the
funds, [her mother] would have been the bailor in name as well”. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Petition of Appeal found in ROP at pp 8–9.

On this basis, the Surety disagrees that she had a cavalier attitude towards
her responsibilities as a surety, because “as part of the family unit, [her]
mother Mdm Tan [was] exercising the bailor’s responsibilities with [the
Surety]”.

14 The Surety also states that the Accused had been attending court “countless
times without fail: more than 10 times if [she] can recall”. She therefore
argues that she cannot be said to have been irresponsible given that she and
Mdm Tan “had ensured his past attendance in Court on so many occasions”.
Finally, she pleads for sympathy on the basis that the $60,000 represents her
life savings and is meant for her daughter’s education and Mdm Tan’s medical
expenses. She expresses remorse and regret.

15 Upon my questions to the Surety at the hearing, she informed me that it was
not her practice to ask Mdm Tan about what the Accused had said after Mdm
Tan’s conversations with the Accused. The reason the Surety provided was that
she was working and was very busy. She stated that she had accompanied the
Accused to court “three or four times” before, but could not consistently do
so due to her work. She had not accompanied the Accused to court the last few
times before he absconded.

16 As the respondent in the appeal, the Public Prosecutor argues that the
Surety was “absolutely derelict” in her duties as surety and that the District
Judge was correct to make such a finding. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Respondent’s Submissions at para 22.

The plea concerning the Surety’s means is insufficient to rebut the prima
facie position that the entire amount of bail monies should be forfeited.
There is nothing exceptional to warrant a departure from that position.

17 After hearing the submissions of the Surety, the Prosecution and the young
amicus curiae Mr Justin Chan (“Mr Chan”), I reserved judgment.

The law on forfeiture of bonds

The nature of sureties’ duties

18 I begin with a word on the nature of the duties of sureties. The source of
these obligations is, of course, statutory. They are set out in no uncertain
terms in s 104(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC”), which reads as follows:

Duties of surety

104.—(1) A surety must –

(a) ensure that the released person surrenders to custody, or makes himself
available for investigations or attends court on the day and at the time and
place appointed for him to do so;

(b) keep in daily communication with the released person and lodge a police
report within 24 hours of losing contact with him; and

(c) ensure that the released person is within Singapore unless the released
person has been permitted by the police officer referred to in section 92 or
93 (as the case may be) or the court to leave Singapore.

19 Courts in Singapore and England have taken pains to underscore the cardinal
importance of sureties’ obligations. It is therefore unsurprising that
consequences of significant gravity potentially attach to any breach of such
obligations. As Yong Pung How CJ observed in Ram Mahtani at [4], “[i]t has
often been emphasised by the courts that the obligation which comes with
standing bail for an accused is not merely a moral one, but has serious legal
consequences attached with it. The bailor undertakes real risks, when an
accused fails to surrender to his bail.” [emphasis added]. Similarly, in R v
York Crown Court, ex parte Coleman and How (1988) 86 Cr App R 151 (“Coleman”),
May LJ held as follows (at 156–157):

… The standard in these bail cases has been shown by the authorities to be a
heavy one. I respectfully agree, bearing in mind, in particular, the serious
nature of the obligation which is undertaken by sureties in these cases. It is
indeed, as has been said in one of the authorities, one of the foundations of
the proper administration of criminal justice. It should not be thought that
it is otherwise than very difficult for a surety to escape the basic
obligation of his recognizance willingly undertaken.

[emphasis added]

20 Indeed, the importance of sureties’ obligations has received parliamentary
affirmation. In reply to a question by Member of Parliament Mr Lim Biow Chuan
on the duties imposed on sureties during the debate on the Criminal Procedure
Code Bill, Minister for Law Mr K Shanmugam provided the following response
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (19 May 2010) vol 87 at cols
560–561):

Insofar as the duties of the sureties in the Bill are concerned, we do not
think they are too onerous. A surety has to maintain daily contact with the
offender. It is also not unreasonable to require the surety to take steps to
ensure that the offender does not leave the country, for instance, by taking
custody of the offender’s travel documents. Ultimately, the Courts still
retain the discretion to take into account the totality of the facts in
determining whether to forfeit the whole or any part of the bond. But, people
must also understand that taking on the duties of a surety can have
consequences and they must be aware of those consequences before they
voluntarily become sureties.

[emphasis added]

Procedure on forfeiture

21 Under s 104(2) of the CPC, if the surety is in breach of any of his duties,
the court “may, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, forfeit
the whole or any part of the amount of the bond”. Section 107(1) then sets out
the procedure to be followed on forfeiture of the bond:

Procedure on forfeiture of bond

107.—(1) If it is proved to a court’s satisfaction that a bond taken under
this Code has been forfeited, the court –

(a) must record the basis of such proof;

(b) may summon before it the person bound by the bond; and

(c) may call on him to pay the amount of the bond or to explain why he should
not pay it.

Section 107(2) confers on the court the power to recover the amount, if it
finds the surety’s explanation to be inadequate and if he fails to pay the
amount of the bond, by issuing an order for the attachment of any property
belonging to him. Under s 107(4), if the amount of the bond is not paid or
cannot be recovered by attachment and sale, the court is also empowered to
commit to prison the person bound by the bond for a term not exceeding 12
months. Section 107(5) states that any unsatisfied amount of the bond is to
constitute a judgment debt in favour of the Government, which the Government
may accordingly seek to recover.

22 The power of the court to commit to prison a person who does not pay the
bond upon forfeiture and the statutory entitlement of the Government to
recover any unsatisfied amount serve, in my view, to highlight the gravity of
a surety’s obligations. The penalties that a surety may suffer if he fails to
make good on his bond are commensurate with the weight that the law places on
his compliance with his obligations as surety.

Principles governing forfeiture

23 The language of s 104(2) of the CPC (which I have reproduced in part at
[21] above) makes it clear that the court has a discretion regarding the
forfeiture of the bond. It may decide to forfeit the whole or any part of the
bond or not to forfeit any amount. As mentioned, a considerable amount of case
law has been amassed concerning various aspects of the inquiry on whether a
surety’s bond should be forfeited, and, if so, the extent of the forfeiture.
It may be useful to gather the strands of analysis together and place them
into a framework for ease of application.

A two-stage analysis

24 The court will consider the question of forfeiture in two stages: see Loh
Kim Chiang v Public Prosecutor [1992] 2 SLR(R) 48 (“Loh Kim Chiang”) at [11];
Re Ling Yew Huat & Anor [1990] 2 MLJ 124 (“Ling Yew Huat”); and Valliamai v
Public Prosecutor [1962] MLJ 280 (“Valliamai”). First, the court will consider
whether the surety has shown sufficient cause for the non-forfeiture of the
bond amount. Second, if the court finds that the surety has failed to show
sufficient cause, the court will determine, in the exercise of its discretion,
the extent to which the bond is to be forfeited.

25 The term “sufficient cause” in the first stage likely originates from the
language of ss 361(1) and (2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed) (adapted in s 107 of the current edition of the CPC), which require the
surety to “show cause why [the bond] should not be paid” and empower the court
to recover the amount by issuing a warrant for attachment and sale of property
“[i]f sufficient cause is not shown and the penalty is not paid”. Although the
phrases “show cause” and “sufficient cause” are no longer used in s 107 of the
CPC, the approach envisaged in the statute is the same – s 107(1)(c) allows
the court to “call on [the surety] to pay the amount of the bond or to explain
why he should not pay it”, and s 107(2) permits the court to recover the
amount by way of an order for attachment of property if it finds the surety’s
explanation inadequate and the amount is not paid.

First stage: has the surety shown sufficient cause against forfeiture?

26 In Criminal Procedure in Singapore and Malaysia (Tan Yock Lin & S Chandra
Mohan gen eds) (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2016, July 2015 release) (“Tan &
Mohan”), the learned authors observe at para 2302 that the term “sufficient
cause” has not been defined. They opine that the lack of definition is
justifiable because the circumstances of each case must be looked at.

27 In my view, while it is certainly correct that the court should consider
the circumstances of the case in determining whether the surety has shown
sufficient cause against forfeiture (and indeed this is necessitated by the
express language of s 104(2) of the CPC, which requires the court to “hav[e]
regard to all the circumstances of the case”), it will nevertheless assist if
the core concept behind the somewhat Delphic phrase “sufficient cause” is
identified and brought into the open.

(1) Reasonable due diligence

28 I take the view that the key consideration in determining the existence of
sufficient cause is whether the surety is able to show that he exercised
reasonable due diligence in the discharge of his duties as surety. In Royaya
bte Abdullah & Anor v Public Prosecutor [2005] 2 MLJ 670 (“Royaya”), the court
discussed the notion of sufficient cause at [33] in a passage which also
appears in Tan & Mohan at paras 2305–2350:

…there cannot be sufficient cause if the surety never took the trouble to
ensure that the accused would appear on the date stipulated in court. The
surety is not required to do what is superhuman; but at the least he must have
been diligent in undertaking his obligations. He must have made diligent
attempts to remind the accused of the date of appearance and seek an assurance
from him that he would be appearing.

[emphasis added]

29 It is immediately apparent from a review of the case law that the primary
focus of the courts in determining whether sufficient cause has been
established is precisely whether the surety has displayed the requisite level
of diligence in carrying out his duties. It suffices for me to refer to a few
illustrative cases.

30 In Public Prosecutor v Mahadi bin Mohamed Daud [1999] 3 SLR(R) 681
(“Mahadi”), Yong CJ found at [7] that the respondent had not shown sufficient
cause because the respondent had not taken any steps to contact the accused
beyond sending a single facsimile to the accused one day before the date the
accused was due to return to Singapore for a hearing scheduled on the next
day.

31 In Ram Mahtani, Yong CJ found at [6]–[7] that the bailors had failed
completely to show that they had “exercised due diligence” to ensure that the
accused would turn up for the hearing of his appeal. The first bailor had done
nothing more than to call the accused while the accused was abroad to ask how
things were going, believing that the accused’s love for her and the family
would ensure his attendance in court, while the second bailor had taken no
steps to obtain his contact number overseas or to call him to remind him to
return in time for the hearing. On this basis (and also because of other
conduct found by Yong CJ to be lacking), it was held that the bailors had not
shown sufficient cause.

32 In Yap Yin Kok v Public Prosecutor [1987] SLR(R) 484, Chan Sek Keong JC (as
he then was) found that the surety had not shown cause and ordered the bond to
be forfeited in full. The following extract from Chan JC’s judgment at [18] is
illustrative of the court’s focus on the diligence (or lack thereof) of the
surety:

What degree of diligence has the surety shown in this case? On a scale of ten,
probably one. He had merely asked the appellant when the new date of hearing
was and on being told that it had not been given yet, he went to New York. The
notice of hearing was sent to his home address. In his evidence, he has not
denied receiving it. During his long sojourn overseas, he appeared to have
done nothing at all to keep in touch with the appellant or his son to ensure
that any official communication as to the next hearing date was transmitted to
him. In contrast, he was able to and did communicate with his son in respect
of the notice dated 28 April 1987 to show cause. There was therefore no excuse
at all.

[emphasis added]

33 In Public Prosecutor v Sim Yu Jen, Melvin (Magistrate’s Appeal No 104 of
2014/01), See Kee Oon JC allowed the Public Prosecutor’s appeal against the
decision of the district judge to remit the bond amount to the surety. See JC
found that the surety had not kept in regular contact with the accused and had
not filed a police report within 24 hours of losing contact with the accused.
The surety’s actions had fallen far short of what was expected of him, and See
JC accordingly concluded that cause had not been shown.

(2) General principles concerning sufficient cause

34 It is uncontroversial that the surety bears the burden of satisfying the
court that sufficient cause exists such that forfeiture should not take place.
It is for the surety to lay before the court evidence of want of culpability:
see Ling Yew Huat.

35 The determination of whether sufficient cause against forfeiture exists in
each case is, of course, an intensely fact-specific inquiry. Accordingly,
unless the factual matrices present striking similarities, a case-for-case
comparison may therefore be of limited utility in providing guidance for
ascertaining the appropriate outcome in a given case. It may, however, be
possible to distil from the cases certain statements of principle or indicia
of the attitude that may be taken towards certain types of conduct on the
surety’s part.

36 Without attempting to be prescriptive or exhaustive, the following general
and non-categorical propositions can, in my view, be gleaned from the case
law:

(a) Mere reliance on faith alone that the accused will show up for court
hearings, without more, is not sufficient for a surety to discharge the
onerous duty of ensuring the accused’s attendance in court: see Mahtani at
[6].

(b) A surety’s duties are personal to the surety. When he chooses to delegate
those duties to another person, he runs the risk of being in breach of his
duties should the accused fail to attend court or should the person to whom he
has delegated the responsibility fail to keep in daily communication with the
accused. It is not open to the surety to say that he has delegated the duty to
another: see Public Prosecutor v An Wei [2014] SGDC 182 (“An Wei”) at [19].

(c) When the accused goes missing, the making of a police report by the
surety, without more, will not be sufficient to excuse the surety. Taken
alone, this does not provide sufficient cause: see Mahtani at [7] and Public
Prosecutor v Ho Boon Lim [2003] SGDC 90 (“Ho Boon Lim”) at [17]. In this
regard, I also note that under s 104(1)(b) of the CPC, it is a statutory duty
of the surety to lodge a police report within 24 hours of losing contact with
the accused.

(d) When the accused goes missing, passively waiting and hoping for the
accused to return does not amount to compliance with a surety’s obligations:
see Public Prosecutor v Pililis Georgios [2013] SGDC 142 at [10] and [12]. It
is relevant to consider whether the surety expended effort to look for the
accused after the accused has gone missing: see Mahtani at [7]; Ho Boon Lim at
[16]; and Public Prosecutor v Rahilah Binte Kifley [2005] SGDC 210 at [11].

(e) Where the accused is travelling, a surety’s omission to obtain from the
accused details that would allow the surety to contact or locate him is
demonstrative of negligence on the part of the surety: see Public Prosecutor v
Chou Tai Chuan & Anor [1988] 1 MLJ 511 and Mahtani at [6].

(f) If the surety turns a blind eye toward suspicious circumstances that
indicate that the accused had the intention to abscond, the surety will have
failed to exercise due diligence: see Public Prosecutor v Wang Choong Tsuey
[2009] SGDC 212 (“Wang Choong Tsuey”) at [21]. In Wang Choong Tsuey, the
surety was aware that the accused had left Singapore, despite the accused’s
claims that he was ill and unfit to attend court (at [16]). She also knew that
the accused was prohibited by the conditions of bail from leaving Singapore
without the permission of the court, and that he had not sought to obtain such
permission (at [20]). The court found at [21] that, in light of the dubious
circumstances, the surety should have known that something was amiss, and that
by turning a blind eye to these circumstances and allowing the accused to
leave the country, she had failed to exercise due diligence to secure the
appearance of the accused in court. Thus, the court held at [24] that the
surety failed to show the existence of sufficient cause against forfeiture.

(g) It may be relevant for the court’s consideration that the surety had taken
sufficient steps on previous occasions to ensure the accused’s attendance in
court and the accused had so attended: Ramlee & Anor v Public Prosecutor
[1969] 1 MLJ 42 (“Ramlee”). However – and this is an important qualification –
it would go too far to say that such circumstances, taken alone, provide
sufficient cause: see Loh Kim Chiang at [26].

37 I reiterate that the above is not meant to be an exhaustive list of
principles, nor should these be treated as imperatives that are binding in
every situation and that do not admit of deviation. They should only be seen
as guidelines or indicia as to how certain types of conduct on the part of the
surety may be assessed against the yardstick of reasonable due diligence.

(3) Consequence of a finding of sufficient cause

38 If a court finds, after a consideration of all the circumstances, that the
surety has shown sufficient cause against the forfeiture of the bond, then
forfeiture may be waived altogether: see Valliamai as cited in Ramlee. On the
other hand, if a court concludes that the surety has failed to demonstrate
sufficient cause, then the court should, under the two-stage analysis outlined
above, proceed to consider the extent to which the bond should be forfeited.

Second stage: what is the appropriate extent to which the bond should be
forfeited?

39 In R v Knightsbridge Crown Court, ex parte Newton [1980] Cr LR 715,
Donaldson LJ held as follows:

… It has been said by this court, and by other courts time and again, that
entering into suretyship – going bail for someone, to use the common phrase –
is an extremely serious matter not to be lightly undertaken, and those who go
bail must understand that, if the accused fails to surrender to his bail, it
is only in the most exceptional cases that the court will be prepared to
modify the prima facie position, which is that the amount for which the person
concerned has stood surety will be forfeit in full.

[emphasis added]

40 Donaldson LJ’s statement of principle has been cited as good law in a
number of subsequent judgments by both local and English courts: see Ram
Mahtani at [4]; Mahadi at [5]; Loh Kim Chiang at [20]; and R v Uxbridge
Justices, ex parte Heward-Mills [1983] 1 All ER 530 (“Heward-Mills”) at 534.

41 Accordingly, the starting point where the surety has failed to show
sufficient cause is therefore forfeiture of the entire amount of the bond. The
court will depart from this prima facie position if, and only if, the surety
satisfies the court that there are exceptional circumstances warranting such a
departure. This is, in my opinion, in line with the language in s 104(2) of
the CPC which requires the court to have regard to “all the circumstances of
the case” in determining the amount of the bond to be forfeited. It is useful
also to have regard to the following summary of principles set out by
McCullough J in Heward-Mills at 535 (cited with approval by May LJ in Coleman
at 156 and adopted by M Karthigesu J (as he then was) in Loh Kim Chiang at
[23]), which he reached after a careful and thorough review of the English
precedents:

Having summarised all the passages in the cases where this topic falls to be
considered as a matter of principle, so far as I know and as far as the
research done by counsel has shown, I would draw together the more important
principles to be derived from the authorities, as follows. (1) When a
defendant for whose attendance a person has stood surety fails to appear, the
full recognisance should be forfeited, unless it appears fair and just that a
lesser sum should be forfeited or none at all. (2) The burden of satisfying
the court that the full sum should not be forfeited rests on the surety and is
a heavy one. It is for him to lay before the court the evidence of want of
culpability and of means on which he relies. (3) Where a surety is
unrepresented the court should assist by explaining these principles in
ordinary language, and giving him the opportunity to call evidence and advance
argument in relation to them.

[emphasis added]

In the above passage, McCullough J raises the additional point that the court
should ultimately have regard to what is “fair and just” in determining the
sum to be forfeited, if any. The burden, however, lies on the surety to
convince the court that fairness and justice militate in favour of a reduction
of the sum to be forfeited. This is not an easy burden to discharge.

42 It is evident that the court’s assessment of whether there are
circumstances that warrant a departure from the prima facie position of full
forfeiture is a heavily fact-dependent exercise. I propose to discuss five
points that arise from the case law which may provide some guidance to the
analysis. These points are, of course, not exhaustive of the factors to be
considered by the court, which are a matter for the court’s discretion and
good sense.

(1) The degree of culpability of the surety

43 The degree of culpability of the surety is a crucial consideration for the
court in its assessment of the amount of the bond to be forfeited. In Heward-
Mills, McCullough J quoted with approval at 532 the following extract from the
transcript of Lord Widgery CJ’s judgment in Corker (which was also cited with
approval by Karthigesu J in Loh Kim Chiang at [16]):

The other two points, I think, are points on which justices must have further
guidance than that which the decision in ex p Green presently affords to them.
It is said, and no doubt absolutely correctly, that the degree of culpability
of the surety is a factor which must be taken into account when deciding
whether to forfeit the whole or part of his recognisance. One first of all has
to ask oneself on whom is the onus in these matters, and it seems to me that
the onus is clearly on the surety. The surety has undertaken a recognisance
for a certain sum of money, and prima facie he can and intends to pay it. If
he wants to say he cannot afford it, or that it is not fair he should pay it,
he ought to make the running. It is he who should set the scene. When it comes
to culpability one has to remember, I think, that the great majority of
sureties have very little opportunity to control the movements of the accused
person. If surety and accused live in the same family that is one thing, but
if they live apart it may be that the surety will have very little opportunity
of seeing whether or not the accused attends court. It cannot be right in my
judgment that a surety who has entered into an obligation for several hundreds
of pounds is able to excuse himself when the time comes by simply saying,
‘Well, of course I have very little chance to observe him and therefore it
really was not my fault.’ These are all things that ought to be taken into
account when the decision to give the recognisance is taken…

[emphasis added]

44 In other words, as a general proposition it does not assist the surety for
him to say that he could not possibly have placed the accused under close
surveillance all the time in order to ensure his attendance in court. The
surety should have considered, at the time when he was approached to be
surety, whether he was in a position to carry out sureties’ duties before
agreeing to take on those onerous responsibilities. Therefore, in the general
run of things such an argument by the surety will find little favour with the
court. In my view, this is consistent with the principle that the compliance
of sureties with their duties is crucial to the general administration of
criminal law and criminal procedure. Given the significance of the
undertaking, sureties are obliged to consider with great care and
circumspection whether they are able and willing to take on those duties
before they execute the bond.

45 Another useful authority is R v Southampton Justices, ex parte Green [1975]
3 WLR 277, where Lord Denning MR remarked as follows at 282:

By what principles are the justices to be guided? They ought, I think, to
consider to what extent the surety was at fault. If he or she connived at the
disappearance of the accused man, or aided it or abetted it, it would be
proper to forfeit the whole of the sum. If he or she was wanting in due
diligence to secure his appearance, it might be proper to forfeit the whole or
a substantial part of it, depending on the degree of fault. If he or she was
guilty of no want of diligence and used every effort to secure the appearance
of the accused man, it might be proper to remit it entirely.

[emphasis added]

The passage was cited with approval by Yong CJ in Mahtani (at [5]) and
Karthigesu J in Loh Kim Chiang (at [15]). Again, the emphasis is ostensibly on
the degree of fault or culpability of the surety. Where the surety connived
at, aided or abetted the disappearance of the accused, his culpability is so
high as to warrant the forfeiture of the whole of the bond. Where the surety
was negligent in performing his duties, this may warrant the forfeiture of the
whole or a substantial part of the bond, to be determined in accordance with
his degree of fault. Lord Denning also suggested that if the surety is “guilty
of no want of diligence and used every effort to secure the appearance of the
accused man”, then the appropriate decision might be to remit the entire
amount of the bond. I accept this latter proposition, but in my view the real
reason why it would not be proper to forfeit any part of the bond amount in
such a case is that the surety has been able to show sufficient cause for non-
forfeiture of the bond amount in the first place – ie, the surety did not
display a lack of reasonable due diligence. Thus the issue of quantum of
forfeiture does not arise at all.

(2) The surety’s financial circumstances

46 It is appropriate at the outset to make the position clear that a surety’s
plea that he lacks the financial wherewithal to suffer the consequences of
forfeiture is not generally a sound reason to reduce the amount forfeited.
This point has been repeatedly emphasised in a number of judgments of
Singapore and English courts.

47 For instance, in Corker (cited with approval in Heward-Mills at 532; Loh
Kim Chiang at [16]; and Mahtani at [9]), Lord Widgery CJ held:

It would defeat the whole system of bail, I think, if it became generally
known that the amount payable was strictly limited according to the surety’s
means and that anybody who had no means would not have to pay. Imagine the
relish and speed with which persons would accept the obligation of surety if
they were penniless and knew that that was a total answer to any kind of
obligation on the recognizance. The real pull of bail, the real effective
force that it exerts, is that it may cause the offender to attend his trial
rather than subject his nearest and dearest who has gone surety for him to
undue pain and discomfort. But be that as it may, it cannot be the law, I
venture to think, that a surety can escape entirely by saying that he was not
culpable and was penniless. These are matters which he should have some regard
to before he enters into his recognisance, and it must in turn be the subject
of regard when any question of forfeiture arises.

[emphasis added]

Two points arise from Lord Widgery CJ’s reasoning. First, if the court were to
accept as a total answer to forfeiture that the surety is not in a financial
position to endure forfeiture, this would mean that the mechanism of bail
would likely fail to achieve its purpose of compelling the accused to
surrender himself to due process and attend court as required. The point is
encapsulated in Lord Widgery CJ’s explanation (cited also by Sundaresh Menon
CJ in Public Prosecutor v Yang Yin [2015] 2 SLR 78 at [35]) about the “real
pull of bail”. The threat of forfeiture acts as a veritable Sword of Damocles
that hangs not over the accused but over his nearest and dearest, thereby
disincentivising the accused from absconding. Second, the argument that the
surety would be unable to endure the financial consequences of forfeiture is
unpersuasive because those consequences ought to have been considered by the
surety before he agreed to undertake the obligation. Put another way, it no
longer lies in the mouth of the surety to say, after the accused’s
disappearance, that he cannot now bear the consequences of forfeiture.
Donaldson LJ in Parfrey at 211 puts this in more express terms: “There is an
obligation on a surety to be fully satisfied that he or she can meet the
liability which will arise if the accused person does not surrender to his
bail.”

48 On the second point that I have raised, Mr Chan suggests that the approach
outlined by Lord Widgery CJ leaves some room for argument that a surety’s
financial difficulties remain relevant where such difficulties arose from
matters either (i) reasonably unknown to the surety at the time that bail was
posted or (ii) occurring after bail was posted. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Young Amicus Curiae’s Written Submissions at [21].

49 With respect, I am not fully persuaded that the position taken by Mr Chan
is fully correct. If the surety’s financial circumstances have changed so much
after the execution of his bond that he is no longer able and willing to
continue to stand bail for the accused, it is open to the surety to arrest the
accused under s 105(4) of the CPC and immediately bring him before a court and
apply to have the surety’s bond discharged, whereupon the court must discharge
the bond. Alternatively, the surety may make an application under s 105(1) of
the CPC for the discharge of the bond. Under s 105(2), the court may, on
receiving such an application, issue an arrest warrant directing that the
accused be produced before it, and s 105(3) states that when the accused makes
such an appearance (either under the warrant or voluntarily), the court must
direct that the bond be discharged wholly. After the surety’s bond is
discharged, the court must call on the accused to provide other sufficient
sureties. If the accused fails to do so, the court is required under s 105(5)
to commit the accused to custody.

50 Where the surety does not take such action as set out in the paragraph
above, it is reasonable to assume that the surety maintains his willingness
and ability to suffer the possible forfeiture of the entire bond amount.
Perhaps the only remaining circumstance that might be contemplated is where
unexpected financial difficulties arise after the surety has been asked to
show cause, whereupon it might be too late for the surety to apply to have the
bond discharged.

51 Nevertheless, I note that McCullough J in Heward-Mills also referred at 534
to two other cases in which the English courts have held that the means of the
surety remain relevant for consideration. The first is a decision of Forbes J
in R v Crown Court at Ipswich, ex p Reddington [1981] Crim LR 618
(“Reddington”), where the court held as follows:

Of course, anyone who stands surety for someone’s attendance must have
solemnly undertaken that they are good for the amount of the surety, that they
have sufficient resources available. So that when considering the question of
means it is a little difficult for a surety to say that he has not got the
money which, when entering the recognisance, he must have indicated that he
had at that time. But it clearly would be right, and that case [Ex p Green] is
authoritative, that courts considering the estreatment of recognisance must
consider not only the extent of the surety’s resources and the ability to meet
what is in effect a financial penalty in those circumstances.

[emphasis added]

52 The second is McCullough J’s own decision in R v Crown Court at Oxford, ex
parte Jones and Jacobs (29 June 1982, unreported) (“Jones”), where McCullough
J held as follows:

One has to arrive at a decision which is fair and just in all the
circumstances. In doing so one must assess the surety’s culpability. One must
also consider his means. One must remember that one is not fixing a penalty
for misconduct. One is deciding whether to mitigate the ordinary principle
which is that if somebody says: “I promise to pay £20,000 if X does not turn
up at court”, and X does not turn up at court, then £20,000 is forfeited.

[emphasis added]

53 Reddington and Jones were also cited by Karthigesu J in Loh Kim Chiang (at
[21] and [22]) and the learned judge opined that the passage from Reddington
was “important”, although ultimately the court’s decision to reduce the amount
forfeited in that case did not turn on the surety’s lack of means. I note also
Karthigesu J’s reference at [28] to Eveleigh J’s statement in Riccardi at 155
that “recognizance is not a fine and it is not a punishment either”.
Karthigesu J further reasoned at [28] that “it must be appreciated that the
administration of criminal justice cannot function effectively without the
bail system, and persons must not be discouraged from coming forward to stand
bail”. A balance must be struck between the competing policy objectives.

54 I observe that McCullough J, in the passage from Heward-Mills that I have
extracted at [41] above, concluded that the surety is entitled to lay before
the court evidence of his means. In Coleman, May LJ similarly held at 157 that
the means of the surety is relevant:

In the light of the argument in the present application, I should add, as
appears from two at least of the authorities to which I have referred, that
apart from the steps taken by the surety to ensure that the accused appears at
the trial, the means of the surety, when it is sought to estreat his
recognizance, are also relevant. Again, however, it should not lightly be held
that as the surety has limited means, his recognizance should not be estreated
in whole or at least in substantial part. After all, the surety did agree to
be bound in the sum of the recognizance. In those circumstances it will not
lie easily in his mind, if there has been no change of circumstances since he
stood bail, to suggest that his lack of means requires some mitigation of the
amount to be estreated. Nevertheless, as I have said, it is a relevant
consideration which may be taken into account.

[emphasis added]

55 In Loh Kim Chiang, Karthigesu J found at [29] that the district judge, in
deciding to forfeit the entire amount of the bond, had not applied his mind to
the means of the appellant, although Karthigesu J qualified this by adding
that “a bailor entering his bond, ex facie, is declaring his ability to pay
the full amount of the bail”. Upon a re-exercise of the discretion, Karthigesu
J found it appropriate in all the circumstances to remit half the amount of
the bail and enforce payment of the other half.

56 To conclude, the financial circumstances and means of the surety are
relevant considerations for the court in determining the proper extent of
forfeiture. The reason is that s 104(2) of the CPC requires the court to have
regard to all the circumstances of the case in reaching its decision on
forfeiture, and the court is ultimately concerned with reaching a decision
that is fair and just in all the circumstances. Nevertheless, a surety’s lack
of means, taken alone, will generally be an inadequate reason for any
reduction in forfeiture. Such lack of means must amount to an exceptional
circumstance warranting departure from the prima facie position of full
forfeiture. This is justified on the basis that (i) by executing his bond, the
surety is taken to have represented that he is willing and able to suffer the
potential consequences of forfeiture; and (ii) the system of bail will not
perform its function effectively if the threat of forfeiture is illusory and
easily eluded.

(3) Potential impact of forfeiture on the surety’s dependents

57 In Coleman, Roch J delivered a concurring judgment where he agreed with the
approach outlined by McCullough J in Heward-Mills that I have reproduced at
[41] above. Roch J proceeded as follows (at 158):

In order to determine what is fair and just in a particular case, it is
necessary for the court to consider all the matters placed before it by or on
behalf of the surety and by the prosecution, if the prosecution is invited by
the court to intervene, which are relevant. One matter which in my judgment is
relevant is the effect that the estreatment of the full amount of the
recognizance will have on the surety and others who will be affected, for
example members of the surety’s family. If the estreatment of a recognizance
involves not merely the payment of a sum of money by the surety but the sale
of property in which the surety has a joint interest with another person or a
home in which the surety lives with his family, then these are matters which a
surety is entitled to place before the court and which the court is entitled
to consider in deciding whether to estreat the whole of the recognizance or
whether it is an appropriate case for giving relief and, if it is such a case,
the extent to which relief from forfeiture should be given.

[emphasis added]

58 I agree that the potential impact of forfeiture on the surety and his
family is a relevant consideration for the court in ascertaining a fair and
just result having regard to all the circumstances of the case, pursuant to s
104(2) of the CPC. But in my view, this is a plea that should, in the general
run of cases, have limited mitigating effect. The detriment to be suffered by
the surety’s dependents must amount to an exceptional circumstance that, in
the court’s mind, justifies forfeiture of less than the whole amount of the
bond.

59 I say this for the reason that the surety should have borne in mind the
potential consequences of forfeiture on his dependents before agreeing to take
on the responsibility. In almost every case, the loss of the bond amount will
have an impact on the family finances, sometimes even causing hardship and a
trickle-down effect on the lives of the surety’s children and other
dependents. These are matters which the surety should have foreseen and
considered, either at the point where he agreed to stand as surety or
subsequently when he had the opportunity to apply for the bond to be
discharged. I do not say that such consequences will never be relevant
considerations for the court in the exercise of its discretion. But it would
erode the pull of bail if sureties are consistently allowed to point to the
hardship that might be suffered by their family as an entire answer to the
question of forfeiture. That would be a thoroughly unsatisfactory result for
the general administration of criminal justice. Accordingly, save in
exceptional circumstances and where fairness and justice so demand, the
balance tips in favour of a restrictive approach to pleas of familial
hardship. As Donaldson LJ in Parfrey observed at 211, “the burden of
satisfying a court that the full sum should not be forfeit is a very heavy
one, so let no one think that they can simply appear before magistrates and
tell some hard luck story, whereupon the magistrates will say ‘Well, be more
careful in future.’ We are not dealing with that character of obligation at
all”.

(4) Whether the surety made efforts, after the accused’s non-attendance in
court, to locate the accused and secure his subsequent arrest or attendance in
court

60 In Public Prosecutor v Suhaili Binti Rahmat [2010] SGDC 199 (“Suhaili”),
the accused repeatedly failed to turn up in court and a total of ten Warrants
of Arrest were issued against him (at [3]). At the show cause hearing, the
accused turned up together with his surety and the accused was then taken into
custody (at [4]). The district judge found at [5] that the surety was unable
to offer any explanations for the accused’s prior absences or any mitigating
circumstances. Indeed, in the district judge’s view the surety appeared
“nonchalant and disinterested” in the show cause proceedings. The district
judge found that there was no evidence of due diligence on the surety’s part
to ensure the accused’s attendance in court until the conclusion of his case
or of any other mitigating circumstances for the judge’s consideration.
Nevertheless, the district judge decided to forfeit only half the bail sum, ie
$5,000 out of $10,000.

61 Mr Chan submits, quite reasonably, that the court in Suhaili must have
taken into account, as a factor militating in favour of reduced forfeiture,
the fact that the surety came with the accused for the show cause hearing
which enabled the court to direct the police officers to take the accused
immediately into custody. Although this was not expressly stated in the
decision as a mitigating factor, the district judge did not identify any other
ground that would warrant forfeiture of less than the whole amount. For
completeness, I note that on appeal in Magistrate’s Appeal No 176 of 2010/01,
the High Court judge reduced the forfeited amount to $1,000 solely on the
basis of the surety’s young age.

62 In my view, while the court is certainly not barred from taking into
account the fact that the accused turned up in court together with the surety
at the show cause hearing, the focus of the inquiry should be on the degree of
diligence demonstrated by the surety in securing the accused’s attendance. If
the accused’s eventual appearance in court, leading subsequently to his
custody, was due to the efforts of the surety who located the accused and
secured his attendance, then there is good reason for the court to regard such
effort as a factor weighing in favour of reduced forfeiture. On the other
hand, if the accused’s eventual arrest was not attributable to the diligence
of the surety – for instance where the arrest was effected only after efforts
by the police – it is highly doubtful whether the surety should receive any
credit for the result.

63 An example can be found in Sabri Bin Suboh v Public Prosecutor [2001] SGDC
57, where the accused absconded after pleading guilty but was eventually
arrested. The district judge found at [10] that the surety failed to show due
diligence to ensure that his brother attended court. However, the court took
into consideration the fact that, after the surety learnt of the accused’s
disappearance, he went to Johor Bahru and brought the accused back to
Singapore. The district judge held that “[d]ue weight must be given to this
effort of his[;] otherwise [the accused] would still have been at large.”
[emphasis added]. On this basis, $1,000 of the bond amount of $5,000 was
remitted. It is clear that the district judge’s focus was on the effort made
by the surety to bring the accused back into the jurisdiction so that the
court might subject him to due process, rather than the brute fact that the
accused had returned to the jurisdiction. If the surety had stood by and done
nothing but fortuitously the accused had decided to return on his own accord,
it is difficult to see why this should count in the surety’s favour at the
show cause proceedings.

64 In my view, where the surety can demonstrate that he made substantial
efforts between the date of the accused’s non-attendance in court and the date
of the show cause hearing to ascertain the reason for the accused’s absence or
to locate and trace the accused’s whereabouts, so as to provide useful
information to the court and the police to assist in the search for the
accused, then the court may take these efforts into account at the second
stage of the analysis in mitigating the surety’s earlier lack of due diligence
in ensuring the accused’s attendance in court. If the accused is successfully
brought into custody either wholly or partly as a consequence of the surety’s
substantial efforts to locate and/or apprehend the accused, that result should
be regarded as an additional mitigating factor given that the surety had,
through the efforts on his part, managed to substantially remedy his earlier
lack of due diligence.

(5) Whether there is a satisfactory explanation for the accused’s absence

65 There is some room for debate as to whether the court may take into
account, in the second stage of the inquiry, the existence of any satisfactory
explanation for the accused’s non-attendance. By way of example, an accused
person may have fainted or have been hospitalised and therefore is unable to
attend court on the required date. His surety, having failed to exercise
reasonable diligence, is unable to answer the court’s questions on the
whereabouts of the accused or to provide a satisfactory account of what the
surety did to ensure the accused’s attendance. The argument could be made at
the show cause proceedings that even if the surety had in fact been diligent
in his duties, he could not in any event have ensured the accused’s attendance
because the latter was incapacitated. Given that the key purpose of sureties’
duties is to ensure that the accused turns up in court, it follows that the
surety should not be penalised because he could not in any event have secured
the accused’s attendance, whether or not he exercised due diligence. No harm
was caused by the surety’s negligence. This is also the reason why a surety
does not have his bond forfeited where the accused turns up in court
notwithstanding (in a hypothetical case) the surety’s utter failure to satisfy
his duties.

66 I have doubts over the correctness of such an argument. This is for two
reasons. First, if the argument were accepted, the moral luck of the surety
would be the only thing that separates him from complete forfeiture of bail.
In a case where, but for the accused’s incapacitation and subsequent inability
to attend court (or to abscond), the accused would have absconded as a
consequence of the surety’s negligence, it is only by chance that the surety
does not suffer forfeiture. It is indisputable that he is as culpable as a
surety whose negligence caused or contributed to the accused’s non-appearance.
Secondly, in practice it is more likely than not that a surety who was
diligent in fulfilling his duties (eg, by keeping in constant communication
with the accused, reminding him to attend court or accompanying him to court)
would have some knowledge of the accused’s whereabouts if the latter does not
show up, or at least some basis to make an educated guess as to where he might
be. This could save the investigation officer a considerable amount of time
and resources in locating the accused, and would in any event be more
satisfactory to the court than the answer “I have no idea where the accused is
or why he is not present because I have not been in contact with him.”
Accordingly, I would be hesitant to accept such an argument, but I leave the
determination of the point open for a case where it arises on the facts.

Summary of principles

67 Without derogation from or qualification of the principles that I have
described in the preceding paragraphs, the following is a summary of the
approach that may be taken in determining whether forfeiture is appropriate:

(a) The court should first consider whether the surety has shown sufficient
cause against forfeiture. The key consideration is whether the surety
exercised reasonable due diligence in the discharge of his duties as surety.
It is for the surety to lay before the court evidence of want of culpability.
This is an intensely fact-specific inquiry and the court should have regard to
all the circumstances in making its finding.

(b) If the surety satisfies the court that sufficient cause exists, then
forfeiture may be waived altogether. But if the surety fails to do so, then
the court must consider the extent to which forfeiture is appropriate. The
starting point where the surety fails to show sufficient cause is forfeiture
of the entire amount of the bond. The surety must demonstrate the existence of
exceptional circumstances to justify any lesser degree of forfeiture; this is
a heavy burden to discharge. The degree of culpability of the surety is a
crucial consideration in the court’s assessment of the appropriate extent of
forfeiture. The court should similarly have regard to all the circumstances
(including any subsequent efforts made by the surety, between the date of the
accused’s non-attendance in court and the date of the show cause hearing, to
locate or produce the accused in court) in determining, in the exercise of its
discretion, the extent of forfeiture that would be fair and just.

My decision

68 I find that the Surety has not shown sufficient cause against the
forfeiture of the bond. The Surety admitted before me and the District Judge
that she did not communicate with the Accused. She left this to Mdm Tan. She
did not even make the effort to contact Mdm Tan after the latter’s calls with
the Accused to find out what the Accused had said about his whereabouts and
his circumstances.

69 I agree with the District Judge’s observation that a surety’s duties are
personal to the surety and that her reliance on Mdm Tan’s communication with
the Accused is accordingly misplaced. Indeed, the decision in An Wei (that I
have referred to at [36(b)] above) makes this amply clear. If the Surety chose
to delegate her duties to another person (such as Mdm Tan), it does not lie in
the Surety’s mouth to say as sufficient cause that the Surety is not
responsible for the Accused’s non-compliance with the conditions of bail. The
Surety herself bears her duties and she therefore ran the risk of being in
breach of those duties if the Accused did not attend court despite Mdm Tan’s
reminders. On this basis, I also reject the Surety’s argument that Mdm Tan was
like her “alter ego” and that “Mdm Tan [was] exercising the bailor’s
responsibilities with [the Surety]”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Petition of Appeal found in ROP at 8–9.

Blame cannot be laid at anyone’s door but the Surety’s.

70 The fact that the Surety did not know (i) where the Accused was staying and
(ii) the friend with whom the Accused was allegedly staying further points to
the Surety’s failure to comply with her obligations. In the circumstances, I
agree with the Prosecution that the Surety was utterly derelict in her duties.
She has failed to show any semblance of the required level of reasonable due
diligence in the performance of her duties as surety.

71 I therefore consider the extent to which the amount of the bond should be
forfeited. The starting point, as I have described, is forfeiture of the
entire amount. The only argument that the Surety advances in this regard is
that a forfeiture of the entire amount would cause hardship to her and her
family, as the $60,000 represents her life savings and the money is needed for
her daughter’s education and Mdm Tan’s medical expenses.

72 As I have explained at [56] and [58]–[59] above, the financial
circumstances of the Surety and the impact that forfeiture will have on the
Surety’s dependants are relevant considerations. In many cases, as a result of
a surety’s failure to exercise diligence in the performance of his duties,
forfeiture takes a heavy toll on the surety’s financial situation and the ones
who suffer the brunt of the hardship may ultimately be the surety’s innocent
dependents. This is never an easy result to contemplate. But the policy of the
law, derived after careful consideration of principle and precedent, must be
put into effect (albeit with care and conscientiousness in every case). And
the law requires that any financial, personal or familial hardship pleaded
before the court amount to exceptional circumstances before a departure from
the prima facie position of total forfeiture is permitted.

73 I have considered the circumstances of the case with due prudence and
attention. I do not find this to be an exceptional case warranting a departure
from the general rule. The Surety has not discharged the heavy burden that the
law places upon her to show that the entire sum should not be forfeited.

74 Accordingly, I find that the District Judge was correct to order forfeiture
of the entire bond amount of $60,000.

Conclusion

75 For these reasons, I dismiss the appeal. As a final matter, I would like to
record my gratitude to Mr Chan, the learned amicus curiae, whose legal
research and submissions I have found to be thoughtful and thorough.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

The appellant in person;  
Asoka Markandu and Stephanie Chew (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent;  
Justin Chan (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) as young amicus curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

