Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 236

Criminal Revision No 4 of 2017

Between

OON HENG LYE  
---  
  
… Petitioner

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Revision of proceedings]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Disposal of property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Oon Heng Lye

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 236

High Court — Criminal Revision No 4 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ  
20 July 2017

27 September 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ:

Introduction

1 This was a criminal revision filed by the petitioner, Oon Heng Lye, to quash
an order of the Magistrate’s Court (“the forfeiture order”) directing that
monies which had been seized from him, amounting to $266,589.69 (“the seized
funds”), be forfeited to the State. In addition, he sought an order that the
respondent, the Public Prosecutor, restore the seized funds to him. The funds
in question had been seized from him by the police after he had been arrested
on suspicion of committing an unlicensed moneylending offence.

2 After hearing the submissions of the parties, I dismissed the petition. In
the oral judgment I gave, I observed that it was settled law that the court’s
revisionary jurisdiction is to be exercised sparingly, in circumstances where
there is not only some error in the proceedings of the court below but one
that is shown to occasion substantial injustice. On the assumption that there
had been some error in the making of the forfeiture order, I found that there
was nevertheless no evidence of substantial injustice. This was because Oon
had admitted in several signed statements made to the police – which he had
never effectively challenged until the time of the hearing of the petition –
that the seized funds were the proceeds of unlicensed moneylending.

3 I now furnish my detailed grounds of decision, as I said I would when I gave
my judgment.

Background

4 On 18 October 2007, the police arrested Oon on suspicion of operating a
business of unlicensed moneylending, an offence under s 8(1)(b) of the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed). They seized a number of items from
Oon. These included $123,020 in cash, a bank book for a POSB Bank account, and
a bank transaction slip for a UOB account. Both the POSB account and the UOB
account were in Oon’s sole name.

5 The investigating officer, Assistant Superintendent Norlinda binte Ismail
(“ASP Norlinda”), ascertained that the POSB account had a balance of
$62,996.80 as of 2 November 2007 and that the UOB account had a balance of
$80,572.89 as of 12 November 2007. She applied, while investigations were
pending, for both accounts to be frozen pursuant to s 68 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC 1985”). Section 68 confers upon the
police the power to “seize any property which is alleged or suspected to have
been stolen or which is found under circumstances which create suspicion of
the commission of any offence.”

6 Thereafter, Oon made a number of statements to the police. In a statement
recorded by Station Inspector Clayton Tan (“SI Tan”) on 18 October 2007, Oon
admitted that he had worked as an unlicensed moneylender since 2005.

7 In two subsequent statements recorded by ASP Norlinda, both on 24 October
2007, Oon gave a fairly detailed history of his involvement in unlicensed
moneylending. In the first of these statements, he admitted also that the said
sum of $123,020 in cash and the money in the aforementioned POSB and UOB
accounts were proceeds from unlicensed moneylending.

8 On 5 November 2007, a detention order under the Criminal Law (Temporary
Provisions) Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CLTPA”) was issued against Oon.

9 While Oon was under detention and upon the police completing their
investigations, SI Tan applied for and obtained on 20 May 2008 the forfeiture
order from a Magistrate’s Court pursuant to s 392 of the CPC 1985. Section
392(1), which obliges the police to report seized property to a Magistrate’s
Court, and further obliges the Magistrate to make either an order respecting
the delivery of the seized property to the person entitled to the possession
of it, or an order respecting its custody and production, is as follows:

Procedure by police on seizure of property

392.—(1) The seizure by any police officer of property taken under section 29
or alleged or suspected to have been stolen, or found under circumstances
which create suspicion of the commission of any offence shall be forthwith
reported to a Magistrate’s Court which shall make such order as it thinks fit
respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to the
possession of it or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the
custody and production of the property.

…

10 I should mention that s 392 of the CPC 1985 has been re-enacted, with some
amendments, as ss 370 to 372 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev
Ed) (“CPC 2012”).

11 The Magistrate ordered the said sum of $123,020 in cash and the sums in the
POSB and UOB accounts to be forfeited to the State. As for the other items
that had been seized, the Magistrate ordered items which were said to be
related to Oon’s unlicensed moneylending activities (such as handphones, note
books, and ATM cards) to be disposed of, and bank books for accounts held by
Oon’s wife (either solely or jointly with Oon) to be returned to her.

12 Oon was not thereafter charged with any offence relating to unlicensed
moneylending. He was released from detention under the CLTPA on 1 November
2013.

Grounds for revision

13 Oon brought the present criminal revision pursuant to the court’s
revisionary jurisdiction under s 400 of the CPC 2012. Section 400(1) provides
that the High Court may call for and examine the record of any criminal
proceeding before any State Court to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any judgment, sentence or order recorded or passed
and as to the regularity of those proceedings. Section 401 sets out the powers
of the High Court on revision. These would include, when s 401(2) is read with
s 390(1)(d) of the CPC 2012, the power to alter or reverse any order made by
the court below.

14 It is settled law that the revisionary jurisdiction of the court is to be
sparingly exercised. Typically, this will require a demonstration not only
that there has been some error but also that material and serious injustice
has been occasioned as a result. In Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v Public
Prosecutor [1998] 3 SLR(R) 196, the High Court said as follows (at [19]):

… The court’s immediate duty is to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any order passed and as to the regularity of any
proceedings of that subordinate court. However, this is not sufficient to
require the intervention of the courts on revision. The irregularity or
otherwise noted from the record of proceedings must have resulted in grave and
serious injustice.

15 It has also been observed that the threshold of “serious injustice” will
only be crossed if there is “something palpably wrong in the decision that
strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power” by the court below
(Rajendar Prasad Rai and another v Public Prosecutor and another matter [2017]
4 SLR 333 (“Rajendar”) at [24], citing Ang Poh Chuan v Public Prosecutor
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 929 at [17]).

16 In his petition of revision, Oon alleged that the forfeiture order issued
by the Magistrate’s Court was “wrong at law” for a number of reasons. In his
written submissions, and in the hearing before me, these were narrowed to
three main grounds of challenge.

17 First, Oon claimed that he had not been notified of the application for
forfeiture of the seized funds nor had he been allowed to be present at the
hearing before the Magistrate. This, he argued, violated his right to be heard
at such proceedings, as was held to exist by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa
Ahunbay v Public Prosecutor [2015] 2 SLR 903 at [45] (“Mustafa Ahunbay”),
albeit under s 370 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010) (“CPC
2010”), which is identical to s 370 of the CPC 2012. He claimed that he had
been deprived of his property contrary to the rules of natural justice because
he had not been given the opportunity to prove his entitlement to the seized
funds.

18 Second, Oon argued that s 392(1) of the CPC 1985 did not empower the
Magistrate’s Court to forfeit the seized funds.

19 Third, Oon submitted that he was the person “entitled to the possession” of
the seized funds within the meaning of s 392(1) of the CPC 1985; therefore,
the Magistrate was wrong to have ordered the seized funds to be forfeited to
the State instead of being returned to him.

My decision

20 In summary, I accepted the first and second of these points. I accepted
Oon’s submission that he had a right to be heard under s 392 of the CPC 1985
and that he had been denied that right. I also found that under s 392(1) of
the CPC 1985, the Magistrate had no power to order that the seized funds be
forfeited to the State.

21 However – and this was the dispositive point in this petition – I did not
think that Oon was the person “entitled to the possession” of the seized
funds. In this regard, I was in agreement with the Prosecution, which
submitted that a person who claims to be “entitled to the possession” of
seized property must demonstrate a lawful entitlement to it. Given Oon’s
unequivocal admissions in his statements to the police that the seized funds
were the proceeds of unlicensed moneylending, it could not be said that he was
lawfully entitled to it. This was not affected by the fact that he was not
subsequently charged for any offence relating to unlicensed moneylending.
Hence, despite the errors in the making of the forfeiture order, there was no
substantial injustice which would warrant the exercise of the court’s powers
of revision under s 401 of the CPC 2012.

22 I elaborate on each of these points in turn.

Right to be heard

23 Oon argued that the principles established by Mustafa Ahunbay in relation
to s 370 of the CPC 2010 were equally applicable to s 392 of the CPC 1985. The
Prosecution’s position on this was that under the CPC 1985, there was no legal
requirement for an accused person, from whom property has been seized, to be
formally notified of proceedings under s 392.

24 Mustafa Ahunbay was a decision of the Court of Appeal on a criminal
reference brought by an applicant who claimed an interest in the monies in
three bank accounts (not belonging to him) that had been seized by the
Commercial Affairs Department. The applicant had not been informed of, and was
not represented at, the hearing at which the Magistrate’s Court had made an
order extending the period of seizure of those accounts. One of the questions
referred to the Court of Appeal was whether there was a right to be heard on
the occasion of the reporting or subsequent reporting of a seizure under s 370
of the CPC 2010. The Court of Appeal found that there was such a right. The
following principles from its judgment are relevant to the present petition:

(a) A person who claims an interest in seized property has a right to be heard
when the seized property is reported to a Magistrate’s Court under s 370 of
the CPC 2010. The right to be heard entails being “afforded an opportunity to
make representations” to the Magistrate (Mustafa Ahunbay at [45]).

(b) In addition, the right to be heard entails the right to be given notice of
the hearing and the right to further information concerning the seized
property, including the contents of the investigation report provided by the
police to the Magistrate’s Court (at [70] and [77]).

(c) It is not necessary for the authorities to make inquiries as to who might
possibly have an interest in the seized property and thus should be notified
of the hearing. But so long as a person has informed the authorities that he
has an interest in the seized property, the authorities should notify that
person of any hearing under s 370 of the CPC 2010 (at [73]–[74]).

25 I was satisfied that these principles applied with equal force to s 392 of
the CPC 1985. As the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay said (at [45]), the
right to be heard is rooted in a basic principle: as long as the interest of a
party could be adversely affected by a decision of the court, it would only be
fair and just that such a party be afforded an opportunity to make
representations to the Magistrate. That statement of principle is broad
enough, in my judgment, to extend to s 392 of the CPC 1985. Under s 392 of the
CPC 1985, as under s 370 of the CPC 2010, the Magistrate is empowered to,
amongst other things, make an order delivering the seized property to a person
entitled to the possession of the property. The interest of any person who
claims an entitlement to the possession of the property would be affected by
such a decision, and such a person should, it follows, have a right to make
representations to the Magistrate to prove his entitlement to the seized
property. It would be counter-intuitive to think that any judicial power with
the potential to adversely affect any person could be exercised without the
requirements of natural justice having been met.

26 Furthermore, the requirement of notice is well established. As the authors
of Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Code of Criminal Procedure (Act II of 1974) (Y V
Chandrachud et al gen ed) (Wadhwa and Company Nagpur, 18th Ed, 2006)
(“Ratanlal”) note in relation to s 457 of the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973
(Act No 2 of 1974) (India) at p 1745 (“Indian CPC”):

The requirement to issue notice or affording an opportunity to any person is
not expressly provided in this section. The principles of natural justice are,
however, implicit in the said provision. Ordinarily a person likely to be
adversely affected by an order is entitled to an opportunity before such an
order is made. While disposing petition under s 457 C.P.C., for return of the
property seized, notice and hearing to the accused from whose possession the
goods have been seized is necessary.

27 This passage was cited by the Court of Appeal in Mustafa Ahunbay (at
[46]–[47]) in support of its view that the right to be heard exists under s
370 of the CPC 2010. Section 457(1) of the Indian CPC is similar to s 392(1)
of the CPC 1985 and s 370 of the CPC 2010, and provides as follows:

457\. Procedure by police upon seizure of property

(1) Whenever the seizure of property by any police officer is reported to a
Magistrate under the provisions of this Code, and such property is not
produced before a Criminal Court during an inquiry or trial, the Magistrate
may make such order as he thinks fit respecting the disposal of such property
or the delivery of such property to the person entitled to the possession
thereof, or if such person cannot be ascertained, respecting the custody and
production of such property.

…

28 The position stated in Ratanlal is based on high authority. The
aforementioned passage cites a decision of the Supreme Court of India, State
Bank of India v Rajendra Kumar Singh and others, AIR 1969 SC 401 (“Rajendra
Kumar Singh”). That was a decision concerning s 517 of the Code of Criminal
Procedure 1898 (Act No 5 of 1898) (this was the previous version of the Indian
CPC which I shall refer to as “the Indian CPC 1898”), which governs the
procedure for disposal of property after the conclusion of any trial or
inquiry – the equivalent provisions in our legislation are s 386 of the CPC
1985 and s 364 of the CPC 2012. It is nonetheless relevant because the court
similarly has the power under s 517 of the Indian CPC to make an order to
deliver the property to the person entitled to its possession. And in relation
to that provision, the Supreme Court of India held (at [4]) that although the
provision did not “expressly require issue of any notice”, there was “a
necessary implication that the parties adversely affected should be heard
before the Court makes an order for return of the seized property”.

29 The Prosecution, on the other hand, relied on a passage from Bashir A.
Mallal, Mallal’s Criminal Procedure (The Malayan Law Journal Office, 4th Ed,
1957) (“Mallal’s Criminal Procedure”) which states (at 586), in relation to s
436 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1955 Rev Ed), a predecessor
provision to s 392 of the CPC 1985, that a Magistrate is “not bound to hold a
judicial inquiry on oath” before passing an order under that section. The
passage adds, further, that “[s]uch an order can be passed on police reports
and papers alone without any independent inquiry with regard to the question
of possession”.

30 I did not think that passage in fact assisted the Prosecution. There is a
difference between the requirement to offer the accused person a right to make
representations and the requirement to hold a judicial inquiry before making
any order affecting the possession of seized property. It is uncontroversial
that there is no need to hold an inquiry before making an order affecting
seized property. That is clear from the Court of Appeal’s decision in Ung Yoke
Hooi v Attorney-General [2009] 3 SLR(R) 307 (“Ung Yoke Hooi”), where it said
at [29] that the Magistrate’s Court was not bound to hold an inquiry:

… The [Magistrate’s Court’s] function under s 392 is to determine who is
entitled to the possession of the seized property and to return it to him, or,
if such person cannot be found, to keep it in safe custody. The [Magistrate’s
Court] may summarily deliver the property to the person entitled to its
possession without holding an inquiry if it is satisfied that the person is so
entitled. If there is a dispute, it may hold an inquiry. …

[emphasis added]

31 However, the question whether an inquiry must be held is quite separate
from the question of whether the Magistrate’s Court should notify persons with
possible claims to the seized property of the hearing at which the Magistrate
may make an order affecting the property. Indeed, as the Court of Appeal in
Ung Yoke Hooi went on to say (at [30]) after making the observation quoted in
the previous paragraph:

In our view, as soon as a s 68(1) seizure is reported to [a Magistrate’s
Court], the [Court] should take steps as soon as practicable to dispose of the
property. With respect to the seized accounts in the present case, this would
have meant taking steps to notify the Appellant, the account holder, to prove
his entitlement to the possession of the funds in the seized accounts (in
effect, to secure the release of the seized accounts). If the [Magistrate’s
Court] is satisfied with the Appellant’s claim, it must then order the seized
accounts to be released. …

[emphasis added]

32 In my judgment, taken together, Mustafa Ahunbay and Ung Yoke Hooi suggest
that there is a requirement to give notice of the hearing before the
Magistrate to the following persons: (a) the person from whom the property has
been seized, and (b) anyone else who has formally informed the authorities of
his claim to the seized property. Those persons should then have the
opportunity to make representations to the Magistrate to prove their
entitlement to the property. But the Magistrate’s Court need not hold a formal
inquiry to determine the question of who is entitled to the possession of the
property if it does not consider it necessary to do so in all the
circumstances.

33 The Prosecution submitted that even if there was a right to be heard, it
had been duly accorded to Oon given that it was the usual practice for the
police to inform an accused person that they would apply for the forfeiture of
items, and for the police to seek a disposal inquiry where any objections were
raised as to entitlement. ASP Norlinda deposed in her affidavit that it had
been her practice at that time to inform accused persons while recording their
statements that exhibits seized from them that were related to the crime would
be forfeited to the State, and that if they had any objection, she would have
recorded it down.

34 On the facts of this case, I did not think that Oon had been afforded the
right to be heard. In the first place, it was not clear if ASP Norlinda had
specifically informed Oon that the cash and sums in the relevant accounts were
going to be forfeited. Even if I were to accept for present purposes that ASP
Norlinda did inform Oon that the cash and funds seized from him would be
forfeited to the State if these were related to a crime, I was still not
persuaded that this would have been sufficient to give effect to Oon’s right
to be heard at the reporting of the seized funds to the Magistrate’s Court. In
the first place, such an intimation did not amount to notice that the specific
cash and sums in the relevant accounts were going to be forfeited. Further,
and in any case, it was significant that by the time of the hearing before the
Magistrate, the police had concluded their investigations and decided not to
charge Oon with any offence (although he continued to be detained under the
CLTPA). Even if Oon in fact had no objections at the time of the recording of
the statements, that did not mean he might not have objections to the
forfeiture of the seized funds at the time of the hearing, especially given
that he was not subsequently charged and there had been no conviction recorded
by a court. The seized funds comprised cash found in Oon’s possession and
monies from bank accounts held in his name. He would be the most obvious
candidate to assert an entitlement to the seized funds. Yet there is no
evidence that he was notified of the hearing before the Magistrate’s Court. He
was thus not given the opportunity to be heard on this. As I will shortly
explain, I did not think, based on the evidence available before me, that Oon
was indeed entitled to those funds, but that is a different matter. The point
is that he was denied the right to be heard before the forfeiture order was
made.

Power of forfeiture

35 I turn to the question of whether there was a power to order forfeiture
under s 392(1) of the CPC 1985 when seized property is reported to a
Magistrate’s Court.

36 Oon argued that s 392(1) did not empower the Magistrate’s Court to forfeit
the seized funds to the State because the purpose of the provision was only to
ensure that the property is delivered to the person entitled to its
possession. The Prosecution, however, argued that there was an “implicit power
under Section 392 of the [CPC 1985] for seized items to be vested in the
Government”. It again relied on Mallal’s Criminal Procedure (at 586) where it
is said that “there is nothing to prevent the Magistrate from passing an order
of forfeiture of property to the Government”. The author of Mallal’s Criminal
Procedure, however, did not cite any authority for this view.

37 In my judgment, there is no power of forfeiture under s 392(1) of the CPC
1985. I reached that conclusion for several reasons.

38 The first was that there is no explicit mention in s 392(1) of the CPC
1985, unlike in s 386 of the CPC 1985, which deals with the disposal of
property after the conclusion of an inquiry or trial, that the Magistrate has
a power of forfeiture. Section 386(2) states that the power of disposal
includes the power to make a forfeiture order:

Order for disposal of property

386.—(1) During or at the conclusion of any inquiry or trial in any criminal
court the court may make such order as it thinks fit for the disposal of any
document, livestock or other property produced before it.

(2) The power conferred upon the court by this section includes power to make
an order for the forfeiture or confiscation or for the destruction or for the
delivery to any person of any property regarding which any offence is or was
alleged to have been committed or which appears to have been used for the
commission of any offence but shall be exercised subject to any special
provisions regarding forfeiture, confiscation, destruction or delivery
contained in the Act under which the conviction was had or in any other Act
applicable to the case.

…

39 On the basis of the differences in the way that both provisions had been
drafted, Yong Pung How CJ observed in Magnum Finance Bhd v Public Prosecutor
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 159 (at [18]), that “[u]nlike s 386(2), no power of forfeiture
exists under s 392”. The distinction between the two provisions was again
highlighted in Ung Yoke Hooi, where the Court of Appeal said at [19(g)] that:

[u]nlike under s 386(2) of the [CPC 1985] (where the court may make an order
for forfeiture or confiscation of the property after an inquiry or a trial in
relation to the property has taken place), the [Magistrate’s Court] has no
power under s 392 to confiscate or forfeit the seized property. …

40 Second, I was fortified in my view by comparing s 392(1) of the CPC 1985
with s 457(1) of the Indian CPC. Section 457(1) of the Indian CPC (as
reproduced at [27] above) gives the Magistrate the choice between making an
order “respecting the disposal of such property” [emphasis added] and making
an order “respecting … the delivery of such property to the person entitled to
[its] possession”. Hence, it has been observed of s 457(1) of the Indian CPC
that the Magistrate has the “widest discretion in the matter of disposal”,
which would include the power to order forfeiture (Sudipto Sarkar & V R
Manohar, Sarkar on the Law of Criminal Procedure, Vol 2 (LexisNexis
Butterworths Wadhwa Nagpur, 9th Ed, 2007) at 1957). By contrast, s 392(1) of
the CPC 1985 contains no mention of a power to order the disposal of property.

41 The third reason pertains to something that transpired after I had disposed
of this matter, but it bears noting because it supports the view I had already
formed. On 24 July 2017, shortly after the hearing of this petition, the
Ministry of Law announced that it intended to introduce amendments to the CPC
2012 and sought public feedback on the proposed amendments. Among these was a
proposed amendment to introduce the power of disposal under s 370(2) of the
CPC 2012. The explanation given by the Ministry of Law for this proposal is
that the power of forfeiture does not exist under s 370 of the CPC 2012 (see
Ministry of Law, “Table of Proposed Legislative Changes to the Criminal
Procedure Code (“CPC”) and the Evidence Act”  at 36):

Introducing the power of disposal in s 370(2) of the CPC

At present, where property is seized in the course of investigations but there
are no criminal charges, investigators must report the seizure to the court.
In these circumstances, the court can generally only order the return of the
property to the person entitled to possession of it (often the same person it
was seized from), if that person can be identified. The court is not empowered
to order the disposal of the property even it was the subject of, or used in,
a criminal offence, such as a weapon.

Amendments are proposed to give the court a power to dispose of property where
it is satisfied that this was property in respect of which an offence was
committed or which was used or intended to have been used for the commission
of any offence. …

[emphasis added]

Since the power of forfeiture does not presently exist under s 370 of the CPC
2012, by extension, it would not have existed under s 392(1) of the CPC 1985.

42 For these reasons, I was satisfied that the Magistrate had no power under s
392(1) of the CPC 1985 to order that the seized funds be forfeited to the
State. At this stage, I was therefore satisfied that there were two errors in
the making of the Magistrate’s order: first, no notice had been given to Oon
that the seized funds would be reported before a Magistrate’s Court and an
order of forfeiture sought; and second, the Magistrate made the forfeiture
order even though there was no power to do so under s 392(1) of the CPC 1985.

43 However, this by itself did not necessarily mean I should exercise the
powers of revision under s 401 of the CPC 2012, because, as I have noted
above, those powers should only be exercised if the errors in the order made
by the Magistrate resulted in grave and serious injustice to Oon. In my
judgment, there would only be grave and serious injustice if Oon was the
person entitled to the possession of the seized funds. So the question that
remained, and which turned out to be dispositive of the matter, was whether
Oon was entitled to those funds.

Entitlement to the seized funds

44 I did not think that Oon was the person entitled to the possession of the
seized funds. This was because I found, as submitted by the Prosecution, that
a person could only be “entitled to the possession” of seized property under s
392 of the CPC 1985 if he satisfies the precondition of being in lawful
possession of the seized property.

45 As a matter of statutory interpretation, the CPC 1985 appeared to
contemplate that a person could only be entitled to possession if such
possession was lawful. It is necessary here to look at s 392 of the CPC 1985
within its broader statutory context – that is, the provisions on the disposal
of property in general. Section 393(1) of the CPC 1985 is significant in this
regard. It must be read with s 392(4), which establishes what is to be done
when a Magistrate determines that the person “entitled to the possession” of
the seized property is unknown or cannot be found. In that event, s 392(4)
requires the police to issue a notification to require anyone with a claim to
the seized property to come forward within six months to establish his claim.
I set out the relevant parts of s 392(4) and s 393:

Procedure by police on seizure of property

392.— …

(4) If that person is unknown or cannot be found the Magistrate’s Court may
direct that it be detained in police custody and the Commissioner of Police
shall, in that case, issue a public notification, specifying the articles of
which the property consists and requiring any person who has a claim to it to
appear before him and establish his claim within 6 months from the date of the
public notification …

…

Procedure when no claim established

393.—(1) If within 3 months from the publication of a notification under
section 392(4) no person establishes a claim to such property and if the
person in whose possession the property was found is unable to show that it
was legally acquired by him, the property may be sold on the order of the
Commissioner of Police.

(2) If within 6 months from the publication of the notification no person has
established a claim to the property, the ownership of the property or, if
sold, of the net proceeds of it, shall thereupon pass to and be vested in the
Government.

…

[emphasis added]

46 The effect of s 393(1) is that even if no person comes forward to assert
his entitlement to possession of the seized property, the person from whom the
property is seized is not automatically assumed to be entitled to possession;
he must nonetheless demonstrate that the seized property was “legally acquired
by him”. In my judgment, it follows from this that under s 392(1), when the
Magistrate’s Court makes an order “respecting the delivery of the property to
the person entitled to the possession of it”, the person in question must be
able to show that the property was “legally acquired by him”.

47 This interpretation is supported by two cases on the Indian CPC to which
the Prosecution referred me. In Nand Lal v State of Rajasthan and another,
1986 (1) WLN 18, the Rajasthan High Court interpreting s 457 of the Indian
CPC, held (at [10]), that a person who had acquired seized property by
“dishonest means” would not be entitled to its possession even though no
offence was subsequently made out against him. In a similar vein, in A.S.S.
Ahmed Sahib v Commissioner of Police, Madras and another, 1970 Cri LJ 1016,
which concerned the interpretation of s 523 of the Indian CPC 1898 (the
precursor to s 457 of the Indian CPC which is in similar terms to s 392 of the
CPC 1985), the Madras High Court held (at [10]):

Normally, in cases where the offence is not made out, the property should be
delivered to the person from whom it is seized or taken. But it will depend
upon the circumstances of each case. In such cases, the actual possession of
the property at the time it was seized may be a relevant factor but not
conclusive to determine the entitlement of such possession. The words used in
Section 523(1) [of the Indian CPC 1898] are ‘the person entitled to the
possession of the property’. These words cannot be equated with actual
possession. Nor can they be equated with the expression “the person from whom
the property is seized or taken”. A person may be in unlawful possession at
the time it was seized though he has not committed the offence, and in that
circumstance, it cannot be said that he is entitled to possession. It must be
a lawful possession. The test, therefore, is not the mere possession of
property at the time of seizure, but as to who is entitled to lawful
possession. …

48 The facts of that case show why this principle must be right. The
petitioner for criminal revision had come into possession of a conch because
the second respondent, one Amir, had offered it for sale to him. The
petitioner took the conch and handed it over to one Ibrahim. Amir alleged that
the petitioner had committed theft, and so the police seized the conch from
Ibrahim’s possession. Subsequently, the offence was not made out, and the
Magistrate ordered the conch to be returned to Amir. Dissatisfied, the
petitioner applied for a criminal revision of that order. The Madras High
Court dismissed the petition, noting that the Magistrate had found that the
conch belonged to Amir since he had provided a receipt as proof that he had
purchased it (at [5]). The High Court concluded that the conch had been taken
away from Amir and handed over to Ibrahim, whose possession appeared to be
unlawful (at [19]). Simply put, it would be wrong to assume that the person
from whom the property is seized is in lawful possession simply because that
person is not convicted of any offence.

49 Whether or not a person in actual possession of seized property would
nevertheless be regarded as being in lawful possession therefore depends on
the circumstances. It suffices to state for now that where a person admits
that property seized from his possession are the proceeds of a crime, his
possession cannot be regarded as lawful. This principle would be consistent
with my finding in Rajendar that the powers of seizure under the CPC 2012
extend to the traceable proceeds of a crime because “an offender has no basis
for asserting any enforceable proprietary interest in such property” (at
[38]).

50 During the hearing, I asked Oon’s counsel, Mr Ong Ying Ping, if there were
any facts showing that his client was in lawful possession of the seized
funds. Mr Ong pointed to two facts in the petition for revision. But these did
not assist his submission at all.

51 The first fact was Oon’s allegation in the petition that he had “repeatedly
informed the investigating officer that he was not involved in moneylending at
all”. But this was flatly contradicted by his statements which contained
unequivocal admissions about his long involvement in unlicensed moneylending.
Of the four statements the PP produced in evidence, the more material were the
two which he gave on 24 October 2007 which I have mentioned at [7] above. In
these statements, Oon admitted that:

(a) He had not been employed since quitting his last job in 2000;

(b) He had operated five unlicensed moneylending stalls since 2001, issuing
loans ranging from $$500 to $2000 at an interest rate of 20%, repayable in
weekly instalments;

(c) At the time of his arrest, he had about 500 debtors and live loans of
about $200,000 in circulation;

(d) The seized funds were the proceeds of unlicensed moneylending; and

(e) In particular, he admitted to having instructed one of his associates to
transfer money that had been deposited by debtors into other bank accounts,
into the UOB account that was in his sole name.

52 It is true that Oon was not charged, much less convicted, for any offence
relating to unlicensed moneylending. Even so, there was no basis for me to
ignore Oon’s admissions that the seized funds were the proceeds of unlicensed
moneylending. Oon signed every page of the statements he made to ASP Norlinda.
Furthermore, up to the hearing of this petition, Oon had not deposed any
affidavit to challenge the veracity or voluntariness of the admissions he had
made in any of the statements the Prosecution had exhibited. Since it was
undisputed that the seized funds were the proceeds of unlicensed moneylending,
it followed that Oon had no lawful entitlement to those funds.

53 Second, Mr Ong pointed to Oon’s claim in his petition of revision that he
had won money from betting on the “4D” lottery. However, as SI Tan deposed in
his affidavit, Oon had confirmed to him that the winnings from the “4D”
lottery were not part of the monies seized during the arrest as he had used
those winnings to pay for a new car and to renovate his house. Oon did not
dispute SI Tan’s statement. In any event, as I mentioned, Oon admitted that
the seized funds were proceeds from unlicensed moneylending. There was no
suggestion in his statements that the seized funds were his winnings from
betting on “4D”.

54 Furthermore, Oon had not offered, or hinted at the existence of, any
positive evidence showing how he had come to acquire the seized funds by means
other than unlicensed moneylending.

Conclusion

55 In the circumstances, there was no evidence to show that Oon was in lawful
possession of the seized funds. On the contrary, the available evidence
established beyond reasonable doubt that the seized funds were the proceeds of
his unlicensed moneylending activities. I concluded that the errors in the
forfeiture order made by the Magistrate’s Court occasioned no substantial
injustice to Oon. There was accordingly no basis for the exercise of the
court’s powers of revision under s 401 of the CPC 2012.

56 There was, in any event, no basis for reversing the forfeiture order
despite the absence of a power under s 392(1) of the CPC 1985 to make such an
order. Had the Magistrate appreciated that there was no power to make a
forfeiture order on the occasion that the seized funds were reported to her,
and given that she could not order the seized funds to be delivered to Oon,
she would have made an order under s 392(4) of the CPC 1985 ordering the
seized funds to be detained in police custody. In that event, the police would
have had to issue a public notification requiring any person with a claim to
the seized funds to come forward to establish his or her entitlement. But
since Oon had admitted that the seized funds were proceeds of unlicensed
moneylending, it was not evident that there could be any other claimant with a
lawful entitlement to those funds. On that basis, the seized funds would have
vested in the State in any event, albeit pursuant to s 393(2) of the CPC 1985.

57 For the reasons given, I dismissed the petition.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Ong Ying Ping, Tan Soon Meng and Chew Zijie (Ong Ying Ping Esq) for the
Petitioner;  
Leong Weng Tat and Victoria Ting (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

