Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 254

Suit No 221 of 2017  
(Summons No 2331 of 2017)

Between

| Law Beng Chong Gary  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| The Wellness Group Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Contractual terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Beng Chong Gary

  

v

  

The Wellness Group Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 254

High Court — Suit No 221 of 2017 (Summons No 2331 of 2017)  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
28 July 2017

17 October 2017

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 This was the defendant’s application, pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed), for the court to construe a letter of
termination, discharge and release dated 31 March 2011 (“Termination
Agreement”), which is concerned with the termination of an employment letter
dated 13 April 2007 between the parties (“2007 Employment Letter”) and the
discharge and release of the parties’ obligations contained therein. Upon
construing the Termination Agreement, I determined that the 2007 Employment
Letter had been terminated, and that the parties had been discharged and
released from the obligations contained therein. Therefore, I dismissed the
plaintiff’s action which he had brought based on the 2007 Employment Letter.
The plaintiff has filed an appeal against my decision. I now furnish my
reasons.

Background

2 The defendant is The Wellness Group Pte Ltd. It is in the business of
wholesale and retail of wellness-related and food and beverage products. It
owns 30.1% of the shares in a subsidiary company, TWG Tea Company Pte Ltd
(“TWG Tea”).

3 The plaintiff, Mr Gary Law Beng Chong, was the Chief Operating Officer of
the defendant from 2 May 2007 to 1 April 2011, and was, at the time of this
application, the Chief Operating Officer of TWG Tea.

4 While the plaintiff was the Chief Operating Officer of the defendant, the
terms of his employment were set out in the 2007 Employment Letter. A material
term, cl 4(c), set out a stock option scheme under which the plaintiff was
entitled to 5% of the total issued share capital of the defendant (“the stock
option scheme”). Clause 4(c) states as follows:

You will be entitled to the Company’s stock option scheme of 5% shareholding
of TWG. Equity can be issued as per latter shareholding and value when you
first joined. If 3rd party investment is accepted to the newly formed company,
the ratio of shareholding between yourselves and TWG shall hold. In the event
that you leave TWG within 3 years, the shares will be returned to TWG.

5 Subsequently, the plaintiff’s employment was transferred to TWG Tea by way
of a letter dated 1 April 2008. The letter stated that the “present terms and
conditions of [the plaintiff’s] service” would continue to apply. It was
undisputed that this meant that the terms and conditions in the 2007
Employment Letter were to continue to apply.

6 In 2011, the plaintiff, the defendant and TWG Tea signed the Termination
Agreement. The following specific terms bear noting:

(a) Clause 2 states that “[i]n consideration of the mutual release and
termination of any and all obligations on the part of [the defendant], [TWG
Tea] and/or [the plaintiff] in relation to or arising from the [2007
Employment Letter], we are pleased to confirm the following terms”. This was
followed by terms set out in cll 2(a)–(e).

(b) Clause 2(a) sets out the plaintiff’s entitlement to a profit share of TWG
Tea, and a formula for calculating this entitlement based on TWG Tea’s
“Corporate Gross Turnover Sales”. I will refer to this as the “profit sharing
scheme”.

(c) Clause 2(b) sets out a definition of “Corporate Gross Turnover Sales”.

(d) Clause 2(c) states that the plaintiff would receive a salary which would
be revised upwards to $16,000 per month.

(e) Clause 2(d) provides that the plaintiff would receive a one-time ex gratia
payment of $100,000, which was to be paid in three instalments between January
and March 2012.

(f) Clause 2(e) spells out the plaintiff’s liability for the payment of
personal income tax and TWG Tea’s liability for CPF contributions which would
be incurred in relation to the ex gratia payment.

(g) Clause 3 stipulates that cll 2(a)–(c) would be “set out in a letter of
employment to be entered into between TWG Tea and [the plaintiff]”.

(h) Clause 5 provides that if the terms in the Termination Agreement were not
fulfilled, the plaintiff would have the right to terminate it and the 2007
Employment Letter would continue in force. The exact wording of cl 5 is as
follows:

You expressly agree that the [2007 Employment Letter] shall be terminated
and/or deemed to be null and void, and [the defendant] and/or TWG Tea and/or
you shall be fully and finally discharged and released from any and all
obligations, covenants, representations, warranties and liabilities (if any)
whatsoever contained in, arising under or in connection with the [2007
Employment Letter] (by contract or otherwise), only if the above terms are
fulfilled. However in the event that any part of the above terms are not
fulfilled, you have the right to terminate and withdraw from this agreement
and the [2007 Employment Letter] shall survive and continue to be in force.

7 It is common ground that the plaintiff was paid the $100,000 ex gratia
payment, and that TWG Tea duly issued him a new letter of employment dated 1
April 2011 (“2011 Employment Letter”) setting out the terms in cll 2(a)–(c) of
the Termination Agreement. It is relevant to note that cl 4(e) of the 2011
Employment Letter reproduced cl 2(a) of the Termination Agreement, and thus
incorporated the profit sharing scheme.

8 Thereafter, the plaintiff continued to be employed by TWG Tea. About five
years later, the present dispute arose. It stemmed from a decision by TWG Tea
to replace the profit sharing scheme contained in the 2011 Employment Letter
with a new incentive scheme. TWG Tea communicated this decision to the
plaintiff by way of two letters as set out below:

(a) First, in a letter to the plaintiff dated 25 January 2016, TWG Tea
proposed that the profit sharing scheme stated in cl 4(e) of the 2011
Employment Letter be replaced with a new incentive scheme. Instead of being
paid a percentage of TWG Tea’s corporate gross turnover, the plaintiff would,
under the new incentive scheme, be paid a number of months of his gross pay as
an annual bonus, the number being calculated in accordance with a formula
pegged to the revenue of TWG Tea. The plaintiff did not sign this letter.

(b) Second, in a letter dated 16 March 2016, TWG Tea informed the plaintiff
that the company’s shareholders had decided to “lapse” the profit sharing
scheme indicated in the 2011 Employment Letter and that the new incentive
scheme in the letter of 25 January 2016 would take effect immediately. The
plaintiff signed the letter to acknowledge receipt but, above his signature,
he wrote that he did not accept its contents.

The present action

9 The plaintiff then commenced this action against the defendant. Relying on
cl 4(c) of the 2007 Employment Letter, he claimed to be entitled to the 5% of
the defendant’s total issued share capital under the stock option scheme. His
argument ran as follows:

(a) TWG Tea, a party to the Termination Agreement, had refused to fulfil its
terms because it had unilaterally informed him that it would be terminating
the profit sharing scheme set out in cl 2(a) of the Termination Agreement and
replacing it with a new incentive scheme.

(b) Upon the non-fulfilment of the terms of the Termination Agreement, and
pursuant to cl 5 thereto, the plaintiff withdrew from and terminated the
Termination Agreement. He opted to treat the 2007 Employment Letter as
surviving and continuing to be in force.

(c) The plaintiff therefore claimed to be entitled to shares in the defendant,
as was provided for under the stock option scheme in cl 4(c) of the 2007
Employment Letter.

10 In its Defence, the defendant denied that TWG Tea had failed to fulfil the
terms of the Termination Agreement. Its case was that the defendant and TWG
Tea had already fulfilled all their obligations under the Termination
Agreement. Further, the defendant denied that the plaintiff was entitled to
treat the 2007 Employment Letter as surviving and continuing to be in force.

11 Subsequently, the defendant brought the application under O 14 r 12 of the
Rules of Court for a determination of the following two questions pertaining
to the construction of the Termination Agreement and, if the questions were
answered in the affirmative, for the plaintiff’s claim to be dismissed with
costs:

1\. Has [the plaintiff’s] employment with [the defendant] on the terms set out
in [the 2007 Employment Letter] been terminated and/or deemed to be null and
void pursuant to Clause 5 of [the Termination Agreement]?

2\. Has [the defendant] been fully and finally discharged and released from
any and all obligations, covenants, representations, warranties and
liabilities (if any) whatsoever contained in, arising under or in connection
with [the 2007 Employment Letter] pursuant to Clause 5 of [the Termination
Agreement]?

12 The plaintiff did not dispute that, in accordance with O 14 r 12 of the
Rules of Court, the questions were suitable for determination without a full
trial of the action, and that doing so would fully determine the entire cause
or matter or any claim or issue therein.

Parties’ cases

13 The plaintiff’s arguments were as follows. His starting point was that the
obligations under the Termination Agreement had been undertaken by the
defendant and TWG Tea jointly. This could be seen from the use of the word
“we” in the phrase “we are pleased to confirm the following terms” in cl 2
(see [6(a)] above). This meant that although it was TWG Tea which had to pay
him the revised salary and grant him the profit sharing scheme, the defendant
would remain liable if TWG Tea reneged on these terms. TWG Tea had purported
to replace the profit sharing scheme in cl 2(a). This meant that that one of
the “above terms” referred to in cl 5 was “not fulfilled” (see [6(h)] above).
Hence, the plaintiff was entitled, pursuant to cl 5, to terminate and withdraw
from the Termination Agreement and to treat the 2007 Employment Letter as
continuing to be in force.

14 The plaintiff believed his construction of the Termination Agreement to be
supported by the fact that cl 2 and cl 3 were separate from each other. Clause
2 was an offer of the terms that the defendant and TWG Tea (ie, “we”) were
both making, which included cll 2(a)–(c), while cl 3 specifically imposed an
obligation only on TWG Tea to enter into a new employment contract with the
plaintiff. Clause 2 did not say, for example, that the defendant’s obligation
was only to procure that TWG Tea would enter into a new employment contract
with the plaintiff that set out the terms in cll 2(a)–(c). If that were the
case, the defendant would have fulfilled its obligations once the 2011
Employment Letter had been entered into between TWG Tea and the plaintiff. The
inclusion of cll 2(a)–(c) under cl 2 meant that the defendant had undertaken
to ensure that TWG Tea continuously complied with cll 2(a)–(c).

15 Providing some context to the Termination Agreement, the plaintiff stated
in his affidavit that it was clear to the defendant that the plaintiff wished
to protect and preserve his entitlement under the stock option scheme before
he was prepared to sign the Termination Agreement and enter into any new
employment contract with TWG Tea. Clause 5 was crafted to reflect that the
defendant would protect and preserve his entitlement, and that the plaintiff
could “revert to [his] original entitlement of [his] profit sharing and stock
option in the [defendant]” should the terms of the Termination Agreement not
be fulfilled.

16 The defendant advanced a different construction of the Termination
Agreement. It argued that the Termination Agreement was meant to set out the
terms on which the plaintiff would move from being an employee of the
defendant to being an employee of TWG Tea. The two terms were that the
plaintiff would enter into a new employment contract with TWG Tea, which was
to incorporate cll 2(a)–(c), and that the plaintiff would receive the ex
gratia payment of $100,000. These two terms had already been fulfilled.
Therefore, pursuant to cl 5, the defendant and TWG Tea had been discharged and
released from all obligations under the 2007 Employment Letter.

17 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s construction would lead to a
result that was at odds with the commercial purpose of the Termination
Agreement. The commercial purpose was to secure the termination of and the
discharge and release of the parties from their obligations under the 2007
Employment Letter. The plaintiff’s construction would mean that the plaintiff
would continue to have a right to revive the 2007 Employment Letter as against
the defendant even though TWG Tea might at any time change the profit sharing
scheme or the monthly salary. The defendant would not be able to stop TWG Tea
from doing that because it was no longer the majority shareholder of TWG Tea.
Yet the effect of the plaintiff’s construction would be to place the defendant
under a continuing obligation to ensure TWG Tea’s performance of its
obligations as an employer under the 2011 Employment Letter. This obligation
would continue until the plaintiff resigned or retired from TWG Tea. The
result was that the release of the defendant from its obligations under the
2007 Employment Letter, as contemplated in cl 5 of the Termination Agreement,
would never occur. In fact, the defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s
construction would lead to unreasonable and “plainly absurd” results.

My decision

18 As this application turned on a proper construction of the Termination
Agreement, I start my analysis by briefly setting out the relevant legal
principles. Construction is the process of ascertaining the intentions of the
parties as expressed in the contract. An objective approach must be taken.
What must be sought is the meaning that the contract conveys to a reasonable
person having the background knowledge that would have been reasonably
available to him: Ang Tin Yong v Ang Boon Chye and another [2012] 1 SLR 447
(“Ang Tin Yong”) at [11]. Two other principles of construction are pertinent:
first, that regard must be had to the commercial purpose of the transaction;
and second, that a construction which leads to unreasonable results is to be
avoided unless it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable
construction (see Ang Tin Yong at [10]).

19 The key question before me was whether cl 5 imposed a continuing obligation
on the defendant to guarantee the performance by TWG Tea, as employer of the
plaintiff, of the obligations in cll 2(a)–(c) which were set out in the 2011
Employment Letter as required by cl 3 of the Termination Agreement.

20 Based on an objective construction of the Termination Agreement and in
particular cll 2,3 and 5, my answer to this question was “no”. Reading the
plain words of cll 2, 3 and 5, it seemed to me that they would clearly convey
the following meanings to a reasonable person. To secure a termination of the
2007 Employment Letter, the plaintiff would be offered new terms of employment
pertaining to salary and incentives. These terms were in cll 2(a)–(c), and
were to be set out in a new letter of employment between TWG Tea and the
plaintiff, as required by cl 3. The plaintiff would also be offered the
$100,000 ex gratia payment. Upon TWG Tea’s entering into the new letter of
employment with the plaintiff, and the plaintiff’s receipt of the $100,000 ex
gratia payment, cl 5 would then become operative and the defendant, TWG Tea
and the plaintiff would be discharged and released from all obligations and
liabilities under the 2007 Employment Letter. If, and only if, either of these
conditions had not been met, the plaintiff would be entitled to treat the 2007
Employment Letter as continuing in force. Otherwise, the employment
relationship between TWG Tea and the plaintiff would be governed only by the
new letter of employment. In short, I agreed with the defendant’s position.

21 I disagreed with the plaintiff’s submission that the separation of cl 2
from cl 3 of the Termination Agreement, and the use of “we” in cl 2, meant
that the defendant had undertaken a continuing obligation to ensure that TWG
Tea complied with the terms in cll 2(a)–(c) during the plaintiff’s employment
with TWG Tea. In fact, the converse appeared to be true. If cl 2 were meant to
impose on the defendant a continuing obligation to guarantee the performance
of the obligations in cll 2(a)–(c), there would be no reason to insert cl 3 to
ensure that these terms were incorporated into a new letter of employment
between TWG Tea and the plaintiff. The existence of cl 3 suggested that the
defendant’s obligations under the Termination Agreement would cease once a new
letter of employment were to be entered into between TWG Tea and the
plaintiff. There was no obligation imposed on the defendant to ensure that TWG
Tea continued to honour cll 2(a)–(c) as incorporated in the new letter of
employment between TWG Tea and the plaintiff.

22 In my view, the construction as explained at [20] would be in accord with
the commercial purpose of the Termination Agreement, which, according to its
header, was the “[t]ermination, [d]discharge, and [r]elease” of the 2007
Employment Letter. The Termination Agreement was obviously intended to effect
a clean transfer of the plaintiff’s employment from the defendant to TWG Tea
on the new terms pertaining to salary and incentives. To find that the
Termination Agreement imposed a continuing obligation on the defendant would
have run counter to this commercial purpose because it would have meant, as
the defendant had pointed out, that the release in cl 5 would never have
operated so long as the plaintiff remained in TWG Tea’s employment. In this
regard, I accepted the defendant’s argument as summarised at [17] above.

23 Moreover, to find that such a continuing obligation existed would, in my
view, lead to unreasonable and absurd results. On the plaintiff’s construction
of the Termination Agreement, were TWG Tea to replace the profit sharing
scheme as set out in cl 2(a) with a new incentive scheme, the plaintiff would
be entitled to reject the new incentive scheme and, as it were, substitute
that with the stock option scheme in the 2007 Employment Letter. Such a
construction would mean that 5% of the defendant’s total issued share capital
would always be on the line, to be transferred to the plaintiff if TWG Tea
departed from the profit sharing scheme as set out in cl 2(a) of the
Termination Agreement. In fact, this would also be the case if TWG Tea were to
depart from the revised salary as set out in cl 2(c) of the Termination
Agreement.

24 Seen in that light, the obligation the defendant was supposed to have
assumed under the Termination Agreement was akin to a guarantee: the defendant
was putting forth 5% of its total issued share capital as assurance for the
plaintiff that TWG Tea would honour the obligations in cll 2(a)–(c). As set
out at [15] above, the plaintiff explained that at the material time, the
defendant knew of the plaintiff’s concern to protect his entitlement under the
stock option scheme before he would sign a new letter of employment with TWG
Tea. According to the plaintiff, under such circumstances, the defendant
agreed to cl 5, which was meant to reflect the defendant’s intention to
provide such protection on an ongoing basis.

25 I note that the defendant disputed the plaintiff’s account. More
importantly, in my view, there was no reason for the defendant to undertake
such an onerous obligation. After all, it would be open to the plaintiff to
commence an action against TWG Tea for any breach of the 2011 Employment
Letter. In any case, it would take the inclusion of clear, explicit and
unambiguous provisions in the Termination Agreement for the defendant to be
said to have assumed such an onerous and uncommercial obligation. There were
no such provisions here.

26 By the foregoing, I found that on an objective construction of the
Termination Agreement, cl 5 would become operative after the occurrence of two
things: first, cll 2(a)–(c) being set out in a new letter of employment
between TWG Tea and the plaintiff, and second, the plaintiff receiving the
$100,000 ex gratia payment in accordance with cll 2(d)–(e). Since the parties
did not dispute that both these terms had been fulfilled, cl 5 operated, with
the result that the 2007 Employment Letter had been terminated and the parties
had been discharged and released from their obligations contained therein.
There was no continuing obligation imposed on the defendant to ensure TWG
Tea’s performance of the obligations in cll 2(a)–(c) of the Termination
Agreement, as set out later in the 2011 Employment Letter. Thus, there was no
basis for the plaintiff to rely on the 2007 Employment Letter to claim 5% of
the defendant’s total issued share capital in this action.

Conclusion

27 Accordingly, I dismissed the plaintiff’s action against the defendant in
its entirety. I ordered the plaintiff to pay the defendant’s costs of the
action, fixed at $10,000, and reasonable disbursements to be agreed or taxed.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Koh Swee Hua Eddie (S H Koh & Co) for the plaintiff;  
Chua Sui Tong (Rev Law LLC) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

