Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 318

Suit No 1297 of 2015  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 59 of 2017)

Between

EFG BANK AG, SINGAPORE BRANCH  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

TENG WEN-CHUNG  
---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Contract] — [Illegality and Public Policy]

[Conflict of Laws] — [Choice of Law] — [Effect of Illegality of Related
Contract]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
EFG Bank AG, Singapore Branch

  

v

  

Teng Wen-Chung

[2017] SGHC 318

High Court — Suit No 1297 of 2015 (Registrar’s Appeal No 59 of 2017)  
George Wei J  
18 April 2017

15 December 2017

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff is the Singapore branch of EFG Bank AG, a bank incorporated in
Switzerland. In these grounds of decision, all branches of EFG Bank AG other
than the plaintiff will be referred to as “EFG Bank”. The defendant, Teng Wen-
Chung, is a Taiwanese national and also a citizen of the Commonwealth of
Dominica. The present dispute concerns the defendant’s liability under an
indemnity agreement to pay on demand all sums owed or payable by a third party
to the plaintiff.

2 On 4 December 2015, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the defendant
for payment of US$199,656,177.77 under the indemnity agreement. As the demand
was not met, the plaintiff commenced High Court Suit No 1297 of 2015. On 23
September 2016, the plaintiff filed an application for summary judgment
pursuant to O 14 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”). The defendant’s response was to apply for leave to amend its defence
as part of the attempt to resist summary judgment.

3 On 21 February 2017, the learned Registrar of the Supreme Court (“the
Registrar”) allowed the defendant’s application to amend the defence. However,
he also granted summary judgment to the plaintiff. The defendant appealed the
grant of summary judgment in Registrar’s Appeal No 59 of 2017 (“RA 59”), while
the plaintiff appealed the decision to allow the amendment in Registrar’s
Appeal No 63 of 2017 (“RA 63”).

4 After hearing arguments on 18 April 2017, I dismissed both appeals. The
defendant being dissatisfied has filed an appeal against my decision in RA 59.
I now set out the reasons for my decision.

Facts

Dramatis personae

5 Singfor Life Insurance Ltd (“Singfor”) is a Taiwanese life insurance
company. The defendant was appointed Vice-Chairman of Singfor on 13 February
2007. The appointment took effect after it was confirmed by the Taiwanese
Financial Supervisory Commission on 13 September 2007. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Teng Wen-Chung, 7 November 2016, para 14.

Sometime in January 2008, the defendant became the Chairman of Singfor. He
held this position until Singfor was placed under government receivership in
August 2014. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 7.

He was also a director and the majority shareholder of Singfor. According to
the plaintiff, from about 2009, the defendant has held 99 percent of the
shares in Singfor either under his own name or through various nominees. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 14.

6 Surewin Worldwide Limited (“Surewin”) is a company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands. Surewin opened an account with the plaintiff on 30 May
2007. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 23.

According to the plaintiff, a pledge was created that same day in respect of
all assets which come into the possession or control of the plaintiff for the
account of Surewin as a continuing security for the payment of “all monies and
the performance of all current and future obligations to [the plaintiff] of
[Surewin]” (“the Surewin Pledge”). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of claim, para 11(a)(ii)–(iii).

7 High Grounds Asset International Ltd (“High Grounds”) is another company
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Statement of claim, para 11(a)(i).

High Grounds opened an account with the plaintiff on 23 May 2007. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 23.

The same day, a pledge was created of all assets which come into the
possession or control of the plaintiff for the account of High Grounds, also
to secure Surewin’s liabilities to the plaintiff (“the High Grounds Pledge”).
8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of claim, para 11(a)(ii).

8 Singfor Tactical Asset Allocation Portfolio SA (“the STAAP Fund”) is a
company incorporated in the Bahamas which also opened an account with the
plaintiff, in July 2007. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 33.

In August 2007, Singfor executed a “Custodian Agreement” appointing the
plaintiff as its custodian, and a “Discretionary Management Mandate” granting
EFG Bank the mandate to manage all its assets held in STAAP’s account. A
pledge was created on 3 September 2007 over the assets held in STAAP’s account
to secure Surewin’s liabilities to the plaintiff (“the STAAP Pledge”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 27 and p 351.

The pledge was given in respect of the following: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 351.

[a]ll monies and the performance of all current and future obligations to the
Bank of the Borrower and (if different) the Pledgor … and the satisfaction of
all liabilities present or future … for which the Borrower and (if different)
the Pledgor is now or may at any time after the date of this Pledge be
indebted or liable to the Bank …

The borrower was Surewin. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 356.

The STAAP Pledge was expressly stated to be governed by the laws of Singapore.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 355 (clause 24).

9 The SFIP-1 Unit Trust (“SFIP-1”) is a unit trust created by a Trust Deed
dated 7 March 2008. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 13(a)(iv).

Singfor is the sole unit holder of this unit trust. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Statement of claim, para 11(a)(i).

SFIP-1 opened a bank account with the plaintiff on 7 March 2008. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 42.

At the same time, SFIP-1’s trustee, Volaw Corporate Trustee Ltd, created a
pledge over SFIP-1’s assets in favour of the plaintiff in terms similar to the
STAAP Pledge (“the SFIP-1 Pledge”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 242.

Again, this pledge was created to secure Surewin’s liabilities to the
plaintiff. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 242.

The SFIP-1 Pledge was also expressly stated to be governed by the laws of
Singapore. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 241 (clause 24).

10 It appears that Singfor is the ultimate beneficial owner of Surewin and
High Grounds. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of claim, para 4; 2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016,
pp 364–365 and 378–383.

According to the plaintiff, Singfor is also the ultimate beneficial owner of
the STAAP Fund. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of claim, paras 4, 11(a)(i), Reply, para 30.6.

The defendant disputes that Singfor is the ultimate beneficial owner of
Surewin, High Grounds and the STAAP Fund, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 10.6.

and avers that Singfor is the ultimate beneficial owner of Surewin and High
Grounds only insofar as that is what has been stated in the relevant account
opening documents with the plaintiff. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 28.

The defendant maintains, however, that neither he nor Huang Cheng-Yi
(“Huang”), who was the Chairman of Singfor in 2007, was aware that Surewin,
High Grounds, or the STAAP Fund had been incorporated as Singfor’s
beneficially owned companies. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 10.6 and 12.3.

The genesis of the dispute

The Loan Facilities

11 The plaintiff granted two loan facilities (“the Loan Facilities”) to
Surewin in 2012 under the following facility letters:

(a) A facility letter dated 31 January 2012 as amended by facility letters
dated 6 November 2012 and 6 June 2013 (“the January 2012 Facility Letter”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 6.

The January 2012 Facility Letter granted Surewin an overdraft and/or loan
facility for up to US$240m (“the First Surewin Facility”). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, pp 35 and 76.

The purpose of the First Surewin Facility was stated as for “investments with
and/or outside the Bank.” 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 35.

(b) A facility letter dated 6 November 2012 (“the November 2012 Facility
Letter”). The November 2012 Facility Letter extended an overdraft/loan for up
to US$30m (“the Second Surewin Facility”). The purpose of the Second Surewin
Facility was stated as “[t]o finance the single premium payments” for two life
insurance policies issued on the life of the defendant (see [21] below). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 79.

12 Under cl 25 of the January 2012 Facility Letter and cl 23 of the November
2012 Facility Letter respectively, both of the Loan Facilities are expressly
stated to be governed by Singapore law. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, pp 40 and 83.

The terms and conditions of the Loan Facilities are not in dispute.

13 The terms of the First Surewin Facility were governed by the January 2012
Facility Letter. Under cl 20 of the January 2012 Facility Letter, the
plaintiff had the right to terminate the facility and declare all outstanding
amounts due and payable upon the occurrence of certain “events of default”.
These included the following events, “or events having materially the same
effects” as the following events: 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, pp 38–39.

(a) Any encumbrancer taking possession of, or a trustee, receiver or similar
officer being appointed in respect of all or any part of the assets of Surewin
(cl 20(f) of the January 2012 Facility Letter);

(b) Any payment default or bankruptcy procedures or proceedings having
materially the same effects against Surewin’s ultimate beneficial owner (cl
20(i) of the January 2012 Facility Letter).

14 The terms of the Second Surewin Facility were governed by the November 2012
Facility Letter. Clause 3 of the November 2012 Facility Letter provided that
the plaintiff “[reserved] the right to terminate the Facility at any time at
its sole discretion, and to demand with fourteen days’ notice payment in full
of all amounts actually or contingently outstanding under the Facility”. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 79.

Clause 18 of the November 2012 Facility Letter provided that the Second
Surewin Facility was “subject to the [plaintiff’s] customary overriding right
to require repayment on demand if in the [plaintiff’s] opinion it would be
contrary to prudent banking practice for the Facility to continue for whatever
reason”. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 82.

15 Both the January 2012 Facility Letter and the November 2012 Facility Letter
provided that the Loan Facilities were subject to the plaintiff’s general
conditions (“General Conditions”), and that the General Conditions would
prevail in the event of any conflict between the terms of the Facility Letters
and the General Conditions. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 39 (clause 23) and p 83
(clause 21).

The General Conditions contained the following provisions: 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, pp 207 and 223.

3.4 A certificate signed by an authorised signatory of the [plaintiff] or the
[plaintiff’s] computer printout stating the amount due and owing from the
Client under or in relation hereto and/or any other matter shall, in the
absence of manifest error, be conclusive against and binding on the Client.

…

40.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph 41, the [plaintiff] shall
have the right at its absolute discretion to terminate its business
relationship with the Client at any time with immediate effect and without
stating its reason. The [plaintiff] reserves the right, in particular, to
cancel all credit committed or advanced, in which case all amounts owed to
[the plaintiff] shall immediately become due and payable without prior notice…

…

41\. Events of Default

An Event of Default shall occur and any security … shall immediately become
exercisable without notice to the Client or any third party (and without being
obliged to give any reason for the same) if any authorised signatory of the
[plaintiff] shall certify in writing that in respect of the Client …. any of
the following has occurred and that the [plaintiff] elects to treat the same
as an Event of Default:

…

(i) any event occurs or circumstances exist which, in the [plaintiff’s] sole
opinion affects or may affect [the Client’s] or any third party’s ability to
perform any of its obligations under these General Conditions … or in respect
of any other agreement or contract between the [plaintiff] and the Client or
any such third party; or

(j) the [plaintiff] in its absolute discretion, otherwise considers it
prudent, advisable or necessary to safeguard its interest for whatever reason.

The collateral for the Loan Facilities

16 The Loan Facilities were secured inter alia by an agreement executed by the
defendant on 19 January 2012. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

1st Affidavit of Wu Hsiao-Yun, 23 September 2016, para 60.

For reasons that will shortly become clear, the parties diverge sharply on how
this agreement ought to be characterised. The plaintiff describes the
agreement as an “indemnity”, 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, paras 27–31.

while the defendant’s position is that what was provided was a “guarantee”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 5.

The document is entitled “Guarantee.” 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 26.

The question of whether the agreement is in the nature of an indemnity or a
guarantee carries legal significance, and will be examined below. For
convenience, I will refer to the agreement as the “Indemnity Agreement.”

17 Clause 1 of the Indemnity Agreement provided as follows: 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 26.

In consideration of [the plaintiff] … making or continuing to make at my/our
request advances, loans, credit and other banking facilities … to such an
extent and for so long as [the plaintiff] may think fit to [Surewin] … I/WE
[the defendant] HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE to pay to [the
plaintiff] on demand all sums of money which shall from time to time and at
any time be owing or payable to [the plaintiff] by [Surewin] … or which
[Surewin] may be or become liable to pay to [the plaintiff] whether in
Singapore or elsewhere on any account or otherwise or in any manner howsoever
and whether in respect of moneys advanced or paid to or for the use of
[Surewin] on before or after the execution of this Guarantee or in respect of
any banking facilities of such nature and amount as may have been or may be
from time to time granted by [the plaintiff] to [Surewin] pursuant to the
terms and conditions of any facility letter … as revised amended or
supplemented from time to time …

18 It is also worth mentioning cl 9 of the Indemnity Agreement, which
provides, in material part:

9\. This Guarantee shall not be prejudiced diminished or affected in any way
nor shall I/we be released or exonerated by any of the matters following:-

…

(h) any irregularity unenforceability or invalidity of any obligation of the
Borrower or any other persons under any security or document to the intent
that my obligations under this Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect
and this Guarantee shall be construed accordingly as if there were no such
irregularity unenforceability or invalidity …

19 Clause 28 of the Indemnity Agreement provided that the Indemnity Agreement
was governed by Singapore law. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 33.

20 Apart from the Indemnity Agreement, the Loan Facilities were also secured
by the Surewin Pledge, the High Grounds Pledge, the STAAP Pledge, and the
SFIP-1 Pledge (“the Four Pledges”) (see [6]–[9] above). However, the Four
Pledges were created many years before the grant of the two Loan Facilities.

21 In addition to the Four Pledges, the Loan Facilities were also secured by
two life insurance policies (“the Life Insurance Policies”) issued on the life
of the defendant. These were a policy issued by American International
Assurance Company (Bermuda) Ltd (“the AIA Policy”) and a policy issued by the
Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (“the Manulife Policy”). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 13(b); 2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong,
23 September 2016, p 79.

The AIA policy was assigned to the plaintiff on 27 December 2012 and the
Manulife policy was assigned to the plaintiff on 26 January 2012. The
assignments provided that the Life Insurance Policies were “held as collateral
security for any and all liabilities of … [Surewin] … either now existing or
that may hereafter arise.” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 13(b).

Events of default and the demand under the Indemnity Agreement

22 Following the grant of the two Facilities in 2012, the plaintiff disbursed
the loans to Surewin. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 13.

23 On 12 August 2014, Singfor was placed under government receivership and the
Taiwanese Insurance Guaranty Fund (“TIGF”) was appointed as receiver. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 7.

24 After Singfor was placed under receivership, the plaintiff elected to
notify Surewin that events of default had occurred. The plaintiff terminated
both Loan Facilities and demanded repayment of the outstanding amounts. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 15.

Before me it was not disputed that the plaintiff was entitled to, and validly
called, events of default under the terms governing the Loan Facilities,
including the General Conditions.

25 As Surewin failed to pay the outstanding amounts due under the Loan
Facilities, the plaintiff took steps to enforce some of the security which had
been provided. However, no steps were taken to enforce the SFIP-1 Pledge. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 16.

The plaintiff also gave notice of its intention to surrender the Life
Insurance Policies if Surewin failed to make full payment of the outstanding
sum. After applying the proceeds from the various securities, the plaintiff
had realised a sum of US$32,124,570.23, leaving a remainder of
US$199,656,177.77 due and outstanding under the Loan Facilities on 4 December
2015. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 18.

26 On 4 December 2015, the plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the
defendant under the Indemnity Agreement. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 245.

Aside from the outstanding sum and interest, the defendant was also given
notice that US$12,700,000.00 had been expended in connection with the
enforcement of the Facilities and/or as a consequence of the default of
payment by Surewin. The plaintiff stated that it was entitled to be
indemnified by the defendant for such expenses and/or costs under the terms of
the Loan Facilities, the General Conditions and the Indemnity Agreement. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 245 (para 5).

It is undisputed that the defendant did not and has not paid any part of the
sums demanded. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, para 18.

The plaintiff commenced the present proceedings on 24 December 2015.

The parties’ cases

The crux of the defence

27 In respect of the First Surewin Facility, the defendant’s position is that
the claim under the Indemnity Agreement is tainted by illegality. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 45; Amended
defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 17–19.

28 The defendant asserts that an elaborate scheme was concocted by the
plaintiff, its staff and EFG Bank to enable Surewin to obtain loans from the
plaintiff by using Singfor’s assets as collateral. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 45.1.

It will be recalled that aside from the Indemnity Agreement and the assignment
of the Life Insurance Policies, the Loan Facilities were also secured by the
Four Pledges (see [20] above). The defendant specifically pleads that “the
pledges of Singfor’s assets to the plaintiff and EFG Bank obtained from the
STAAP Fund and [SFIP-1] are illegal”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 18A.

The STAAP Pledge and the SFIP-1 Pledge (“the Pledges”) are said to have been
created in breach of Taiwanese law which prohibits a life insurance company
from pledging its assets as collateral to secure loans to unrelated third
parties. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 9.

The First Surewin Facility is similarly void and/or unenforceable for
illegality because it was “but a part of [the] fraudulent scheme” to cause
Singfor to provide its assets to secure an unrelated third party’s loans. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 10.

29 The defendant further argues that since the First Surewin Facility is void
and/or unenforceable for illegality, the Indemnity Agreement is also tainted
with illegality, and as such the plaintiff cannot rely on the Indemnity
Agreement to found its claim against the defendant. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 76–77.

30 The defendant applied to amend its defence for the purpose of providing
more details on the alleged fraudulent scheme by the plaintiff, its staff and
EFG Bank to cause Singfor to provide its assets as collateral for an unrelated
third party’s loans. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 17.

The amendments pertained to the particulars of the relevant Taiwanese legal
provision as well as the conviction of the defendant and Huang in the
Taiwanese District Court (“Taiwanese Court”) in respect of charges related to
the Pledges and the Loan Facilities. I note that the Registrar allowed the
amendment, which decision I have upheld. The plaintiff has not appealed
against my decision.

31 In respect of the Second Surewin Facility, the crux of the defendant’s
position is that this facility and the Indemnity Agreement (insofar as the
claim on the Indemnity Agreement is based on the Second Surewin Facility) are
also unenforceable because of fraudulent misrepresentation and/or mistake. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 21–23.

The defendant asserts that one Jolene Wu represented to him that the plaintiff
and EFG Bank were offering the defendant an opportunity to purchase the Life
Insurance Policies as a VIP client, and that the financing of the policy
premiums would occur through a loan from the bank which would in turn be
financed by interest paid by the insurance companies on the Life Insurance
Policies. Further, Jolene Wu had represented to the defendant that the loans
would be taken out by the defendant personally, and not by Surewin. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 21.

The defendant further asserts that the Second Surewin Facility is not
enforceable because he did not understand the nature of the relevant
documents, including the November 2012 Facility Letter, when he signed them.
He was not proficient in English and had signed the documents in reliance on
Jolene Wu’s (allegedly fraudulent) representations concerning their contents.
60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 23.

32 Besides the defences as summarised above, the defendant asserted there were
many other triable issues of fact meriting a trial of the claim. Some of these
will be touched on later in these grounds of decision.

The plaintiff’s case

33 Before the Registrar, the plaintiff took the position that the debt due
under the Second Surewin Facility had been “completely settled”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcript, 21 February 2017, p 3.

Some US$32.124 m had been realised from the collateral, including the Life
Insurance Policies. Citing “Clayton’s case” (ie, Devaynes v Noble (1816) 35 ER
781), the plaintiff argued that it was entitled as creditor to appropriate the
monies it had realised from the collateral as it deemed fit, and it did so
towards the claim on the Second Surewin Facility. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Plaintiff’s outline for oral submissions, paras 11–15.

The defendant did not challenge the validity of the plaintiff’s position in
this regard, whether before the Registrar or in the submissions before me. The
plaintiff’s arguments were therefore focused on countering the defence in
respect of the First Surewin Facility.

34 The plaintiff’s position in essence was that it had raised a prima facie
case for summary judgment, and that the defendant had failed to establish a
fair or reasonable probability that he had a real or bona fide defence. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 21.

In the first place, the plaintiff argued that even if the defendant was able
to make out his case that the Loan Facilities were void or unenforceable for
illegality or misrepresentation or mistake, this would not defeat the
plaintiff’s claim under the Indemnity Agreement. This was because the
Indemnity Agreement was in the nature of an indemnity and not a mere
guarantee. While liability under a guarantee was “collateral to and dependent
upon the liability of a third person”, liability under an indemnity was
“original and independent” (citing PT Jaya Sumpiles Indonesia v Kristle
Trading Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 689 (“PT Jaya”) at [50]). While the fact that a
principal contract is void would generally render a guarantee similarly
unenforceable, an indemnity was in the nature of a primary obligation and was
not affected even if the principal contract was found to be defective (citing
S Y Technology v Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 756 (“S Y
Technology”) at [22]). 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 28.

35 The plaintiff argued that in any event, the First Surewin Facility was not
void or unenforceable under Singapore law. There was no basis for the
defendant’s case that the First Surewin Facility was part of a “fraudulent
scheme” by Jolene Wu, the plaintiff and EFG Bank to cause Singfor to provide
its assets as collateral for an unrelated third party’s loans. Even if it was
illegal under Taiwanese law for a life insurance company to pledge its assets
as collateral for an unrelated third party’s loans, this would only render the
Pledges illegal. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 41.

It would not mean that the Loan Facilities or the Indemnity were illegal.

36 The plaintiff highlighted that the Loan Facilities and the Indemnity
Agreement were contracts separate from the Pledges, and were executed some
four to five years after the STAAP and SFIP-1 Pledges were entered into. In
oral submissions, the plaintiff contended that the Indemnity Agreement was not
tainted by any foreign illegality, citing the case of Euro-Diam v Bathurst
[1990] 1 QB 1 (“Euro-Diam”) in support of its position.

Principles applicable to summary judgment

37 The principles applicable to summary judgment under O 14 r 1 of the Rules
are well established and can be dealt with briefly. In order to obtain summary
judgment, a plaintiff must first establish a prima facie case for judgment.
Once this has been done, the burden as such shifts to the defendant who, in
order to obtain leave to defend, must establish a fair or reasonable
probability that he has a real or bona fide defence in order to resist summary
judgment (see Singapore Civil Procedure 2017 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock JC gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2017) (“SCP”) at para 14/4/5 and also M2B World Asia Pacific
Pte Ltd v Matsumura Akihiko [2015] 1 SLR 325 at [17]). Under O 14 r 3 of the
Rules, the defendant may also obtain leave to defend by establishing “that
there is an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried” or “that
there ought for some other reason to be a trial”.

38 Even where there is a conflict in the affidavit evidence, a judge is not
bound to uncritically accept as raising a dispute of fact every statement in
an affidavit however equivocal, lacking in precision or inherently improbable
(SCP at para 14/4/2, citing the remarks of Lord Diplock in Eng Mee Yong v
Letchumanan [1979] 2 MLJ 212). SCP rightly goes on to state at para 14/4/2
that the judge will need to exercise discretion so as to determine whether the
statements have sufficient prima facie plausibility to merit further
investigation as to their truth. Similar comments are made by Jeffrey Pinsler
SC in Singapore Court Practice 2017 vol 1 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2017) at para 14/3/1 where, for example, it is said that the
sworn evidence of the defendant will not be accepted if it is inconsistent
with contemporaneous documents or is inherently implausible or contrary to
other compelling evidence.

39 While it has been said that leave to defend should be given where a
difficult question of law is raised, where the point is clear and the court is
satisfied that it is unarguable, leave to defend will be refused (SCP at para
14/4/8).

Issues

40 As mentioned at [33] above, the defendant has not challenged the
plaintiff’s position that it was entitled to apply the monies it had realised
from the collateral towards the claim on the Second Surewin Facility. I,
therefore, proceeded on the basis that only the claim based on the First
Surewin Facility (and the defences thereto) remained to be considered.

41 The questions that arose for determination were as follows:

(a) Whether the plaintiff had established a prima facie case for summary
judgment;

(b) Whether the defendant had established a reasonable probability that it has
a real or bona fide defence. This, in turn, raised the following sub-issues:

(i) Whether the First Surewin Facility and/or the Indemnity Agreement is
unenforceable by virtue of foreign illegality; and

(ii) Whether the Indemnity Agreement is in the nature of a guarantee or an
indemnity.

(c) Whether the defendant had succeeded in raising any other triable issue.

Decision

Is there a prima facie case for summary judgment?

42 It was clear, in my view, that the plaintiff had established a prima facie
case for summary judgment.

43 The plaintiff has pleaded the grant of the First Surewin Facility to
Surewin, the disbursement of loans under the First Surewin Facility, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Statement of claim, para 19.

the defendant’s execution of the Indemnity Agreement in favour of the
plaintiff, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Statement of claim, para 13.

the termination of the First Surewin Facility upon the occurrence of events of
default, 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Statement of claim, para 24.

the unmet demand for repayment from Surewin, 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Statement of claim, para 25.

and the demand against the defendant under the Indemnity Agreement. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Statement of claim, para 27.

In its written submissions, the plaintiff submitted that the above pleaded
facts are “undisputed” and that a prima facie case had therefore been
established. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 22.

44 I note that in his defence, the defendant does not admit that the loans
were disbursed. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 38.

The defendant also does not admit the paragraphs in the statement of claim
where the termination of the Loan Facilities is pleaded. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 38–44.

The defendant does not even admit the plaintiff’s pleading that the letter of
demand under the Indemnity Agreement was sent to the defendant. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), para 46.

However, in the course of submissions before the Registrar and in these
appeals, the defendant has not addressed any of these points. The submissions
instead were almost entirely focused on the question of illegality as well as
the defences of misrepresentation, mistake and non est factum.

45 The plaintiff argues that there can be no doubt or dispute over the basic
underlying facts. Its supporting affidavits refer to and exhibit the following
documents: the letter by which the plaintiff notified Surewin of the events of
default and demanded repayment, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 232.

the letter by which the plaintiff informed Surewin that it had taken steps to
enforce the debt against other collateral including the Life Insurance
Policies, 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 234.

the letter of demand to the defendant under the Indemnity Agreement, 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 245.

and a conclusive evidence certificate stating that the outstanding amount due
under the Indemnity Agreement was US$199,656,177.77. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 247.

46 I also note that cl 3.4 of the General Conditions provides that “a
certificate signed by an authorised signatory of [the plaintiff] … stating the
amount due and owing from the Client under or in relation hereto … shall in
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Client” (see
[15] above). A similar provision is set out in cl 18 of the Indemnity
Agreement. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 31.

47 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that the plaintiff had indeed
established a prima facie case for summary judgment. I now turn to whether the
defendant had established a reasonable probability that he has a bona fide
defence.

Has the defendant demonstrated a reasonable probability that he has a bona
fide defence?

48 As mentioned above, the burden is on the defendant to show that there is a
fair case for a defence or a reasonable probability that he has a bona fide
defence. I note that the defence of non est factum was only pleaded in
connection with the Second Surewin Facility. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 8, 9 and 22.

The defendant does not specifically plead non est factum in relation to the
First Surewin Facility and the Indemnity Agreement. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 10 (lines 1–7) and p 11 (lines 12–15).

Thus the main argument arising for consideration was the defendant’s claim
that the First Surewin Facility is void and/or unenforceable for illegality.
This in turn depended on (a) whether the First Surewin Facility is void and/or
unenforceable for illegality; and (b) if the First Surewin Facility was void
and/or unenforceable for illegality, whether the Indemnity Agreement would
similarly be void and/or unenforceable.

49 Nevertheless, for completeness, I have also considered below whether the
general points raised by the defendant concerning his lack of proficiency in
English and his claim that he was tricked or misled by Jolene Wu raise any
triable issues in relation to the claim on the First Surewin Facility.

Whether the First Surewin Facility is void for illegality

50 As I have mentioned, the defendant’s case is that the First Surewin
Facility was part of a fraudulent scheme to defraud Singfor into providing its
assets as collateral for loans to an unrelated third party (Surewin). 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 58.

This was a breach of Taiwanese law, which also led to the prosecution and
conviction of the defendant and Huang. On this basis, the defendant argues
that the First Surewin Facility is void and/or unenforceable for illegality.
83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Amended defence (Annex A to Summons 272 of 2017), paras 17–18.

Since the First Surewin Facility is void and/or unenforceable for illegality,
the Indemnity Agreement (which the defendant calls the “Guarantee”) is also
said to be tainted with illegality. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 76–77.

51 I note that the plaintiff has pleaded that it was “not aware of any reason
why the STAAP Pledge and/or the SFIP-1 Pledge would be illegal under Taiwanese
law”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Reply, para 37.2.1.

The plaintiff has also highlighted that it had obtained and relied on two
legal opinions from a Taiwanese law firm, Chien Yeh Law Offices, which opined
that “a Taiwan-based insurance company [may] invest in foreign bonds or
foreign securities based investment trust funds and the bondholders or fund
investor [may] grant a security interest, mortgage or pledge the assets of the
fund in support of a loan from a bank to any third party … with the only
condition being to comply with the laws of the registered country of the
investment trust fund”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 49(a); 2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong,
23 September 2016, pp 458–462.

52 The defendant for his part relies on the findings of the Taiwanese Court in
support of his position that it is illegal under Taiwanese law for a life
insurance company to pledge its assets to secure loans to an unrelated third
party. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 45.1.

In coming to my decision, I should clarify that I have not made any finding as
to what exactly the position under Taiwanese law is. Foreign law is an issue
of fact which may be proven either through the adducing of raw sources of
foreign law as evidence or by adducing the opinion of an expert in the foreign
law in question (see Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“Pacific Recreation”) at [54]). I note
that the defendant filed an affidavit affirmed by a Taiwanese lawyer, Hsieh
Fu-Kai. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Affidavit of Hsieh Fu-Kai, 9 November 2016.

However, neither party made any reference to this affidavit in the hearing
before me, and the arguments proceeded on the basis that the Pledges were
illegal under Taiwanese law. I have considered whether the defendant has a
bona fide defence on the assumption that it is indeed a breach of Taiwanese
law for a life insurance company to pledge its assets to secure loans to an
unrelated third party. The question, however, is what effect this would have
on the plaintiff’s claim in the present proceedings.

(1) Applicable legal principles

53 Before I deal with the legal principles relevant to this question, it may
be helpful to clarify three points.

54 First, there is no doubt that the First Surewin Facility and the Indemnity
Agreement are both governed by Singapore law. Where a contract contains
express provisions as to its governing law, the governing law of the contract
is generally determined in accordance with such express terms (Pacific
Recreation at [36] citing Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 285 at [82]). As stated at [12] and [19] above, Singapore law
is expressly stated to be the governing law of both the First Surewin Facility
and the Indemnity Agreement.

55 Secondly, I have found that the place of performance for both the First
Surewin Facility and the Indemnity Agreement is Singapore. With regard to
First Surewin Facility, the defendant accepts that the place of performance is
“arguably” Singapore given that the plaintiff is the Singapore branch of EFG
Bank and the funds to be disbursed under the First Surewin Facility would be
disbursed to Surewin’s bank account located in Singapore. I note, however,
that the defendant argues that there is a connection between the First Surewin
Faciltiy and Taiwan in that the source of Surewin’s instructions came from the
defendant in Taiwan. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 59.2.1.

In my view, the place of performance of the First Surewin Facility is clearly
Singapore. As noted by the court in Peh Teck Quee v Bayerische Landesbank
Girozentrale [1999] 3 SLR (R) 842 (“Peh Teck Quee”) at [21]:

According to the Encyclopaedia of Banking Law (1998 Ed), the key obligation in
a loan contract is generally the obligation to make payments, and the place
where those payments must be made is accordingly the place of performance. …

56 The terms of the Indemnity Agreement were silent as to where repayment was
to take place. However, the same arguments which the defendant acknowledged in
relation to the First Surewin Facility similarly apply in respect of the
Indemnity Agreement – ie, that the place of performance is in all likelihood
Singapore, given that the Indemnity Agreement was executed in favour of the
plaintiff, which is the Singapore branch of EFG Bank, and any payment would
presumably take place in Singapore. The plaintiff also cites Dicey, Morris &
Collins on The Conflict of Laws (Lord Collins of Mapesbury gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 15th Ed, 2012) at para 11-197 for “[t]he general rule … that where no
place of payment is specified … the debtor must seek out his creditor”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiff’s outline for oral submissions, para 21.

I agree. There was certainly nothing in the contract that required payment to
take place in Taiwan.

57 Thirdly, and at the risk of stating the obvious, the First Surewin Facility
is a loan facility between a bank (the plaintiff) and a borrower (Surewin).
The Indemnity Agreement is an agreement by the defendant to pay the plaintiff
sums which Surewin is liable to pay to the plaintiff. Neither of these
agreements involves an insurance company pledging its assets as collateral for
the debts of an unrelated third party.

58 I raise these three points at the outset because they have implications for
the line of authorities which is relevant to determining the effect of the
alleged Taiwanese illegality on the First Surewin Facility. In this regard, I
note that in the course of submissions the defendant made references to cases
such as Foster v Driscoll [1929] 1 KB 470 (“Foster v Driscoll”), Regazzoni v K
C Sethia (1944) Ltd [1958] AC 301 (“Regazzoni”), Ralli Brothers v Compania
Naviera Sota y Aznar [1920] 2 KB 287 (“Ralli Brothers”) and the decision of
the Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”) in BCBC Singapore Pte
Ltd v PT Bayan Resources TBK [2016] 4 SLR 1 (“BCBC”). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for RA 59 of 2017, paras 66–69.

The defendant sought to argue on the basis of these decisions that “the test
in Euro-Diam as to the enforcement of a contract tainted with foreign
illegality does not appear to be the be all and end all of the matter” and
“the Courts can consider a foreign illegality without having to apply the test
in Euro-Diam”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for RA 59 of 2017, para 66.

59 It is worth quoting from the SICC’s survey of the law on foreign illegality
in BCBC at [174]–[176]:

174 Although the subject of foreign illegality raises a host of difficult
issues and is a fertile ground for academic discourse, the doctrine of foreign
illegality in Singapore comprises two separate strands: see [Peh Teck Quee]…

175 The first, based on [Foster v Driscoll] and [Regazzoni] … is a principle
of domestic public policy that a Singapore court will not enforce a contract
or award damages for its breach, if its object or purpose would involve doing
an act in a foreign and friendly state which would violate the law of that
state. In Foster v Driscoll, the agreements were to smuggle whisky from
Scotland to the United States of America in contravention of the Prohibition
then in force. In [Regazzoni] a contract, governed by English law, for the
sale of India jute CIF Genoa and thence to South Africa, by an English company
(with an Indian director), to a Swiss company, was held unenforceable because
the object of one of the parties, known to the other, was to evade an Indian
prohibition of export of Indian goods to South Africa. …

176 The second, based on [Ralli Brothers] …, has been said to be an
independent conflict of laws principle, viz, a contract is, in general,
invalid in so far as the performance of it is unlawful by the law of the
country where the contract is to be performed, ie, the lex loci solutionis. …
In [Ralli Brothers], under a contract governed by English law, Spanish
shippers contracted with English charterers to ship goods from Calcutta to
Barcelona, agreeing to pay freight at £50 per ton upon arrival in Barcelona.
After the voyage had commenced, but before the vessel arrived in Barcelona,
Spain passed a law prohibiting the charging of freight above £10 per ton. The
charterers refused to pay more than £10 per ton. In English proceedings, the
shipowners failed to recover the balance from charterers as the charging of a
freight rate above the legal limit was illegal at the place of performance,
the lex loci solutionis.

[emphasis added]

60 As the excerpt above makes clear, the line of cases cited by the defendant
and discussed by the SICC in BCBC, including Foster v Driscoll, Regazzoni and
Ralli Brothers, are fundamentally different from the present case. Foster v
Driscoll and Regazzoni concerned contracts which themselves involved “doing an
act in a foreign and friendly state which would violate the law of that state”
(BCBC at [175]); while Ralli Brothers concerned a contract which was “unlawful
by the law of the country where the contract is to be performed” (BCBC at
[176]). Those cases did not involve contracts which, in the defendant’s own
words, “are not directly affected by illegality but are instead tainted by
illegality” [emphasis added]. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 49.

61 In the present case, I am concerned with the enforceability of the First
Surewin Facility and the Indemnity Agreement. Even if the creation of the
Pledges violated Taiwanese law, nothing on the face of either the First
Surewin Facility or the Indemnity Agreement reveals an intention to do an
illegal act in Taiwan or to circumvent Taiwanese law. Neither of these
contracts involves “doing an act in [Taiwan] which would violate the law of
[Taiwan]” (as in Foster v Driscoll and Regazzoni). Similarly, neither the
First Surewin Facility nor the Indemnity Agreement is a contract which is
“unlawful by the law of the country where the contract is to be performed” (as
in Ralli Brothers). The contracts in question are governed by Singapore law
and the place of performance is Singapore.

62 In other words, the present case concerns contracts which “are not directly
affected by foreign illegality”. The only question is whether they are tainted
by foreign illegality. As the defendant himself recognises, in cases of this
variety, the “important case” is Euro-Diam. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 49.

I agree that the applicable principles are to be found in that decision.

63 In Euro-Diam, the plaintiff was a UK supplier of precious stones who had
entered into a contract of indemnity insurance (governed by English law) with
the defendant insurer in respect of the export of consignments of precious
stones. After the plaintiff exported certain diamonds to West Germany, the
diamonds were stolen from the German company’s warehouse. The stolen diamonds
were part of two consignments negotiated by one “B”, an Israeli citizen
engaged in business in contravention of West German immigration laws, and
addressed to the German company. The plaintiffs claimed to be indemnified for
the loss of the stolen diamonds under the contract of insurance. The
defendants denied liability, arguing that the plaintiffs had misrepresented
the value of the second consignment of diamonds on the invoice sent to the
German company to enable the German company to evade West German import tax
law. The defendants argued that the plaintiff’s claims were thus tainted by
illegality.

64 Staughton J gave judgment for the plaintiffs and held that a claim could be
tainted with illegality and unenforceable if the plaintiff needed to plead or
prove illegality to establish his claim, or if the claim was so closely
connected with the proceeds of crime as to offend the conscience of the court.
Since the plaintiff’s claim against the defendant insurers did not fall afoul
of those principles, the claim was allowed.

65 In coming to his decision, which was upheld on appeal, Staughton J held at
23–24:

… when an English claim is said to be tainted by foreign illegality, one must
first inquire whether, applying the appropriate connecting factor, the
transaction from which the taint is said to arise would be enforceable here.
If not, one has next to decide whether there is sufficient connection between
that transaction and the claim to amount to taint within the Bowmaker or
Beresford principle. If the answer to that second question is yes the claim is
unenforceable here.

66 Staughton J identified three possible “connecting factors” in a case
concerning the topic of contractual illegality – the forum, the proper law,
and the place of performance (Euro-Diam at 21).

67 The Bowmaker principle refers to the decision of the English Court of
Appeal in Bowmakers Ltd v Barnet Instruments Ltd [1945] KB 65 at 71:

… a man’s right to possess his own chattels will as a general rule be enforced
against one who, without any claim of right, is detaining them, or has
converted them to his own use, even though it may appear either from the
pleadings, or in the course of the trial, that the chattels in question came
into the defendant’s possession by reason of an illegal contract between
himself and the plaintiff, provided that the plaintiff does not seek, and is
not forced, either to found his claim on the illegal contract or to plead its
illegality in order to support his claim.

[emphasis added]

68 The Bowmaker principle as developed in the UK applies where the plaintiff
needs to plead or prove the illegality in order to make out his claim (see
Euro-Diam at 18). Staughton J in Euro-Diam at 18 cited the following excerpt
from Chitty on Contracts vol 1 (A G Guest gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 25th Ed,
1983) at p 627:

It is not sufficient, in order to bring the plaintiff within the maxim, that
he should merely be obliged to give evidence of an illegal contract as part of
his case … for the rule applies only where the action is founded upon the
illegal contract, and is brought to enforce it.

[emphasis added]

69 The Beresford principle refers to the principle set out by Lord Atkin in
Beresford v Royal Insurance Co Ltd [1938] AC 586 (“Beresford”) at 598-599:

I think that the principle is that a man is not to be allowed to have recourse
to a Court of Justice to claim a benefit from his crime whether under a
contract or a gift. No doubt the rule pays regard to the fact that to hold
otherwise would in some cases offer an inducement to crime or remove a
restraint to crime, and that its effect is to act as a deterrent to crime. But
apart from these considerations the absolute rule is that the Courts will not
recognise a benefit accruing to a criminal from his crime.

70 The Beresford principle has been described as a test based on conscience as
it raises the question of the degree of proximity between the plaintiff’s
claim and the criminal behaviour: the more remote the crime, the less reason
to apply the principle. As Staughton J noted in Euro-Diam at 19:

The precise degree of proximity between the plaintiffs’ claim and criminal
behaviour, which is necessary to bring the Beresford principle into force,
will vary with the circumstances of a particular case.

71 To summarise the approach in Euro-Diam, in deciding whether a contract not
in itself illegal, is “tainted” by a foreign illegality, the court considers
the following:

(a) Whether the illegal transaction from which the “taint” is said to arise is
enforceable in Singapore on the application of the appropriate connecting
factor. If it is enforceable in Singapore, then the claim is enforceable.

(b) If the illegal transaction from which the “taint” is said to arise is
unenforceable in Singapore, the court next considers:

(i) Whether the plaintiff needs to plead or prove illegal conduct to establish
his claim (ie, whether the claim falls within the Bowmaker principle).

(ii) Whether the claim is so closely connected with the proceeds of crime to
offend the conscience of the court (ie, whether the claim falls within the
Beresford principle).

72 Euro-Diam was referred to and applied by the Court of Appeal in Station
Hotel Co v Malayan Railway Administration [1993] 2 SLR(R) 818 at [57],
although that case involved local illegality instead of foreign illegality.

(2) Application of Euro-Diam to the present facts

73 Applying the above framework, the first question to consider is whether the
illegal transaction from which the taint is said to arise (ie the STAAP and
SFIP-1 Pledges) would be enforceable in Singapore on the application of the
appropriate connecting factor.

74 Pausing here, I note that the Taiwanese Court in convicting the defendant
and Huang found that the STAAP Pledge and SFIP-1 Pledge were illegal and of no
effect under Taiwan law. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

3rd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 21 December 2016, para 8.

However, with regard to the connecting factors identified in Euro-Diam, the
forum is Singapore, and the proper law of the Pledges is Singapore law (see
[8] and [9] above). As the plaintiff rightly points out, there was no
contractual performance required in Taiwan. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s outline for oral submissions, para 27.

75 The foreign illegality relied on is a rule under Article 143 of the
Taiwanese Insurance Act that no insurance company may provide its assets as
collateral for the debt of another. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for RA 59 of 2017, p 69, para 2(e).

The plaintiff submits that this provision is not part of Singapore law, nor is
there an equivalent provision under Singapore law. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Plaintiff’s outline for oral submissions, para 28.

That submission has not been challenged by the defendant. It would appear that
the illegal transactions from which the taint is said to arise – ie the STAAP
and the SFIP-1 Pledges – would be enforceable in Singapore. It follows that
the First Surewin Facility, too, is enforceable in Singapore.

76 Even if I am wrong on this point, however, and the STAAP and SFIP-1 Pledges
are unenforceable in Singapore, the First Surewin Facility (and by extension,
the Indemnity Agreement) would still be enforceable because the Bowmaker and
the Beresford principles do not apply here.

77 In my view, the Beresford principle does not apply on the facts because the
First Surewin Facility and the Indemnity Agreement do not involve or have a
sufficient proximity with the “proceeds of crime”. I note that both of these
agreements were executed in 2012, many years after the making of the Pledges
in 2007 and 2008. Counsel for the defendant had suggested that the scheme by
the plaintiff and its officers to cause Singfor to breach Taiwanese law may
have been formulated as early as 2007 or 2008, and only came to fruition in
2012 when the Loan Facilities were granted. As he stated in oral submissions:
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 3 (lines 2–7).

Actually one cannot divorce the guarantee from the pledges and the facility,
because on my client’s case, the plaintiff went into Taiwan, sold a deal to
the client, said, you have to pledge Singfor, through a scheme, and Singfor is
prohibited from pledging, so you give the pledge, we give you the facility,
some years later we follow with a guarantee.

[emphasis added]

78 Even if that were true, however, I was of the view that this would not
bring the First Surewin Facility within the Beresford principle. As stated by
Lord Atkin in Beresford, the principle is that “a man is not to be allowed…to
claim a benefit from his crime” (Beresford at 598). To refuse to hold the
First Surewin Facility void would simply be to enforce the debt owed by
Surewin to the plaintiff. It is difficult to see in what sense that would be
allowing the plaintiff to benefit from the alleged crime of causing Singfor’s
assets to be pledged as collateral for that loan. The same reasoning applies
all the more to the Indemnity Agreement. To enforce the Indemnity Agreement
would not allow the plaintiff to benefit from causing Singfor’s assets to be
pledged as security for the First Surewin Facility. It would simply be
allowing the plaintiff to enforce a security arrangement entered into in
parallel with the allegedly illegal Pledges.

79 The Bowmaker principle does not apply because the plaintiff in this case
does not need to plead or prove illegal conduct to establish his claim at all.
The plaintiff would simply need to prove that it entered into a contract of
indemnity (ie the Indemnity Agreement) with the defendant. I note that in oral
submissions, the defendant highlighted that the plaintiff had, as a matter of
fact, described the “illegal transactions” (ie the Pledges) in its statement
of claim. The point, however, is that there is no need for the plaintiff to
even make any mention of the Pledges in order to establish its entitlement to
claim indemnity from the defendant. If the plaintiff did so, it was only for
the purpose of setting out the background narrative. That did not mean that it
was necessary for the plaintiff to plead the alleged illegality in order to
make out its cause of action.

80 Accordingly, I find that the defendant has failed to raise a reasonable
probability that it has a bona fide defence that the First Surewin Facility
and/or the Indemnity Agreement is void and/or unenforceable for illegality.

81 I should also mention that the defendant had referred to the decision of
the Court of Appeal in Ting Siew May v Boon Lay Choo [2014] 3 SLR 609 (“Ting
Siew May”), which sets out an extensive review of the law concerning when a
contract is unenforceable for illegality. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s skeletal submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 63.

Ting Siew May concerned the back-dating of an option to purchase property in
Singapore. The back-dating was for the purpose of obtaining loans on better
terms as a result of certain changes implemented by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. The illegality in Ting Siew May pertained to the contract sought to
be enforced (the back-dated option), and also concerned acts done in Singapore
as opposed to illegality in respect of the law of another country. In the
present case, it is clear that the place of performance of the First Surewin
Facility and the Indemnity Agreement was Singapore. Whilst the STAAP and
SFIP-1 Pledges were found to contravene Taiwan law on insurance companies, I
emphasise that (i) the present action is not concerned with enforcement of
these two Pledges; (ii) the express choice of law clauses in the Pledges point
to Singapore as the governing law; (iii) there is no suggestion that the
Pledges were illegal under Singapore law. Ting Siew May was therefore of
limited assistance.

The nature of the Indemnity Agreement: indemnity or guarantee?

82 I was prepared to grant the plaintiff summary judgment based on my findings
at [50]–[81] above that the Indemnity Agreement was not void or unenforceable
for foreign illegality. However, I set out my brief views with respect to the
plaintiff’s alternative submission: ie, that even if the First Surewin
Facility was void/unenforceable for illegality, there would still be no
defence to the claim because the invalidity of the First Surewin Facility
would not affect the validity of the Indemnity Agreement.

83 The plaintiff has highlighted the distinction between an indemnity and a
guarantee. Liability under a guarantee is “collateral to and dependent upon
the liability of a third person” whereas “an indemnitor’s liability is
original and independent” (PT Jaya at [50], citing Low Kee Yang, The Law of
Guarantees in Singapore and Malaysia (LexisNexis Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 2003)
at pp 52–53). Since an indemnity is in the nature of a primary obligation, a
creditor may still recover the relevant losses even if the primary transaction
is defective (S Y Technology at [22]). 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 28.

84 The plaintiff argues that the label or title used in a document is not
decisive and the essential nature of the agreement must always be considered
(citing China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Teoh Cheng Leong [2012]
2 SLR 1 at [16] to [21]). 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 29.

Thus, even though the word “Guarantee” appears in the title of the Indemnity
Agreement, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 26.

the plaintiff maintains that there are several factors which support the
conclusion that the Indemnity Agreement was a true indemnity:

(a) There are several clauses in the Indemnity Agreement which expressly use
the expression “indemnify”;

(b) Clauses 9(g), (h) and (i) expressly preserved the liability of the
defendant even if the Facilities were deemed void or unenforceable;

(c) Clause 20 makes provision for the claim being recoverable as though the
defendant were the sole and principal debtor; and

(d) Clause 25(a) provides that “as a separate and independent stipulation [the
defendant] agree[s] that all sums of money which may not be recoverable from
me/us on the footing of a guarantee … shall nevertheless be recoverable from
me on demand as though I/we were the sole and principal debtor.” 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

2nd Affidavit of Tan Kay Siong, 23 September 2016, p 32.

85 While the defendant does refer to the Indemnity Agreement as a “Guarantee
Agreement”, the question as to whether the agreement embodied a true indemnity
was not dealt with in his written submissions

86 Looking at its terms and provisions, I was satisfied that the Indemnity
Agreement was in the nature of a true indemnity. In my view, the strongest
factors weighing in favour of the plaintiff’s construction of the Indemnity
Agreement as a true indemnity were cll 9 and 25(a). In particular, I note that
cl 25(a) was almost identical to the wording of a clause considered in
Habibullah Mohamed Yousuff v Indian Bank [1999] 2 SLR(R) 880 at [45], which
the court in PT Jaya described as appearing on its face “to be a true
indemnity” (PT Jaya at [56]).

87 The question, however, was whether the Indemnity Agreement would remain
enforceable even if the First Surewin Facility was found to be void or
unenforceable for illegality. The plaintiff relied on cl 9(h) of the Indemnity
Agreement, which stated “the guarantee shall not be prejudiced… by … any
irregularity, unenforceability or invalidity of any obligation of the Borrower
or any other persons under any security or document …” The plaintiff further
submitted that a similar clause had been found to be valid in Gulf Bank KSC v
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd (No 2) [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 145 (“Gulf Bank
KSC”).

88 In oral submissions, the defendant questioned whether it is settled law
that an indemnity can never be affected by the illegality of the underlying
transaction. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 7 (line 30) to p 8 (lines 1–3).

However, no authorities were raised to counter the plaintiff’s position.

89 Apart from Gulf Bank KSC, which weighs in favour of upholding cl 9(h) of
the Indemnity Agreement, the position that the Indemnity Agreement would
remain enforceable even if the underlying transaction (ie the First Surewin
Facility) was void or unenforceable for illegality also appears to be
consistent with authorities such as PT Jaya (at [50]) and S Y Technology (at
[22]), which have emphasised the original and independent nature of the
indemnitor’s liability. However, it is not necessary for this court to decide
this point since I have found above that the First Surewin Facility is not
rendered void or unenforceable by reason of illegality. The Indemnity
Agreement would remain valid and enforceable whether or not the illegality of
an underlying transaction would also render an indemnity in respect of that
transaction void or unenforceable. I, therefore, say no more on this.

Has the defendant succeeded in raising any triable issues?

90 I note that the defendant had in his affidavit submitted that there were
numerous triable issues, including the following: 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Affidavit of Teng Wen-Chung, 7 November 2016, paras 38–96.

(a) The scope of the plaintiff and EFG Bank’s involvement in the scheme to
cause Singfor to pledge its assets as collateral for Surewin’s loans;

(b) Whether the defendant had the authority to act on behalf of Singfor and/or
sign documents on behalf of Singfor before 13 September 2007;

(c) Whether the defendant did in fact sign the documents that Singfor had
issued and which bore his signature;

(d) Whether Surewin and High Grounds were affiliates of Singfor and whether
the defendant and/or Singfor were aware of their existence;

(e) Whether Singfor and the defendant were aware of the STAAP Pledges and the
SFIP-1 Pledge; and

(f) Whether Huang and the defendant had given the instructions that the
plaintiff, EFG Bank and Jolene Wu asserted that they had.

91 For convenience, these can be arranged into two broad categories: (i)
illegality and its effect on the claim under the Indemnity Agreement; and (ii)
the claim that the defendant had been misled or tricked by the plaintiff, EFG
Bank and their officers. I have dealt with the arguments concerning illegality
at [50]–[81] above. I turn now to deal briefly with the issues surrounding the
claim that the defendant had been misled or tricked by the plaintiff, EFG Bank
and their officers and the related defence of non est factum. While the
defendant asserts that he is a victim of fraud or misrepresentation, an
assertion of fraud is not necessarily sufficient to avoid summary judgment if
the court believes that there is no prospect of success at trial.

92 The issues surrounding this claim flowed essentially from the general
assertion that the defendant and Huang were the victims of misrepresentation
or fraud on the part of the plaintiff’s officers. Put at its worst, the
allegation was that the plaintiff and its officers hatched a plan to deceive
the defendant over the nature and scope of the various transactions (the
Pledges, the Loan Facilities and the Indemnity Agreement) so as to cause
Singfor to provide its assets as collateral for the loans to Surewin. The
transactions were allegedly structured in a way such that Singfor (and the
defendant) did not know its assets were being used as collateral for Surewin’s
liabilities.

93 In seeking to establish this narrative, the defendant has relied heavily on
the findings of the Taiwanese Court, as well as the testimony of various
witnesses who gave evidence in the proceedings before that court. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Affidavit of Teng Wen-Chung, 7 November 2016, para 25; Defendant’s skeletal
submissions for Summons No 4652/2016, para 11.

The plaintiff for its part argued that the Singapore courts are not bound by
the findings of the Taiwanese Court, and that any evidence adduced in the
proceedings before that court are inadmissible as hearsay. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Plaintiff’s skeletal submissions, para 25.

94 The parties did not make full arguments on the admissibility of the
findings of the Taiwanese Court or the evidence that was considered by that
court in making its decision. However, even if I disregarded the specific
findings of the Taiwanese Court and the evidence adduced in the proceedings
before it, the following was clear and beyond dispute: It was the defendant
himself (as well as Huang) who was charged with, and convicted of, breach of
trust in the Taiwanese Court. The plaintiff and its officers were not charged
with any offence before the Taiwanese Court. In this regard, it was ironic
that counsel for the defendant sought, on one hand, to rely on the findings of
the Taiwanese Court, and on the other, to argue that the defendant was
appealing his conviction and “[his] client’s involvement in the scheme [had]
not been tested”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Certified Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 7 (line 4).

On the contrary, of all the parties said to be involved in the alleged scheme
to defraud the defendant and Singfor, the defendant was the only person whose
involvement in the scheme had been tested in a court. Seen in that light, the
defendant’s position that he had unwittingly been tricked into pledging
Singfor’s assets to secure loans to an unrelated third party was without
basis.

95 I also note that the defendant is by all accounts a very experienced
businessman who was in 2007 taking on a very senior position in Singfor. He
was appointed Vice Chairman of Singfor on 13 February 2007, which appointment
was approved by the FSC on 13 September 2007. Sometime at the start of 2008,
the defendant was appointed as Chairman of Singfor. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Affidavit of Teng Wen-Chung, 7 November 2016, para 14.

It bears repeating that the undisputed sequence of events establishes that
shortly after the defendant was appointed Vice Chairman in 2007, the four
accounts of Surewin, High Grounds, the STAAP Fund, and the SFIP-1 Unit Trust
were opened with the plaintiff, and the accompanying Four Pledges (including
the Pledges alleged to be illegal) were created. Some four years later on 19
January 2012, the defendant entered the Indemnity Agreement. On 31 January
2012, the First Surewin Facility (as referred to above) was granted. On 6
November 2012, the Second Surewin Facility was granted. This was followed by
the defendant’s assignment of the Life Insurance Policies in late December
2012. Singfor was placed under receivership in Taiwan on 12 August 2014. I
find it is inconceivable that the defendant would have signed so many
documents including the Indemnity Agreement without ensuring that he
understood the nature of the documents and transactions.

96 In any case, while the defendant has made a general assertion that his
English is poor, the defence of non est factum is only pleaded in respect of
the Second Surewin Facility. The plaintiff took the position that the sums due
under the Second Surewin Facility have been satisfied already by the measures
taken to enforce the collateral (see [33] above). As I have mentioned, the
plaintiff’s claim is now limited to the First Surewin Facility. In my view, it
was clear that there was no triable issue in respect of the First Surewin
Facility and the Indemnity Agreement.

Conclusion

97 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed the defendant’s appeal in RA 59
and affirmed the decision of the Registrar.

98 For completeness, I also dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal in RA 63 (on
amendment). There was no appeal against my decision in RA 63.

99 Costs were awarded to the plaintiff fixed at $5,000 plus disbursements.

100 The court records its gratitude to counsel for their arguments and
submissions.

George Wei  
Judge

Andre Francis Maniam SC, Lionel Leo Zhen Wei and Russell Pereira Si-Hao
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff/respondent;  
Kenetth Jerald Pereira and Lai Yan Ting (Aldgate Chambers LLC) for the
defendant/appellant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

