Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 313

Suit No 67 of 2017  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 230 of 2017)

Between

Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Yak Thye Peng  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Evidence] — [Admissibility of evidence] — [“Without prejudice”
communications]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Yak Thye Peng

[2017] SGHC 313

High Court — Suit No 67 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 230 of 2017)  
Hoo Sheau Peng J  
14, 22 September 2017

8 December 2017

Hoo Sheau Peng J:

Introduction

1 The defendant filed an application to strike out or expunge references to
two documents in the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim and in an affidavit filed
on the plaintiff’s behalf (which exhibited copies of those documents) on the
ground that the documents were protected by “without prejudice” privilege. The
Assistant Registrar (“AR”) held that the documents were not privileged and
therefore dismissed the defendant’s application. I allowed the defendant’s
appeal against the AR’s decision. The plaintiff has appealed against my
decision.

Background

The Statement of Claim

2 The plaintiff, Swee Wan Enterprises Pte Ltd, commenced the present action
against the defendant, Mr Yak Thye Peng, its shareholder and former director,
to recover $1,805,156.62. It pleaded in its Statement of Claim that, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (PBCP, Tab 1) at paras 4-–9.

between 2006 and 2009, while a director of the plaintiff, the defendant caused
the plaintiff to issue five cheques to himself amounting to $1,825,156.62, a
sum which he then withdrew without authority from the plaintiff’s bank account
for his personal use. On or around May 2014, Ms Yak Chau Wei (“Ms Yak”), one
of the plaintiff’s present directors, discovered the issuance of the cheques.
As the defendant had issued the plaintiff a cheque for $20,000 on 6 February
2007, the plaintiff claimed, as against the defendant, the repayment of a debt
of $1,805,156.62, being $20,000 less than the total sum in the five cheques.

3 In paragraph 12 of the Statement of Claim, reference was made to a letter
from Providence Law Asia LLC dated 27 February 2015 (“the Letter”).
Immediately below, paragraph 13 referred to an undated note of acknowledgment
signed by the defendant (“the Note”). These were the two documents which the
defendant claimed were subject to “without prejudice” privilege. The two
paragraphs read as follows:

12\. On or around 27 February 2015, [the plaintiff’s] previous solicitors,
Providence Law Asia LLC, issued a letter of demand to [the defendant] (the “27
February 2015 Letter”). In the 27 February 2015 Letter, it was stated, among
other things, that:

(a) Based on investigations carried out by [the plaintiff], [the plaintiff]
had discovered that [the defendant] caused [the plaintiff] to issue the
cheques stated at paragraph 4 above to himself;

(b) [The defendant] had acknowledged and/or agreed that he had caused [the
plaintiff] to issue the cheques stated at paragraph 4 above to himself; and

(c) [The defendant] had acknowledged and/or agreed that he owes [the
plaintiff] the sum of S$1,805,156.62.

13\. On or around 2 March 2015, [the defendant] signed a document
acknowledging and/or agreeing to the matters stated in the 27 February 2015
Letter. Accordingly, [the defendant] has also acknowledged and/or agreed in
writing that he owes [the plaintiff] the sum of S$1,805,156.62.

The Defence

4 The Defence filed by the defendant contained a number of additional facts
that were relevant for present purposes:

(a) The plaintiff and another company, Swee Wan Trading Pte Ltd (“SWT”), are
run as a family business. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defence and Counterclaim (“Defence”) (PBCP, Tab 2) at para 13.

The defendant and his brother, Mr Yak Tiong Liew, are both shareholders in the
plaintiff and in SWT. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Defence at paras 4, 6.

Ms Yak is Mr Yak Tiong Liew’s daughter. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Defence at para 6.

(b) In or around 2012, it was discovered that money had been misappropriated
from the plaintiff and SWT. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Defence at para 20.

The plaintiff and SWT commenced legal proceedings against the relevant parties
to recover the money. These legal proceedings were Suit Nos 235 and 236 of
2014 (which, since they were consolidated, I will refer to as “the Suit”). One
of the defendants in the Suit filed a counterclaim alleging that the defendant
in the present case and Mr Yak Tiong Liew had both “taken out” money from both
the plaintiff and SWT. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Defence at para 22.

(c) The Suit was later resolved pursuant to a settlement agreement dated 10
April 2015, to which Mr Yak Tiong Liew and the defendant were parties. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Defence at para 21.

5 As regards the plaintiff’s claim for the return of $1,805,156.62, the
defendant admitted to having received sums of money. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Defence at para 41.

However, he denied any liability to repay the sum claimed. He stated that he
was entitled to the money as a shareholder of the plaintiff and/or SWT, or
alternatively because the money was advanced on a mutual understanding between
Mr Yak Tiong Liew and him that it would not have to be repaid. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Defence at para 42.

The application

6 As summarised at [1], the plaintiff applied to strike out or expunge (a)
paragraphs 12 to 13 of the Statement of Claim; and (b) paragraphs 10(d) and
(e) of an affidavit filed by Ms Yak in response to the defendant’s application
for discovery of documents, in which she referred to the Letter and the Note,
and exhibited copies of them. The crux of the application was whether the two
documents were protected by “without prejudice” privilege. The AR found that
they were not, and thus dismissed the application.

The appeal

The law

7 The applicable legal principles are well-settled. At common law, “without
prejudice” privilege attaches to communications that are made for the purpose
of settling a dispute. Being privileged, such communications are inadmissible
in evidence. The rationale is to encourage parties to speak frankly, without
the fear that anything said in the course of negotiations might be used
against them should the dispute be litigated. This furthers the law’s policy
of encouraging parties to settle their disputes rather than litigate them
(Greenline-Onyx Envirotech Phils, Inc v Otto Systems Singapore Pte Ltd [2007]
3 SLR(R) 40 at [14]).

8 Section 23 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) is, as the Court of
Appeal held in Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and
another [2006] 4 SLR(R) 807 (“Mariwu”) at [24], a statutory expression of this
common law principle. Before turning to s 23, I find it apposite first to
refer to s 17 of the Evidence Act, which defines an “admission” as:

… a statement, oral or documentary, which suggests any inference as to any
fact in issue or relevant fact, and which is made by any of the persons and
under the circumstances hereinafter mentioned.

9 In general, admissions are relevant and may be proved as against the person
who makes them: see s 21 of the Evidence Act. Section 23(1) is an exception to
this, and provides as follows:

Admissions in civil cases when relevant

23.—(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made —

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

The effect of s 23(1), which declares admissions made in either of the two
situations listed therein to be not relevant, is that evidence cannot be given
of such admissions.

10 Section 23(1)(a) applies to all communications expressly made on a “without
prejudice” basis (Mariwu at [24]). It should be noted that attaching a
“without prejudice” label to a communication does not conclusively or
automatically render it privileged (Cytec Industries Pte Ltd v APP Chemicals
International (Mau) Ltd [2009] 4 SLR(R) 769 (“Cytec”) at [16]). The presence
of such words would, however, place the burden of persuasion on the party who
contends that they should be ignored (Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and another v Teo
Beng Ngoh and others and another appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 181 at [22], citing
Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd v Singapore Telecommunications Ltd [2007] 2
SLR(R) 433 (“Sin Lian Heng”) at [60]).

11 Section 23(1)(b) is the provision applicable to communications which,
though not expressly made on a “without prejudice” basis, were made in the
course of negotiations to settle a dispute (Mariwu at [24]). Whether or not
the “without prejudice” privilege attaches must be determined by objectively
construing the document as a whole in the context of the factual circumstances
(Cytec at [16]). The court will seek to determine, on a reasonable basis, the
intention of the author and how it would have been understood by a reasonable
recipient (The Enterprise Fund II Ltd v Jong Hee Sen [2017] 3 SLR 487 at
[17]).

12 The existence of a dispute and the attempt to compromise it are at the
heart of the “without prejudice” privilege (Cytec at [17]). Since only a
document made in the course of negotiations to settle a dispute is privileged,
privilege cannot be invoked where no dispute exists (Mariwu at [30]). For
example, if, in a letter, a debtor admits liability to pay a debt, and merely
asks for more time to pay, that letter is not privileged because the debtor
has already admitted liability for the debt and there is no question of a
settlement or compromise of that debt (see Sin Lian Heng at [44]–[45]).

13 Further, where the issue is whether or not there was a settlement agreement
concluded as a result of negotiations, “without prejudice” communications are
admissible to prove the existence or the terms of the settlement agreement.
However, if the court finds that no settlement agreement was concluded, those
communications will continue to be privileged (Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming
Bryan and another [2012] 1 SLR 457 (“Ng Chee Weng”) at [94]–[95]).

14 It is well established that the privilege can be waived. Waiver requires
the consent of both parties (Krishna Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan v Kuppusamy
s/o Ramakrishnan [2014] 4 SLR 232 at [22]). The court will normally accept
that the privilege has been waived where both parties agree expressly
(especially in writing) that the communications may be used in judicial
proceedings. More often than not there is no express agreement, but it is open
to the court to determine that parties have impliedly consented to waiving the
privilege (Jeffrey Pinsler, SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) at para 15.024).

Parties’ positions

15 In his submissions on appeal, the defendant argued that in the Letter, the
plaintiff was proposing to compromise its claim to the sum of $1,805,156.62 by
offering to accept a lesser sum from the defendant which I shall call the
Outstanding Sum. The plaintiff was willing to offset the excess amount the
defendant had paid to SWT – an entirely separate corporate entity – against
the amount the defendant owed to plaintiff. The result would be that the
plaintiff would not be able to claim the full $1,805,156.62, but only the
Outstanding Sum. This would be a compromise as to the quantum of the disputed
amount. The Note was in response to the Letter. Therefore, the Letter and the
Note should be considered as communications made during a course of settlement
negotiations, and protected by “without prejudice” privilege. In this
connection, the defendant disagreed with the AR, whose view had been that the
Letter was only a clarification of the sums owed and that there was therefore
no longer a dispute between the parties.

16 Echoing the AR’s view, the plaintiff argued that there was no dispute
between the parties. The plaintiff characterised the Letter as merely a
request for confirmation that the Outstanding Sum was “indeed due and owing to
[the plaintiff]”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 16.

It pointed out that there was no mention in the Letter of any intent on its
part to enter into negotiations for settlement with the defendant. As regards
the Note, the plaintiff submitted that there was a clear admission by the
defendant that “he owe[d] [the Outstanding Sum] to [the plaintiff] and SWT”.
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 23.

Again, this meant that there was no longer any “dispute” between the parties.

17 The plaintiff went further to suggest that, even if the Letter were
protected by “without prejudice” privilege, the Note would be the settlement
agreement arising from the settlement negotiations and would therefore, as
held in Ng Chee Weng (see [1213] above), be admissible in evidence. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 24–27.

The Letter, being evidence of the settlement agreement, would similarly be
admissible.

18 The plaintiff also submitted that, in any event, it was entitled to waive
the privilege attached to the Letter. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 29.

It did not, however, claim to be entitled to waive the privilege attached to
the Note, assuming it was privileged.

The Letter and the Note

19 At this juncture, I turn to the Letter. I note that it was marked “without
prejudice” and that there were two lines to its title. The first line referred
to the Suit by stating “Consolidated Suit No. 235 and 236 of 2014” and the
second line stated “Acknowledgment of sums due and owing to [the plaintiff]
and [SWT]”. As for the contents of the Letter, it suffices for me to note that
it mentions the following:

(a) The plaintiff and SWT “looked into” allegations that the defendant had
incurred non-business related expenses charged to SWT, and had withdrawn
cheques from SWT’s accounts for his personal expenses. Having “conducted an
investigation” into the matter, they found that the defendant owed a certain
sum to the plaintiff and SWT. The defendant accepted that part of that sum had
been withdrawn by him for personal use.

(b) Ms Yak thus met with the defendant to confirm the amounts withdrawn and
the amount which remained due and outstanding from him, and to “obtain his
agreement” to return the same to the plaintiff and SWT. The defendant informed
Ms Yak that he had already returned a certain sum to the companies. In the
circumstances, “it was agreed” that only an outstanding sum (ie, the
Outstanding Sum) was “due and owing to the Companies collectively”.

(c) Two tables were set out, each itemising the defendant’s withdrawals from
and returns to the plaintiff and SWT respectively. The first table showed that
the net amount withdrawn by the defendant from the plaintiff was
$1,805,156.62. The second table showed that the defendant had returned to SWT
a greater amount than what he had withdrawn from it. I refer to the greater
amount as the “excess amount”. The Outstanding Sum was the difference between
$1,805,156.62 and the excess amount.

(d) Therefore, Providence Law Asia LLC sought the defendant’s confirmation and
acknowledgment that the “aggregate sum” (ie, the Outstanding Sum) was “due and
owing to the Companies”.

20 As for the Note, it contained a brief paragraph written in a mix of English
and Chinese. No translated version of the document was furnished to the court.
Before me, the parties were content to proceed on the basis that, on its face,
the defendant was saying that he owed the plaintiff and SWT the Outstanding
Sum.

My decision

21 Based on the contentions between the parties, the main issues to be
examined were (a) whether the Letter and the Note were part of negotiations to
compromise a dispute between the parties and were thus protected by “without
prejudice” privilege (“the first issue”); and (b) if privilege attached to the
documents, whether the privilege had been waived (“the second issue”).

22 Within the first issue, there were two sub-issues pertaining to the proper
characterisation of the Letter and the Note. These were: (a) whether the
Letter contained a compromise or merely sought a confirmation of amounts
owing, and (b) whether the effect of the defendant’s acknowledgment in the
Note meant that (i) no dispute remained between the parties and/or (ii) the
Note could be regarded as a settlement agreement. I will deal with them in
turn.

Whether the Letter and the Note formed part of negotiations to compromise the
dispute

23 In summary, I found that the Letter and the Note were communications that
were part of negotiations aimed at settling a dispute between the parties. The
dispute here was over the defendant’s withdrawals of sums of money from the
two companies for his personal use. The plaintiff and SWT regarded these sums
of money as having to be returned to the companies. That was why the Letter
recorded that Ms Yak met the defendant to obtain his agreement to “return”
these amounts to the companies. The Letter recorded that Ms Yak and the
defendant had agreed that the defendant would accept that it owed the
Outstanding Sum to both companies. The effect of this would be that the
plaintiff’s claim to the full sum of $1,805,156.62 would be compromised. The
Note was the defendant’s acknowledgment of the Outstanding Sum owing to both
companies which would form the basis of the compromise. However, while the
compromise was clearly on the table, the details of its execution remained to
be worked out. One such detail which remained to be agreed upon was to whom
the Outstanding Sum should be paid. This was an important point, given that
each company was a separate legal entity and the defendant could not, as a
matter of law, owe a single sum of money to both companies. Thus, being part
of the negotiations, the Letter and the Note were protected by “without
prejudice” privilege. I will now analyse the Letter and the Note in greater
detail, starting with the Letter.

The Letter

24 The Letter was expressly marked “without prejudice”. Notwithstanding that
the Letter was expressly marked in this way, the parties appeared to proceed
on the basis that s 23(1)(b) of the Evidence Act was applicable. In my view,
the use of the “without prejudice” label meant that s 23(1)(a) of the Evidence
Act was applicable, thus placing the burden of persuasion on the plaintiff to
show why those words should be ignored. I was mindful that the use of such a
label would not be conclusive, and in any event the defendant did not say that
its use was conclusive. Yet I could not ignore the fact that the Letter was
drafted by lawyers who would not have affixed such a label to the letter
unthinkingly.

25 Turning to the context of the Letter, it was written to the defendant in
the midst of the Suit, which was pending at that time (it was only settled in
April 2015, as I noted at [4(c)] above). In fact, the title of the Letter
referred to the Suit, to which the plaintiff and SWT were parties, as was the
defendant. In the Suit, it was alleged that the defendant had made
unauthorised withdrawals from the plaintiff. The context already suggested
that the Letter related to discussions relating to the ongoing dispute, which
accorded with the use of the “without prejudice” label.

26 The contents of the Letter provided further support for this view. Although
the plaintiff and SWT were separate legal entities, the Letter did not
specifically seek confirmation of the amounts owed to the plaintiff and SWT
respectively, but only requested an acknowledgement that the “aggregate sum”
(being the Outstanding Sum) was “due and owing to the Companies collectively”
(see [19(b)] above). The Letter mentioned that this “aggregate sum” had been
agreed upon after negotiations between Ms Yak and the defendant though it did
not explicitly say that these were settlement negotiations. I agreed with the
defendant that read as a whole, the Letter suggested that these negotiations
or discussions between Ms Yak and the defendant were aimed at enabling the
plaintiff to accept that it was only owed this lower sum instead of the sum of
$1,805,156.62 so as to resolve the ongoing dispute. If the intention behind
the Letter were merely to obtain confirmation of the sums owing to the
plaintiff and SWT, the Letter could have specifically asked the defendant to
confirm the amounts he had withdrawn and returned to each individual company.
The reference to an “aggregate sum” suggested that what was being proposed was
an arrangement to deal with the claims of the two companies holistically. This
was a proposal of a compromise.

27 Ms Yak in fact admitted that the Letter was meant to propose a compromise.
She somewhat candidly disclosed the intention of the plaintiff and SWT at the
material time. Paragraphs 10(d) and (e) of her affidavit, which the defendant
sought to strike out, stated: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

PBCP, Tab 4.

10\. …

(d) The present suit brought by [the plaintiff] against [the defendant] is a
simple claim in debt. It was from [the plaintiff’s] investigations during the
course of proceedings in Suit 235 of 2014 that it was found out that
[$1,805,156.62] was owed by [the defendant] to [the plaintiff]. A copy of a
Letter of Demand sent from [the plaintiff’s] previous solicitors, Providence
Law Asia LLC, seeking acknowledgment from [the defendant] that the Claimed Sum
is due and owing from him to [the plaintiff] is exhibited … It will be noted
that Providence Law Asia LLC’s letter is a without prejudice letter and
permitted [the defendant] to pay a lesser amount … [ie, the Outstanding Sum]
to [the plaintiff], notwithstanding the fact that the amount due to [the
plaintiff] was [$1,805,156.62]. This was on the basis that an amount of money
advanced by [the defendant] to SWT could be offset from the amounts due to
[the plaintiff] as a compromise.

(e) A note signed by [the defendant] acknowledging that the [$1,805,156.62] is
due and owing from him to [the plaintiff] is exhibited … This sum has not been
paid by [the defendant]. Furthermore, despite being a director of SWT, [the
defendant] has still failed to properly close the accounts for SWT since 2010,
and my investigations suggest that significant amounts of money remain
unaccounted for in SWT. Moreover, from the last financial accounts for the
year ended [sic] 31 October 2009, SWT appears to have solvency issues. Since
then, [the defendant] has not been able to properly account for SWT’s expenses
and no financial statements have been filed since. Our continued
investigations reveal serious solvency issues in SWT and we no longer think it
makes commercial sense to permit [the defendant] to offset his liability to
[the plaintiff] on account of what he paid SWT. A copy of SWT’s financial
statements for the year ended 31 October 2009 is exhibited …

[emphasis added]

28 By her affidavit, Ms Yak confirmed that at the material time, the intention
of the plaintiff was to propose a compromise. This accorded with the position
of the defendant. In this regard, I noted that in the course of submissions,
the plaintiff’s counsel agreed that accepting the Outstanding Sum, being a
lesser sum, would involve the plaintiff being willing to set off the amount
that the defendant owed the plaintiff against the excess amount that he had
paid SWT. Nonetheless, plaintiff’s counsel maintained that this did not amount
to a compromise. I found this position to be untenable in the light of what I
had observed at [26] above.

29 At this juncture, I highlight the portion within para 10(e) of Ms Yak’s
affidavit (see [27]) where she stated that the Note acknowledged that the sum
of $1,805,156.62 was due and owing from the defendant to the plaintiff. I note
that paragraph 13 of the Statement of Claim (see [3] above) makes the same
assertion. Contrary to these assertions, it was not altogether clear to me
that in the Note, the defendant had acknowledged that he owed the plaintiff
the sum of $1,805,156.62. Instead, it seemed to me that the defendant merely
acknowledged the Outstanding Sum as owing to both companies. I shall return to
this issue below at [38].

30 I should also observe that Ms Yak’s (and the plaintiff’s) description of
the Letter as a letter of demand was difficult to accept. There was nothing in
the Letter which suggested that a “demand” was being made of the defendant to
repay any sum of money. There was certainly no deadline given for repayment
and no suggestion, in the usual manner, that if the defendant were to fail to
comply, the plaintiff and/or SWT would take further steps to recover the sum
of money including by commencing legal proceedings.

31 Given the context, the contents of the Letter, the intention of the
plaintiff and the defendant’s understanding at the material time, I was of the
view that the Letter was a record of discussions or negotiations on the
ongoing dispute. The negotiations involved the plaintiff’s not insisting on
recovery of the full $1,805,156.62 from the defendant even though, as it
claimed, the defendant had withdrawn that amount for his personal use. On the
flip side, whatever the reason for the defendant’s having returned the excess
amount to SWT, the negotiations involved making the defendant treat the excess
amount as part of the repayment of the amounts he had withdrawn from the
plaintiff. The net effect was that there would only be the Outstanding Sum
owing from the defendant to the two companies.

32 I turn to address one further point raised by the plaintiff. The plaintiff
seized on the fact that there was no mention, in the Letter, of any intent to
enter into negotiations for settlement, or to suggest a meeting for the matter
to be discussed further. However, the fact that there is no mention in a piece
of correspondence of an actual offer of settlement, or any reference to
settlement at all for that matter, does not mean no privilege can arise in
respect of that correspondence. Correspondence is clearly privileged if it
contains an actual offer of settlement, but the privilege is wide enough to
protect correspondence “that invites compromise, or outlines approaches that
might be taken to settlement, or refers in some indirect way to settlement”:
see the Canadian decision of Hansraj v Ao [2002] AJ No 594 (“Hansraj”) at
[20]. That decision was cited in Sin Lian Heng at [27] in support of the
proposition that the “without prejudice” privilege should also protect
correspondence that is issued as the “first shot” in a course of negotiations
that leads to settlement. This is a pragmatic recognition of the fact that
“[n]egotiations must begin somewhere” (Sin Lian Heng at [32]). At the
beginning, parties may tread carefully and not immediately invoke the concept
of “settlement”. The crucial inquiry, then, is whether the correspondence is
part of a larger series of correspondence which will reasonably lead to
settlement of the dispute (Hansraj at [20]).

33 In my view, the Letter was situated near the beginning of a course of
negotiations which aimed to reach a compromise on the dispute over the
defendant’s withdrawals of money from the plaintiff and SWT for his personal
use. As Ms Yak herself admitted, the possibility of compromise was being
explored at the time of the Letter. Therefore, the Letter was protected by
“without prejudice” privilege. The use of the “without prejudice” label was
entirely consistent with that fact. It followed that the plaintiff was unable
to discharge its burden of persuading the court that the “without prejudice”
label should be ignored. The Letter was inadmissible by virtue of s 23(1)(a)
of the Evidence Act. Based on my analysis as set out above, I would have found
that the Letter was, objectively construed, made in the course of negotiations
to settle a dispute. Thus, I would have found it to be privileged and thus
inadmissible in evidence even if, as the parties appeared to think, s 23(1)(b)
of the Evidence Act were the applicable provision.

The Note

34 The Note was not labelled “without prejudice”. It could be argued that the
Note would be cloaked with the label attached to the Letter since it was a
direct response to the Letter. This would again place the burden of persuasion
on the plaintiff to show why the label should be ignored. However, the parties
proceeded on the basis that s 23(1)(b) was applicable to the Note (and also to
the Letter, as highlighted earlier). Thus, I proceeded to determine whether,
objectively construed, the Note was part of a course of negotiations to settle
the dispute.

35 In my view, the defendant’s acknowledgment in the Note that he owed the
Outstanding Sum to the plaintiff and SWT collectively as loans could only be
read as an acknowledgment of an amount which he was willing to return to the
companies, and which would thus form the basis of the compromise that the
Letter had recorded. This meant that the Note was part of a course of
negotiations to settle the dispute over his withdrawals of money from the
plaintiff and SWT for his personal use.

36 This leads me to consider whether the defendant’s acknowledgment that he
owed the Outstanding Sum to the plaintiff and SWT meant that (a) there was no
longer any dispute between the parties; or (b) the Note formed a settlement
agreement.

37 The plaintiff argued that the acknowledgment in the Note meant that there
was “no dispute”, and that therefore the basis of the “without prejudice”
privilege no longer existed. Expanding on this, the plaintiff characterised
the Letter as merely a request for confirmation that the Outstanding Sum was
“indeed due and owing to [the plaintiff]”, and proceeded to argue that in the
Note, the clear admission by the defendant was that “he owe[d] [the
Outstanding Sum] to the plaintiff and SWT” (see [16] above). However, if this
was the admission relied on by the plaintiff, then evidently, the question as
to whether the full sum of $1,805,156.62 was owing to the plaintiff remained
very much in dispute.

38 At another level, the argument that no dispute remained between the
parties, read together with paragraphs 12 and 13 of the Statement of Claim,
suggested that the plaintiff sought to rely on the Note as an admission of
liability for the sum of $1,805,156.62. However, as discussed at [29] above, I
did not think that this was correct. It should be reiterated that the Letter
did not specifically ask for a confirmation of the amount owed to the
plaintiff, but only requested an acknowledgement that the Outstanding Sum was
owing to the two companies (see [26] above). In response, the defendant
acknowledged that he owed the Outstanding Sum to the two companies
collectively. He did not specifically admit to owing the plaintiff the sum of
$1,805,156.62, or say that he would pay the plaintiff the same. This was not a
situation where a creditor demands a sum from the debtor and the latter admits
to owing that sum, in which case there is no dispute to be compromised (see
[12] above). In my view, there was no clear admission of liability on the
defendant’s part to pay the sum of $1,805,156.62.

39 Furthermore, I did not think that the Note amounted to a settlement
agreement, contrary to what the plaintiff argued. From the contents of the two
documents, it seemed to me that the parties were still in the midst of the
negotiations and discussions on the arrangements, and that no firm agreement
had been reached. The Letter did not indicate which of the two family run
companies the Outstanding Sum should be paid to, and in the Note the defendant
did not suggest anything to this effect either. Nor was there any mention of
when payment would be made. Thus, it was not clear how the Note could, as the
plaintiff contended, have the legal effect of a settlement agreement.

40 This conclusion was fortified by the evidence of Ms Yak in paragraph 10(e)
of the affidavit (see [27] above). She stated there that given the situation
with SWT, the plaintiff no longer thought it made “commercial sense to permit
[the defendant] to offset his liability to [the plaintiff] on account of what
he paid SWT” [emphasis added]. That the plaintiff was at liberty to change its
mind about whether to permit the compromise indicated that no firm agreement
between the parties had been reached at the time of the Letter and the Note.

41 In any case, I did not see the relevance of the plaintiff’s argument that
the Note amounted to a settlement agreement. The plaintiff was trying to bring
itself within the exception, earlier mentioned at [13], that “without
prejudice” communications are admissible to prove the existence of a
settlement agreement. The exception only applies where the existence of such a
settlement agreement is in issue. Here, the plaintiff was not suing to recover
the Outstanding Sum, and any settlement agreement relating to the Outstanding
Sum was not in issue. Instead, as pleaded in paragraphs 12 and 13 of the
Statement of Claim, the plaintiff’s claim is for the sum of $1,805,156.62.
Hence, the plaintiff’s argument that the Note was a settlement agreement was
irrelevant.

42 For the reasons above, the Note, objectively construed, formed part of a
course of negotiations, and it should be protected by “without prejudice”
privilege.

Whether the privilege had been waived

43 Lastly, I did not think there was any basis for finding that the privilege
had been waived. There was no basis for finding that both parties had
consented, either expressly or impliedly, to waive the privilege. In its
pleadings and affidavits, the defendant consistently took the position that
the Letter and the Note were protected by “without prejudice” privilege.

44 Further, I did not agree with the plaintiff that it could unilaterally
waive “without prejudice” privilege. The plaintiff relied on a passage in
Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore Vol 10(2) (LexisNexis, 2016) at para 120.404:

… A party may seek to waive the privilege attached to his own communications
in those exceptional cases where the admissions they contain can be used in
his favour but where the disclosure of his own communications would entail the
disclosure, partial or in full, of the other party’s communications, his
waiver will be ineffective to the extent that it will adversely affect the
other party’s privilege.

I did not think this passage derogated from the well-established principle
that waiver requires the consent of both parties. This explains the
qualification in the latter half of the passage: a party cannot waive the
privilege attached to his own communication if it would entail disclosing the
other party’s privileged communication. In such cases, there must still be a
basis for thinking that the other party has consented, either expressly or
impliedly, before waiver will be found.

45 In any case, this passage could not assist the plaintiff. The plaintiff
could not waive the privilege to the Note since that was the defendant’s
communication. Even in respect of the Letter, waiving its own privilege would
entail disclosing the summary in the Letter of the discussions between Ms Yak
and the defendant. The plaintiff could not waive the privilege to its own
communication without disclosing the defendant’s communication. Thus, any
unilateral waiver that the plaintiff purported to make would be ineffective.

Conclusion

46 For these reasons, I allowed the defendant’s appeal. I ordered the
plaintiff to pay the defendant a sum of $4,000 (exclusive of disbursements)
representing the costs of the appeal, the hearing below, and for consequential
amendments needed to the defence and counterclaim.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judge

Vikram Nair and Lim Tiong Garn Jason (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Tan Sia Khoon Kelvin David (Vicki Heng Law Corporation) for the defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

