Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 154

Criminal Case No 58 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

BLV  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Sexual assault by penetration]  
[Criminal law] — [Offences] — [Outrage of modesty of person under 14]  
[Criminal law] — [Statutory offences] — [Children and Young Persons Act]  
[Criminal procedure and sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Sexual offences]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

BLV

[2017] SGHC 154

  
High Court — Criminal Case No 58 of 2016  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
15-18, 23 November 2016, 23 January 2017; 15 February, 20 March 2017

4 July 2017

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 The Prosecution brought ten charges against the accused (“the Accused”) for
a series of sexual offences committed against his biological daughter (“the
Victim”) between 2011 and 2014 at various locations in their family residence.
At the time of the offences, the Victim was between 11 and 13 years old. The
Prosecution relied heavily on the Victim’s testimony, which it argued was
consistent with the evidence of her mother (who is the ex-wife of the Accused,
hereinafter “the Mother”) and of the medical experts.

2 The Accused wholly denied the occurrence of these incidents. Counsel for the
Accused submitted that the Victim’s and the Mother’s testimonies were
inconsistent in several material aspects, and their purported evasiveness on
the stand suggested the possibility of fabrication. Further, at the material
time of the offences, the Accused suffered from a penile deformity as a result
of botched penile enlargement procedures, which made sexual intercourse
painful and difficult for him. The Prosecution’s case was thus said to be
inherently improbable.

3 Having considered the evidence, I found the Victim’s testimony to be
unusually convincing and largely unshaken in court. I also preferred the
evidence of the Victim and the Mother in relation to the appearance and
condition of the Accused’s sexual organ during the material period.
Accordingly, the Accused was convicted on all ten charges and sentenced to a
global term of 23 years and 6 months’ imprisonment, and 24 strokes of the
cane. The Accused has appealed.

Background

4 The Accused is a 43-year-old male who has been engaged in various odd jobs
since 2002. He married his ex-wife (ie, the Mother) in September 1999. At the
time of the offences, he was residing with the Mother, their three children,
and a domestic helper in a flat located at Choa Chu Kang. The Victim is their
eldest daughter, and is 16 years old as at the date of these grounds (date of
birth: 24 November 2000). She was between 11 and 13 years of age at the time
of the offences between the end of 2011 and April 2014.

5 The Accused claimed trial to all ten charges brought against him for a
series of alleged sexual offences committed against the Victim:

First Charge | … sometime at the end of 2011, at [address], did commit an indecent act with [the Victim], a child who was then about 11 years old, to wit, by taking her hand and swiping her hand across your penis, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 7(a) of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap. 38, 2001 Rev. Ed.).  
---|---  
Second Charge | … sometime between the end of 2011 and the end of 2012, at [address], did use criminal force on [the Victim], a person then under 14 years of age, intending to outrage her modesty, to wit, by rubbing your penis against her face, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).   
Third Charge| … sometime at the start of 2012, at [address], did sexually
penetrate your penis into the mouth of [the Victim], a person then under 14
years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 376(1)(a), punishable under section 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code
(Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Fourth Charge| … sometime at the end of 2012, at [address], did sexually
penetrate your penis into the mouth of [the Victim], a person then under 14
years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed au [sic]
offence under section 376(1)(a), punishable under section 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Fifth Charge| … sometime between 2012 and 14 April 2014, at [address], did
sexually penetrate your finger into the anus of [the Victim], a person then
under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 376(2)(a), punishable under section 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Sixth Charge| ... sometime between 2012 and 14 April 2014, at [address], did
sexually penetrate your penis into the anus of [the Victim], a person then
under 14 years of age, without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 376(1)(a), punishable under section 376(4)(b) of the
Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Seventh Charge| … sometime between 2012 and 14 April 2014, at [address], did
use criminal force on [the Victim], a person then under 14 years of age,
intending to outrage her modesty, to wit, by licking the vagina of the [said
Victim], and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section
354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Eighth Charge| … sometime between 2012 and 14 April 2014, at [address], did
use criminal force on [the Victim], a person then under 14 years of age,
intending to outrage her modesty, to wit, by squeezing and licking the breasts
of the [said Victim], and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under section 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Ninth Charge| … sometime between 2012 and 14 April 2014, at [address], did use
criminal force on [the Victim], a person then under 14 years of age, intending
to outrage her modesty, to wit, by touching and rubbing the outside of her
vagina with your finger, and attempting to penetrate your finger into the
vagina of the [said Victim], and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap. 224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
Tenth Charge| … on the 15th of April 2014, at [address], did use criminal
force on [the Victim], a person then under 14 years of age, intending to
outrage her modesty, to wit, by rubbing your penis against the vagina, and
thereafter against the anus of the [said Victim], and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 354(2) of the Penal Code (Cap.
224, 2008 Rev. Ed.).  
  
6 At the outset of the trial, the Prosecution applied under s 133 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) for the Accused to be
tried on all the charges together, on the basis that they were part of a
series of offences of similar character. The Prosecution also applied for a
gag order under s 8(3) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) in relation to the Victim’s identity, and for the Victim’s evidence to
be given in camera under ss 153(1) and/or (3) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed). The Defence did not object and, accordingly, I granted all three
applications. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 4-5.

The Prosecution’s case

7 The Prosecution’s case was that the sexual abuse of the Victim by the
Accused started at the end of 2011, when she was around 11 years old, and
lasted until 15 April 2014, one day before she decided to disclose the series
of abuse to her Mother.

The Victim’s account of events

8 The Victim’s account of events will be briefly stated here for context; a
more detailed account will be evaluated below (at [28] – [37]).

The first charge

9 The first incident occurred when the Victim was in late Primary 5 or the
start of Primary 6, during lunch time, in her younger brother’s room in the
family residence. While the Victim was massaging the Accused’s upper thigh
region on his request, he grabbed hold of her hand and swiped it across his
penis.

The second charge

10 The next incident occurred in the master bedroom. While the Victim was
seated on the floor in a “butterfly position” (ie, with the soles of her feet
facing each other and her knees bent), the Accused lifted his sarong and
pulled it over her head. The Victim was shrouded in darkness, and she
thereafter felt the Accused rubbing his penis against her forehead area. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

AB at p 18; NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 58.

The rubbing went on for about a few minutes. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 58.

The third and fourth charges

11 The third and fourth charges were framed around the Accused’s penetration
of the Victim’s mouth with his penis in 2012, when the Victim was in Primary
6. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AB at p 19.

According to the Victim, the Accused would beckon her over to the toilet of
the master bedroom, ask her to kneel, and then insert his penis into her
mouth. This occurred about ten times in that year, with the first incident
happening when she was in early Primary 6, and the last of them a year later
before she started Secondary school. For most of these incidents, the Accused
did not ejaculate into the Victim’s mouth. The Victim would, however, observe
a white colour liquid, which she believed was his sperm, coming out from his
penis after the oral penetration. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 61-62.

The fifth and sixth charges

12 Sometime between 2012 and April 2014, the Accused was said to have engaged
in digital-anal and penile-anal penetration with the Victim. The first
incident occurred while the Accused and the Victim were alone in the master
bedroom. The Victim also testified as to a second incident occurring in her
own bedroom at the family residence.

The seventh charge

13 The seventh charge was framed based on instances between 2012 and 14 April
2014 in which the Accused would pull down the Victim’s shirt or pants and lick
her body or vagina. These incidents occurred either in the Victim’s room or
the master bedroom.

The eighth charge

14 The events constituting the eighth charge occurred between 2012 and April
2014. The Accused would stand behind the Victim and hug her from behind, while
she used the computer in the master bedroom. He would then massage her
shoulders, and in that process slip his hands under her shirt and undergarment
to touch and squeeze her breast.

The ninth charge

15 Between 2012 and 14 April 2014, the Accused would ask the Victim to lie
down on the bed facing upwards and crossing her legs. Thereupon, he would push
the Victim’s crossed legs up towards her chest and use his finger to touch and
rub the area outside her vagina.

The tenth charge

16 On the night of 15 April 2014, while the Victim was using the computer in
the master bedroom, she refused the Accused’s request to lie on the bed. The
Accused responded by pulling her down to the bed, making her lie face up,
removing her pants and underwear, and rubbing his penis against her vagina
while positioned on top of her. Attempting to avoid the contact, the Victim
turned around on the bed, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 52-53.

but the Accused then rubbed his penis against her anus.

Disclosure of abuse

17 On 16 April 2014, a day after the incident constituting the tenth charge,
the Victim sent a long WhatsApp message to her Mother, disclosing the
Accused’s series of inappropriate behaviour towards her starting from the time
she was in Primary 5 or 6. The Mother asked the Victim not to make it obvious
that the Victim had told the Mother what the Accused had done. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

AB at p 16.

On the Mother’s instructions, the Victim moved to her aunt’s place on 17 or 18
April 2014. She returned the following Sunday, by which time the Accused had
moved out of the family residence. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

AB at pp 16-17.

On 6 May 2014, the Mother reported the Accused to the police.

The Defence’s case

18 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, the Defence made a submission of no
case to answer primarily on the basis that the Prosecution’s evidence vis-à-
vis the state of the Accused’s penis at the time of the offences was
inherently incredible. Based on the approach laid out in Haw Tua Tau and
others v PP [1981-1982] SLR(R) 133, I found that the Prosecution had
established a prima facie case and accordingly called on the Accused to enter
his defence.

19 The Defence’s primary case was that of a denial of any sexual assault
committed against the Victim. Instead, the Defence contended that the entire
series of abuse had been a fabrication by the Victim. To this end, it relied
on five purported inconsistencies in her evidence: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

See Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 10-19.

(a) despite having gone through such an extended period of trauma, the Victim
did not find it necessary to disclose her fear and anguish to the doctors that
she met with on referral by the police, Dr Parvathy Pathy (“Dr Pathy”) and Dr
Padma Krishnamoorthy (“Dr Krishnamoorthy”).

(b) the assessors’ notes and medical reports recorded the calm appearance of
the Victim, who did not cry or show any apparent signs of distress during the
assessments;

(c) the Victim claimed to have suffered suicidal thoughts as a result of the
Accused’s abuse, but the medical reports showed that she had harboured such
thoughts even before the instances of alleged abuse;

(d) Dr Krishnamoorthy’s report did not contain certain material particulars of
the Accused’s alleged conduct constituting the charges; and

(e) the Accused’s large penile girth made it highly improbable for non-
consensual penile intercourse to have occurred with the Victim as described.

20 Further, the Defence raised questions concerning (i) the plausibility of
the series of abuse occurring undetected in the family residence despite the
presence of other family members and the domestic helper, and (ii) the
Mother’s reaction to the Victim’s disclosure of the abuse, which was said to
have been suspiciously delayed and unconcerned. The Defence posited that the
entire account had been a fabrication by the Mother and the Victim, motivated
by the Mother’s desire to get a divorce from the Accused and/or because the
Accused had harshly scolded the Victim and the Mother prior to the disclosure.
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 70.

There were various other inconsistencies in the Victim’s testimony which
warranted the Court disbelieving her evidence.

The decision

21 Having scrutinised her evidence, I found the Victim’s evidence detailed,
coherent, and largely consistent both internally and externally. She was not
shaken on the stand and was able to give an account that was cogent in respect
of the main particulars of the charges. There may have been inconsistencies
between her testimony and the medical reports, but taken in context those were
not material and were explicable on grounds not related to her credibility.

22 In particular, I preferred the Victim’s evidence, as corroborated by the
Mother, as to the state of the Accused’s penis during the material period.
Sufficient opportunities existed for the offences to have been committed in
the family residence, and to have remained undetected, during the material
period. I was also not persuaded that the Mother and the Victim had been in
cahoots to frame the Accused because of their deteriorating marital
relationship or because he had scolded them harshly. The Mother’s reaction to
the Victim’s disclosure and her delay in reporting the abuse to the
authorities were explicable on grounds that did not detract from the Victim’s
credibility. Accordingly, I found the Victim’s evidence to be unusually
convincing, and the Accused was convicted on all ten charges at the conclusion
of the trial.

23 As for sentencing, the Accused was sentenced to a global term of 23 years
and 6 months’ imprisonment with 24 strokes of the cane. This consisted of
three sentences consecutively run: the fourth and sixth charges under s
376(4)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“PC”) (on sexual assault
by penetration of a minor under the age of 14) for 10 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes each (these would have been 15 years’ and 12 strokes but for the
totality principles), and the tenth charge under s 354(2) of the PC (on
outrage of modesty of a minor under the age of 14) for 3 years’ and 6 months’
imprisonment with 6 strokes. Caning was capped at the maximum of 24 strokes.

The commission of the offences

The legal standard

24 There was no objective evidence available in the present case; all turned
on the Victim’s testimony as against that of the Accused, taken in the context
of the surrounding circumstances, including what was disclosed by the Victim
to the Mother eventually, and the circumstances of the household. In these
circumstances, I should not convict unless I find on a close scrutiny that the
complainant’s evidence is unusually convincing (see AOF v PP [2012] 3 SLR 34
(“AOF”) at [111]). Relevant considerations include (i) the complainant’s
demeanour in court, (ii) the internal consistency of his or her evidence, and
(iii) its external consistency when assessed against extrinsic evidence such
as the evidence of other witnesses or documentary evidence or exhibits (see
AOF at [115]; Farida Begam d/o Mohd Arthan v PP [2001] 3 SLR(R) 592 at [9]),
although the modern judicial tendency appears to lean in favour of relying
more heavily on the last two inquiries.

25 If the complainant’s evidence is not unusually convincing, a conviction
would be unsafe unless there is adequate corroboration of the complainant’s
story (see AOF at [173]). Subsequent statements by the complainant herself
constitute corroboration so long as that statement implicating the accused was
made at the first reasonable opportunity after the commission of the offence
(see PP v Mardai [1950] MLJ 33 at 33; AOF at [173]).

Application to the facts

26 In the present case, the Victim was generally able to give details of the
various incidents, indicating what had allegedly been done by the Accused.
Although there was a lack of clear particulars about the date and time of the
incidents, this is commonplace where the alleged offences span a period of
time, which is, unfortunately, the norm in many instances where similar
allegations of sexual abuse are made in the familial context. Further, despite
her young age, the Victim could give age-inappropriate descriptions of an
entire range of sexual acts, and could further testify as to the Accused’s
habitual use of olive oil as a lubricant in his various sexual acts. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 37.

In addition, the Victim was also able to address various areas of concern
raised by the Accused’s counsel. These will be discussed in detail below. In
the circumstances, none of the inconsistencies and omissions raised detracted
from the evidence of the Victim establishing the commission of the various
offences.

27 Accordingly, in the analysis, the Victim’s account of the events will first
be set out before the following areas of concern are dealt with in sequence:
12

##### Foot Note 12

×

See Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 10-19.

(a) inconsistencies and omissions in the medical reports;

(b) the opportunity for undetected abuse in the family residence;

(c) the state of the Accused’s penis during the material period of the
offences;

(d) the Victim’s behaviour and emotional state after the abuse was disclosed;

(e) the Mother’s reaction after the abuse was disclosed; and

(f) the possibility of fabrication by the Victim and the Mother.

The Victim’s account

(1) The first charge

28 This incident occurred when the Victim was in late Primary 5 or the start
of Primary 6, during lunch time, in her younger brother’s room in the family
residence. Other persons may have been present in the flat. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

AB at p 17.

The Accused asked the Victim to massage his legs and the region of his calves
and thighs. When the Victim’s hand reached the Accused’s upper thigh region,
the Accused grabbed hold of her hand and swiped it across his penis. The
Victim was shocked, but did not tell anyone for fear of being scolded or
disbelieved. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 55.

She also thought that it could have been accidental. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 55.

(2) The second charge

29 The next incident occurred in the master bedroom between the end of 2011
and the end of 2012. The Accused asked the Victim to sit on the floor in a
“butterfly position” (ie, with her knees bent and the soles of her feet facing
each other). The Victim thought that the Accused was going to help her train
to become more flexible. Instead, the Accused, while facing the Victim, lifted
his sarong and pulled it over her head. The Victim was shrouded in darkness,
and she thereafter felt the Accused rubbing his penis against her forehead
area. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

AB at p 18; NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 58.

The rubbing went on for about a few minutes. The Victim did not say anything
because she was scared that she might get scolded. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 58.

(3) The third and fourth charges

30 This involved the Accused’s penile-oral penetration of the Victim in 2012,
when the Victim was in Primary 6. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

AB at p 19.

The Victim estimated that such penetration occurred about ten times that year,
with the first of the series starting when she was in early Primary 6, and the
last of them occurring about a year later before she started Secondary school.
Most of the incidents occurred in or near the toilet of the master bedroom, 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Exhibit P13.

while the Accused and Victim were alone in the family residence. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 59.

The Accused would initiate by beckoning the Victim to come to the toilet; if
the Victim ignored him, he would on occasion simply come over to pull her
towards the toilet. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

AB at p 19.

The penetrations lasted a few minutes each, during which the Accused would
move his penis in an in-and-out motion in the Victim’s mouth. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 61.

For most of these incidents, the Accused would not ejaculate into the Victim’s
mouth, even though the Victim would observe white colour liquid coming out
from the Accused’s penis upon his withdrawal, which she believed was his
sperm. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 61.

(4) The fifth and sixth charges

31 Sometime between 2012 and April 2014, two separate incidents occurred where
the Accused penetrated the Victim anally, each time first with his finger and
then with his penis with the aid of a lubricant. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 67-69.

32 The first incident occurred while the Accused and the Victim were alone in
the master bedroom. Once the Accused ensured that the room door was locked, he
asked the Victim to lie face down on the bed. The upper half of her body was
on the bed and her legs dangled off it. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AB at pp 19-20.

The Accused then removed all the Victim’s clothes and undergarments, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 65.

took a bottle of olive oil from a nearby shelf which was intended to be used
for massaging, and placed some olive oil on his finger and on the Victim’s
anus. The Victim then felt the Accused pushing his finger into her anus. Soon
thereafter, the Accused removed his finger and penetrated the Victim’s anus
with his penis. According to the Victim, “a little bit” of the Accused’s penis
entered her anus 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 66.

and she felt pain. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 66.

Such penetration lasted a few minutes, during which the Victim felt movement
of the penis inside her. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 66.

The Victim could not recall what had happened after the Accused withdrew his
penis. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 67.

33 The Victim also testified as to a second incident in her own bedroom, in
which the Accused similarly penetrated her anus first with his finger and then
with his penis, with each penetration aided by some hair gel as a lubricant.

(5) The seventh charge

34 The seventh charge related to instances between 2012 and 14 April 2014 in
which the Accused would pull down the Victim’s shirt or pants and lick her
body or vagina. These occurred either in the Victim’s room or the master
bedroom. Usually, the Accused would be behind the Victim and would pull her
backwards such that she ended up with her whole body on the bed. Thereafter,
the Accused would position himself on top of or beside the Victim. He would
then pull down her pants and underwear. Thereafter, the Accused would lick her
vagina. These incidents usually lasted a few minutes. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 71.

The Victim would sometimes try to close her legs to avoid the Accused’s
contact, but he would respond by pressing his hands against her thighs to keep
them open. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AB at pp 20-21.

(6) The eighth charge

35 The events constituting the eighth charge occurred between 2012 and April
2014. While massaging the Victim’s shoulders as she worked in the master
bedroom, the Accused slipped his hands under her undergarment and touched and
squeezed her breast. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

AB at p 19.

The Victim further testified that the Accused had licked her breasts, but she
could not remember precisely how he moved over to do so. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

AB at p 19.

The incident lasted a few minutes. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 64.

(7) The ninth charge

36 The Victim recounted that, on occasions between 2012 and 14 April 2014, the
Accused had asked to check on her vagina. He would ask her to lie on the bed
facing upwards and cross her legs. The Accused would then push the Victim’s
crossed legs up towards her chest 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 69.

and use his finger to touch and rub the area outside her vagina. The Victim
made hissing noises to indicate that she was in pain. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

AB at p 20; NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 69-70.

(8) The tenth charge

37 On the night of 15 April 2014, the Victim was in the master bedroom,
working on a computer. The Accused requested that she massage him. The Mother
left the master bedroom, leaving the Accused and the Victim alone in the
master bedroom. The bedroom door was then locked. The Victim refused when the
Accused asked her to lie down on the bed. The Accused responded by pulling her
down and making her lie on the bed facing up. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AB at p 21.

The Accused thereafter pulled down her pants and underwear, positioned himself
on top of her, and rubbed his penis against her vagina. Attempting to avoid
contact, she turned around on the bed. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 52-53.

The Accused then rubbed his penis against her anus. The Victim, feeling very
uneasy, turned around again and managed to eventually get out of the room. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 53; AB at p 21.

Inconsistencies and omissions in the medical reports

38 After the police report was lodged, the police referred the Victim to two
medical practitioners and obtained reports on her physical and psychological
state. The Defence took issue with several aspects of these reports. Having
considered them, I found that the omissions and discrepancies in the reports
were not so material or inexplicable as to detract from the Victim’s
credibility.

39 The first report, dated 24 June 2014, was prepared by Dr Krishnamoorthy of
KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
By the time of the trial, Dr Krishnamoorthy was no longer with the hospital
and her report was thus admitted through Dr Kazila Bhutia (“Dr Bhutia”), who
was a registrar with the same hospital. The Defence pointed out that this
report:

(a) did not contain critical information about the Accused licking or touching
the Victim’s vagina, touching her anus, or licking and squeezing her breasts;
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 126-127.

(b) mentioned sexual assault occurring only three times between 2012 and 2014;

(c) mentioned that the Victim had “denied any finger penetration or other
forms of sex”; and

(d) included the allegation that the Accused had penetrated her anus with his
penis on 15 April 2014 when that had not been included in the Victim’s
WhatsApp messages to her Mother on 16 April 2014. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 132-134.

40 The second report, dated 21 July 2014, was prepared by Dr Pathy, a senior
consultant with the Child Guidance Clinic. She was requested by the police to
provide a psychiatric and psychological assessment of the Victim. The report
stated, inter alia, that the Victim had reported that the Accused began to
abuse her when she was in Primary 5 or 6 with the last episode being in April
2014. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AB at pp 33–36.

The Defence questioned Dr Pathy’s report on the ground that it referenced only
the Victim’s nightmares of the Accused asking her to perform fellatio on him,
and not any nightmare of her physically fighting back against the Accused, to
which the Victim had testified in court. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 113.

41 I accepted that there were some inconsistencies between the Victim’s
evidence and the contents of the two reports. In particular, unlike the
discrepancy highlighted vis-à-vis Dr Pathy’s report, the omissions and
inaccuracies in Dr Krishnamoorthy’s report could not be said to be immaterial
as they related to the constituting facts of several charges. For ease of
reference, Dr Pathy and Dr Krishnamoorthy are hereinafter referred to as “the
assessors”.

42 However, these reports must be taken in their proper context. First, the
primary purposes of the reports had been to determine the Victim’s physical
and mental states and her fitness to give testimony, rather than to obtain a
full and complete set of facts surrounding each of the offences. This would
naturally render the focus and content of their reports different from that of
the Victim’s statements and testimony. Secondly, I accepted the Victim’s
explanation that she had predominantly been responding to the assessors’
questions and prompts. Some discrepancies between the reports must thus be
anticipated given that different assessors may ask questions of different
issues and with different nuances; they may also choose to reflect in their
reports different aspects of the information obtained and focus on different
facts. Thirdly, I found persuasive the Victim’s explanation that she had not
considered it necessary to recount the factual particulars of the abuse in
exacting detail to the assessors, given that she had already given several
statements about the same to the police. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 93, 136.

43 Further, the Victim was able to provide specific explanations addressing
some of the discrepancies in Dr Krishnamoorthy’s fairly concise report. For
instance, in relation to the reference to penile-anal penetration on 15 April
2015 in Dr Krishnamoorthy’s report which was not captured elsewhere, the
Victim responded that this was likely a miscommunication. She had intended to
convey that the Accused had attempted penile-anal penetration on that
particular day; any impression that the Accused had in fact effected such
penetration was inadvertent. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 133-134.

As for Dr Krishnamoorthy’s statement in the report that the Victim “denied any
finger penetration or other forms of sex”, the Victim explained that this was
likely to have been based on her response to Dr Krishnamoorthy’s question
which was not generally framed, but rather, focussed specifically on the
events that occurred on 15 April 2014. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 138.

44 It was unfortunate that Dr Krishnamoorthy was not present to explain the
circumstances surrounding her interview and report. Nevertheless, based on the
evidence that was before me, I did not consider that the discrepancies and
omissions in either medical report were so inexplicable or significant as to
detract from the Victim’s credibility. Indeed, the context in which these
discrepancies and omissions arose must be considered: these were reports
prepared based on responses given by a 13-year-old to questions concerning a
protracted series of abusive conduct that were put to her by stranger-
assessors approaching the matter with different perspectives. When viewed
against this backdrop, it was clear that the discrepancies between the reports
and the Victim’s own evidence were better explicated on grounds other than the
Victim’s deliberate fabrication or lack of credibility.

Opportunity for undetected abuse

45 The Victim gave evidence that there was opportunity for the offences to
have been committed in the family residence undetected over the material
period. In this, she was largely supported and corroborated by the Mother. The
Defence submitted that certain areas of suspicion rendered it highly unlikely
that the incidents could have occurred as described:

(a) the presence of the family members and the domestic helper in the family
residence rendered it implausible that the offences could have occurred
undetected over an extended period; and

(b) the Accused’s presence in the master bedroom alone with the Victim behind
locked doors would have been suspicious.

46 On the evidence, I found that sufficient opportunities existed for the
offences to have been committed in the family residence and to have remained
undetected during the material period.

(1) Non-detection despite presence of persons

47 A significant question was how the offences could have been committed given
the size of the flat and the number of persons that would have been expected
to be around.

48 I did not find any concern in this regard. I accepted the Mother’s and the
Victim’s testimony that there would have been occasions in which the Accused
was alone with the Victim in the residence. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

See Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 102.

As the Victim and the Mother testified, the Mother would often not be around
at home. This was so even between October 2011 and March 2013 when the Mother
did not have full-time employment, as she was running an online business and
had to be out to make deliveries. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 28-29.

The Accused did not present a materially different account and no other family
member was called.

49 In any case, the Prosecution’s primary case was not that these acts of
abuse had been committed whilst the Accused was alone at home with the Victim,
but rather that most of these occurred even whilst the family members were
around. In this regard, the Victim and the Mother had given sufficient
evidence of the family’s habits and practices, and these were such that the
Victim and the Accused would ordinarily be left alone if they were in the
master bedroom or any other room of the residence and the door was closed. As
the Victim testified, although the Victim’s maternal grandparents would be
around on weekends, they were rarely around on weekdays 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 30-31.

and were respectful of the personal space of other members of the family. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 32.

The Victim’s siblings and the domestic helper would also refrain from entering
into the master bedroom if the Accused and she were in there. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 64.

Further, although the live-in domestic helper was usually at home, she stayed
in the kitchen most of the time. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 22.

50 Indeed, the Victim, 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 32-33.

the Mother, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 82.

and the Accused 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 37-39.

all gave evidence that was consistent in the suggestion that no family member
would have questioned the Accused’s being alone with the Victim in any room of
the family residence. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 79-84.

This was in part because it was an accepted and long-running familial practice
that the Accused would request for someone to massage him in one of the rooms,
58

##### Foot Note 58

×

See eg NE dated 17 November 2016 at pp 69-70; NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp
32-33.

and also because the only working computer in the household which the Victim
needed for her school work was located in the master bedroom. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

See eg NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 32, 42, 81.

(2) Suspicion from being alone behind locked doors

51 The above analysis is sufficient to dispose of the submission that it was
implausible for the family not to have been suspicious of the Accused being
alone with the Victim in a room. The remaining concern is then with the
specific issue of locked doors.

52 In this regard, the Victim testified that it was normal that the room door
was closed and locked – by the Accused himself or by the Victim on request of
the Accused – and the Victim did not question the Accused. The Victim
recounted only one incident during which the Mother had attempted to go into
the locked master bedroom while it was locked. When the door was later
unlocked, the Mother asked the Victim by whom and why the door was locked. The
Victim replied that she did and was not further questioned. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 25, 36.

53 The Mother testified that on about three to four occasions, she tried to
enter the master bedroom only to find it locked. She thought that the Victim
was trying to complete her school work and thus did not pursue the matter. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 81.

Further, she did not question the Victim or the Accused about the reasons for
locking the door as she did not suspect that anything untoward was going on.
62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 82.

54 I noted that there was a discrepancy between the Victim’s and the Mother’s
evidence as to how many times the Mother had tried to enter the locked master
bedroom, but that was not a fact which either the Victim or Mother could
reasonably have been expected to remember with precision. In any case, I
accepted the Mother’s explanations that she had not thought it necessary to
pursue the issue with either the Victim or the Accused as there was not, based
on what was known and familiar to her at that time, a degree of suspicion
about the circumstances that necessitated a confrontation or called for an
immediate explanation. It would also not have been in the place of other
family members, or the domestic helper, to voice concerns about the same.
Therefore, taking the established familial culture into consideration, it was
not in any sense incredible for the family not to have suspected anything
untoward based on the fact that the Victim and the Accused were alone in a
locked room.

State of the Accused’s penis

55 The Defence, relying on photographs of the Accused’s penis taken in October
2016, described the state of the Accused’s penis as “deformed” and relied on
it for two reasons. First, it sought to argue that the large penile
circumference measuring around 25cm at the maximum rendered it highly
improbable for the Accused to have had penile intercourse with the Victim. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at para 42.

Second, because the Victim’s drawing of the Accused’s penis based on her
recollection differed from photographs of the Accused’s penis taken in October
2016, the Victim’s credibility was challenged. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at para 43.

56 The Prosecution’s case was that the photographs in October 2016 did not
represent the state of the Accused’s penis at the time of the offences. The
Accused’s penile deformity had arisen between 4 September 2015 (when the
Accused’s ten cautioned statements were taken) and 15 April 2016 (when the
Case for the Defence was served), which was subsequent to the commission of
the offences. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

See Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 114 and 118.

Instead, they urged the Court to accept the Victim’s evidence as to the state
of the Accused’s penis, which was credible and corroborated by the evidence of
the Mother.

57 On the evidence, I preferred the Victim’s account of the state and
condition of the Accused’s penis during the material period. This was
corroborated by the Mother’s evidence. Further, an adverse inference was to be
drawn against the Accused for his belated disclosure of this exculpatory fact.

(1) The Victim’s evidence

58 The Victim testified that she knew the difference between an erect and
flaccid penis, 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 49.

and had not seen any other adult male sexual organ other than that of the
Accused. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 63.

Based on her recollection, the proximal end of the Accused’s penis was bigger
and thicker than the tip of the penis. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 53-54; see Exhibit P27.

This bigger part was said to constitute around one-quarter of the length of
the entire penis. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 61.

She believed that that bigger part was the Accused’s “balls”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 52.

At various points in her testimony, the Victim was also asked to draw several
pictures of the Accused’s penis:

(a) The first drawing was of the Accused’s penis in an erect state without any
reminders as to scale. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

See Exhibit D1; NE dated 15 November 2016 at 140.

(b) The second was drawn of the Accused’s penis in an erect state with a
particular reminder to mirror as accurately as possible the actual size of the
Accused’s penis. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

See Exhibit D2; NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 141.

(c) The third drawing was a side profile of the Accused’s penis relative to
the Accused’s body, not drawn to scale. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

See Exhibit P27; NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 51-52.

59 Counsel for the Accused compared these drawings against the actual
photographs of the Accused’s penis taken in October 2016. The Victim agreed
that the photographs differed from her recollection of the condition of the
Accused’s penis. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 150-151.

She accepted that, based on the photographs which showed a bulbous growth on
the proximal end of the Accused’s penis, it was not possible for 2.5 inches
(or 4.4cm) of his penis to have penetrated her mouth as she claimed in
relation to the third and fourth charges. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 142-143.

She explained that she was seeing the photographed penis for the first time in
court. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 64.

(2) The Mother’s evidence

60 As for the Mother, she stated that she did not have any problems in her
sexual relationship with the Accused. Based on her recollection, they had sex
about two to three times every one to two weeks. Olive oil would usually be
used as a lubricant during sex. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

AB at p 26.

In particular, the Accused had confided in her that anal intercourse was more
pleasurable for him than vaginal intercourse. He would request for anal
intercourse most of the time they had intercourse, and on occasion, she would
be awakened from her sleep by him trying to put his penis into her anus. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

AB at p 26.

61 In relation to the penile enlargement procedures, the Mother testified that
in 2004, she noticed that the Accused’s penis had become longer and thicker.
The Accused told her that it was because he had gone for an enlargement
procedure. The Mother did not know why he had done so. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 82-84.

Before the enlargement operation in 2004, the circumference of the Accused’s
erect penis was around 14cm at about the middle of its shaft, 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 87-88; see Exhibit P34.

whereas after the operation it was around 19cm at the thickest point of the
penis. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 90; see Exhibit P35.

62 After 2004, the Accused and the Mother continued to be able to engage in
regular sexual intercourse, with the aid of olive oil as a lubricant. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 93-94.

During vaginal and anal intercourse, the whole of the Accused’s penis,
including the swollen part on the proximal end of the penis, would penetrate
her vagina or anus; for fellatio, only the non-swollen part of the penis would
penetrate her mouth. The Accused also wanted sex more frequently after the
enlargement procedures. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 93.

63 No further material changes were observed to the shape or size of the
Accused’s penis after 2004. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 82-84.

When shown the photographs of the Accused’s penis as of October 2016, 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

See Exhibits E3, E4.

the Mother explained that the Accused’s penis was in her recollection much
longer and the bulbous part was not as big. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 91.

64 The Mother also made several drawings of the Accused’s organ:

(a) before the 2004 enlargement operation, in both flaccid and erect states,
to scale, from the top-down perspective, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Exhibit P31.

(b) after the 2004 enlargement operation, in both flaccid and erect states, to
scale, from the top-down perspective, 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Exhibit P32.

and

(c) a side profile of the penis in the erect state after the 2004 enlargement
operation 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Exhibit P33.

(3) The Accused’s evidence

65 The Accused testified that he underwent penile enlargement procedures in
Johore, Malaysia, three times in 2005, 2007 and 2009 respectively. He did so
at the behest of the Mother, who had told him the bigger the better as regards
his penis size; he had himself no interest in enlarging his penis as the
procedures caused him pain. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 73.

The Accused had no medical records or photographs of the state of his penis
after the first and second procedures. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 76, 80.

The venue at which he stated the procedures were performed could not be
traced. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 3.

66 Based on the Accused’s recollection, he paid 600 ringgit for the first
collagen-based enlargement. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

See Exhibit P38; NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 77-78.

The effect of this procedure dissipated by 2007, and so he did the second
procedure. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

See Exhibit P40; NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 80.

His penile size then shrunk again and he underwent the third procedure in
2009. He made before 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

See Exhibit P41; NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 81-82.

and after 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

See Exhibit P42; NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 82.

drawings of his penile shaft in their erect and flaccid states. Thereafter,
for the 7-year-period from 2009 to the date of the trial, 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 84.

the Accused’s penis remained substantially the same in size. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

See Exhibits E3, E4; NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 49-50.

67 In particular, the Accused explained that he did the third procedure in
2009 because, after the birth of their second child, the Mother was
dissatisfied with their sexual intercourse. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 51.

However, based on his testimony in court, soon after the third procedure in
2009, sexual intercourse between him and the Mother decreased in frequency.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 52.

By 2013, the Accused and the Mother had sexual intercourse about once every
one or two months. Usually, these consisted of penile-vaginal penetration with
the aid of olive oil as a lubricant. Not the entire length of the penile shaft
would be able to effect penetration as that mere act had become painful for
the Mother and him. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 52-53.

However, he had no difficulties achieving an erect state or ejaculating. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 72.

68 This decrease in sexual intimacy was one source of stress in their
marriage. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 6.

However, despite his penile deformity persisting for around seven years from
2009 to 2016, the Accused did not seek medical help to reduce the size of his
penis or to treat it as he was embarrassed and afraid that it would be even
more painful. According to him, embarrassment “overshadow[ed]” everything
else. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at pp 7, 85.

69 In support of his claim, the Accused called as witness Dr Lee Fang Jann
(“Dr Lee”), who was a medical doctor with the Singapore General Hospital of 15
to 16 years’ experience. He focused on men’s health issues and specialised in
andrology and kidney transplantation. In his report dated 17 October 2016, Dr
Lee explained that he saw the Accused in his clinic on 6 October 2016. Dr Lee
appended photographs of the Accused’s genitalia 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Exhibits E3 and E4.

and observed:

(a) the Accused’s penis was circumcised and exposed a “normal looking glans
penis”;

(b) there was an “uneven bulbous expansion” concentrated around the proximal
penile shaft from the underlying fillers;

(c) there were no external skin lesions around the genitalia but there was
some thinning of the penile skin on the right lateral aspect of the proximal
penile shaft overlying the fillers;

(d) the stretched penile length in the flaccid state measured 9.5cm and the
maximum “penile girth” at the proximal penile shaft measured 25cm; and

(e) the erect penis length measured 9.5cm and the maximum penile girth in the
erect state was also at the proximal penile shaft measuring 25cm.

70 Dr Lee concluded in his report that, in his medical opinion, the large
penile girth made it unlikely for the Accused to perform penile-vaginal,
penile-anal, and penile-oral intercourse with an 11-year-old girl.

(4) Assessment of the evidence

71 Having considered the evidence, I preferred the account of the Victim and
the Mother in relation to the appearance and condition of the Accused’s penis
during the material period. In contrast, the Accused’s evidence on this issue
was inconsistent, unreliable, and incapable of belief.

72 The Victim’s and the Mother’s accounts were largely consistent with each
other. Both of them, when shown the photographs of the Accused’s penis as of
October 2016, 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

See Exhibits E3, E4.

testified that the photographed organ did not resemble that based on their
recollection. Instead, their drawings of the Accused’s penis during the
material period, when taken in the context of their oral testimonies, bore
substantial similarities. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

See Exhibits D2 and P32.

Indeed, the Accused himself observed that the lengths of his penis as depicted
by the Victim and the Mother were “more or less the same”. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 27.

73 The difference in the depictions was that the Mother’s drawing reflected a
bulbous growth at the proximal end of the penis whereas the Victim’s did not.
In this regard, I observed that the Victim testified that the proximal end of
the Accused’s penis was bigger and thicker than its distal end. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 53-54; see Exhibit P27.

This bigger part was said to constitute around one-quarter of the length of
the entire penis. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 61.

The Victim also produced a side profile drawing showing that the bigger part
of the penis enveloped the whole circumference of the base of the penis. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

See Exhibit P27.

Taking into consideration her description and drawing of the bigger part, her
version of the Accused’s penis was brought closely in line with the Mother’s.
The Victim testified that she believed that the bigger part was the Accused’s
“balls”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 52.

The Prosecution submitted that this explained why the Victim had excluded it
from her initial drawings; 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 109.

the Defence argued that this showed the Victim’s lack of credibility. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at paras 46-47.

I preferred the Prosecution’s submissions. The Victim’s side profile drawing
of the Accused’s penis, in which the bigger part of the penis enveloped the
whole circumference of the base of the penis, suggested that she had misused
the colloquial term “balls”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

See Exhibit P27.

I would not hold the Victim’s misdescription of the male anatomy against her
given her young age and the fact that she had never seen any other adult
male’s sexual organ. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 42.

Indeed, when questioned on this misdescription, the Accused’s own response
was: “She didn’t know that it was my shaft. She did not know.” 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 28.

74 The Defence pointed to the fact that certain drawings of the Accused’s
penis were done by the Victim in her re-examination, which was after she had
seen the October 2016 photographs of the Accused’s deformed penis during
cross-examination. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at para 45.

I did not find that this sequence meant that her evidence should be rejected
or given less weight; her testimony was consistent throughout. Indeed, there
remained substantial differences between the Victim’s drawings and the
Accused’s photographs in relation to the critical issues of the penile length
and the relative size of the bulbous growth. If the Victim had intended to
tailor her evidence, her drawings would not have assisted her fabrication. It
should also be noted that the Victim’s drawings were produced after questions
had been asked of her on whether she had seen the Accused’s penis in an erect
state; 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 pp 49-52.

the other questions focussing on the all-round bulbous growth were put to the
Victim only after she had produced the drawings.

75 Turning next to the Accused’s evidence, it should be noted at the outset
that, save for the October 2016 photographs, the Accused could not provide
medical records or documentary evidence as to the state of his penis or of his
penile enlargement procedures. That left his testimony, which I found to be
inconsistent, unreliable, and incapable of belief.

76 First, the Accused’s account of his ability to have sex after the
enlargement procedures was wholly different at trial as compared to his
initial statements. At trial, the Accused testified that after the third
penile enlargement procedure in 2009, sexual intercourse between him and the
Mother decreased in frequency as his penis had become extremely large and
started swelling and collecting pus. During this time, the penis also became
“deformed” and out of shape, and the penile skin started peeling off. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 82-83.

This was completely different from the healthy picture of his sex life with
the Mother painted by the Accused in his further statement dated 25 November
2014 (six months after he was told of the Victim’s allegations and his first
statement was taken):

I have normal sex life with [the Mother] and we have sexual intercourse
regularly for about twice or thrice per week. When [the Mother] gave birth to
our third child… [the Mother] was reluctant to have sex with me. When I asked
her why, she told me that she did not enjoy sex with me. We discussed and I
even went to Johore to enlarge my penis. After the treatment, [the Mother]
told me that she enjoyed the sexual session with me. She ever told me that
before the treatment she did not feel anything. I did the penis enlargement
for 3 times where collagen was injected on my penis.

77 Secondly, the Accused could not provide a satisfactory explanation as to
why he had not sought corrective procedures or medical attention after his
penile deformity arose in 2008 or 2009. According to him, his organ was oozing
pus and swollen for more than seven years, 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 25.

causing pain to him and the Mother during penile intercourse and decreasing
the sexual intimacy between them. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 6.

Despite this, he left his penis in its deformed state for more than seven
years and allowed his marital and sexual problems to fester. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 8.

This flies in the face of the Accused account that he enlarged his penis
solely to please and placate the Mother, who had requested for the procedure
to be done. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 73.

The Accused tried to explain that he did not seek medical treatment because he
was embarrassed and afraid that it would be even more painful. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 7.

There should have been no embarrassment at least with respect to the person in
Johore who had performed the procedure for him in the first place and whom he
had consulted several times.

78 Thirdly, the Accused’s testimony regarding the injectable used in his three
penile enlargement procedures contradicted the evidence of his own medical
expert. The Accused’s consistent evidence in his statements and in court had
been that his three penile enlargement procedures were collagen-based. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 12.

These collagen-based procedures could not have given rise to permanent results
due to the natural reabsorption of the injectable; they thus deflated time and
again after the first and second procedures. However, the Accused claimed that
his third procedure enlarged the circumference of the proximal penile shaft to
25cm and resulted in a lasting deformity of at least seven years. This was
contradictory to his own experience and Dr Lee’s testimony that a collagen
insertion in 2009 could not possibly have caused the Accused’s penis to swell
to a circumference of 25cm without resolution, and was unlikely to have
resulted in the state of his penis as photographed in October 2016. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

NE dated 23 January 2017 at p 25.

79 For the above reasons, I preferred the evidence of the Victim and the
Mother in relation to the state of the Accused’s penis during the material
period of the offences. I noted Dr Lee’s testimony that a doctor could attempt
to deliberately create a bulbous lump anywhere along the length of the penis,
save for the glans penis, by concentrating the injectable in specific areas of
the penile shaft. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

NE dated 23 January 2017 at p 16.

The evidence before the Court, however, did not allow a finding as to how and
why the Accused’s penis came to be the state it was photographed in October
2016. That was, in the end, immaterial to the establishment of the charges
brought.

(5) Adverse inference

80 The findings above as to the state of the Accused’s penis during the
material period was buttressed by an adverse inference drawn against the
Accused for the belated disclosure of his penile deformity. Section 261(1) of
the CPC permits adverse inferences to be drawn from the accused’s silence:

Inferences from accused’s silence

261.—(1) Where in any criminal proceeding evidence is given that the accused
on being charged with an offence, or informed by a police officer or any other
person charged with the duty of investigating offences that he may be
prosecuted for an offence, failed to mention any fact which he subsequently
relies on in his defence, being a fact which in the circumstances existing at
the time he could reasonably have been expected to mention when so questioned,
charged or informed, as the case may be, the court may in determining —

(a) whether to commit the accused for trial;

(b) whether there is a case to answer; and

(c) whether the accused is guilty of the offence charged,

draw such inferences from the failure as appear proper; and the failure may,
on the basis of those inferences, be treated as, or as capable of amounting
to, corroboration of any evidence given against the accused in relation to
which the failure is material.

81 Based on the statutory language, three conditions must exist in order for s
261(1) of the CPC to empower the Court to draw an adverse inference against
the accused: (i) the accused fails to mention any fact on which he
subsequently relies as his defence, (ii) such omission occurs on his being
charged with an offence, or being informed by a police officer or any
investigating officer that he may be prosecuted for an offence, and (iii) he
could reasonably have been expected to mention that omitted fact in the
circumstances existing at the time when he was questioned, charged or
informed.

82 In the present case, the Accused gave his first statement to the police on
15 May 2014, a further statement on 25 November 2014, and ten cautioned
statements under s 23 of the CPC on 4 September 2015. His penile deformity,
and the implausibility and difficulty of penile intercourse as a result
thereof, were raised in none of these statements. Rather, the first instance
of the Accused raising the issue of his penile deformity was on 15 April 2016,
some two years after his first statement was taken, when his Case for the
Defence was filed. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 15; see Exhibit P7.

83 Given the severity of the allegations made against him, the centrality of
the Accused’s penile deformity to his claim of innocence, and the obviously
exculpatory nature of this fact even to a layperson, the Accused’s belated
disclosure was questionable. This was particularly so given that the cautioned
statements under s 23 of the CPC had been taken in September 2015, which was a
year and a half after his first statement was taken on 15 May 2014. The
Accused had, since that very first statement, been explicitly informed of the
Victim’s serious allegations of sexual assault against him, which he described
as “a big slap” to him. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

AB at pp 60-61.

The intervening period thus gave him ample time to reflect on the facts and
defences that should be raised to the investigation officers, and whether he
had inadvertently missed any salient issues in his earlier interviews. Given
the time interval between the statements, no claim could also be made that the
Accused had not been in a physical or mental state to consider his defence
(see Lim Lye Huat Benny v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 689 at [25];
Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process (LexisNexis, 5th Ed,
2015) (“Pinsler on Evidence”) at para 5.059).

84 The Accused gave two explanations for this critical omission, neither of
which I accepted.

85 First, the Accused explained that he did not inform the police of his
deformity as he was embarrassed by it and the fact that he could not engage in
proper sexual intercourse with the Mother. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 11.

I was not persuaded. The Accused had given several statements detailing
sensitive and personal aspects of his life. For instance, in the further
statement dated 25 November 2014, the Accused unabashedly elaborated on the
Mother’s varying willingness to have sexual intercourse with him at different
periods, and explicitly referred to his going to Johore three times for penile
enlargement procedures in order to boost their sexual experience. Further, the
Accused knew that the allegations were serious. His penile deformity was
clearly relevant and would have undermined those serious allegations. Taking
into account these considerations, I could not accept the Accused’s
explanation that the mere fear of embarrassment had caused him to delay
mention of his penile deformity.

86 The Accused’s second explanation was that he thought his initial disclosure
of his penile enlargement procedures to an investigating officer sometime in
May 2014 meant that the police would know it was improbable for him to effect
penile penetration of the Victim. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 10.

I did not accept this. Even accepting his account of this initial disclosure,
it did not follow that anyone would have been able to anticipate the fact of
his penile deformity, or his submission on the implausibility of ordinary
intercourse. Indeed, if he had genuinely believed that the police already knew
of his penile deformity, it would be more than curious that his later
statements, including the ten cautioned statements, made no mention at all of
this deformity.

87 For these reasons, I did not accept the Accused’s explanations for his
belated disclosure of the exculpatory fact of his penile deformity.
Accordingly, an adverse inference was drawn against him, and his account as to
the state of his penis during the material period of the offences was
disbelieved. In this regard, the Court of Appeal’s decision in Kwek Seow Hock
v Public Prosecutor [2011] 3 SLR 157, which was decided in the context of s
123(1) of the former CPC (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), remains applicable to the new
s 261(1) of the CPC (at [19]):

If… the fact or circumstance that is withheld will exculpate the accused from
an offence, a court may justifiably infer that it is an afterthought and
untrue, unless the court is persuaded that there are good reasons for the
omission to mention that exculpatory fact or circumstance. This accords with
common sense – if an accused believes he is not guilty of an offence that he
might be charged with, he would be expected to disclose why he has such a
belief.

88 A final clarification must be made. As a matter of law, there appear to
remain some debate as to whether an adverse inference under s 261(1) of the
CPC could be drawn from omissions in statements recorded under s 22 of the CPC
that were not preceded by any caution or notice under s 23 of the CPC (see
Pinsler on Evidence at para 5.058). As this issue does not arise squarely on
our facts, and was not argued by the parties, it should be dealt with in a
more appropriate case. For the avoidance of doubt, in this present case, the
adverse inference was drawn from the omission of reference to the penile
deformity in the ten cautioned statements taken under s 23 of the CPC on 4
September 2015, and not the prior long and further statements taken under s 22
of the CPC. The content and context of these prior s 22 statements, however,
remained relevant to the extent that they influenced the persuasiveness of the
Accused’s explanations for his omissions in the s 23 cautioned statements.

(6) Other arguments

89 The Defence argued that it was a gap in the Prosecution’s case that the
state of the Accused’s penis had not been ascertained as at the time of his
arrest. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 25.

I did not accept this. It would perhaps have made it easier for the
Prosecution if they had done such an assessment and obtained incontrovertible
evidence regarding the state of the Accused’s penis at that time, but the
Prosecution was not under an obligation to do so, and no inference can be
drawn against the Prosecution for not pursuing every potential defensive
argument however fanciful or inconceivable they may be. It was the Accused who
belatedly put the state of his penis in issue. The Defence’s own evidence of
the Accused’s penile deformity was a set of photographs taken in October 2016,
more than two years after the Accused had given his first statement in
relation to the case. At the end of the day, both the Prosecution and the
Defence had to take the evidence as it stood at trial and make their best
possible case, even if that was made more difficult by the lack of
contemporaneous evidence as to the state of the Accused’s penis.

90 Finally, the Defence pointed out that the Victim had testified in court
that around 2.5 inches of the Accused’s penis had penetrated her mouth. This,
it was submitted, suggested that the Victim had been coached because (i) the
Victim was a student at a local school and should have been more familiar with
the metric system, 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at pp 4-7.

and (ii) the ruler that she had used did not measure in inches but rather in
“tenths” and centimetres. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 139-141.

I was not persuaded. For the avoidance of doubt, the ruler used by the Victim
was a standard-issue commonly used in the High Court and the ruler’s reference
to “tenths” was, in fact, a reference to one-tenth of an inch. In that
context, it was not at all surprising that one may confuse the units of
“tenths” and “inches” as represented on that ruler. Further, if one closely
examined the trial transcript, it would be clear that the response of “inches”
did not come entirely from the Victim. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 60.

In any case, I did not agree with the Defence’s premise that a 14-year-old
student studying in a local Secondary school would not be able to recognise
the measurement of inches.

91 For these reasons, I found that the Accused’s penis during the material
period of the offences was of the condition and appearance described by the
Victim and corroborated by the Mother at trial, rather than the “deformed”
state as photographed in October 2016. No case of implausibility or difficulty
would thus arise in respect of the acts complained of in the charges. Indeed,
even on the Accused’s own account of his deformed penis, Dr Bhutia’s and Dr
Lee’s consistent evidence was that it remained possible for the lower distal
portion of the Accused’s penis to penetrate the Victim’s anus, and that such
penetration would be made even easier if a lubricant such as olive oil had
been used. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

NE dated 23 January 2017 at pp 19-20.

The Accused’s reliance on the condition of his penis thus did not create a
reasonable doubt that the offences had indeed been committed.

Victim’s behaviour and emotional state after disclosure

92 The Defence questioned whether the Victim’s behaviour and emotional
statement were consistent with that of a victim who had been sexually
assaulted by her father. In this regard, he pointed to:

(a) the medical reports of the assessors, which did not mention that the
Victim displayed signs of emotional trauma, and which recorded inconsistent
accounts regarding the Victim’s suicidal thoughts; and

(b) the Victim’s good performance at school and in other aspects, which were
purportedly not consistent with the conception of one who had recently been
traumatized.

93 In my judgement, neither of these submissions detracted from the Victim’s
credibility.

(1) Absence of reference to trauma in the medical reports

94 The Defence questioned the absence of any reference in the medical reports
to the emotional trauma felt by the Victim as a result of the abuse, and the
inconsistencies between the reports and the Victim’s testimony in respect of
her purported suicidal thoughts. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 110, 112-113.

It was submitted that these discrepancies suggested that the Victim had
fabricated her account of the abuse.

95 I did not agree. In respect of the Victim’s emotion state as at the time of
the offences, I did not consider that there had been any omission in the
medical reports at all. In particular, Dr Pathy’s report included fairly
detailed references to the Victim’s emotional state during and immediately
after the period of the offences. The report noted that the Victim felt
confused because she thought the Accused was religious and that it might have
been normal for families to engage in similar conduct. She was also afraid
that, if she had disclosed the events, she would be disbelieved and her family
would break up. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

AB at p 33-36.

The Defence suggested that there had been a troubling lack of elaboration,
latching onto Dr Pathy’s testimony that she had engaged the Victim in a free
flowing and spontaneous conversation – the Victim should thus have felt free
to share about her emotional state. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at p 13.

However, even if we assumed that more could have been elaborated on, it would
go too far to infer fabrication or lack of credibility from the absence of
elaboration. Dr Pathy’s primary role had been to determine whether the Victim
was fit to give evidence in court. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 14.

In that context, she had dutifully performed her role by concluding that the
Victim was fit to give evidence and was not depressed or psychotic. Further
elaboration on the Victim’s emotional state was simply not called for.

96 As for the Victim’s emotional state as at the time of the interviews by the
assessors, I did not consider the fact that she had not cried or appeared
outwardly distressed during these assessments relevant to her credibility.
Indeed, her composure could equally have stood testament to her tenacity,
rather than as evidence that she had been lying. There is no default archetype
of how a genuine victim of sexual abuse should react when recounting the
abuse, however traumatic it may have been. As Dr Pathy explained in court,
there may be several reasons why the Victim could remain calm during the
assessments, including that a rapport had been built between the Victim and
the assessor, or that it was the Victim’s defence mechanism to detach her
emotions from the content of a painful memory in her recount of that memory.
142

##### Foot Note 142

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 9.

Indeed, Dr Pathy testified that based on her experience, such composed
reactions were not out of the ordinary when victims of sexual abuse are
interviewed. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 9.

97 In the present case, I also found persuasive the Victim’s explanations that
she did not break down during the assessments because, as a result of
traumatic incidents she witnessed when she was younger, she held the belief
that crying was weak. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 103-104.

She had been willing to tell the Mother that she was crying by WhatsApp on 16
April 2014 only because that was not a conversation in person: her Mother thus
could not have seen her in that state. 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 106.

Further, her paramount concern at that time was to convince her Mother to
believe her. In contrast, during the assessment, the Victim was mentally
prepared and more guarded about her thoughts and emotions. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 97.

98 As for the references in the medical reports to the Victim’s suicidal
thoughts, the Defence submitted that the Victim’s testimony was unreliable
because (i) her alleged suicidal thoughts were not captured in Dr
Krishnamoorthy’s report, and (ii) her claim that those thoughts arose as a
result of the Accused’s abuse contradicted Dr Pathy’s evidence that the Victim
had told her that those thoughts dated back to a time prior to the abuse. 147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at p 15.

99 This could not take the Defence very far. The fact that the Victim may have
suffered from suicidal thoughts prior to the alleged abuse did not mean that
the Victim was not truthful about the incident. The Victim gave a sufficient
explanation that she had harboured suicidal thoughts since young, but the
Accused’s conduct triggered thoughts during and after the offences. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 107.

Further, in the absence of evidence from Dr Krishnamoorthy herself, little
weight could be placed on the fact that no reference had been made as to the
Victim’s suicidal thoughts in Dr Krishnamoorthy’s report (see above at
[42]-[44]).

100 In the circumstances, I did not consider any of the omissions and
discrepancies in the reports as to the Victim’s emotional state or suicidal
thoughts probative in evaluating her credibility; they were explicable on
other grounds. In any event, these discrepancies were also neither significant
nor material to the issues in dispute.

(2) Good performance at school and other aspects

101 In the course of cross-examination, counsel for the Accused sought to make
the point that the Victim’s behaviour after the alleged abuse was inconsistent
with the conception of someone who had been traumatically assaulted by her
father. To this end, he highlighted that (i) the Victim was able to have an
ordinary conversation with her Mother on WhatsApp regarding school activities
in late-May 2014, (ii) less than a year after the disclosure the Victim
performed well for her Primary School Leaving Examination (“PSLE”), and (iii)
the Victim appeared to be able to form normal relationships with boys in lower
Secondary school. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at pp 83-84.

He thus put to the Victim that her description of any trauma suffered as a
result of the alleged abuse was a lie. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 92.

The Prosecution submitted that the WhatsApp exchange between the Victim and
her Mother on 16 April 2014 was evidence of a true emotional disclosure. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 48.

102 I have discomfort with the notion that there is an archetypal victim of
sexual abuse, or that there is any standard as to how a victim of sexual abuse
should or should not have aspects of his or her life visibly affected by the
abuse. Although there may be instances where the presence of contemporaneous
evidence of a victim’s distress is relevant, it is difficult to see how the
presence or absence of visible impact on the victim in the longer term would
affect his or her credibility. In the present case, just as the Victim’s
failure to excel in school or other aspects of her life would not have added
to her credibility, it did not follow that any perception of good performance
indicated her lack of credibility as regards the occurrence of the alleged
abuse. In any event, the Victim has provided sufficient explanation for each
of the points raised by the Defence, 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 84.

and Dr Pathy has also testified that the Victim had confided in her about her
trust issues. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 5.

As such, whilst I acknowledge the difficulties that counsel for the Accused
may have faced in putting forth his client’s best case, I did not consider
this line of questioning to be of any aid to the Defence. This submission was
not seriously pursued in the Defence’s closing submissions.

Mother’s reaction and delay in reporting

103 The Defence submitted that the Victim’s account ought to be disbelieved as
the Mother’s reaction to the Victim’s disclosure of the abuse, and her delay
in reporting the abuse to the authorities was suspicious. This was not
persuasive.

(1) The WhatsApp conversation

104 The Defence pointed out that in the WhatsApp exchange following from the
Victim’s disclosure of the abuse on 16 April 2014, the Mother did not ask for
more details about what had happened to the Victim. This, the Defence argued,
was highly unusual. Further, the Defence suggested that the Mother should have
but did not ask if the Victim was hurt and where she was. The Mother also did
not go and pick her up from school. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 129-132.

All these were said to support the Defence’s case that the abuse (and the
series of WhatsApp messages) had been a fabrication by the Mother and the
Victim in cahoots. 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 133.

105 For similar reasons as those in relation to the victim (at [102]), the
Court should be cautious in dealing with submissions premised on the presumed
“normal” reaction of a parent to his or her child’s disclosure of sexual abuse
by the other parent. It would all depend on the facts. In the present case,
the Mother explained that when the abuse was first disclosed to her over
WhatsApp, she was together with the Accused at home. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

AB at p 23.

Her primary concern then was that the Victim came home safely and immediately.
157

##### Foot Note 157

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 82.

She pointed to her first reply to the Victim, ie, “I love u. U hv me always”,
which she had sent because she loved the Victim and wanted to make sure the
Victim was safe and felt protected. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 81.

She did not immediately press for details because they could – and did – talk
in person upon the Victim’s return home that evening. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 124-125.

She also explained that if the Victim had refused to come home, she would have
gone to school to fetch her. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 80.

There was nothing suspicious in the way she had reacted.

(2) Delay in reporting the abuse

106 In cross-examination, counsel for the Accused appeared to take issue with
the fact that subsequent to the Victim’s disclosure of the abuse, the Mother
had waited for two to three weeks before lodging a police report.

107 I accepted that there was some delay in reporting of the abuse, but this
could be explained as resulting from the Mother not knowing how to react in
the complex and sensitive situation that had unexpectedly unfolded before her.
As the Mother explained, she was in a state of shock when she found out about
the incidents as she could not believe that a father could do such things to
his own daughter. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

AB at p 25; NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 102.

Further, she was unsure because she had not observed any material change in
the Victim’s behaviour during the material period of the offences. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

AB at p 25.

She also had to weigh the consequences of this series of events on the family
and her marriage, as she knew that the Accused’s side of the family was
closely knitted and would surely want the marriage to go on. I accepted that
these were not easy decisions that could be speedily made.

108 Further, the Mother testified that, save for the particular incident of
abuse on 15 April 2014, she only found out about details of the other
incidents after the police report had been made. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 85.

This was because she had not discussed the matter further with the Victim in
the intervening period as she did not want to trigger the Victim’s unpleasant
memories. 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 88.

She made up her mind to lodge a police report on 6 May 2014 only after
discussing the matter with her sister and brother. Immediately thereafter,
personal protection orders were sought on 7 May 2014 against the Accused in
respect of herself and the Victim, 165

##### Foot Note 165

×

AB at p 24.

although only one was granted in respect of the Victim. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 103.

The Mother also filed for divorce on that same day. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

NE dated 17 November 2016 at p 67.

All of the above indicated that the Mother was trying to determine the best
course of action in a difficult situation. Accordingly, I could not conclude
that there was any delay by the Mother in reporting the abuse that would cast
doubt on her evidence or that of the Victim.

109 I add an observation in this regard. In Public Prosecutor v Mohd Ariffan
bin Mohd Hassan [2017] SGHC 81 (“Ariffan”), the High Court acquitted the
accused of charges in rape and sexual penetration on the basis that the
complainant’s evidence was neither unusually convincing nor sufficiently
corroborated. In particular, the High Court suggested that a delay in
reporting the abuse may in some circumstances have adverse implications on the
Prosecution’s case (at [39]-[42]):

39 Strictly speaking, the girl’s evidence did not stand alone. There was the
evidence of her mother, brother, sister and boyfriend, who she told about the
accused’s actions. The corroborative effect of such evidence is stated in s
159 of the Evidence Act…

…

40 However this provision must be applied with caution as Yong CJ had pointed
out in Khoo Kwan Hain v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 591

49 … although s 159 has the effect of elevating a recent complaint to
corroboration, the court should nevertheless bear in mind the fact that
corroboration by virtue of s 159 alone is not corroboration by independent
evidence. It would be dangerous to equate this form of corroboration with
corroboration in the normal sense of the word. …

The focus on a complaint made “at or about the time when the fact took place”,
or a “recent complaint” is apposite. Good sense dictates that a complaint
should be made within a reasonable time after the event. Where a person
remains silent, and only complains after a long delay, that delay must be
scrutinised. In the present case, the girl was not at all prompt in her
complaints although she had every opportunity to complain. There were no
reasons for her not to confide in members for [sic] her family or her
boyfriend. She had ample time to recover from any distress or embarrassment
that she may had experienced.

41 Someone so abused and humiliated would be expected to seek help and redress
when she breaks her silence. In her case, however, she was still reluctant to
make a police report. Furthermore, when she did speak, what she said was
contradictory and inconsistent, with allegation of touching (and no rape) to
the mother, and rape (and no digital penetration) to the brother, sister and
boyfriend. With the passage of time, the girl should not have difficulty to
recount accurately the forms of abuse she was put through.

110 However, the context in which the Court analysed the implications of a
delay in reporting must be considered: it was dealing with the law on
corroboration. In that regard, the current position is that subsequent
statements by the victim must have been made at the first reasonable
opportunity after the commission of the offence in order to constitute
corroboration (see AOF at [173]). This is a liberal approach adopted in
Singapore as regards the use of the victim’s own statements as corroboration.
Thus, in Ariffan, the victim’s delay in her disclosure of the sexual assault
was considered relevant in determining whether the requirements of
corroboration had been satisfied. I did not read that case to import a general
requirement or evidential duty of explanation for every instance of delay of
disclosure or reporting even as regards the assessment of credibility and
whether the victim’s evidence was unusually convincing.

111 Indeed, as a general proposition, in respect of sexual offences, a mere
delay in disclosure or reporting of the assault should not ordinarily be held
against the victim, or in this case the parent of the victim, as evidence of a
lack of credibility in the victim’s account. In the nature of things, a
multitude of reasons may influence one’s decision as to whether and when to
make such a report. It may make for a more compelling case theory if reasons
were given for the delay, but the court should be slow to adjudge these
reasons according to its own notion of how a reasonable victim should have
reacted: reasonableness in this particular instance is inevitably personalised
and contextual. Exceptionally, delay in reporting may be material if it causes
prejudice to the accused’s defence, but that would be a distinct issue which
did not arise on our facts.

Possibility of fabrication

112 The Defence submitted that the Victim and Mother had fabricated the
allegations (i) in order to help the Mother secure a divorce from the Accused,
and/or (ii) because the Accused had harshly scolded the Victim and the Mother
earlier for separate matters. To this end, he testified that the Mother had
repeatedly requested for a divorce between 2009 and 2014, when marital
problems arose between the Mother and him due to financial, sexual, and work-
related disputes; 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 55; NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 54.

their relationship only deteriorated further between mid-2013 and April 2014.
169

##### Foot Note 169

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at p 55.

The Accused also suggested that the Victim and the Mother framed him because
of past incidents where he had harshly scolded the Victim because of a very
large handphone bill, and the Mother for lying about the persons with whom she
had gone out to lunch. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

NE dated 18 November 2016 at pp 65-66.

113 The Accused’s suggestions were denied by both the Victim and the Mother.
In respect of the averment that the allegations of abuse had been fabricated
to obtain a divorce, the Mother admitted that there had been quarrels between
the Accused and her, but she had not thought of leaving the Accused at the
material time. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at pp 96-97.

Further, the plausibility of this theory was suspect, given that (i) the
divorce was obtained fairly early in December 2014 and there would have been
no need for further cooperation in the prosecution, (ii) the Mother had waited
several weeks to consider whether to make a police report after the Victim’s
disclosure of the abuse, and (iii) the Mother had sent various messages to the
Victim on 16 April 2014 asking her to confirm if she had been truthful.

114 The Victim was also clear that she did not want a broken family and did
not wish to be the cause of the family’s break up. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 125.

The Defence highlighted portions of the Victim’s evidence indicating her view
that her Mother “deserve[d] a better guy”, 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

AB at p 22.

and Dr Pathy’s report which also stated that the Victim believed that her
father was a “bad guy” and that it was wrong to let him be with her Mother.
174

##### Foot Note 174

×

AB at p 36.

I did not find that any of these pointed to fabrication. The statements by the
Victim could be simply interpreted as an indication that she did not want the
Accused to remain her father and to be in proximity to her or other family
members after the incidents in question.

115 As regards the large handphone bill that the Victim incurred, the
consistent evidence of both the Victim and the Mother was that the Mother had
been the one to raise her voice at the Victim, whereas the Accused was
noticeably calmer. 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

NE dated 16 November 2016 at p 57.

To my mind, there was insufficient evidence that could show that either of
them would have wanted to frame the Accused for the scolding – it would not be
in the general run of events for such serious allegations to be made, with the
risk of discovery and disbelief, on such flimsy grounds. Indeed, the Accused
himself testified that even when he got angry it would subside. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 63.

He further stated that punishment of the Victim for handphone related issues
had occurred several times previously. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 34.

In that context, I found it inconceivable that the Victim would remain so
vindictive after a single scolding as to frame and pursue such a serious
allegation against her father.

116 All things considered, it went against logic and evidence to believe that
the Victim and the Mother would go through such a protracted, painstaking, and
risky process simply because they got scolded or wanted a divorce.

Other purported inconsistencies

117 The Defence raised three other purported inconsistencies in the
Prosecution’s evidence by which I was not persuaded:

(a) The Defence alleged that the Victim had a suspicious change in attitude
because she had stated in her conditioned statement that she hated the Accused
for what he had done to her and wanted him to go to jail, but those emotions
were not reflected in her WhatsApp exchange with the Mother. 178

##### Foot Note 178

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 114-116.

I did not find this suspicious, and in any event accepted the Victim’s
explanation that the thought of wanting the Accused to go to jail only arose
after she knew that her Mother had reported the Accused to the authorities.
That was the first time she realised that his imprisonment could be a solution
to her problems; 179

##### Foot Note 179

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 123-124.

prior to that, her preoccupation had been with disclosure and being believed.
180

##### Foot Note 180

×

NE dated 15 November 2016 at p 124.

(b) The Defence submitted that the Mother was evasive and not credible as
there were significant time lags before certain responses were given to
questions in court, 181

##### Foot Note 181

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at pp 10-11.

and there were also unusual pauses in the WhatsApp exchange between her and
the Victim on 16 April 2014. 182

##### Foot Note 182

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at pp 13-14.

Having regard to the sensitive and emotionally difficult subject matter raised
in court and in the WhatsApp conversation, some time was naturally required to
consider one’s responses. I did not consider the pauses to be suspicious in
any regard.

(c) The Defence argued that the medical reports produced by the Prosecution
were unhelpful and/or unreliable because they did not include the “usual”
references to hymenal tears. This was neither here nor there. First, there was
no evidence as to what the contents of a “usual report” would be and whether
the present case was a “usual” case. 183

##### Foot Note 183

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 17.

Secondly, Dr Krishnamoorthy’s report did indeed state that the Victim’s “hymen
was intact”. Thirdly, as the Prosecution explained, hymenal tests were simply
not called for here as there was no allegation of vaginal penetration; the
ninth charge concerned digital-vaginal penetration, but that only related to
an attempt to penetrate rather than actual penetration as such. 184

##### Foot Note 184

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 54.

Conclusion on commission

118 In the final analysis, I found the Victim’s evidence to be unusually
convincing. Her account of the offences and material facts were detailed,
coherent, and largely consistent both internally and externally. She was not
shaken on the stand, and there were no signs of exaggeration, bias, or
unreasonableness in her testimony. 185

##### Foot Note 185

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 38.

In particular, although she was a 13-year-old girl in 2014 when the series of
sexual abuse was disclosed, and around 15 by the time of the trial, she could
give exceedingly lucid descriptions of an entire range of sexual acts. Indeed,
she could specifically testify as to the Accused’s habitual use of olive oil
as a lubricant in his various sexual acts. 186

##### Foot Note 186

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at p 37.

These, as Dr Pathy observed, were age-inappropriate knowledge that she was
unlikely to have obtained by other ordinary means. 187

##### Foot Note 187

×

NE dated 15 February 2017 at p 39.

119 Apart from the Victim’s testimony, I also considered the WhatsApp
conversation between her and the Mother, and the medical report by Dr Pathy,
to be corroboration of the Victim’s account of the series of sexual abuse
within the liberal sense of that term.

120 Two points are notable in this regard. First, the requirement of
contemporaneity was satisfied in the present case. The WhatsApp messages were
dated one day after the last incident in the series of abuse, and Dr Pathy’s
interview with the Victim was done within two months thereafter. These thus
fell within the scope of the phrase “at or about the time when the fact took
place” in s 159 of the EA, and could be distinguished from the delays of
several months in Lee Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor [1997] 2 SLR(R) 569 (at
[80]) and between three and five years in AOF (at [194]) which led to the
complaints in those cases being disqualified as corroborative evidence.

121 Second, I observed that the WhatsApp conversation and Dr Pathy’s medical
report covered some, but not all, of the facts constituting the charges. This
was perhaps inevitable due to the nature of the allegations and the extensive
amount of particulars to which they relate. On the Court of Appeal’s guidance
that “[w]hat is important is the substance as well as the relevance of the
evidence, and whether it is supportive or confirmative of the weak evidence
which it is meant to corroborate” (Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Syeed
Mallik [2008] 1 SLR(R) 601 at [43]; AOF at [173]), I did not consider the lack
of entire coincidence ipso facto preclusive of the corroborative effect of the
conversation and report. In fact, the call to focus on substance and relevance
applies a fortiori in the present case, since the crux of the Defence’s case
was an outright denial of the occurrence of all the acts of abuse. Therefore,
even if the conversation and report corroborated only parts of the Victim’s
testimony as to the occurrence of the abusive acts, they would be confirmative
of the Prosecution’s case.

The appropriate sentence

The Prosecution’s submissions

122 The Prosecution submitted that the operative sentencing principles in the
present case were general and specific deterrence, as well as retributive
justice. Further, the Court was urged to calibrate the appropriate sentence
taking into consideration the following aggravating factors: (i) the Accused’s
abuse of his position of trust, (ii) the high degree of planning and
premeditation involved, (iii) the Victim’s young age, (iv) the degrading acts
performed on the Victim in a campaign of abuse, and (v) the harm to the
Victim. In this regard, the Prosecution also adduced an impact statement from
the Victim under s 228(2)(b) of the CPC for its sentencing submissions.

123 The submissions on sentence were as follows:

(a) The four offences under s 376(4)(b) of the PC for sexual assault by
penetration of a minor under the age of 14:

(i) The Prosecution urged the Court to impose a sentence of 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. Citing Public Prosecutor v AUB [2015]
SGHC 166 (“PP v AUB”) and Public Prosecutor v Yap Weng Wah [2015] 3 SLR 297,
the Prosecution drew an analogy with the offence of sexual assault by
penetration to rape under s 375 of the PC, and thus sought to rely on the
sentencing categories established in Public Prosecutor v NF [2006] 4 SLR(R)
849 (“PP v NF”). On that premise, the present case fell within Category 2 of
the PP v NF framework, which deals with offences concerning the exploitation
of a particularly vulnerable victim and attracted a benchmark sentence of 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

(b) The offence under s 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act (Cap 38, 2001
Rev Ed) (“CYPA”) for sexual exploitation of a child or young person:

(i) The Prosecution cited the case of AQW v Public Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150
(“AQW v PP”) for the benchmark sentence of 6 to 8 months, but urged the Court
to give a significant uplift in the present case and impose a sentence of 2
years’ imprisonment in light of several aggravating factors.

(c) The five offences under s 354(2) of the PC for outrage of modesty against
a minor under the age of 14:

(i) The Prosecution submitted variously for sentences between 2 years’
imprisonment with 6 strokes, and 4 years’ imprisonment with 9 strokes. 188

##### Foot Note 188

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 54.

Aggravating factors were highlighted. In particular, in respect of the tenth
charge, the Prosecution urged a higher sentence on the basis that this was the
incident that constituted “the straw that broke the camel’s back [and led] to
the disclosure of the offences”. 189

##### Foot Note 189

×

Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions at para 65.

124 As for the global sentence, the Prosecution sought a total term of 24
years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. This involved running two of
the s 376(4)(b) sentences (each being a lowered sentence of 10 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in recognition of the totality
principle) and the sentence for the tenth charge under s 354(2) of the PC
(being 4 years’ imprisonment and 9 strokes of the cane) consecutively. The
Prosecution submitted that this was in line with the sentences meted out in
other cases concerning sexual abuse by a family member over an extended period
(see Public Prosecutor v BNN [2014] SGHC 7 (“PP v BNN”) and BMD v Public
Prosecutor [2015] SGCA 70).

The Defence’s submissions

125 The Defence submitted that that the appropriate global sentence would be
18 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. In relation to the s
376(4)(b) offences, in recognition of the enhanced framework adopted by
Parliament in relation to minors, he urged the Court to impose 8 years’
imprisonment for each of the charges. As for the five offences under s 354(2)
of the PC and the one offence under the s 7 of the CYPA, the Defence broadly
agreed with the Prosecution that a sentence of around 2 years’ imprisonment
would be appropriate. The Defence also agreed with the Prosecution in relation
to the sentences that should be run consecutively.

126 However, the Defence disagreed with the Prosecution in several other
aspects. First, it disagreed that the tenth charge – which concerned the last
incident in the series of abuse – should attract a higher sentence merely
because it was the incident that led to the disclosure of the offences.
Secondly, it argued that the Accused’s claiming trial (which necessitated the
Victim being called as a witness) should not be an aggravating factor because
no trial over allegations of sexual abuse could be pleasant and it remains a
critical aspect of justice to allow an accused person to have his day in
court. Thirdly, it disagreed with the Prosecution’s submission that the
Accused had deliberately deformed his penis to evade justice, and that the
sentence should reflect the Accused’s malice and cunningness. Fourth, the
Defence urged the Court to consider as neutral the factor of victim impact, as
the Victim appeared to be living a normal life and continued to excel in
school. Further, any alleged impact on her was not borne out by the medical
reports.

127 In addition, the Defence submitted that the Court should consider as
mitigating the fact that the Accused was untraced, and that he was cooperative
throughout the investigations.

The decision on sentence

Sentencing principles

128 In the present case, the primary sentencing considerations were
retribution for the heinous conduct of the Accused, as well as the general
deterrence of similar acts. As noted by V K Rajah J (as he then was) in Public
Prosecutor v V Murugesan [2005] SGHC 160:

55 Perpetrators are punished not just for the physical harm they inflict but
also for the life-long trauma, debilitating emotional distress and anguish
they callously and cruelly inflict and sentence their victims to suffer in
silence. In the circumstances, draconian sentences which primarily encapsulate
the principles of both retribution and deterrence are ineluctably required and
will be invariably meted out to all such offenders. …

129 This applies not only to rape cases but also to other analogous situations
involving serious sexual assault. In the context of inter-familial sexual
abuse, general deterrence is of particular concern because of the difficulty
in the detection of the offences and the considerable barriers faced by the
victims in reporting them (see PP v NF at [40]).

Aggravating and mitigating factors

130 In AQW v PP, Sundaresh Menon CJ sitting in the High Court established two
key considerations in the sentencing of accused persons convicted of sexual
offences against minors: “the twin notions of (a) the vulnerability of the
minor and (b) the degree to which the accused has exploited the minor
constitute the key considerations in sentencing for these offences” (at [13]).
That case dealt with s 376A(1) of the PC and s 7 of the CYPA, but the
principles are of general application.

131 In the present case, turning first to the vulnerability of the Victim,
there had clearly been an abuse of the position of trust and authority by the
Accused of the highest order, because of his position as the Victim’s father
and because of the familial culture which gave him significant power and moral
authority in the family. As observed in PP v NF, “abusing a relationship or a
position of authority in order to gratify sexual impulse will inevitably be
met with the harshest penal consequence” (at [42]). With regard to several
charges, in particular the third and fourth charges in relation to penile-oral
penetration, some degree of force had also been used by the Accused against
the Victim in abuse of their disparity in strength. Further, the Accused
leveraged on the Victim’s hesitation and confusion over the situation to step
up with increasingly intrusive sexual acts. The acts of abuse were also
committed in the family home, the very place which should otherwise have been
a safe sanctuary for the Victim, and from where the Victim had no other place
to seek refuge.

132 Here, the Victim’s young age was also an aggravating factor (see AQW v PP
at [16]). The Defence argued that because the charges themselves dealt with
offences against minors and hence carried an enhanced punishment, the youth of
the victim should not be factored in as an aggravating factor. I did not
agree. The enhanced offences framework took a general position that offences
against minors should be dealt with more seriously than those against non-
minors, but there was nothing to suggest that this framework was intended to
treat equally all offences committed against minors. Further, the framework,
by creating a broadly-tiered sentencing regime, did not suggest that the
sentencing court would hence be precluded from making a specific finding into
the extent of the victim’s vulnerability. There would be no double counting to
the prejudice of the accused person, since the aggravating factor of young age
would, in relation to such enhanced offences, only apply if the victim
concerned was materially younger than the stipulated age-ceiling, and even
then, in a graduated manner depending on how much younger the victim was.

133 In relation to the harm caused to the Victim, the victim impact statement
clearly showed the emotional turmoil and trauma caused by the offences. In her
statement, the Victim referenced the paranoia, flashbacks, nightmares, and
pent up anger that she had gone through. She also described her constant
battle with fear of the Accused and of being disbelieved. This was
corroborated by Dr Pathy’s report, in which the Victim similarly explained the
flashbacks and nightmares that she suffered as a result of the abuse. The
Defence argued that the Victim had been able to recover as shown by her good
performance in school, but that cannot take away the trauma and lasting damage
that would be caused by acts of this nature, particularly given the betrayal
by someone in authority. The Victim may very well go on to excel in other
aspects of her life in spite of what had happened, as she admirably committed
herself to at the end of her impact statement, but that would not be evidence
that she suffered no harm; indeed, it may stand as a testament to her tenacity
and resilience.

134 As for the Accused’s culpability and his degree of exploitation, those
were also highly significant factors to be taken into account. The Accused
here had committed an entire array of penetrative acts established to be the
most egregious forms of sexual contact: “Singapore… legislation…
differentiate[s] between various forms of sexual contact, the most egregious
being penile penetration of the vagina, anus or mouth, and non-penile
penetration of the vagina or anus” (see AQW v PP at [19]). The degree of
planning and premeditation, as well as the extended duration of time over
which the offences were committed, must also be considered.

135 That being said, contrary to the Prosecution’s submissions, I agreed with
the Defence that even in relation to sexual offences, an accused person’s
claiming trial does not in itself expose him to any additional uplift or
increase in sentence, but rather connotes merely that he does not qualify for
a discount for pleading guilty. There may be situations where the conduct of
the defence goes beyond the pale, but that was not the case here.

136 In the circumstances, I did not find any significant mitigating factor
operating in favour of the Accused.

The sentence

137 Taking the above into consideration, the Victim had clearly suffered great
harm at the hands of her father over several years, with all the offences
occurring in the family home. The punishment imposed must be commensurate with
the damage caused and the threat such acts pose in society.

(1) Section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act

138 In relation to the first charge under s 7 of the CYPA, the sentencing
benchmark was set out by Menon CJ in AQW v PP (at [50]) as 6 to 8 months
assuming four conditions:

In my judgment, a sentence of between six and eight months’ imprisonment would
be appropriate where (a) the sexual act that took place between the offender
and the minor involved touching of naked genitalia, regardless of whose
genitalia it was, (b) the minor is 14 years old or above, and does not appear
to be particularly vulnerable, (c) the offender did not coerce or pressure the
minor into participating in the sexual act, and (d) there was no element of
abuse of trust.

139 Apart from the first condition, none of the other conditions apply in the
present case; rather, this case was significantly more aggravated. Particular
regard should be had to the fact that the Victim was only 11 years old at the
time of the offence, that there was an absence of consent by the Victim, and
that the Accused had abused his position of authority of the highest order. In
the circumstances, a 2-year imprisonment term was warranted.

(2) Section 354(2) of the Penal Code

140 In relation to the five s 354(2) offences, I observed that the sentencing
benchmark in relation to outrage of modesty simpliciter under s 354(1) of the
PC, where a victim’s private parts or sexual organs had been intruded upon, is
9 months’ imprisonment with caning (see Public Prosecutor v Chow Yee Sze
[2011] 1 SLR 481 (“Chow Yee Sze”) at [9]). A significant uplift was necessary
in this case to take into account the fact that the Victim was young and that
the charge was brought under s 354(2) of the PC for aggravated outrage of
modesty against a minor below the age of 14. In this regard, the enhanced
offence of s 354(2) was introduced by way of amendments to the PC in 2008, and
was statutorily prescribed with a sentencing ceiling of around 2.5 times the
imprisonment term provided under s 354(1) of the PC for outrage of modesty
simpliciter. Precedents from the State Courts cited by the Prosecution were
not on all fours with the present facts, but indicated that the offences under
s 354(2) of the PC attracted sentences in the range of around 2 to 3 years’
imprisonment with 4 to 9 strokes of the cane. 190

##### Foot Note 190

×

See Prosecution’s Sentencing Submissions, Annex A.

Accordingly, the difference between this sentencing range and the Chow Yee Sze
benchmark was congruous with the difference between the statutory ceilings for
sentences under ss 354(2) and 354(1) of the PC. In the circumstances, I
considered a 2-year imprisonment term with caning the appropriate starting
point for offences under s 354(2) of the PC for aggravated outrage of modesty
against a minor below the age of 14, where the victim’s private parts or
sexual organs had been intruded upon.

141 Specifically, the following s 354(2) offences warranted a sentence of more
than 2 years’ imprisonment:

(a) The second charge was framed around the Accused rubbing his penis against
the Victim’s face, while she was on the floor. The Accused asked the Victim to
sit on the master bedroom floor, then lifted his sarong and pulled it over her
head before rubbing his penis on her face. There was some degree of coercion
involved in this charge, and the Victim testified that the Accused’s conduct
caused her fear. In the circumstances, a sentence of 3 years’ imprisonment
with 6 strokes of the cane was appropriate.

(b) The ninth charge was framed around the Accused’s touching and rubbing the
area outside, and attempting to digitally penetrate, the Victim’s vagina. The
attempt to effect digital penetration was an intrusive act and caused clear
pain and discomfort to the Victim. It thus distinguished the present case from
PP v BNN, in which a 37-year-old accused was sentenced to 2 years’
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane for outraging the modesty of his then
13-year-old stepdaughter by groping her breasts and nipples and touching her
vulva. A sentence of 3 years’ imprisonment with 6 strokes of the cane was
appropriate.

(c) The tenth charge was framed around the Accused’s rubbing his penis against
both the Victim’s vagina and her anus. In this regard, the Accused had
forcefully pulled the Victim down onto the bed and made her lie face up even
though she had refused to do so. Further, despite the Victim’s turning her
body away to stop and prevent the discomforting contact between the Accused
and herself, the Accused persisted in his conduct with some degree of force.
However, I did not accept the Prosecution’s submission that this charge
warranted a higher sentence merely because it constituted the “straw that
broke the camel’s back”. Insofar as it referred to the tenth charge being the
last incident in a series of abuse, the mere fact that an offence was the last
in time in a series of incidents would not in itself justify a heavier
punishment. If the Prosecution meant that the tenth charge was of such
severity as to have persuaded the Victim to disclose the whole chain of
abusive conduct, this has been given direct effect to by my analysis above. In
the circumstances, a sentence of 3 years and 6 months’ imprisonment and 6
strokes of the cane was appropriate.

(3) Section 376(4)(b) of the Penal Code

142 As for the four offences under s 376(4)(b) of the PC, I agreed with the
Prosecution that the benchmarks with respect to Category 2 of the sentencing
framework established in PP v NF for rape offences ought to apply. Indeed, the
analogy between aggravated sexual assault by penetration and aggravated rape
had been drawn by both Parliament and the Courts. In the explanatory statement
to clause 68 of the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (Bill 38 of 2007), which
introduced the current s 376 of the PC, it was stated as follows:

The new section 376 provides for a new offence of sexual assault by
penetration… The section also provides for an enhanced penalty for aggravated
forms of sexual assault by penetration which is analogous to aggravated forms
of rape. The enhanced penalty is a mandatory term of imprisonment of not less
than 8 years and not more than 20 years, and mandatory caning of not less than
12 strokes. The enhanced penalty is the same as the enhanced penalty for
aggravated rape.

143 Similarly, Tay Yong Kwang J (as he then was) had in PP v AUB held that
“[v]ictims of sexual penetration experience the same emotional scars as rape
victims. The sentencing considerations that apply to rape should therefore be
applied to victims of sexual penetration as well” (at [7]). Accordingly, a
sentence of 15 years’ imprisonment with 12 strokes of the cane was the
starting point, and also the appropriate sentence in the present case, taking
into considering the general aggravating factors identified above (at
[131]-[134]).

144 After my decisions on conviction and sentence were given, the Court of
Appeal handed down its decision in Ng Kean Meng Terence v Public Prosecutor
[2017] SGCA 37 recalibrating the sentencing framework for rape offences. That
would, however, not have changed the outcome in the present case. In my view,
under the first step of the new framework, the present case would have fallen
in line with the Band 2 offences – attracting 13 to 17 years’ imprisonment and
12 strokes of the cane – given the presence of several offence-specific
aggravating factors such as the Accused’s abuse of position and breach of
trust, the presence of some degree of violence, and the young age of the
Victim (at [44]). I note that several other cases involving protracted sexual
abuse in the familial context, such as Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2 SLR
1057 and Public Prosecutor v AHB [2010] SGHC 138, were also listed as
illustrations in this Band (at [54]). Thereafter, the second step of the
framework requires the Court to calibrate the sentence having regard to
offender-specific factors (at [62]). In that regard, the Accused’s persistence
in the assault over a protracted period and despite the Victim’s
protestations, and his willingness to abuse their disparity in strength and
influence, were all factors weighing against the Accused. In the
circumstances, even under the new sentencing framework, 15 years’ imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane would have been broadly appropriate.

Conclusion on sentence

145 Taking into consideration all the above, the sentences imposed were as
follows:

Charge | Offence| Sentence| Remarks  
---|---|---|---  
1| S 7(a) CYPA| 2 years|  
2| S 354(2) PC| 3 years; 6 strokes|  
3| S 376(4)(b) PC| 10 years; 12 strokes|  
4| S 376(4)(b) PC| 10 years; 12 strokes| Consecutive  
5 | S 376(4)(b) PC| 10 years; 12 strokes|   
6| S 376(4)(b) PC| 10 years; 12 strokes| Consecutive  
7| S 354(2) PC| 2 years; 6 strokes|  
8| S 354(2) PC| 2 years; 6 strokes|  
9| S 354(2) PC| 3 years; 6 strokes|  
10| S 354(2) PC| 3 years 6 months; 6 strokes| Consecutive  
Total sentence| 23 years and 6 months; 24 strokes |   
  
146 It must be clarified that in relation to each of the offences under s
376(4)(b) of the PC, I agreed with the Prosecution that a sentence of 15
years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane would ordinarily have been
warranted. The sentence of 10 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane
was imposed only in light of the totality principle, which requires the Court
at the final stage of sentencing to consider “what would be a proportionate
and adequate aggregate sentence having regard to the totality of the criminal
behaviour of the accused person” (see Mohammed Shouffee bin Adam v Public
Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 at [59]).

147 Finally, although the total number of strokes came to more than the
maximum that could be imposed, in view of the substantial imprisonment term, I
declined to impose any additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning under
s 328(2) of the CPC.

Miscellaneous

Marital communications privilege

148 In the course of cross-examination of the Mother, an issue arose as
regards s 124 of the EA and its interaction with s 134(5)(a) of the EA. The
former provision deals with marital communications privilege and provides that
no spouse shall be compelled or permitted to disclose any communications made
by the other spouse to him during marriage unless that other spouse consents,
or in specific situations such as suits between spouses or proceedings where
one spouse is prosecuted for a crime against the other spouse. The latter
provision precludes the spouse of an accused person from refusing to give
evidence in criminal proceedings on the ground that it would tend to prove the
commission by the accused of the offence charged. In closing, the Defence
tendered written submissions and cited a case commentary by the learned
Professor Ho Hock Lai (see “Spousal Testimony on Marital Communication as
Incriminating Evidence – Lim Lye Hock v PP” [1995] Sing JLS 236), but both
parties ultimately agreed that this issue did not arise in the present case.
In the circumstances, I agreed that neither s 124 nor s 134(5)(a) of the EA
was engaged on the facts; the proper interaction of these two provisions was
thus left to be resolved in the appropriate case.

Lost in translation

149 Lastly, as I conveyed to the Prosecution during the trial, 191

##### Foot Note 191

×

NE dated 23 November 2016 at pp 43-44.

the Court would be slow to allow questioning on the nuances of certain words
and phrasing in a document that captured only the product of an interpretation
rather than the original language. It would generally not be enough to call
the interpreter to the stand, unless comprehensive contemporaneous records of
the original language used had been kept by him. In the absence of evidence,
the interpreter would not be expected to remember the actual words used in the
original language. There is a great risk otherwise that the interpreted
statement would be used to work backwards to what the accused would have been
expected to have said, rather than what the accused did actually say.

Conclusion

150 For the foregoing reasons, the Accused was convicted of all ten charges
brought against him and sentenced to a global term of 23 years and 6 months’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

April Phang Suet Fern, Amanda Chong Wei-Zhen and Nicholas Lai Yi Shin
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor;  
Siaw Kin Yeow, Richard and Peng Yin-Chia, Winna  
(JusEquity Law Corporation) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

