Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 234

Suit No 7 of 2017

(Summons No 416 of 2017 and

Summons No 1366 of 2017)

Between

| Sinco Technologies Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Singapore Chi Cheng Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Chang Tsuei-Yun  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Conflict of laws] — [Natural forum] — [Forum non conveniens]  
[Conflict of laws] — [Natural forum] — [Stay of proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sinco Technologies Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Singapore Chi Cheng Pte Ltd and another

[2017] SGHC 234

High Court – Suit No 7 of 2017 (Summons Nos 416 and 1366 of 2017)

Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
12 July 2017

27 September 2017

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 Sinco Technologies Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) is a company incorporated in
Singapore on 2 November 1995 and is in the business of manufacturing plastics,
rubber and silicon engineering components.

2 Singapore Chi Cheng Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”) is a private exempt
company and was incorporated on 23 April 1997 as an investment company by
Taiwan Chi Cheng Enterprise Co Ltd (“TCC”) which is listed on the Taiwan Stock
Exchange. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 2-3.

TCC was the sole shareholder of the first defendant until 30 December 2016
when TCC sold its interest to Finno Technology (Hong Kong) Company Ltd.

3 The first defendant owns 96.91% in a company called Zhuhai Chi Cheng
Technology Co Ltd (“ZCC”) which carries on business in Zhuhai, China, in
precision metal stamping and manufacturing accessory components for
communications equipment, electronics, computers, cameras and related
peripherals. ZCC also owns prime land, factories, plants, other buildings and
private residences in Zhuhai. Besides the first defendant, ZCC’s other
shareholders are Zhuhai Guanyao Paper Packaging Co. Ltd (“Zhuhai Guanyao
Paper”) and Kunshan LitaXiang Machinery & Equipment Co. Ltd (“Kunshan
LitaXiang”). The shareholdings of Zhuhai Guanyao Paper and Kunshan LitaXiang
in ZCC are 2.93% and 0.16% respectively. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at paras 6-8.

4 ZCC also holds 75% of the shares in a Chinese company called Kunshan Chi
Cheng Technology Co Ltd (“KCC”) which is located at Kunshan. TCC owns 15% of
the remaining shares in KCC while the balance 10% shares are held by Hong Kong
Chi Cheng Limited. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 10.

5 The court was informed that on 20 March 2017, the first defendant together
with the other two shareholders of ZCC namely Guanyao Paper and Kunshan
LitaXiang had commenced proceedings against the plaintiff in Zhuhai for this
dispute.

6 The plaintiff commenced this Suit No 7 of 2017 (“the Suit”) on 3 May 2017
alleging fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation on the part of the first
defendant that induced the plaintiff to enter into a letter of intent on 1
August 2016 (“the LOI”). The plaintiff also claimed unjust enrichment against
the defendants in the sum of US$3m. The Suit was also filed against Chang
Tsuei-Yun (“the second defendant”) who is a director of the first defendant,
the vice chairman of TCC, the legal representative of ZCC as well as a
majority shareholder of TCC. The plaintiff alleged that the second defendant
is the prime mover and ultimate controller of the Chi Cheng group of companies
and is responsible for the business and management of the companies in the
group. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 3.

7 Shortly after the plaintiff’s commencement of the Suit, the first defendant
applied in Summons No. 416 of 2017 (“the first defendant’s application”) for a
stay of proceedings on the ground of forum non conveniens. The second
defendant followed suit and filed Summons No. 1366 of 2017 (“the second
defendant’s application”) applying for a similar stay of the Suit.
(Henceforth, the two defendants’ applications will be referred to jointly as
“the defendants’ applications”).

8 Both summonses came up for hearing before this court. At the conclusion of
the hearing, I granted the defendants’ applications (with a stay of six months
until 12 January 2018) and further ordered (in regard to the first defendant’s
application) that the plaintiff commence proceedings afresh in Zhuhai which
claim should be tried together with the first defendant’s claim against the
plaintiff there. The plaintiff is dissatisfied with my decision and has filed
Notices of Appeal in CA Nos.133 and 134 of 2017 respectively against my
granting of the defendants’ applications. Consequently, I now set out the
grounds for my decision.

The facts

9 The facts set out below are extracted from the pleadings as well as from the
affidavits filed by the parties.

10 Around April 2016, the shareholders of ZCC decided to divest their shares
in ZCC which was in financial difficulties. The plaintiff expressed an
interest in acquiring the shares because ZCC held an anodising licence in
China. Securing the licence would enable the plaintiff to expand some of its
own manufacturing processes in China (according to the affidavit filed by the
plaintiff’s Chief Operations Officer [“COO”] Jonathan Chee [“Chee”]).

11 According to Chee, the plaintiff would have faced difficulties if it were
to transfer the anodising licence to itself from ZCC. He thought the best way
to do the transfer was to acquire the owner of the licence, namely the first
defendant. Chee was reassured by the fact that ZCC’s majority shareholder was
the first defendant, a Singapore registered company which held substantial and
real assets including receivables of more than S$5m, fixed deposits of more
than S$1m and cash or cash equivalent close to S$17,000. Additionally, Chee
noted that the first defendant had a viable business as it provides
manufacturing and repair services for industrial and commercial electronic
products. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at paras 20-21.

12 The plaintiff’s interest in acquiring ZCC was conveyed by Chee to one Joey
Hsu who was previously with ZCC. Chee then contacted Chen Pao Shun (“Leon
Chen”), the chief financial officer of ZCC. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 13.

13 On or about 4 May 2016 (“the 4 May meeting”), the plaintiff’s
representatives, namely its chief executive officer Bryan Lim, Chee and its
financial controller Poh Leong Wee Terence (“Terence”), met the second
defendant, Leon Chen and ZCC’s general manager Sam Tung (“Tung”) at ZCC’s
office at Zhuhai. The plaintiff’s representatives expressed interest in
purchasing the first defendant’s shares in ZCC. The second defendant informed
them that the sale and purchase transaction, including negotiations, would be
handled by a lawyer, Lu Dongbiao (“Bill Lu”), from the Zhuhai law firm called
Guangdong Jiatong Law Firm (“Guangdong Jiatong”). 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 14.

Guangdong Jiatong was the custodian trustee of ZCC’s assets while Bill Lu held
a power of attorney granted by the first defendant, TCC and ZCC.

14 Soon after the 4 May meeting, the plaintiff conducted extensive due
diligence on ZCC in China from May to July 2016. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at para 28; Leon
Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 18.

This included a visit by Terence and other representatives of the plaintiff to
ZCC’s premises. The plaintiff also engaged a firm of valuers, Dongguan Hualian
Asset Appraisal, as well as a team from the Hong Kong branch of DBS Bank’s
mergers and acquisition division. Legal due diligence for the plaintiff was
conducted by a Zhuhai law firm Dentons Law Office LLP (“Dentons”) and one Xue
Peng (“Xue”) in particular.

15 Leon Chen asserted that it was made known to the plaintiff in the course of
its due diligence exercise that ZCC faced financial and legal problems. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 19.

The financial problems included the company’s main banker, Bank of
Communications (Zhuhai Branch) (“the Bank”), recalling the loans it had
extended to ZCC and suing for their repayment. Another problem involved the
sale transaction by ZCC of its shares in KCC (at [4]) to two individuals
namely Li Jiong and Madam Luo Feng (collectively “the buyers”). The sale price
of KCC’s shares to the buyers was around RMB170,000,000 of which
RMB132,500,000 was then outstanding. The sale was effected pursuant to an
Equity Transfer Agreement dated 19 October 2015 (“the ET Agreement”). The
balance of RMB132,500,000 was booked as an account receivable in the books of
ZCC. Henceforth the sum of RMB132,500,000 will be referred to as the “Account
Receivable”.

16 The Bank sued ZCC because KCC had furnished a corporate guarantee to the
Bank as part of the securities given by ZCC for the Bank’s loans. As a result,
the buyers suspended their instalment payments of the Account Receivable. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 19.

17 By email, Leon Chen furnished to the plaintiff through DBS Hong Kong a list
of all the legal suits faced by ZCC. He claimed that the plaintiff and Dentons
expressly informed him and Bill Lu that the legal issues involving KCC would
not affect the intended acquisition of the ZCC shares. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 21.

18 On or about 25 July 2016, the plaintiff informed the first defendant by
email that it was ready to pay a deposit of RMB20m (equivalent to US$3m) for
the purchase of ZCC shares, subject to certain terms and conditions. In a
telephone exchange between Xue and Bill Lu, the former informed the latter
that the deposit would be paid into a joint account and the monies would not
be used until after the completion of the sale and purchase transaction. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at para 32; Leon
Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 22.

19 On 27 July 2016, Bill Lu informed the plaintiff by email that it had to pay
US$3m to ZCC by 28 July 2016 as earnest money before ZCC would allow the
plaintiff to continue its negotiations and due diligence on ZCC. Further, ZCC
would be at liberty to use the US$3m (which was not to be placed in a joint
account) and the plaintiff had to complete its evaluation and make an offer
price for ZCC shares by 5 August 2016. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 23.

20 The plaintiff did not pay by 28 July 2016 the US$3m that was requested.
Instead, on that day, Xue emailed Leon Chen a draft letter of intent (“the
draft LOI”) in respect of the plaintiff’s intended purchase of ZCC’s shares.
The draft LOI did not contain a clause on the issue of earnest money.

21 On 29 July 2016, the second defendant emailed Chee to say the ZCC
shareholders did not agree to the draft LOI. She referred to Leon Chen’s email
of 27 July 2016 (at [19]) and added that since no earnest money was paid by 28
July 2016 as ZCC stipulated, the latter’s shareholders would be accepting
offers from other interested buyers. She added that if the plaintiff was still
interested in purchasing ZCC’s shares, it would have to pay US$500,000 (or its
equivalent in RMB) as earnest money to Guangdong Jiatong by that day. The
plaintiff would also have to sign a share transfer agreement providing for a
purchase price of not less than US$10m and pay a deposit of US$3m by 5 August
2016. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at paras 25-26.

22 On 1 August 2016, Chee, Xue and the plaintiff’s accountant attended at the
offices of Guangdong Jiatong and met Bill Lu and Leon Chen (“the 1 August
meeting”). The plaintiff offered US$8m for the shares in ZCC with an immediate
deposit of US$3m. In exchange, the plaintiff requested that ZCC’s shareholders
return forthwith all earnest monies received from other potential buyers and
deal solely with the plaintiff. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 27.

23 At the 1 August meeting, Bill Lu prepared a letter of intent for
acquisition of shares in ZCC. On Xue’s advice, the plaintiff made amendments
to the document. After the amendments were completed, the finalised version of
the document was engrossed and the parties signed the LOI. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at para 40.

Clause 7 of the LOI states:

The place for the performance of this Letter of Intent shall be Zhuhai.

24 At the 1 August meeting, Xue handed to Chee and to the plaintiff’s
accountant the due diligence report. During the ensuing discussion, the
parties touched on the Account Receivable due from the buyers. Bill Lu
apparently told Xue that once the plaintiff settled the debt due to the Bank
from ZCC, the buyers would have no basis to refuse to pay the Account
Receivable for their shares in KCC. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at para 35.

25 The plaintiff’s version of the discussion at the 1 August meeting formed
the gravamen of its case in the Suit. In the plaintiff’s statement of claim
(Amendment No 1) (at [9]), it was alleged that at that meeting, Leon Chen and
Bill Lu made the following representations on behalf of the ZCC shareholders:
18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 9.

(a) From the date of the signing of the ET Agreement (at [14]) until 1 August
2016, the value of KCC’s land and plant had increased in value by around
RMB5-6m, which exceeded the agreed penalty of RMB3m under the ET Agreement;

(b) The buyers would definitely continue to pay to ZCC the rest of the
purchase price under the ET Agreement; and

(c) The Account Receivable was definitely recoverable from the buyers.

(Hereinafter the above allegations will be referred to collectively as “the
Representations”). The plaintiff alleged that it relied on the Representations
and was thereby induced to enter into the LOI and pay the deposit of US$3m on
or about 4 August 2016. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 13.

26 On 16 August 2016, the plaintiff alleged it was informed by Leon Chen and
Bill Lu that the buyers had threatened proceedings against ZCC for alleged
breach of the ET Agreement and were demanding compensation equivalent to 20%
of their purchase price namely around RMB34m. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 15.

27 The plaintiff further alleged that between 16 August and 14 September 2016,
Leon Chen and Bill Lu made further representations to the plaintiff on behalf
of the ZCC shareholders as follows: 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at para 16.

(a) The buyers would not commence proceedings against ZCC;

(b) The Account Receivable was recoverable; and

(c) A guarantee for (a) and (b) would be provided in the share purchase
agreement.

(Collectively the above allegations will be referred to hereinafter as “the
Further Representations”).

28 On or around 14 September 2016, the second defendant requested the
plaintiff to make an advance payment of US$2.6m to the first defendant. In
good faith and relying on the Further Representations, the plaintiff made an
advance payment of US$2.6m by cheque crediting the first defendant’s Singapore
bank account.

29 The defendants’ version of the 1 August meeting was as follows: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at paras 27-32.

(a) The plaintiff wanted to sign an agreement immediately and place a deposit
of US$3m for the purchase of ZCC shares for which the plaintiff was prepared
to pay a total price of US$8m;

(b) In exchange, the plaintiff wanted the ZCC shareholders to deal solely and
exclusively with the plaintiff. Chee required Bill Lu to return all earnest
money received from other interested buyers;

(c) At the 1 August meeting, Xue submitted Dentons’ completed due diligence
report to Chee and Terence. The discussion turned to the Account Receivable.
Bill Lu opined to Xue that once the plaintiff settled the debt owed to the
Bank by ZCC, the buyers would have no basis to refuse to pay the Account
Receivable. Xue agreed. Chee then said that upon signing the LOI, ZCC’s
problems would henceforth be his (the plaintiff’s);

(d) At no time whether at the 1 August meeting or otherwise did the ZCC
shareholders or their representatives make any of the Representations alleged
in the statement of claim or to similar effect;

(e) Neither Bill Lu nor Leon Chen consulted with or took instructions from the
second defendant at the 1 August meeting, the reason being that both of them
were already authorised by the second defendant to represent ZCC; they only
had to report to the second defendant on the outcome of the 1 August meeting;

(f) Bill Lu drafted the LOI on the spot. It was reviewed by Xue who gave his
input on the draft including adding Clause 7 (at [23]) providing for Zhuhai to
be the place of performance. The first defendant, at the plaintiff’s request,
was designated the payee of the purchase price, including the deposit of $3m.
The plaintiff then signed the LOI.

30 The plaintiff paid the $3m deposit on 4 August 2016 into the first
defendant’s bank account. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Jonathan Chee Sze Chiang’s affidavit dated 21 April 2017 at para 45; Leon
Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 33.

31 On 8 August 2016, ZCC received a letter of demand dated 7 August 2016
addressed to its shareholders from the buyers alleging that the shareholders
had failed to disclose KCC’s contingent liabilities; the buyers demanded
compensation amounting to 20% of their purchase price. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 35.

On 16 August 2016, Leon Chen forwarded the buyers’ letter of demand to the
plaintiff via email. His email’s subject matter in Mandarin was “Pointing out
legal risks”.

32 The defendants denied the plaintiff’s allegation that they made the Further
Representations as set out in [27] above. They contended that the
contemporaneous documents told a different story. The defendants claimed that
when Leon Chen notified the plaintiff of the buyers’ letter of demand, neither
the plaintiff nor Dentons raised any concerns or were alarmed over the turn of
events. Instead, the plaintiff requested clarification on the ET Agreement and
that ZCC grant a power of attorney to Xue and his team at Dentons to act on
behalf of ZCC in respect of all law suits, arbitration proceedings and
potential claims in which ZCC was involved; ZCC acceded to the request. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 36.

33 Between 20 and 24 August 2016, Chee called Leon Chen to say that having
consulted Xue, he was not worried about the Account Receivable. Separately,
Xue advised Chee on 23 August 2016 that the dispute on the ET Agreement was
controllable and that the buyers were trying to take advantage of the
misfortunes of ZCC and KCC. This was repeated by Xue in the presence of Chee
and the plaintiff’s marketing manager to Bill Lu and Leon Chen. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 38.

34 On 19 August 2016, Guangdong Jiatong wrote to the plaintiff to say that the
plaintiff had yet to provide any funds to ZCC for it to maintain its normal
operations. The plaintiff was advised that it was required to sign the final
share transfer agreement by 15 September 2016 and to pay within three days
thereafter US$2.6m towards the purchase price of ZCC shares. Notwithstanding
the outright sale of ZCC shares to the plaintiff, the defendants’ case was
that it was the plaintiff’s request that ZCC continued its operations. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 40.

35 The plaintiff agreed to pay US$2.6m by 15 September 2016 as the defendants
requested but asked that the share transfer agreement by signed by 19
September 2016 to accommodate Chee’s schedule. The plaintiff paid the US$2.6m
requested on or about 14 September 2016. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 41.

36 Between 4 August and 18 September 2016, the parties exchanged draft
transfer agreements through their solicitors. The first draft was prepared by
Dentons and contained clause 11.5 which states: 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 44, Exhibit CPS-1, pp
146-248.

Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution

11.5.1 The formation, validity, interpretation and performance of the
Agreement shall be governed by the laws and regulations of the People’s
Republic of China,

11.5.2 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall
be settled by the parties through amicable negotiations. If the dispute cannot
be resolved amicably through negotiations within fifteen (15) days after the
dispute has arisen, either party shall have the right to submit it to the
South China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for
arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules in force at that time.
The place of arbitration shall be Shenzhen. The arbitral award shall be final
and legally binding upon the parties.

The above clause remained in all subsequent drafts of the transfer agreement.

37 The defendants pointed out that none of the Representations or Further
Representations pleaded in the statement of claim appeared in the draft
transfer agreement. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

1st defendant’s submissions at para 35.

38 Eventually, the share transfer agreement fell through as the plaintiff
disputed that it was obliged to bear ZCC’s daily operating expenses prior to
the execution of the share transfer agreement whereas the defendants contended
the plaintiff was liable to do so under the LOI with effect from 1 July 2016.
By Bill Lu’s email dated 30 September 2016, ZCC shareholders indicated they
were prepared to compromise on this issue by bearing certain specific expenses
incurred by ZCC in the period July to September 2016. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Leon Chen’s affidavit dated 7 February 2017 at para 45.

39 It was the defendants’ case that the plaintiff unilaterally withdrew from
the acquisition of ZCC’s shares by Xue’s email dated 14 October 2016. The
plaintiff sought a refund of the total sum of US$5.6m it had paid. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

1st defendant’s submissions at para 37.

40 On or about 17 October 2016, the first defendant refunded the plaintiff the
sum of US$2.6m but refused to refund the deposit of US$3m. The defendants took
the position that the plaintiff was in breach of contract and the defendants
had thus forfeited the deposit in accordance with the deposit penalty rule in
Chinese law. Hence, the plaintiff’s claim for unjust enrichment.

41 In support of the defendants’ applications, the defendants relied on an
opinion of the plaintiff’s Chinese law expert Dong Chungang (“Dong”) dated 3
May 2017 (“Dong’s opinion”). 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Dong Chungang’s affidavit dated 27 April 2017 at pp 18-45.

Dong is a partner in a Beijing law firm and is also a member of the New York
Bar. Dong’s opinion in essence stated:

(a) The LOI is a legally binding contract under PRC law;

(b) The Representations and Further Representations are actionable under
People’s Republic of China (‘PRC”) law;

(c) The plaintiff’s claim for unjust enrichment is actionable under PRC law;
and

(d) The plaintiff would have to pierce the corporate veil under Article 20 of
the Company Law of the PRC in order to hold the second defendant personally
liable to the plaintiff under PRC law.

The defendants submitted that it was implicit in Dong’s opinion that Dong
accepted that Chinese law is applicable to the plaintiff’s claim. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

1st defendant’s submissions at para 40.

42 Dong’s opinion referred to Article 532 of the Interpretation of the Supreme
People’s Court Concerning the Application of Civil Procedure Law of the PRC
(“Article 532”) to support his view that a PRC court may dismiss an action and
instruct a plaintiff to file the case in a foreign court which is more
convenient to hear the case. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Dong’s opinion at para 38.

Such instances would include (i) the fact that the case does not involve the
interests of PRC’s citizens, legal persons or other organisations; (ii) the
main facts in dispute did not occur within the territory of the PRC and the
governing law of the case is not the laws of the PRC.

43 Dong inter alia opined that the plaintiff’s claim for the return of US$3m
was the major dispute and revolved around a transfer of shares in ZCC, a
Chinese legal entity and the performance of the LOI. He said that in reality
the actual transferees were the three shareholders of ZCC, one of whom, namely
the first defendant, was the majority shareholder which is a Singapore
company. He opined that the issue of whether the deposit of US$3m should be
repaid to the plaintiff is a matter between two Singapore companies, one being
the payer and the other the payee of the amount. As the major facts of the
case took place in Singapore, Singapore law should apply. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Dong’s opinion at paras 40-45.

Dong pointed to the fact that the share transfer agreement was never signed.
Hence, the arbitration clause (cl 11.5) in the drafts of the share transfer
agreement (at [36]) was not enforceable. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Dong’s opinion at para 57.

44 While fraudulent misrepresentation and unjust enrichment are actionable
under PRC law, Dong pointed out that PRC courts rely primarily on documentary
evidence which must be produced by the claiming party. He added that there is
no process of discovery or disclosure under PRC law. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Dong’s opinion at para 76.

45 Dong’s opinion concluded with his view that the PRC courts are forum non
conveniens to hear this case.

46 The defendants challenged his view as it was inherently contradictory since
Dong had already stated that the LOI was binding under PRC law.

47 The defendants also obtained an expert legal opinion from a retired
Guangdong judge called Peng Shiquan (“Peng”). The opinion was dated 24 March
2017 (“Peng’s opinion”) and a supplementary opinion from him was dated 5 June
2017 (“Peng’s supplementary opinion”). In Peng’s opinion, 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Peng’s opinion (Tan Teng Muan’s affidavit dated 18 April 2017, Exhibit TTM-2,
pp 5-26).

he stated that Article 23 read with Article 265 of the Civil Procedure Code of
the PRC provided that the people’s court in the place where the contract is
signed or performed shall have jurisdiction in the case of an action
concerning a contract dispute brought against a defendant who has no domicile
within the PRC. Hence, it was the defendants’ contention that by reason of
clause 7 (at [23]) of the LOI, which stated that the place of the performance
of the LOI to be Zhuhai, it was implied that the parties had agreed to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Chinese courts.

48 Needless to say, Peng’s supplementary opinion took issue with Dong’s views.
In Peng’s supplementary opinion, he pointed out that notwithstanding that
there is no common law discovery regime under Chinese law, Article 63 of the
Civil Procedure Law of the PRC (“the CP Law”) stipulates that other
types/forms of evidence receivable by the courts include witness testimony. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Peng’s supplementary opinion (Tan Teng Muan’s affidavit dated 7 June 2017,
Exhibit TTM-4, pp 5-23) at pp 1-2.

Moreover, Articles 111 to 113 of the CP Law provides for situations where, if
a party who bears the burden of proof has evidence to prove that the opposing
party holds relevant evidence, it can apply to the people’s court to order the
opposing party to produce the relevant evidence. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Peng’s supplementary opinion at p 3.

49 Peng’s supplementary opinion also criticised Dong’s opinion on the latter’s
views on Article 532 contending that the plaintiff’s claim did not satisfy all
the provisions therein so as to warrant a Chinese court to dismiss it in
favour of a foreign court. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Peng’s supplementary opinion at pp 5-7.

The court will return to Article 532 later (see [61] below).

50 The defendants took the position that even under common law principles, the
same conclusion would be reached – that Chinese courts would have exclusive
jurisdiction. In this regard, the defendants relied inter alia on:

(a) The “substance” test and the “three stage approach” in JIO Minerals FZC
and Others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“JIO Minerals”);

(b) The fact that the place of the tort took place in China as the alleged
Representations and Further Representations were made in Zhuhai; and

(c) The negotiations and due diligence leading up to the 1 August meeting all
took place in Zhuhai.

51 In arguing against a stay of the Suit, the plaintiff contended that:

(a) The US$3m deposit was paid into the first defendant’s bank account in
Singapore and it is a Singapore company;

(b) The plaintiff is also a Singapore company;

(c) Although the second defendant is a resident of Taiwan, she has a strong
personal connection to Singapore in view of her influence and position as a
director of a Singapore-incorporated entity. She owed fiduciary duties to the
first defendant under the Companies Act in Singapore;

(d) It was merely fortuitous that the receipt of the Representations and the
execution of the LOI took place in a meeting in Zhuhai. The location of the
meeting was unimportant and was merely a matter of administrative convenience.
Correspondence showed that Leon Chen and other officers of ZCC were willing to
travel to Singapore for meetings with the plaintiff. Therefore, an inference
should be drawn that the parties did not ascribe any special significance to
Zhuhai as a meeting location;

(e) Although Chee received the Representations on 1 August 2016 in Zhuhai,
Chee relied on them in Singapore by communicating with the plaintiff’s
employees in Singapore and instructing them to pay the US$3m deposit into the
first defendant’s bank account (citing UBS AG v Telesto Investments Ltd [2011]
4 SLR 50 in support);

(f) Upon receiving the Further Representations in Singapore, the plaintiff
relied on them and paid the US$2.6m advance payment to the first defendant in
Singapore;

(g) Applying the specific rule in JIO Minerals, since both the receipt and
reliance of the Further Representations took place in Singapore, Singapore is
the place of the tort corresponding to the Further Representations;

(h) In an execution list prepared by Leon Chen on or around 21 June 2016, he
had provided a payment schedule setting out the instalment payments due from
the buyers up until 30 September 2016 for the full sum of RMB132,500.00;

(i) Leon Chen’s communications by emails or telephone calls were received in
Singapore;

(j) Singapore law governs the plaintiff’s claims in misrepresentation and
unjust enrichment;

(k) The LOI did not amount to a share transfer agreement as it was merely a
document that recorded the parties’ agreement to continue negotiations for the
plaintiff to purchase the entire shareholding in ZCC. One main purpose of the
LOI was to secure payment of a deposit from the plaintiff in order to continue
negotiations between the parties and the plaintiff’s due diligence exercise.
The commercial purpose of the LOI pointed in favour of Singapore;

(l) Little weight should be placed on clause 7 of the LOI and it should be
narrowly interpreted as being applicable to only certain clauses in the LOI
that pertained to ZCC’s operations in China such as clauses 2, 3 and 5.

The decision

52 It is noteworthy that the plaintiff’s statement of claim only referred to
the LOI and studiously avoided mention of the aborted share transfer
agreement. The latter document was never signed but its drafts were relevant
for the purpose of determining the parties’ intentions in particular on their
choice of law and the intended place of arbitration (as reflected in clause 11
at [36] above).

53 Equally noteworthy (as was pointed out by the first defendant) was the fact
that the plaintiff’s claim based on the LOI was not framed in contract but in
tort coupled with a claim for equitable relief. Why was that the case? The
first defendant surmised it was a deliberate choice as, had the plaintiff
relied on the LOI to frame its claim in breach of contract, it would have had
great difficulty in overcoming clause 7 (at [23] which provided for the place
of performance to be Zhuhai).

54 The court granted the defendants’ applications as it was clear that based
on the two-stage test propounded by the House of Lords in Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”) (a case cited by all
three parties and which was recently reaffirmed by our Court of Appeal in
Rappo Tania v Accent Delight International Ltd [2017] 2 SLR 265) (“Accent
Delight”) and the three-pronged approach laid out by our Court of Appeal in
JIO Minerals, the plaintiff’s claim should more appropriately be heard by the
Chinese courts in Zhuhai.

55 The two-stage test in Spiliada can succinctly be stated as follows:

(a) The court will first determine whether prima facie, there is some other
available forum that is more appropriate for the case to be tried;

(b) If the court concludes that prima facie there is a more appropriate
alternative forum, the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nonetheless be granted.

The burden of proof in (a) is on the defendant while that in (b) is on the
plaintiff.

56 In JIO Minerals (cited by all parties), the appellate court applied (at
[79]) a three pronged approach to determine the governing law of a contract:

(a) The court considers if the contract expressly states its governing law
(“the Express Law”);

(b) If the contract is silent, the court proceeds to the second stage and
considers whether it can infer the governing law from the intention of the
parties (“the Implied Law”);

(c) If the court is unable to infer the parties’ intentions, it moves to the
third stage and determines the law which has the closest and most real
connection with the contract (“the Objective Law”).

57 Applying JIO Minerals here, as the share transfer agreement was never
signed, there was no Express Law under the first approach. This court then
proceeded to the second approach to determine the Implied Law. In this regard,
the court took into account the following factors:

(a) The plaintiff intended to purchase a Chinese company ZCC;

(b) All meetings and/or negotiations leading to and the signing of the LOI
(which is in Mandarin) were done in Zhuhai;

(c) The plaintiff’s lawyers Dentons are from Zhuhai and so too are the
defendants’ lawyers Guangdong Jiatong;

(d) Due diligence on ZCC was done in Zhuhai;

(e) The plaintiff appointed a firm of valuers from Zhuhai called Dongguan
Hualien Asset Appraisal to value the assets of ZCC and the Hong Kong branch of
DBS as its advisers;

(f) The aborted share transfer agreement was drafted in Mandarin and clause 11
therein (at [36]) contemplated that the applicable law would be PRC law with
the venue for resolution of disputes by arbitration being Shenzhen;

(g) The alleged Representations and Further Representations by Leon Chen and
Bill Lu were made in China;

(h) The key witnesses for the parties who would testify in court proceedings
would be Chee, Leon Chen, Bill Lu, Xue and the second defendant. Save for
Chee, the other material witnesses are all based in China; and

(i) Other possible witnesses such as the buyers and the plaintiff’s valuers
are all from China whilst representatives from DBS are from Hong Kong.

58 Against all the above factors pointing to China as the place where all the
connecting factors took place and hence PRC law was the applicable law by
implication, the plaintiff could only point to one tangible fact connected to
Singapore – the US$3m deposit was paid by the plaintiff into the first
defendant’s bank account in Singapore. That factor was not significant when
viewed in the light of all the factors in [57] that pointed overwhelmingly to
China as the more appropriate forum for the determination of this dispute. The
twelve factors proffered by the plaintiff in [51] above as pointing to
Singapore as the more appropriate forum were unconvincing. Moreover, as was
pointed out in Accent Delight (at [70]), “it is the quality of the connecting
factors that is crucial in this analysis, rather than the quantity of factors
on each side of the scale”.

59 As the defendants had crossed the threshold of the first stage of the
Spiliada test (at [55](a)) in satisfying the court that prima facie China was
a more appropriate forum, the burden shifted to the plaintiff under the second
stage of Spiliada (at [55](b)) to convince the court that notwithstanding that
China was a more appropriate forum, justice required that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted. The plaintiff was unable to satisfy the second
stage of the test in Spiliada or the third prong of the approach in JIO
Minerals and it could not persuade this court that Singapore should be the
appropriate jurisdiction for this dispute.

60 The plaintiff had argued that it would be deprived of juridical advantages
available in Singapore proceedings in the form of the discovery and witness
testimony if a stay was granted in favour of Chinese courts. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 151.

It was contended that the juridical advantages were of particular importance
as the misrepresentations were made verbally by the first defendant to the
plaintiff. However, it is noteworthy that the plaintiff’s own legal expert
Dong had opined (see [41]) that the plaintiff’s claims in misrepresentation
and unjust enrichment are actionable under PRC law while the supplementary
opinion of the defendants’ expert Peng stated that the lack of common law
discovery under PRC law is mitigated by Article 63 of the CP Law (at [48])
which stipulates that other types/forms of evidence receivable by the Chinese
courts include witness testimony. In any case, the appellate court in Accent
Delight had this to say (at [109]) on the issue of juridical advantage:

… The fact that a plaintiff would have a “legitimate juridical advantage” if
it is allowed to proceed in Singapore is not a decisive factor (see
Brinkerhoff at [35(f)]). Prof Yeo Tiong Min states in Halbury’s (at para
75.097) that “differences in procedure and remedies will generally be
irrelevant and not having the benefit of the procedures or remedies of the
forum will not by itself amount to denial of substantial justice”.

61 As was indicated earlier (at [49]), I return now to Article 532. It states:

Where a foreign-related civil case simultaneously meets all the following
conditions, a people’s court may rule to reject the lawsuit and instruct the
parties to file the lawsuit with a foreign court which is more convenient:

(1) the defendant raises a request that the case shall be under the
jurisdiction of a foreign court which is more convenient, or raises an
objection to the jurisdiction;

(2) there is no agreement on the choice of jurisdiction of a court of the
People’s Republic of China between the parties involved;

(3) the case is not under the exclusive jurisdiction of a court of the
People’s Republic of China;

(4) the case does not involve the interests of the State, citizens, legal
persons or other organizations of the People’s Republic of China;

(5) the major facts over which the case has disputes did not occur within the
territory of the People’s Republic of China, and the laws of the People’s
Republic of China are not applicable to the case, as well as there are
significant difficulties in the determination of facts and application of
laws; and

(6) a foreign court has jurisdiction of the case, and it is more convenient
for the foreign court to hear the case.

It cannot be disputed that the requirements in (4) and (5) of Article 532 are
not met here as: (i) the case does involve the interests of an organization of
the PRC, ie, ZCC; (ii) the major facts in the dispute all occurred within the
territory of the PRC, and (iii) it is this court’s view that by implication,
the laws of the PRC are applicable to the case.

62 At this juncture, I will also address one issue that was raised in the
first defendant’s arguments – that the plaintiff should have but did not join
the remaining shareholders of ZCC to the Suit. The plaintiff’s answer to this
argument was that there was no necessity to do so because:

(a) The other shareholders were not party to the LOI;

(b) There was no evidence that the other shareholders received any portion of
the deposit of US$3m; and

(c) According to the first defendant’s own evidence (that of Leon Chen in his
first affidavit), the second defendant, being the legal representative of the
first defendant, had the mandate from ZCC’s shareholders to represent them in
the intended disposal of their shares to interested buyers. Further, the other
two minority shareholders (Zhuhai Guanyao Paper and Kunshan LitaXiang) had
given a power of attorney to the first defendant.

63 It is not necessary for this court to determine this issue for the
defendants’ application as it should more appropriately be decided by the
Zhuhai courts under PRC law, although I would have thought that all
shareholders of a takeover target should properly be party to proceedings
involving a dispute between the seller(s) and the buyer(s).

64 The plaintiff had also submitted that a transfer of the Suit to the
Singapore International Commercial Court (“SICC”) would be appropriate as the
transfer requirements under O 110 r 12(4) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5
2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) were met. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s submissions at para 90.

The relevant provisions under O 110 r 12(4) of the Rules state:

(4) Subject to paragraph (3B), a case may be transferred from the High Court
to the Court only if the following requirements are met:

(a) the High Court considers that –

(i) the requirements in Rule 7(1)(a) and (c) are met; and

(ii) …

(iii) it is more appropriate for the case to be heard in the Court;

(b) either –

(i) a party has, with the consent of all other parties, applied for the
transfer in accordance with Rule 13; or

(ii) the High Court, after hearing the parties, orders the transfer on its own
motion.

65 Order 110 r 7(1)(a) of the Rules state:

Jurisdiction (O. 110, r. 7)

7.—(1) The Court has the jurisdiction to hear and try an action if —

(a) the claims between the plaintiffs and the defendants named in the
originating process when it was first filed are of an international and
commercial nature;

…

66 The first defendant’s response to the plaintiff’s submission was to rely on
the following extract from the appellate court’s decision in Accent Delight
(at [124]):

We would emphasise that the possibility of a transfer to the SICC should not
be considered by plaintiffs as a free pass to elude all jurisdictional
objections to the adjudication of a dispute in Singapore. Like all arguments
on forum non conveniens, a submission that the possibility of a transfer to
the SICC weighs in favour of an exercise of jurisdiction by the Singapore
courts must be grounded in specificity of argument and proof by evidence. A
plaintiff must articulate the particular quality or feature of the SICC that
would make it more appropriate for the dispute to be heard in Singapore by the
SICC, as well as prove that the dispute is of a nature that lends itself to
the SICC’s capabilities. It is also relevant for the court to consider whether
the Transfer Requirements are likely to be satisfied. If, for example, the
plaintiff fails even to show a prima facie case that the dispute is of an
“international and commercial” nature, we do not think its reliance on the
possibility of a transfer to the SICC should be given any weight whatsoever.

(emphasis in bold)

67 Quite apart from the defendants’ objection, this court could not see any
“international” flavour in a commercial dispute that involved two Singapore
entities and a Taiwanese national. Moreover, there is no judge in the SICC who
is familiar with or well versed in Chinese law. Further, the documentation in
this case is largely in Chinese.

68 To conclude, the determinant for the defendants’ application was whether
any of the connecting factors pointed to a jurisdiction “in which the case may
be tried more suitably for the interests of all the parties and the ends of
justice” (per Lord Goff in Spiliada at 476). It was this court’s view that in
applying the test, the appropriate jurisdiction in this case would be China,
not Singapore.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Koh Kia Jeng and Geraldine Yeong Kai Jun (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the plaintiff;  
Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for 1st defendant;

Anna Oei Ai Hoea and Deannier Yap (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for 2nd defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

