Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 32

Suit No 539 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 295 of 2016)

Between

K.V.C. Rice Intertrade Co., Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Asian Mineral Resources Pte. Ltd.  
---  
  
… Defendant

Suit No 541 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 296 of 2016)

Between

Tanasan Rice Co., Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Asian Mineral Resources Pte. Ltd.  
---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Arbitration] — [Stay of court proceedings] — [Mandatory stay under
International Arbitration Act] — [Terms for grant of stay]

[Arbitration] — [Singapore International Arbitration Centre] — [Appointing
authority]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
K.V.C. Rice Intertrade Co Ltd

  
v

  

Asian Mineral Resources Pte Ltd and another suit

  

  

[2017] SGHC 32

High Court — Suit No 539 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 295 of 2016)  
High Court — Suit No 541 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 296 of 2016)  
Pang Khang Chau JC  
19 September 2016  

23 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Pang Khang Chau JC

Introduction

1 This case concerns two registrar’s appeals (“the RAs”) in two separate suits
(“the Suits”) that were heard together before me. The Suits each concern an
international contract containing a bare arbitration clause, ie, an
arbitration clause which specifies neither the place of arbitration nor the
means of appointing arbitrators. As a result, the plaintiffs faced
difficulties getting an arbitration underway in the absence of cooperation
from the defendant. This led them to commence the Suits. The defendant applied
to stay proceedings in the Suits in favour of arbitration and the learned
assistant registrar granted the stays without imposing any conditions.

2 Since the relevant provisions of the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) apply only when the place of arbitration is
Singapore, a bare arbitration clause which fails to designate the place of
arbitration raises questions regarding the extent to which the Singapore
courts and the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”), in its
capacity as the default appointing authority under the IAA, are able to
support and facilitate an arbitration pursuant to such a clause. This in turn
raises the question of whether a clause of this nature should be considered
“null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed” for the purposes
of s 6(2) of the IAA. The principal issue presented in this case is neatly
summarised in the following observation from Nigel Blackaby et al, Redfern and
Hunter on International Arbitration (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009)
(“Redfern and Hunter”), at para 4.43:

… A clause that fails to provide either for an effective method of
constituting the arbitral tribunal, or for the place of arbitration, may turn
out to be inoperable. It is likely to lead to the claimant being unable to
enforce the arbitration agreement. If a claimant takes its case to a national
court, it may be met by an application for a stay of the proceedings on the
grounds of the existence of an arbitration clause. At best there is
considerable potential for delay. At worst, there is the possibility that the
claimant may find there is no effective remedy at all, since the courts will
refuse to entertain an action and the arbitration clause is defective.

[emphasis added]

The parties

3 The defendant in both of the Suits is Asian Mineral Resources Pte. Ltd.
(“Asian Mineral”), a company incorporated in Singapore. The plaintiff in Suit
No 539 of 2016 is K.V.C. Rice Intertrade Co., Ltd (“KVC Rice”) while the
plaintiff in Suit No 541 of 2016 is Tanasan Rice Co. Ltd (“Tanasan Rice”).
Both plaintiffs are companies incorporated in Thailand. Although they are
represented by the same counsel, I was informed by the plaintiffs’ counsel
that KVC Rice and Tanasan Rice are not related companies.

Background

4 The facts in both of the Suits are practically identical. The disputes arose
out of contracts under which the plaintiffs each agreed to sell 5,000 metric
tons of rice to Asian Mineral, to be delivered directly from Thailand to
Benin, Africa. The terms of the two contracts are practically identical. The
main differences are the price and one word in the arbitration clauses.

5 The plaintiffs each shipped the rice in five consignments. All ten
consignments arrived in Benin on or about 10 January 2015. Asian Mineral paid
for the first four consignments under each contract but withheld payment for
the fifth consignments. The reason given by Asian Mineral for withholding
payment was that it had reached oral agreements separately with KVC Rice and
Tanasan Rice for a 15% discount off the total contract price under each
contract. For KVC Rice’s contract, this discount would have reduced the
outstanding payment from USD 441,000 to USD 73,500. For Tanasan Rice’s
contract, this discount would have reduced the outstanding payment from USD
430,884.20 to USD 69,206.65. KVC Rice and Tanasan Rice both denied ever giving
such discounts.

6 Asian Mineral did not tender the alleged discounted sums of USD 73,500 to
KVC Rice and USD 69,206.65 to Tanasan Rice. Instead, Asian Mineral claimed not
to have received the fifth consignment under either contract because the
plaintiffs had, in breach of contract, sold the fifth consignments to third
parties without informing Asian Mineral. Both plaintiffs denied having sold
their respective fifth consignments to third parties. They maintained that the
fifth consignments under their respective contracts were duly delivered to
Asian Mineral’s agent in Benin.

The Relevant Arbitration Clauses

7 KVC Rice’s contract with Asian Mineral contains the following arbitration
clause (cl 12):

The Seller and the Buyer agree that all disputes arising out of or in
connection with this agreement that cannot be settled by discussion and mutual
agreement shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration as per
Indian Contract Rules.

The arbitration clause in Tanasan Rice’s contract with Asian Mineral, also cl
12, is identical to that in KVC Rice’s contract except that, instead of the
word “Indian”, the word “Singapore” is used. These arbitration clauses provide
neither for the place of the arbitration nor the law applicable to the
arbitration. They also contain no provisions specifying the number of
arbitrators or the mechanism for constituting the arbitral tribunal. Further,
neither contract contains a governing law clause.

8 While it may seem odd that a contract between a Thai company and a Singapore
company to deliver rice from Thailand to Benin should refer to “Indian
Contract Rules”, and neither counsel provided any explanation for this, I note
that the two directors who gave evidence on behalf of Asian Mineral in these
proceedings are Indian nationals. On a related note, while plaintiffs’ counsel
submitted that both contracts were drafted by Asian Mineral, Asian Mineral’s
counsel made it a point to state categorically during arguments that this is
not admitted by Asian Mineral.

Attempts by plaintiffs to pursue arbitration

KVC Rice’s attempts to pursue arbitration

9 According to the plaintiffs’ counsel, after numerous telephone conversations
and exchanges of Whatsapp messages between KVC Rice and Asian Mineral failed
to resolve their dispute, KVC Rice engaged the services of the plaintiffs’
counsel, who issued a letter of demand on 10 September 2015 to Asian Mineral.
Asian Mineral responded through its counsel on 30 September 2015 disputing KVC
Rice’s claim. After further exchanges of correspondence on 4 and 6 November
2015, the plaintiffs’ counsel wrote to Asian Mineral’s counsel on 18 November
2015 to propose commencement of arbitration. The letter made the following
points:

(a) The arbitration clause in the contract between KVC Rice and Asian Mineral
“has no meaning given that ‘Indian Contract Rules’ do not exist”.

(b) KVC Rice did not see any point arbitrating in India given the fact that it
is based in Thailand and Asian Mineral is based in Singapore.

(c) KVC Rice therefore proposed that both sides agree to arbitrate in
Singapore, with Singapore law as the law applicable to the arbitration.

(d) KVC Rice proposed Mr Jaya Prakash of Pandisea Pte Ltd as the sole
arbitrator.

(e) The proposed arbitration between KVC Rice and Asian Mineral should be
consolidated with the proposed arbitration between Tanasan Rice and Asian
Mineral, so as to save time and costs.

10 On 11 December 2015, Asian Mineral’s counsel replied as follows:

2\. Our clients do not agree to your client’s request for clause 12 to be
amended or replaced with the clause as set out at paragraph 5 of your 18
November Letter. In this regard and for the avoidance of doubt, our clients do
not agree to your request for any arbitration proceedings commenced pursuant
to the said clause to be heard on an ad hoc basis before Mr. Jaya Prakash as
sole arbitrator in Singapore.

3\. Our clients do not agree to your client’s request at paragraph 7 of your
18 November Letter for the consolidation of the arbitral proceedings for this
matter and for the matter concerning the dispute between Tanasan Rice Co Ltd
since the parties to both proceedings are different.

There was no counterproposal from Asian Mineral on how to move forward with
the arbitration.

Tanasan Rice’s attempts to pursue arbitration

11 According to the plaintiffs’ counsel, like KVC Rice, Tanasan Rice made
several unsuccessful attempts to resolve its dispute with Asian Mineral
through telephone conversations and Whatsapp messages. These were followed by
e-mails sent on 4 July 2015 and 7 August 2015 making demands for payment.
Tanasan Rice then engaged the plaintiffs’ counsel, who issued a letter of
demand on 1 September 2015. Asian Mineral responded through its counsel on 28
September 2015 disputing Tanasan Rice’s claim. After further exchanges of
correspondence on 27 October and 6 November 2015, the plaintiffs’ counsel
wrote to Asian Mineral’s counsel on 13 November 2015 to propose commencement
of arbitration. The letter made the following points:

(a) The phrase “Singapore Contract Rules” in the arbitration clause possibly
referred to the contract law of Singapore.

(b) Tanasan Rice therefore interpreted the arbitration clause in its contract
with Asian Mineral as providing for ad hoc arbitration in Singapore with
Singapore law to apply.

(c) Tanasan Rice proposed Mr Jaya Prakash of Pandisea Pte Ltd as the sole
arbitrator.

12 On 11 December 2015, Asian Mineral’s counsel replied as follows:

2\. Our clients do not agree to your clients’ proposal for any arbitration
proceedings commenced pursuant to the said clause to be heard on an ad hoc
basis before Mr. Jaya Prakash as sole arbitrator.

13 The plaintiffs’ counsel replied on 16 December 2015 as follows:

2\. We note the position taken by your clients in relation to our client’s
proposal and note that your clients have also failed to provide any form of
counterproposal.

3\. Your clients are hereby put on notice that our clients will be commencing
proceedings in the Singapore Courts. This has been necessitated by your
client’s wholly unreasonable position taken with respect to our clients’
proposal to refer matters to arbitration and our clients therefore reserve
their right to seek the costs of any stay application your clients may make on
a full indemnity basis.

14 Asian Mineral’s counsel replied on 13 January 2016 asserting that it had
the right to reject Tanasan Rice’s proposal because the arbitration clause
“does not stipulate the identity or the number of arbitrator(s) to be
appointed”. The same letter also claimed that it was “premature” to commence
arbitration because the arbitration clause required all disputes to be first
“settled by discussion and mutual agreement”.

15 The plaintiffs’ counsel replied on 14 January 2016 that the precondition
for arbitration had been met since lengthy discussions had already taken place
between parties. In the same letter, Tanasan Rice also offered to meet for
discussions on 29 or 30 January 2016.

16 Asian Mineral’s counsel replied on 27 January 2016 (two days before the
meeting dates proposed by Tanasan Rice) counter-proposing dates in March 2016.
The plaintiffs’ counsel replied the next day counter-proposing a meeting on
either 4 or 5 February 2016 instead. Asian Mineral replied on 3 February 2016
(one day before the new meeting dates proposed by Tanasan Rice) rejecting
Tanasan’s proposed meeting dates.

17 Up until the commencement of the Suits, the meetings had not taken place.

The parties’ arguments in the registrar’s appeals

18 Under s 6 of the IAA, if a party to an arbitration agreement commences
court proceedings concerning a dispute to which the arbitration agreement
applies, the court is required to stay the proceedings unless it is satisfied
that the arbitration agreement is “null and void, inoperative or incapable of
being performed”. The plaintiffs’ counsel submitted that the suits should not
be stayed as the arbitrations clauses in both contracts are incapable of being
performed. Referring to the two arbitrations clauses as “pathological
clauses”, the plaintiffs’ counsel argued that:

(a) The phrases “arbitration as per Singapore Contract Rules” and “arbitration
as per Indian Contract Rules” do not refer to any existing or known set of
procedural rules;

(b) The arbitration clauses did not designate a seat or governing law for the
arbitration; and

(c) It is therefore impossible to give effect to the intention of the parties
or commence an arbitration that is within their contemplation.

19 In relation to KVC Rice’s contract (which contains an arbitration clause
providing for “arbitration as per Indian Contract Rules”), the plaintiffs’
counsel tendered a legal opinion dated 7 January 2016 by an Indian law firm
which advised that no arbitration under KVC Rice’s contract would lie in India
nor would any Indian Courts entertain any applications for arbitration by
either of the parties under Indian arbitration law. (As an aside, I was
informed that, on 12 August 2016 (ie, after the stays of proceedings were
granted and before the hearing of the RAs), Asian Mineral proposed to the
plaintiffs to have both disputes resolved by ad hoc arbitration in India. This
proposal was not accepted by the plaintiffs. It struck me as slightly odd that
Asian Mineral should propose arbitration in India given the unrebutted legal
opinion from an India law firm tendered by the plaintiffs’ counsel.)

20 The plaintiffs’ counsel also submitted, in the alternative, that if the
stays of proceedings were to be upheld, the court should impose conditions on
the stays so as to ensure that arbitration can proceed unhindered despite the
defects in the arbitration clauses. As for the types of conditions to be
imposed, the plaintiffs’ counsel initially proposed that the court should
impose the following conditions:

(a) Parties to appoint a sole arbitrator;

(b) Failing agreement on appointment of the sole arbitrator, parties be at
liberty to request the court to appoint the arbitrator;

(c) Seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore;

(d) The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in Singapore;

(e) The arbitration be administered under the auspices of the Singapore
Chamber of Maritime Arbitration;

(f) Alternatively, the arbitration be administered under the auspices of the
SIAC; and

(g) Language of arbitration shall be English.

21 I indicated to the parties that this list of conditions proposed by the
plaintiffs was a non-starter, as it amounted to completely rewriting the
arbitration agreement for the parties. In the end, the plaintiffs’ counsel
pared the list down to just one condition – that the arbitration should
proceed on the basis that Singapore law is the law applicable to the
arbitration, but without prejudice to the arbitrator’s jurisdiction to decide
on a different applicable law after he is seised of the arbitration. The
plaintiffs’ counsel explained that he needed the court to impose at least this
condition, so that he could rely on the provisions of the IAA to have the
arbitrator appointed by the SIAC if the parties cannot agree on the
arbitrator.

22 The plaintiffs’ counsel explained, from the bar, that he was informed by
the SIAC that it would not act as appointing authority on the basis of these
two arbitration clauses unless both parties agree for the SIAC to play such a
role. While I do not doubt plaintiffs’ counsel’s statement in this regard, I
was not provided with any record or detailed description of what transpired
between plaintiffs’ counsel and SIAC. I am therefore unable to draw a firm
conclusion as to the SIAC’s exact position on the matter.

23 Asian Mineral’s counsel submitted that:

(a) The arbitration clauses are not unworkable;

(b) Even though the arbitration clauses are devoid of details, such details
could be agreed between the parties or be resolved via mechanism available
under the law;

(c) In particular, Art 11 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”), as incorporated into Singapore law
by the IAA, provides for the President of the Court of Arbitration of the SIAC
(“the SIAC President”) to appoint the arbitrator if parties cannot agree on
the arbitrator;

(d) The unconditional stay should therefore be upheld and there is no basis
for the court to impose any conditions on the stay.

The issues to be decided

24 Section 5(2)(a) of the IAA provides that an arbitration is “international”
if at least one of the parties to the arbitration agreement has its place of
business outside Singapore. As the plaintiffs have their places of business
outside Singapore, the stay applications in these proceedings are governed by
the IAA and not by the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“AA”). Section 6
of the IAA provides:

6.—(1) Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an
arbitration agreement to which this Act applies institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

[emphasis added]

25 As the parties are in agreement that the disputes between them fall within
the scope of the arbitration clauses under the respective contracts, it is not
in dispute that s 6(1) of the IAA applies in this case. Consequently, a stay
of court proceedings in favour of arbitration is mandatory pursuant to s 6(2)
of the IAA unless the court is satisfied that the arbitration clauses are
“null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed”.

26 The phrase “null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed” is
taken from Art 8(1) of the Model Law, which provides:

A court before which an action is brought in a matter which is the subject of
an arbitration agreement shall, if a party so requests not later than when
submitting his first statement on the substance of the dispute, refer the
parties to arbitration unless it finds that the agreement is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed.

The Model Law, in turn, adopted this phrase from Art II(3) of the Convention
on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York, 1958)
(the “New York Convention”), which provides:

The court of a Contracting State, when seized of an action in a matter in
respect of which the parties have made an agreement within the meaning of this
article, shall, at the request of one of the parties, refer the parties to
arbitration, unless it finds that the said agreement is null and void,
inoperative or incapable of being performed.

27 The phrase “null and void” is generally understood to refer to the
situation in which there is simply no binding arbitration agreement between
the parties. As for the distinction between “inoperative” and “incapable of
being performed”, the following commentary in Redfern and Hunter, at para
2.182, on Art II(3) of the New York Convention is instructive:

At first sight it is difficult to see a distinction between the terms
‘inoperative’ and ‘incapable of being performed’. However, an arbitration
clause is inoperative where it has ceased to have effect as a result, for
example, of a failure by the parties to comply with a time limit, or where the
parties have by their conduct impliedly revoked the arbitration agreement. By
contrast, the expression ‘incapable of being performed’ appears to refer to
more practical aspects of the prospective arbitration proceedings. It applies,
for example, if for some reason it is impossible to establish the arbitral
tribunal.

Given that the plaintiffs’ complaints concern the practical impossibility of
establishing the arbitral tribunal in the absence of the defendant’s
cooperation, as opposed to the existence, validity or binding effect of the
arbitration clauses, the plaintiffs’ counsel has rightly focused his arguments
on the phrase “incapable of being performed”.

28 To appreciate the plaintiffs’ claim that the arbitration clauses are
“incapable of being performed”, it is necessary to set out more clearly the
practical difficulties posed by the two bare arbitration clauses in question.
I will do so by first discussing the phenomenon of bare arbitration clauses
before zooming in on the difficulties surrounding the application of Art 11(3)
of the Model Law (regarding the appointment of the arbitral tribunal) to the
two clauses.

The phenomenon of bare arbitration clauses

29 A well-drafted arbitration clause typically provides for the place of the
arbitration, the number of arbitrators and the method for establishing the
arbitral tribunal (see, eg, the SIAC Model Clause on the SIAC website or the
UNCITRAL Model Clause set out in the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules). Having said
that, an arbitration clause which fails to provide for such details is not
void or invalid. The definition of “arbitration agreement” in s 4(1) of the AA
and s 2A(1) of the IAA merely requires it to be “an agreement by the parties
to submit to arbitration all or certain disputes which have arisen or which
may arise between them in respect of a defined legal relationship, whether
contractual or not”. Therefore, a bare arbitration clause which merely
provides for submission of disputes to arbitration without specifying the
place of the arbitration, the number of arbitrators or the method for
establishing the arbitral tribunal remains a valid and binding arbitration
agreement if the parties have evinced a clear intention to settle any dispute
by arbitration. As the Court of Appeal stated in Insigma Technology Co Ltd v
Alstom Technology Ltd [2009] 3 SLR(R) 936 (“Insigma”) at [31]:

… where the parties have evinced a clear intention to settle any dispute by
arbitration, the court should give effect to such intention, even if certain
aspects of the agreement may be ambiguous, inconsistent, incomplete or lacking
in certain particulars (see Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore, vol 2 (LexisNexis,
2003 Reissue, 2003) at para 20.017) so long as the arbitration can be carried
out without prejudice to the rights of either party and so long as giving
effect to such intention does not result in an arbitration that is not within
the contemplation of either party.

30 However, where the bare arbitration clause relates to an international
contract, practical difficulties may be encountered in getting the arbitral
tribunal established. Let me explain why the practical difficulties with which
this case is concerned are confined to international contracts. Both the AA
and IAA contain provisions for the SIAC President to step in as the statutory
appointing authority to appoint arbitrators where parties fail to agree on the
appointment of arbitrators (see s 13 of the AA and Art 11(3) of the Model Law
as incorporated into Singapore law by s 3(1) of the IAA). This means that, in
a case to which either s 13 of the AA or Art 11(3) of the Model Law applies,
the absence of provisions concerning the establishment of the arbitral
tribunal would not pose significant difficulties because the parties can
invoke the statutory mechanisms under s 13 of the AA or Art 11(3) of the Model
Law for the SIAC President to step in to make the necessary appointments.
However, the catch is that s 13 of the AA and Art 11(3) of the Model Law will
apply only if the place of arbitration is Singapore (see s 3 of the AA and Art
1(2) of the Model Law). While this poses no problem in the case of arbitration
clauses expressly designating Singapore as the place of arbitration, the same
clarity is absent when it comes to bare arbitration clauses which provide for
neither the place of arbitration nor the law applicable to the arbitration.

31 In this regard, bare arbitration clauses may be divided into the following
categories:

Category (a) – arbitration clauses in contracts where all relevant connecting
factors, eg., place of business of the parties and place of performance of
contract, point unequivocally to Singapore as the place of arbitration;

Category (b) \- arbitration clauses in contracts where all relevant connecting
factors point unequivocally to some country other than Singapore as the place
of arbitration; and

Category (c) – arbitration clauses where the relevant connecting factors point
in different directions and it is unclear whether Singapore is the place of
arbitration.

The first two categories pose no real difficulties. For category (a), the lack
of any foreign connecting factors means that the arbitration is governed by
Singapore law and the arbitration would be a domestic arbitration to which s
13 of the AA applies. For category (b), it would be clear that neither s 13 of
the AA nor Art 11(3) of the Model Law as enacted in the IAA applies, and the
parties should look to the courts or statutory appointing authority of some
other country to assist with the establishment of the arbitral tribunal.

32 The arbitration clauses in both KVC Rice’s contract and Tanasan Rice’s
contract fall into category (c), as the connecting factors in both cases point
in different directions - seller based in Thailand, buyer based in Singapore,
performance in Thailand and Benin, and payment in Singapore. As explained at
[35]-[36] below, in the case of a bare arbitration clause falling within
category (c), the place of arbitration is unclear until the arbitral tribunal
is established and makes a ruling on the matter. I turn now to explain the
particular difficulties that may arise in relation to bare arbitration clauses
falling within category (c).

Applicability of the default mechanism under IAA for appointing arbitrators
when place of arbitration is unclear or not yet determined

33 Art 11(3) of the Model Law, as enacted in the IAA, provides that:

(a) in an arbitration with three arbitrators, each party shall appoint one
arbitrator, and the two arbitrators thus appointed shall appoint the third
arbitrator; if a party fails to appoint the arbitrator within thirty days of
receipt of a request to do so from the other party, or if the two arbitrators
fail to agree on the third arbitrator within thirty days of their appointment,
the appointment shall be made, upon request of a party, by the court or other
authority specified in Article 6;

(b) in an arbitration with a sole arbitrator, if the parties are unable to
agree on the arbitrator, he shall be appointed, upon request of a party, by
the court or other authority specified in Article 6.

[emphasis added]

Section 8 of the IAA provides that the competent authority specified for the
purposes of Art 6 of the Model Law to perform the functions under Art 11(3) is
the SIAC President.

34 The combined effect of Art 11(3) of the Model Law and s 8 of the IAA is
that, where an arbitration clause does not provide a mechanism for breaking a
deadlock between parties on the appointment of arbitrators, the SIAC President
can step in to make the necessary appointment if parties are not able to agree
on the sole arbitrator or presiding arbitrator, as the case may be. The power
of the SIAC President is not confined to SIAC-administered arbitrations. This
is a statutory power applicable to all arbitrations in Singapore (except where
excluded by the parties’ agreement or by applicable procedural rules).

35 While the application of Art 11(3) presents no problem in cases where it is
clear that the place of the arbitration is Singapore, the applicability of Art
11(3) is open to question in the case of a bare arbitration clause which does
not designate the place of arbitration. This is because Article 1(2) of the
Model Law provides that:

The provisions of this Law, except Articles 8, 9, 35 and 36, apply only if the
place of arbitration is in the territory of this State. [emphasis added]

Since Art 11 is not one of the provisions excepted from the ambit of Article
1(2), the SIAC President may act pursuant to Art 11(3) only if the place of
arbitration is Singapore. What then, of that those cases whether the place of
arbitration is unclear or not yet determined?

36 According to the Report of UNCITRAL on the Work of its Eighteenth Session
(A/40/17, 21 August 1985) (“18th UNCITRAL Report”), at para 80 (reproduced in
Howard M. Holtzmann and Joseph E. Neuhaus, A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law
on International Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary
(Kluwer Law International, 1989) (“Holtzmann & Neuhaus”), at p 131):

… As to the question of extending the applicability of articles 11, 13, and 14
to the time before the place of arbitration was determined, some support was
expressed for such an extension since it was important to provide court
assistance in the cases where parties could not reach an agreement on the
place of arbitration. However, the prevailing view was that the model law
should not deal with court assistance to be available before the determination
of the place of arbitration. In support of the prevailing view it was stated
that neither the place of business of the claimant nor the place of business
of the defendant provided an entirely satisfactory connecting factor for the
purpose of determining whether court assistance should be provided. Moreover,
a provision of that kind in the model law might interfere with other rules on
court jurisdiction. It was also pointed out that even without such an
extension of the applicability of the model law a party might be able to
obtain court assistance under laws other than the model law. …

[emphasis added]

It is therefore clear that the drafters of the Model Law did not intend Art 11
to constitute a complete and exhaustive code on curial or official assistance
in the appointment of arbitrators. For this reason, the drafters appeared
content to limit the application of Art 11 to cases where the place of
arbitration had already been selected. They did so in the belief that, in a
case where the place of arbitration had not yet been determined, parties could
look to provisions in domestic law for assistance.

37 Such provisions in domestic law exist in a number of countries, including
England, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Czech Republic and the
United States (see Gary Born, International Commercial Arbitration (Kluwer Law
International, 2nd Ed, 2014) (“International Commercial Arbitration”) at pp
1730, 1731 and 2105). For example, s 2(4) of the English Arbitration Act 1996
provides:

(4) The court may exercise a power conferred by any provision of this Part not
mentioned in subsection (2) or (3) for the purpose of supporting the arbitral
process where—

(a) no seat of the arbitration has been designated or determined, and

(b) by reason of a connection with England and Wales or Northern Ireland the
court is satisfied that it is appropriate to do so.

Another example is Article 1505 of the French Code of Civil Procedure, which
provides:

In international arbitration, and unless otherwise stipulated, the judge
acting in support of the arbitration shall be the President of the Tribunal de
grande instance of Paris when:

(1) the arbitration takes place in France; or

(2) the parties have agreed that French procedural law shall apply to the
arbitration; or

(3) the parties have expressly granted jurisdiction to French courts over
disputes relating to the arbitral procedure; or

(4) one of the parties is exposed to a risk of a denial of justice.

[English translation taken from Jan Paulsson and Lise Bosman (eds), ICCA
International Handbook on Commercial Arbitration, (Kluwer Law International
1984) (“ICCA Handbook”), Supplement No. 64 (May 2011) at p 11]

[emphasis added in bold italics]

38 Unfortunately, the IAA does not contain similar provisions. It would
therefore appear, at first blush, that no default mechanism is available under
Singapore law to assist with the establishment of the arbitral tribunal in the
case of bare arbitration clauses coming within category (c). If this is
correct, the plaintiffs may find it impossible to operationalise the
arbitration clauses in their respective contracts and set the arbitration in
motion without Asian Mineral’s cooperation.

Definition of the Issues

39 Therefore, the first issue which arises for determination is whether,
notwithstanding the absence of express provisions in the IAA empowering the
SIAC President or the court to make appointments in cases where the place of
arbitration is unclear or not yet determined, avenues exist under Singapore
law to break a deadlock between parties concerning the appointment of the
arbitral tribunal. If the answer to the first issue is “yes”, then it would be
possible to have the arbitral tribunals established pursuant to the
arbitration clauses in question without Asian Mineral’s cooperation.
Consequently, there would be no obstacles in the way of the proposed
arbitrations and thus no room at all for saying that the arbitration clauses
in question are “incapable of being performed”.

40 If the answer to the first issue is “no”, the next issue which arises for
determination will be whether the inability to establish the arbitral tribunal
without the cooperation of the defendant renders the arbitration clauses in
question “incapable of being performed” for the purposes of s 6 of the IAA.

The standard of review for stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration

41 In Tomolugen Holdings Ltd v Silica Investors Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 373, the
Court of Appeal held at [63]-[64] that:

63 … We agree that a Singapore court should adopt a prima facie standard of
review when hearing a stay application under s 6 of the IAA. In our judgment,
a court hearing such a stay application should grant a stay in favour of
arbitration if the applicant is able to establish a prima facie case that:

(a) there is a valid arbitration agreement between the parties to the court
proceedings;

(b) the dispute in the court proceedings (or any part thereof) falls within
the scope of the arbitration agreement; and

(c) the arbitration agreement is not null and void, inoperative or incapable
of being performed.

64 Once this burden has been discharged by the party applying for a stay, the
court should grant a stay and defer the actual determination of the arbitral
tribunal’s jurisdiction to the tribunal itself. The court will only refuse to
grant a stay when it is clear on the evidence placed before it that one or
more of the above three requirements have not been satisfied. The arbitral
tribunal’s determination of its jurisdiction will nonetheless remain subject
to overriding court supervision in the form of an appeal under s 10(3) of the
IAA against the arbitral tribunal’s jurisdictional ruling, or in proceedings
for setting aside or refusing enforcement of the award rendered by the
arbitral tribunal (see, respectively, s 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model
Law, and s 31 of the IAA).

42 Thus the standard of review to be applied in the present application for
stay is the prima facie standard. Therefore, in evaluating the first issue, I
will be examining whether a prima facie case has been established that avenues
exist to break a deadlock between parties concerning the appointment of the
arbitral tribunal. In evaluating the second issue, I will be examining whether
a prima facie case has been established that the inability to establish the
arbitral tribunal without the cooperation of Asian Mineral does not render the
arbitration clauses in question “incapable of being performed”.

Issue 1 – Whether avenues exist under Singapore law to break a deadlock
between parties concerning the appointment of the arbitral tribunal where the
place of arbitration is unclear or not yet determined

43 The first issue can be broken down into two sub-issues as follows:

(a) whether the IAA allows the SIAC President to appoint the arbitral tribunal
where the place of arbitration is unclear or not yet determined; and

(b) if the SIAC President is unable to act, whether other mechanisms exist
under Singapore law to break a deadlock between parties concerning the
appointment of the arbitral tribunal where the place of arbitration is unclear
or not yet determined.

Sub-Issue 1(a) - Whether the IAA allows the SIAC President to appoint the
arbitral tribunal where the place of arbitration is unclear or not yet
determined

44 As discussed above, the power conferred by Art 11(3) of the Model Law on
the SIAC President may only be exercised where Singapore is the place of
arbitration. While this means that the SIAC President cannot act in a case
where it is clear that the place of arbitration is not Singapore, it does not
necessarily follow that the SIAC President is powerless to assist in cases
where the place of arbitration is unclear or not yet determined.

The view in favour of the SIAC President having the power to act

45 As the statutory appointing authority, the SIAC President has a statutory
duty to carry out the role assigned to him by Art 11(3) of the Model Law in
all cases coming within the scope of Art 11(3). It may therefore be argued
that, in order to fulfil this statutory duty, the SIAC President will need to
ascertain for himself whether the statutory duty applies in any particular
case coming before him. Nothing in the IAA suggests that, in doing so, the
SIAC President is confined to simply analysing the words of the arbitration
agreement. To the contrary, in order to fulfil the purpose contemplated in the
IAA, the SIAC President is entitled to seek more information from the parties
and examine the underlying contract for connecting factors pointing to one
jurisdiction or another in cases where it is not clear on the face of the
arbitration agreement where the place of arbitration is. After all, the SIAC
President’s duty is triggered (as part of the Model Law’s general
applicability under Art 1(2)) if “the place of arbitration is in the territory
of [Singapore]”, and not only if the place of arbitration is stated to be in
the territory of Singapore.

46 If one were to accept that, in a case where the place of arbitration is
unclear or not yet determined, the SIAC President can enquire into whether the
statutory duty under Art 11(3) of the Model Law applies, the question which
follows would be the standard of review to be applied in such an enquiry.

47 While an appointing authority is required to satisfy itself of its
jurisdiction to make an appointment before stepping in to do so, it stands to
reason that the standard of review to be applied by an appointing authority
for determining the existence of its jurisdiction to make an appointment would
be much lower than the standard of review adopted by an arbitrator for
determining the arbitrator’s jurisdiction to conduct the arbitration. This is
because:

(a) the appointing authority, unlike the arbitrator, is performing an
administrative and not an adjudicatory function;

(b) the appointing authority will not have the facilities and is not expected
to conduct hearings and examine witnesses for the purposes of deciding whether
it has jurisdiction to make an appointment; and

(c) the primary responsibility for determining questions such as the
existence, validity and interpretation of an arbitration agreement (including
the place of the arbitration and the applicable law) rests with the
arbitrator. It would be a usurpation of the arbitrator’s role and a waste of
time and expenses if the appointing authority were required to examine these
issues to the same extent and using the same standard as the arbitrator.

48 For the foregoing reasons, an appointing authority should only need to be
satisfied that there is a prima facie case that it has the jurisdiction to
act. Support for this view may be found in Robert Merkin and Johanna
Hjalmarsson, Singapore Arbitration Legislation: Annotated (Informa Law from
Routledge, 2nd Ed, 2016) which cited Hong Kong case law and opined, in its
commentary on Art 11, that “[p]resumably the [SIAC President] has to be
satisfied that there is a prima facie case that an arbitration agreement
exists” (at p 136). Similarly, International Commercial Arbitration states at
p. 1729 that:

It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that a court may consider
jurisdictional objections prior to exercising its authority to appoint an
arbitrator (under Article 11 of the UNCITRAL Model Law or parallel provisions
of other national arbitration legislation). Before exercising judicial
authority to enforce and implement a putative agreement to arbitrate, a
national court both can and should confirm, at least on a prima facie basis,
that such an agreement in fact exists; any other approach inappropriately
involves an exercise of public, judicial authority without any inquiry into
whether there is any basis for such action.

Although this passage from International Commercial Arbitration refers to
national courts exercising powers of appointment under Art 11 of the Model
Law, there is no reason why it should not apply to non-judicial authorities
empowered to make appointments under Art 11 of the Model Law. Further, while
these two passages discussed the standard of review for determining the
existence of jurisdiction under Art 11 of Model Law from the paradigm of the
existence or otherwise of an agreement to arbitrate, there is no reason why
the standard of review should be any different when the issue of jurisdiction
under Art 11 turns on the existence or otherwise of an agreement on the place
of arbitration.

49 If the foregoing line of reasoning is accepted, it will not be difficult
for this court to accept that the SIAC President will be able to make the
necessary appointments in the present case, as explained at [51]-[57] below.

(1) Possible approaches towards interpreting the two arbitration clauses

50 To recapitulate, the arbitration clauses read:

The Seller and the Buyer agree that all disputes arising out of or in
connection with this agreement that cannot be settled by discussion and mutual
agreement shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration as per
[Indian Contract Rules / Singapore Contract Rules].

There are three possible ways of construing the phrase “as per Indian Contract
Rules” or “as per Singapore Contract Rules” in the arbitration clauses, none
of which are completely satisfactory:

(a) the phrase could be construed as subjecting the arbitration to the
arbitral laws of India or Singapore, as the case may be;

(b) the phrase could be construed as subjecting the underlying purchase
contract to the contract laws of India or Singapore, as the case may be; or

(c) the phrase could be regarded as one which lacks any intelligible meaning,
and which should thus be disregarded when construing the arbitration clauses.

51 Against the first approach, it may be said that a reference to
“Indian/Singapore Contract Rules” is clearly not a reference to
“Indian/Singapore arbitration laws”.

52 Against the second approach, it appears somewhat incongruent for a choice
of law provision applicable to the entire contract to be tucked into the tail
end of a single-sentence arbitration clause. While I am aware that a number of
arbitral institutions recommend model arbitration clauses which provide an
option for parties to spell out the choice of substantive law in a separate
sub-clause, I note that none of them suggest merging the choice of substantive
law into the very same sentence that creates the obligation to arbitrate. In
the light of this, the second approach seems implausible. The second approach
is made even less plausible by the use of the phrase “resolved by arbitration
as per …”, which to my mind is more naturally followed by a noun indicating
the procedural as opposed to the substantive law.

53 The third approach is not without precedent. It is well known and accepted
that courts will disregard meaningless words in arbitration clauses in order
to construe such clauses in a workable manner (see, eg, Lucky-Goldstar
International (HK) Ltd v Ng Moo Kee Engineering Ltd [1993] 1 HKC 404 and HKL
Group Co Ltd v Rizq International Holdings Pte Ltd [2013] SGHCR 5). If the
first and second approaches do not find favour, and no other sensible meaning
can be attributed to the words, then the third approach should be used.

54 It is not necessary for this court to form a settled view as to which of
these three approaches is to be preferred. It will be for the arbitrator (or
the arbitrator in each arbitration, if the two disputes are separately
arbitrated), after he is appointed, to interpret the arbitration clauses and
determine how the reference to “Indian Contract Rules” or “Singapore Contract
Rules” influences his decision on the applicable law. The purpose of the
present enquiry is to assess whether the SIAC President is likely to be able
to act as the statutory appointing authority in respect of each clause, which
I shall proceed to examine in turn.

(A) The contract with Tanasan Rice

55 The arbitration clause in Tanasan Rice’s contract provides for arbitration
“as per Singapore Contract Rules”. Applying the three possible approaches
discussed at [51]–[54] above:

(a) If the phrase “as per Singapore Contract Rules” is construed as subjecting
the arbitration to Singapore arbitration law, the SIAC President will have
jurisdiction to make appointments under Art 11(3) of the Model Law because
Singapore arbitration law applies;

(b) If the phrase “as per Singapore Contract Rules” is read as subjecting the
purchase contract to Singapore contract law, this should be regarded as an
implied choice of Singapore law as the law applicable to the arbitration (see
Piallo GmbH v Yafriro International Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 1028 at [20], Cassa
di Risparmio di Parma e Piacenza SpA v Rals International Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR
79 at [76] and BCY v BCZ [2016] SGHC 249 at [65]). The same result as in (a)
above should therefore obtain; and

(c) If the phrase “as per Singapore Contract Rules” is disregarded, there
still appears to be sufficient material for the SIAC President to form a prima
facie view that the law applicable to the arbitration is Singapore law. Asian
Mineral is incorporated in Singapore and any award against it would, one
presumes, be likely to be enforced in Singapore.

Therefore, under any of the three approaches discussed above, there are ample
materials for the SIAC President to conclude that a prima facie case for the
applicability of Art 11(3) of the Model Law has been made out.

(B) The contract with KVC Rice

56 The arbitration clause in KVC Rice’s contract provides for arbitration “as
per Indian Contract Rules”. Without pre-empting the SIAC President’s decision,
it would appear to me that, when considering the three competing approaches
discussed above, it would be open to the SIAC President to form the prima
facie view that the third approach is to be preferred and, from there, to
reach the same prima facie determination as at [56(c)] above.

The view against the SIAC President having the power to act

57 One possible objection to the view in favour of the SIAC President having
the power to act in the present case is that this would pre-empt and usurp the
arbitral tribunal’s authority to determine the place of arbitration. This
objection may be addressed by recalling that the SIAC President’s prima facie
enquiry is undertaken for the limited purpose of ascertaining whether he
should exercise his powers of appointment and does not bind the arbitral
tribunal. It remains open to the arbitral tribunal, after undertaking a full
review of the matter, to come to a different view from the SIAC President on
the place of arbitration.

58 A second possible objection is that it would appear to be inconsistent with
the travaux préparatoires of the Model Law (or “travaux” for short) quoted at
[37] above for the SIAC President to undertake such an enquiry. According to
this objection, the drafters of the Model Law had intended that “the model law
should not deal with court assistance [which, in the context of Art 11(3),
would include assistance of the statutory appointing authority] to be
available before the determination of the place of arbitration” (Holtzmann &
Neuhaus at p 131). Therefore, it could be argued that, unless the SIAC
President can point to another source of power besides Art 11(3) of the Model
Law, it would not be legitimate for the SIAC President to make appointments
while the place of arbitration remains unclear or not yet determined.

59 While s 4 of the IAA permits references to be made to the travaux for the
purposes of interpreting the Model Law, it is important, when referring to the
travaux, to treat the travaux as a guide to the object and purpose of the
provisions of the Model Law and not take isolated phrases from the travaux out
of context to be parsed as though they are words in a statute. A closer
reading of the travaux will reveal that it is not inconsistent with the
sentiments of the drafters of the Model Law for the SIAC President to
undertake a limited enquiry for the purposes of checking whether an express or
implied designation of the place of arbitration could be discerned, prima
facie, from the parties’ agreement.

60 In this regard, we begin the examination of the travaux with the meeting of
UNCITRAL held on 6 June 1985, which was reported in the 18th UNCITRAL Report,
at paras 107-110 as follows (reproduced in Holtzmann & Neuhaus, at pp.
131-132):

107\. As agreed in the context of the discussion on the territorial scope of
application and any possible exceptions thereto (see above, paras. 76-77), the
Commission considered whether court assistance in the appointment process, as
provided for in article 11(3), 11(4) and 11(5), should be made available even
before the place of arbitration was determined, since it was the determination
of the place of arbitration which triggered the general applicability of the
(model) law in a State that had enacted it.

108\. Under one view, the model law need not contain any such provision since
it was difficult to find an acceptable connecting factor and, above all, there
was no pressing need in view of the infrequency of cases where parties had
agreed neither on a place of arbitration nor on an appointing authority and
since even in such rare cases the existing applicable law or laws might come
to their assistance with a coherent system.

109\. The prevailing view, however, was that a practical problem existed and
the model law should provide for such assistance in order to facilitate
international commercial arbitration by enabling the diligent party to secure
the constitution of the arbitral tribunal. As to which should be the
connecting factor, the following proposals were made: (a) place of business of
defendant, (b) place of business of claimant, (c) place of business of either
claimant or defendant.

110\. The Commission, after deliberation, tentatively concluded that a State
adopting the model law should make available the services of its Court
referred to in article 6 for appointing an arbitrator under article 11 in
those cases where the defendant had his place of business in “this State” and,
possibly, in those cases where the claimant had his place of business in “this
State,” provided that the court in the defendant's country did not perform
that function.

[emphasis added]

61 Thus the prevailing view in UNCITRAL at the meeting on 6 June 1985 was that
the Model Law should provide for the application of Art 11 in cases where the
place of arbitration had not yet been determined. After the 6 June 1985
meeting, the UNCITRAL Secretariat drafted a provision which read:

… articles 11, 13 and 14 apply even where the place of arbitration is not yet
determined, provided that the respondent [or the claimant] has his place of
business in the territory of this State.

This draft was discussed at UNCITRAL’s meeting on 19 June 1985, the report of
which I have reproduced at [37] above and quoted from at [59] above. But this
report is not the only official record of the said meeting. UNCITRAL also
published, as part of its official records, a summary record of each meeting
of the UNCITRAL setting out in gist what each participant at the meeting had
said. The summary record of the 19 June 1985 meeting (reproduced in Holtzmann
& Neuhaus at pp. 125-128), shows that:

(a) The Italian representative spoke strongly in favour of the new draft
provision and proposed that the relevant connecting factor should be the place
of business of the respondent.

(b) The United States representative agreed with the Italian representative
that it would be useful if the Model Law could provide for cases where the
parties had not agreed on the place of arbitration. However, he could not
agree that the connecting factor should be the respondent’s place of business.
(He had favoured using the claimant’s place of business as the connecting
factor at the meeting on 6 June 1985). He reluctantly concluded that, without
a working group to deal with the complexities of the problem, it was not
feasible come to a decision on the draft provision.

(c) The Soviet Union representative expressed regret that so little time was
left to deal with this very important issue. (19 June 1985 was the last and
final day of substantive discussions on the Model Law at UNCITRAL. Thereafter,
the drafting group met on 20-21 June 1985 to clean up the draft Model Law, and
the Model Law was formally adopted by UNCITRAL on 21 June 1985.) He expressed
agreement with the United States representative that “the case where the place
of arbitration had not yet been agreed upon should remain outside the scope of
the model law”.

(d) The Tanzania representative shared the Soviet Union representative’s
regret that there was not sufficient time to study the implications of the
present issues.

(e) The Japanese representative indicated that he “agreed with the Soviet
Union representative that if the place of arbitration were not yet decided,
rather than declare that court assistance was not available under articles 11,
13 and 14, it would be better to leave the matter to the law of the State
concerned” [emphasis added].

62 The foregoing survey of the individual views expressed by the drafters of
the Model Law at the 19 June 1985 meeting helps to throw light on the
sentiments sought to be expressed by the phrase “model law should not deal
with court assistance to be available before the determination of the place of
arbitration” in the 18th UNCITRAL Report quoted at [59] above. Read with the
foregoing context in mind, it is clear that the drafters of the Model Law did
not take a firm policy position against allowing the courts or statutory
appointing authority to appoint arbitrators during the period where the place
of arbitration was unclear or not yet determined. On the contrary, there
appeared to be general agreement that, as a matter of policy preference, such
powers should be available. In the end, no provision along these lines were
adopted because the drafters could not agree on the connecting factors to be
used in determining which countries’ courts or statutory appointing
authorities should exercise the powers under Art 11(3) of the Model Law during
the period where the place of arbitration was unclear or not yet determined.
It is therefore evident, from the summary record of the 19 June 1985 meeting,
that the clear sentiment of the drafters were that the Model Law should not be
regarded as precluding the courts or statutory appointing authority from doing
so.

Conclusion on Sub-Issue 1(a)

63 As the applicable standard of review is the prima facie standard (see [43]
above), it is not necessary, for present purposes, for me to reach a firm
conclusion on which of the two views outlined above is to be preferred.
Instead, the question which I need to resolve is whether a prima facie case
exists in favour of the view that the SIAC President is able to act. Based on
the analysis at [46]-[63] above, I am persuaded that this question should be
answered in the affirmative.

64 In any event, the foregoing analysis may be of secondary importance given
the position adopted by Asian Mineral in these proceedings. Specifically,
Asian Mineral’s counsel argued, both in written submissions and during oral
argument before me, that the SIAC can indeed appoint the arbitrator in the
absence of mutual agreement on the present facts. This point was made in the
course of Asian Mineral’s counsel’s attempts to persuade me that the
arbitration clauses were workable and that the stays should therefore not be
lifted. Having adopted that position before me to its own benefit, I would not
expect Asian Mineral to resile from it in correspondence with the SIAC
subsequently. On that assumption, it appears to me that there are no obstacles
in the way of SIAC President making the necessary appointments in the event
that parties cannot reach agreement on the appointment of the arbitrator.

65 For the foregoing reasons, I find that Sub-Issue 1(a) should be answered in
the affirmative.

Sub-Issue 1(b) - Whether other mechanisms exist under Singapore law to break a
deadlock between parties concerning the establishment of the arbitral tribunal
where the place of arbitration is unclear or not yet determined

66 Notwithstanding the conclusion I reached on Sub-Issue 1(a) above, I
appreciate that, as alluded to at [64] above, it remains possible for the SIAC
President to take the view that he has no power to act. I therefore turn now
to consider, in the alternative, whether other mechanisms exist under
Singapore law to break a deadlock between parties concerning the appointment
of the arbitral tribunal where the place of arbitration is unclear or not yet
determined, in the event that the SIAC President declines to act.

67 As a matter of first impression, I would think that, in any jurisdiction
with a strong policy in favour of arbitration, the courts should have the
residual jurisdiction to assist with the appointment of arbitrators as a last
resort, to ensure that the parties’ intention to have their dispute settled by
arbitration is not defeated. In this regard, it has been observed in
International Commercial Arbitration at p 1733 that:

… In cases where the parties have not agreed upon an arbitral seat (or the lex
arbitri), the absence of arbitration legislation in any state permitting the
judicial appointment of an arbitrator could prevent constitution of an
arbitral tribunal. Just as judicial overreaching can disrupt the arbitral
process, so judicial unwillingness to deal with such “orphan” cases could do
so as well.

In those rare cases where the parties have not agreed upon an arbitral seat,
or a mechanism for selecting a seat, then national courts with the closest
connection to the parties’ transaction should have and should exercise the
authority to appoint an arbitrator. One classic example of such a case arose
in French courts, in National Iranian Oil Co. v. State of Israel, where the
parties had neither agreed upon an arbitral seat nor a procedural law of the
arbitration. …

[emphasis added]

68 The French case cited in the foregoing passage is the famous case of
National Iranian Oil Co v State of Israel, Judgment of 29 March 2001, 17(6)
Mealey’s International Arbitration Reports A-1 (2002) (Paris Court of Appeal).
In that case, the parties had an arbitration clause that specified that the
claimant and the respondent would each nominate one arbitrator. The two
arbitrators were then to agree to nominate a third arbitrator, failing which
the President of the International Chamber of Commerce in Paris was to appoint
the third arbitrator. However, the clause did not designate a place of
arbitration or a procedural law and provided no way to break the deadlock
which resulted when the respondent refused to nominate an arbitrator.

69 Had Art 1505(4) of the French Code of Civil Procedure (see [38] above)
existed at the time the case was decided, it would have provided a statutory
basis for the court to step in. But the case pre-dated the enactment of the
said Art 1505(4), and the relevant provision at the time, Art 1493(2), read as
follows:

If in an arbitration taking place in France or subjected by the parties to
French procedural law difficulties arise in the constitution of the arbitral
tribunal, the interested party may bring the matter before the President of
the Tribunal de Grande Instance of Paris as provided in Art. 1457, unless the
parties agree otherwise.

[English translation taken from ICCA Handbook, Supplement No. 58 (March 2010)
at p 9]

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Neither precondition set out in the provision had been met. There was a
connecting factor with France in that the appointing authority for the
presiding arbitrator was physically located in France, but this was not a
recognised basis under the statute. Thus, the court faced some difficulty
finding a way forward. As summarised in International Commercial Arbitration
(at p 1733):

The French courts initially declined to appoint an arbitrator (when the
respondent refused to make its nomination of a co-arbitrator), because then-
applicable Article 1493(2)’s jurisdictional requirements were not satisfied.
Nonetheless, when it became clear that the claimant could not obtain judicial
appointment of an arbitrator in Israel, the French courts reconsidered the
matter and, relying on the fact that the appointing authority for the
presiding arbitrator was physically located in France, appointed the requested
co-arbitrator.

This allowed the tribunal to be constituted and the arbitration to proceed,
despite the lack of a statutory basis for the appointment.

70 In Judgment of 1 February 2005, National Iranian Oil Co. v. Israel, 3 Rev.
Int’l Arb. 693, 694 (2005), the First Civil Division of the French Court of
Cassation dismissed Israel’s appeal from the Paris Court of Appeal’s decision
and explained that:

[T]he impossibility for a party to access the court (or arbitral tribunal)
entrusted with the settlement of that party’s claim to the exclusion of all
other state jurisdictions, and thus to exercise a right pertaining to
international public policy, established by the principles of international
arbitration and Art. 6(1) of the European Convention on Human Rights, is a
denial of justice justifying the international jurisdiction of the president
of the Paris Court of First Instance within the context of the state court’s
mission to assist and cooperate in the constitution of an arbitral tribunal
when there is a connection with France.

[English translation taken from International Commercial Arbitration at p
1731, fn 537]

Thus, the court was empowered to act “if no other means of appointing an
arbitrator and permitting the arbitration to proceed appeared to exist” (see
International Commercial Arbitration at p 1731).

71 Although this reasoning emanated from a civil law jurisdiction and drew
support from European human rights law, its fundamental logic appears to me to
be sound and consistent with Singapore’s public policy (which includes strong
support for the smooth functioning of international arbitration) and
jurisprudence (which recognises the common law right – or, if not a right, at
least a vital guiding principle – of access to justice, including the maxim
ubi jus ibi remedium). For this reason, I would think that, in a case where
there was truly no other way to prevent injustice to a would-be claimant, a
Singapore court would be prepared to step in to directly appoint an
arbitrator, provided the dispute had some connection with Singapore. While it
would not be open to a Singapore court to adopt wholesale the reasoning of the
French courts (in particular, the reasoning based on European human rights
law), I am of the view that such a decision could be justified either on the
basis of contract law (by applying the principles of interpretation
articulated by the Court of Appeal in Insigma at [30]-[34], with the
appropriate use of implied terms, if needed) or as an exercise of the court’s
inherent jurisdiction to prevent injustice.

72 One possible objection to the Singapore courts doing so lies in the fact
that, in enacting Art 11(3) of the Model Law as part of Singapore law, s 8(1)
of the IAA expressly excluded the courts from exercising the powers under Art
11(3) of the Model Law to appoint arbitrators where parties fail to agree. The
question therefore arises as to whether s 8(1) of the IAA has the effect of
stripping the courts of all residual jurisdiction to come in aid of
arbitration through the appointment of arbitrators. An answer to this question
can be found in the Hong Kong High Court’s decision in Comtec Components Ltd v
Interquip Ltd [1998] HKCFI 803 (“Comtec”). In that case, the plaintiff
resisted an application for stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration by
arguing that the arbitration agreement was “incapable of being performed”
because the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (“HKIAC”) had in August
1996 declined to appoint an arbitrator as they were “not satisfied that prima
facie the parties have signed a contract with an Arbitration clause”. In
granting the stay, Findlay J noted that the law had changed since August 1996,
dispensing with the need for an arbitration agreement to be signed, and held
at [9]-[10]:

There is no reason to believe that, under the new law, the HKIAC would regard
an agreement signed by the parties as necessary.

In any event, I do not believe that the initial refusal by the HKIAC to make
an appointment makes the arbitration agreement incapable of being performed.
The parties are free to agree on an arbitrator. If they cannot do so, they
should approach the HKIAC once more; it may be persuaded to reconsider its
attitude in the light of the changed law. This is especially so now that an
arbitrator has the power to rule on his own jurisdiction, including in respect
of the existence and validity of the agreement. In the last resort, this
court, I believe, has a residuary jurisdiction to make an appointment to
implement the intention of the parties that their disputes should be resolved
by arbitration.

[emphasis added]

73 Like Singapore, Hong Kong had, in enacting Art 11(3) of the Model Law,
excluded the Hong Kong courts from exercising the powers of appointment under
Art 11(3) and reposed those powers exclusively in the HKIAC (see s 13(2) of
Hong Kong’s Arbitration Ordinance). Given that Comtec was decided under
statutory provisions that are in pari materia with the relevant provisions of
the IAA, I would respectfully adopt Findlay J’s opinion that the courts retain
“a residuary jurisdiction to make an appointment to implement the intention of
the parties that their disputes should be resolved by arbitration”.

Conclusion on Sub-Issue 1(b)

74 In the light of the foregoing, I conclude that, even in a situation where
the SIAC President declines to appoint the arbitrators for whatever reason,
the court retains a residual jurisdiction to ensure that the arbitration under
both the KVC Rice contract and the Tanasan Rice contract may proceed
notwithstanding any deadlock between the parties on the appointment of
arbitrators. Sub-issue 1(b) should therefore also be answered in the
affirmative.

Issue 2 - Whether the inability to establish the arbitral tribunal without the
cooperation of the defendant renders the arbitration clauses in question
“incapable of being performed”

75 Case law and scholarly commentary have proffered various views on how the
phrase “incapable of being performed” should be applied. Some commentators
have observed there are generally two tests, one narrower and one broader, to
be found in the literature – see. e.g., the following passage from Michael
Pryles, “The Kaplan Lecture 2009” (2010) 27 Journal of International
Arbitration 105, at 115:

Mustill and Boyd describe “incapable of being performed” in the following
terms:

“Incapable of being performed” connotes something more than mere difficulty or
inconvenience or delay in performing the arbitration. There must be some
obstacle which cannot be overcome even if the parties are ready, able and
willing to perform the agreement: for example, where the mechanism for
constituting the tribunal breaks down in a way which the Court has no ability
to repair, or where a sole arbitrator named in the agreement cannot or will
not act. The fact that the claim is time-barred does not in itself render the
arbitration incapable of being performed: the arbitration can proceed,
although it will inevitably result in the claim being dismissed. Where the
effect of the time lift is not to bar the claim but merely to bar the right to
arbitrate the position is, however, less clear. It might be argued in such a
case that the arbitration agreement was not “incapable of being performed,”
but merely “incapable of being invoked.” But we consider that this argument is
unsound, and that the plaintiff should be permitted to pursue his claim by
action, as was presumably the intention of the parties in agreeing to a time
bar which barred the right to arbitration without extinguishing the claim.

On the other hand, Kroll suggests a broader test:

Arbitration agreements are considered to be “incapable of being performed”
where the arbitration cannot effectively be set in motion. According to the
Bermudan Court of Appeal this is only the case when the “party submitting the
agreement … not capable of performance [can] demonstrate that even given the
willingness of both parties to perform it, the agreement cannot be performed.”
It is beyond doubt that, in those cases, the arbitration agreement is
“incapable of being performed.” However, in other cases the test promulgated
by the Bermudan Court appears to be too narrow, at least when it is taken
literally. Its underlying rationale is that no party should be allowed to rely
on its own obstructive behaviour to evade obligations freely entered into by
concluding an arbitration agreement. On the other hand, however, it is usually
not possible to force a party to cooperate in the constitution of the
tribunal. Therefore the test for the non-obstructing party must be whether the
arbitration proceedings can be effectively set into motion even without the
cooperation of the other party. In light of this test, the “incapable of being
performed” defence should also not be equated with the English doctrine of
frustration, as was done in some decisions.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

76 The passage quoted from Mustill and Boyd appears to require the “incapable
of being performed” exception to be tested against the scenario where both
parties are ready, able and willing to perform the arbitration agreement,
whereas the passage quoted from Kröll allows the exception to be tested
against the scenario where one party (ie, the party seeking a stay of court
proceedings) does not cooperate in setting the arbitration in motion. Given my
conclusion on Issue 1, it is not necessary for me to express a preference
between the two approaches nor is it necessary for me comment on whether these
two approaches in truth represent two different tests or are merely different
aspects of a single test. Once Issue 1 has been answered in the affirmative,
Issue 2 simply does not arise.

Conclusion

77 In the light of the conclusions I have reached in relation to Issues 1 and
2, it is my decision that the stay of proceedings should remain for both
suits.

Terms and conditions of the stay

78 The next question I need to consider is whether the stay should be subject
to any terms and conditions. The statutory basis for imposing terms and
conditions is s 6(2) of the IAA, which provides that a stay of proceedings is
to be ordered by the court “upon such terms or conditions as it may think
fit”. As noted in The “Duden” [2008] 4 SLR(R) 984 at [12]-[16]:

(a) There are no statutory limits to the types of terms or conditions which
the court may impose on a stay of proceedings under the IAA.

(b) Even though this discretion to impose terms and conditions is unfettered,
it has to be exercised judiciously.

(c) The key guiding principle is that the courts should be slow to interfere
in the arbitration process.

(d) However, the court should not be reluctant to intervene by exercising its
statutory power to impose conditions where the justice of the case calls for
it.

In The “Duden”, a stay of proceedings was granted on condition that the
applicant for the stay would not raise the defence of time bar in the
arbitration proceedings.

79 I would also add that, the conditions imposed should seek to support and
give effect to the parties’ intention, and should avoid rewriting the parties’
agreement to impose on them an arbitration that was not within the
contemplation of either party. For this reason, I reject all of the conditions
that plaintiffs’ counsel asked me to impose. Instead, I will impose one
limited condition on the stay in both of the Suits.

80 The condition which I impose is that Asian Mineral will raise no objections
to the SIAC President’s jurisdiction to appoint an arbitrator under Art 11(3)
of the Model Law in the event that the parties cannot reach agreement on the
appointment. This condition will uphold the parties’ intention to arbitrate,
and mitigate any risk of the arbitration being held up by deadlock. It is also
a condition required by fairness and justice. In support of the stay, Asian
Mineral had taken a firm position before me that there are no obstacles to the
SIAC President making an appointment pursuant to the Model Law in the present
case. It would be both unfair and unjust if, after securing the stay on this
basis, Asian Mineral is allowed to adopt a different stance before the SIAC
President.

81 There is no need to impose any conditions concerning the conduct of the
arbitration, the place of arbitration or the applicable law because once the
arbitrator is appointed, he will have the power to decide on these matters.

82 In addition, I also make it a term of my order staying proceedings in the
Suits that, if the SIAC President declines to make an appointment of
arbitrator when requested by either party to do so, either party may apply to
court for further orders or directions, including orders for lifting the stay,
appointment of arbitrator(s) or any other directions to help move the
arbitration forward. This recognises the possibility, alluded to at [68]
above, that the SIAC President may take the view that he should decline to
act. In that eventuality, this term of the stay order will ensure that this
court remains seised of the matter, and avoid either dispute falling into the
sort of “arbitration purgatory” described in the quotation from Redfern and
Hunter at [1] above or becoming one of the “orphan” cases referred to in the
quotation from International Commercial Arbitration at [69] above.

Costs

83 In the light of the terms and conditions I have imposed, the plaintiffs
have partially succeeded in these appeals and largely obtained what they had
sought before me in the alternative. I therefore order all parties to bear
their own costs of these appeals. The costs orders made below are to remain.

Pang Khang Chau  
Judicial Commissioner

P Jeya Putra and Thomas A. Chuang (AsiaLegal LLC) for the plaintiffs;  
Bazul Ashab and Jason Goh (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

