Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 99

Criminal Case No. 14 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Ng Peng Chong  
Cheng Pueh Kuang

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Ng Peng Chong and another

[2017] SGHC 99

High Court — Criminal Case No 14 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
7, 9-10, 14-15 and 21 February 2017

3 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first accused is Ng Peng Chong (“Ng”), a 59 year-old male Singaporean.
The second accused is Cheng Pueh Kuang (“Cheng”), a 58 year-old male
Singaporean. Ng and Cheng have been ordering heroin and methamphetamine from a
Malaysian drug supplier since 2013.

2 On 16 May 2014, at or around 4pm, Ng and Cheng drove to Woodlands to collect
heroin that they had ordered from the supplier. Cheng was driving Ng in a car
bearing registration number SGG 7410 J, which was owned by his (Cheng’s)
sister. Around 5.15pm, Cheng collected a plastic bag containing a black bundle
from an Indian bus driver. He then drove the car back to Delight Court at
Lorong 33 Geylang, a flat he shared with Ng. Officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) had arrived at Lorong 33 Geylang at 6.15pm and
fifteen minutes later, as Ng and Cheng’s car was parking at Lorong 33 Geylang,
the CNB officers arrested both men.

3 When asked whether they had anything to surrender from the car, Ng and Cheng
replied “peh hoon” (street name for diamorphine). CNB officers searched the
car around 6.48pm and found the black plastic bag containing one bundle
wrapped in black tape in the space between the driver and front passenger
seats of the car. The CNB officers escorted Ng and Cheng to their rented room
at Delight Court and searched the room. They found, among other things,
packets containing brown granular, crystalline and other substances in yellow,
blue and silver packets, slabs of tablets, aluminium foil, two lighters, two
improvised bottles with glass pipes and straw attachments, three digital
weighing scales with covers, and a plastic container with 14 packets of empty
Ziploc plastic packets and empty yellow, blue and silver coloured packets.

4 The black bundle found in the car, which they had collected earlier that
day, contained two packets of brownish granular substance weighing a total of
902.8g (approximately 2 pounds), and was analysed to contain 21.58g of
diamorphine. Ng and Cheng were tried on one charge each, being that in
furtherance of their common intention to traffic in drugs, on 16 May 2014, at
or about 6.30pm, they were in joint possession of 21.58g of diamorphine for
the purpose of trafficking, and had thereby committed an offence under s
5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”), read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
Penal Code”), and punishable under s 33(1) of the Act.

5 It is not disputed that Ng and Cheng had ordered heroin and knew that they
were collecting it on 16 May 2014. The Prosecution’s case is that Ng and Cheng
had jointly ordered and collected two pounds of heroin for the purpose of
trafficking. Counsel for Ng, Mr Cheong Aik Chye (“Mr Cheong”), and counsel for
Cheng, Mr Peter Cuthbert Low (“Mr Low”), advanced alternative defences on
behalf of their clients. The first is that Ng and Cheng had only intended to
order (in its gross form) one pound of heroin. Although they had physical
possession of two pounds of heroin, they thought that they had only one and
did not have the mens rea required for possession of two pounds of heroin.
Alternatively, they intended to consume (in its pure form) at least 6.59g of
heroin from the 21.58g they were found with, and accordingly only intended to
traffic in not more than 14.99g of heroin.

Whether Ng and Cheng were in possession of two pounds of heroin

6 It is not disputed that Ng and Cheng were in physical possession of two
pounds of heroin. The question is whether they knew that they had two pounds
of heroin in their possession, or just one pound as they contend. Ng and Cheng
claim that they had only ordered one pound of heroin to be collected on 16 May
2014. Hence, up to the point they were arrested and shown the two pounds, they
had thought that they had only one pound of heroin. In Ng’s contemporaneous
statement, when he was shown the plastic bag containing the bundle and asked
what it was, he replied “one pound of heroin”. Ng and Cheng have maintained
this position in their 21 and 20 May 2014 statements respectively, and also in
their oral testimonies. They also rely on records of text messages in Cheng’s
Sony Ericsson phone (marked “PK-HP2”), seized by the CNB officers on the day
of their arrest. The records show text messages sent from a Malaysian number
between 7 March and 14 May 2014. Ng testified that these were text messages
from their Malaysian supplier indicating orders and payments made for drugs.
These messages were bare mathematical equations, eg, an incoming message dated
16 March 2014 read “7640+2800=10440-3500=6940”. In his oral testimony, Ng
explained that the added sums (ie, 7640 and 2800) referred to outstanding
amounts to be paid for orders for drugs, whereas the subtracted sums (ie,
3500) were for payments already made. $2,800 was the price for half a pound of
heroin and $5,600 was the price for one pound of heroin.

7 The text messages are relevant to Ng and Cheng’s defence in two ways. First,
Mr Low submits that the 16 May 2014 collection was for an order placed by Ng
and Cheng on 14 May 2014 for one pound of heroin. The text message sent by the
supplier on 14 May 2014 reads “5050+5600=10650+3600=(14250)-300=(12950)”.
“5600” refers to the price of, and thus reflects the order for, one pound of
heroin. In Cheng’s long statement dated 20 March 2014, he stated that “Ah
Chong” (ie, Ng) had made the order for the heroin on 14 May 2014, although he
“did not hear the exact conversation” and “did not know how much [Ng]
ordered”. Ng then told him that the heroin would arrive on 16 May 2014. This
was consistent with his oral testimony, where he maintained that they
“[ordered] on the 14th of May, then on the 16th, the supplier call we all
[sic]… to give us the exact location and time”.

8 Cheng’s version of events was challenged by the Prosecution during cross-
examination, where Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Isaac Tan (“Mr Tan”) pointed
out that there were no calls from or to the Number on 14 May 2016 on Ng’s
iPhone. In contrast, there was an incoming call from the supplier at 5.52am on
16 May 2016 on his Sony Ericsson phone. Cheng then agreed that the order was
placed from his Sony Ericsson phone but that it was placed on 14 May 2014, and
pointed to an incoming call from the supplier at 1.52am. Cheng’s testimony is
also inconsistent with Ng’s, who had stated in his 21 May 2014 statement that
at about 6am on 16 May 2014, the Malaysian supplier had called him to ask if
he wanted to order more drugs, and “on that day [16 May 2014], [he] also
ordered one pound of ‘sio zui’”, “sio zui” being “[his] meaning for heroin”.
The call was received on his iPhone. On the stand, Ng appeared to change his
position by testifying that he had “heard from [Cheng] that the order was
placed on the 14th… and to collect it on the 16th May”. Mr Tan submits that
this was an “equivocal and half-hearted retraction of what he had said to
[Inspector Tan]”.

9 Second, Mr Low submits that even if the order was not made on or otherwise
not reflected by the 14 May 2014 message, Cheng and Ng had “established a
particular modus operandi where they consistently ordered either one pound or
half a pound of diamorphine at each given time”. In the 34 messages from the
supplier, there were eight records of “5600” and four records of “2800” (one
pound and half a pound of heroin respectively) but no evidence of any
transaction of two pounds of heroin, which would have been reflected as
“11,200” or “5,600 + 5,600”. It would have been out of character for Ng and
Cheng to suddenly order two pounds of heroin, and it was far more likely that
Ng and Cheng had ordered one pound of heroin as they claimed.

10 In response, the Prosecution argues that it was always open to Ng and Cheng
to order more than one pound of heroin. Ng and Cheng were the ones who decided
the type and quantity of drug to order. Their supplier had told them that the
quality of heroin was high then, giving them an incentive to order more
heroin. A text message sent by the supplier on 8 May 2014, which read “4150 +
2800 = 6950 + 5600 = (12550)”, indicated that around a week before they were
arrested, they had ordered more than one pound of heroin, which was
inconsistent with their purported “modus operandi”. The Prosecution also
points out the implausibility of the supplier arranging for them to collect an
additional pound of heroin (its sale value being $5,600) if they had not
ordered it.

11 It is usually sufficient for the purposes of proving possession that the
accused persons had personally collected the bundle. They could not claim to
not have knowledge of the existence of the thing they had handled and placed
in their sight. In this case, I find it likely that Ng and Cheng had ordered
one pound of heroin to be collected on 16 May 2014. It may be improbable for
their supplier to have (mistakenly or otherwise) oversupplied them, but Ng and
Cheng’s evidence has been credible and consistent throughout. Despite the lack
of clarity about when the heroin was ordered, they have consistently
maintained that they had only ordered one pound of heroin, from the point of
their arrest (Ng’s contemporaneous statement), to the recording of their long
statements, and to their oral testimonies at trial. Their version of events is
corroborated by their text message history, which reflects a general pattern
of ordering only one or half a pound of heroin. The Prosecution has not
contested Ng and Cheng’s evidence that their orders for heroin were reflected
accurately in the text messages. It has also not disputed Ng and Cheng’s
pattern of ordering one or half a pound of heroin at any given point in time,
save for pointing out one text message (on 8 May 2014) recording their order
for one and a half pounds. This is in contrast to the other nine instances of
orders of heroin between 7 March and 14 May 2014 where they had not deviated
from their purported pattern. I thus find that Ng and Cheng expected to
collect one pound of heroin on 16 May 2014. Even after collecting the bundle,
Ng and Cheng may have truly and reasonably believed that the bundle contained
only one pound of heroin and no more, and had no knowledge of the existence of
the additional pound. Thus, I find that the Prosecution has not proven beyond
a reasonable doubt that Ng and Cheng had knowledge of the existence of the
additional pound of heroin.

12 The Prosecution may still rely on the presumption of possession in s 18(1)
of the Act. In this regard, they point to Ng and Cheng’s behaviour after
collecting the heroin. Cheng gave evidence that after collecting the plastic
bag, he brought it back to the car and drove back to Delight Court. Ng
remarked to him that the “bundle was bigger than what [they] usually ordered,
because usually [they] ordered one pound and the bundle [they] collected
seemed to be bigger and heavier”. They did not think to confirm the amount
there and then as they did not want to do it in the car, but return to Delight
Court first. Ng’s evidence was that he had “noticed that the black bundle was
bigger than [its] usual size”, but Cheng had confirmed that it was one pound
of heroin and hence Ng “did not think too much about it”. He orally testified
that Cheng had told him that since they had collected it, they had “no choice
but to accept it”. The Prosecution submits that Ng and Cheng wilfully did not
wish to know the quantity of heroin inside the black bundle. Although they
were worried that the bundle could have contained an amount of heroin that
would cross the death penalty threshold, they did not open up the bundle to
verify its contents. Their defence seems especially weak because they cannot
claim ignorance when they had been communicating with the supplier after
picking up the black bundle. Cheng’s phone records showed that there were four
incoming calls from the supplier at 5.13pm, 5.27pm, 5.29pm, and 5.37pm on 16
May 2014. The time of collection (in the Agreed Statement of Facts) was 5.15pm
and Ng and Cheng admitted that there was at least one call from the supplier
after the collection. If they had been so worried, the Prosecution submits
that it would have been easy for them to immediately clarify the amount
delivered with their supplier.

13 I find that Ng and Cheng have rebutted the presumption on the balance of
probabilities. Although Ng and Cheng are experienced in ordering and handling
one-pound and half-pound bundles of heroin, and in fact noticed that the
bundle was larger than usual, their state of knowledge was a mere suspicion at
best. The circumstances did not point to there being clearly more heroin than
what they had ordered.

14 First, there at all times remained the fact that they had only ordered one
pound of heroin. The Prosecution’s submission that it is implausible for the
supplier to mistakenly deliver one additional pound of heroin (the sale value
of which was $5,600) if Ng and Cheng had only ordered one pound of heroin cuts
both ways. Ng and Cheng would also have been less likely to believe that the
supplier had given them more than what they had ordered, and thus to check the
bundle expeditiously on the way home. There is no evidence that such mistakes
had been made on previous occasions. Second, no money changed hands during the
collection. Ng and Cheng gave evidence that the supplier would send men to
collect the money for the drugs separately. If they had paid for the heroin
upfront, it would have been clear that the amount paid was insufficient for
two pounds of heroin. In this case, they were merely there to collect a bundle
which they reasonably assumed would contain their order for one pound of
heroin. Third, Ng and Cheng both gave evidence that they did not handle the
bundle after collection and did not check its contents before they were
arrested. Neither Ng nor Cheng’s DNA was found on the plastic bag or the
bundle, corroborating their evidence that they did not handle the bundle after
collection and thus did not gain knowledge of the additional pound. The
difference in size between one and two pounds of heroin (approximately 450g),
especially if packed compactly in a bundle, is not as significant as one might
think.

15 The Prosecution submits that Ng and Cheng’s failure to check is evidence
that they wilfully refused to examine the bundles because they already knew
its contents (Ng testified that he “[dared] not touch” it). I accept that Ng
and Cheng wanted to open up the bundle only after they had returned to the
safety of Delight Court, rather than in broad daylight in Cheng’s sister’s
car. The Prosecution also argues that Ng and Cheng could have clarified the
amount of heroin in the plastic bag with the supplier, who had called them at
least once after collection, but these calls were made soon after the
collection and Ng and Cheng would have been more concerned with leaving
Woodlands and returning home at that point. Given that they were clearly in
frequent communication with their supplier, it would have been easy for them
to call the supplier after they had returned home and opened the bundle.

16 In these circumstances, their omission to check the bundle and clarify with
the supplier cannot be said to an active choice not to inquire into something
they already knew. As far as they were concerned, although the bundle seemed
larger than usual, they had only ordered one pound of heroin, and expected to
collect the same. This is not a case where they were on their way to deliver
the heroin to someone else, and would not have had a chance to check the
bundle once it was delivered. They were on their way home and it was
reasonable to choose to return to Delight Court first, where they felt safer
and where their weighing equipment was, than to stop the car in the middle of
their journey. It would be artificial and harsh to find that they had, within
the span of an hour, became aware of the additional pound of heroin during the
drive home.

17 I thus find that Ng and Cheng were not in possession of the additional
pound of heroin, but were only in joint possession of one pound of heroin. As
they have admitted to ordering and expecting to collect one pound of heroin on
16 May 2014, it is beyond doubt that they were in full possession of this
pound, knowing that it was heroin. I give them the benefit of the doubt by
treating them to be in possession of the packet containing the smaller amount
of (pure) heroin (marked A1A1), ie, 10.17g of (pure) heroin.

18 For completeness, even if I were to find that the presumption of possession
(and that of knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act) had not been rebutted, I would
still have found that the Prosecution failed to make out its charge. It has
not proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the additional pound of heroin was
in Ng and Cheng’s possession for the purpose of trafficking. It is clear from
Ng and Cheng’s statements that they were taken by surprise at the additional
weight and were undecided as to what to do with it. Cheng had testified that
he was “worried and scared” and all he wanted to do was to “go back [to
Delight Court] and open [the bundle]”. Ng stated that he “did not think too
much about” the fact that the bundle was bigger than usual. In the
circumstances, there is reasonable doubt as to whether they had formed any
intention regarding the heroin during the drive home (other than to return
home to open the bundle), let alone a common intention to traffic it.

Whether the one pound of heroin in Ng and Cheng’s possession was for the
purpose of trafficking

19 I turn now to the question of whether the one pound of heroin in Ng and
Cheng’s possession was for the purpose of trafficking. Given the presumption
of trafficking in s 17(1) of the Act, Ng and Cheng have to show that, on a
balance of probabilities, such possession was not for the purpose of
trafficking.

20 In support of its case, the Prosecution relies first on Ng and Cheng’s
confessions in their recorded statements. In Cheng’s first long statement,
dated 20 May 2014, he admitted that “the ‘peh hoon’ that was recovered in my
sister’s car… was meant for stocking up so that we can pack and sell to
friends…” He also provided their reason for selling drugs, namely to “feed
[their] heavy addiction and to pay [their] rent for the room and daily
expenses”. Ng similarly confessed in his 21 May 2014 statement that “the ‘sio
zui’ that we ordered [on 16 May 2014] was also meant to be packed and sold to
clients”. During their oral testimonies, Ng and Cheng testified that the
heroin found in the car (and all the drugs in their room) were for their own
consumption. They would invite friends over to share and consume the drugs and
these friends would make voluntary monetary contributions, but only if they
wished to. The Prosecution submits that this is no more than a euphemism for
“selling”, although it does not make the submission that such sharing falls
within trafficking as defined in s 2 of the Act. Second, the Prosecution
points to the large amounts of weighing scales, empty coloured packets, and
other drug-trafficking paraphernalia found in Ng and Cheng’s room in Delight
Court as circumstantial evidence that the heroin was for the purpose of
trafficking. Third, the Prosecution submits that Ng and Cheng did not have the
financial capability to order such large amounts of drugs just for their own
use and consumption. The text message history shows that they had ordered 10
pounds of heroin worth $56,000 over a period just shy of two months (16 March
to 14 May 2014), not to mention sums payable for orders of other drugs
amounting to $28,200. Cheng was unemployed at the time of his arrest. Ng
testified that he was working as a pimp. Cheng testified that he had around
$30,000 to $40,000 in savings from working as a taxi driver previously, and
from loans by his sister, but even this could not sustain their frequent
orders absent another regular source of income.

21 Ng and Cheng rely on the defence of consumption. In their contemporaneous
statements, Ng stated that he “[intended] to consume the drug” and Cheng
stated that he and Ng would “share [the collected bundle] to smoke”. Mr Cheong
and Mr Low do not contend that the entire amount of heroin that Ng and Cheng
had collected was earmarked for consumption. Their defence, as put forth in
their closing submissions, is a limited one: if the court finds that Ng and
Cheng are in possession of 21.58g of heroin, they argue that Ng and Cheng had
intended to consume at least 6.59g of (pure) heroin. Having found that Ng and
Cheng are only in possession of 10.17g of heroin, there is no strict need to
examine this defence. Given the possibility that it may further exonerate Ng
and Cheng with regard to the 10.17g of heroin in their possession, I will
proceed to evaluate their defence of consumption.

22 With a defence of consumption, the relevant factors include the rate of
drug consumption, the frequency of supply, whether the accused had the
financial means to purchase the drugs for himself, and whether he had made a
contrary admission in any of his statements that the whole quantity of drugs
was for sale. It is agreed between the Prosecution and the Defence that there
is no correlation between the amount of heroin one consumes and the withdrawal
symptoms one experiences after its consumption. This is an established point
as the scientific evidence currently stands, so I have not considered the
severity of Ng and Cheng’s withdrawal symptoms as assessed by Dr Ung and Dr
Guo, the Prosecution’s and Defence’s experts respectively.

23 I find that Ng and Cheng have not shown, on the balance of probabilities,
that at least 6.59g of pure heroin was intended for their own consumption.
They have also not provided me with a basis to make any other form of
apportionment. First, Ng and Cheng have given contradictory evidence on their
rates of consumption. Ng claimed in his 21 May 2014 statement that they would
each consume one packet of heroin weighing 7.5g (in its gross form) daily. At
trial, he testified that he did not smoke any “fixed amount” but that it was
“at least one packet or more than one packet” a day, depending on the quality
of the heroin. This was also recorded by Dr Ung in Ng’s medical report. Cheng
claimed that they each smoked two packets a day. He then stated at trial that
he meant that only he smoked two packets a day. Apart from the fact that a
consumption rate of two packets a day far exceeds the usual amount for a
heroin addict, and has never been heard of by the Prosecution’s expert
witness, Dr Guo, the evidence from Ng and Cheng is inconsistent and cannot
provide any reliable basis upon which to examine their defence.

24 Second, even if I accept the unlikely proposition that Ng and Cheng
consumed a total of three packets a day, no evidence was led from Ng and Cheng
as to how long this particular order was intended to last them, which is key
to calculating how much heroin was to be set aside for consumption. Without
such evidence, any attempt at apportionment can only be guesswork. Mr Low
submits that I should rely on Ng and Cheng’s text message history, which shows
that one pound of heroin was generally ordered for Ng and Cheng’s consumption
for seven to eight days. Even if I were to do so, there is no correlation
between the amount of heroin ordered and the date of the next order. An order
for half a pound of heroin would be followed by an order for another half a
pound of heroin after six days (19 and 25 May 2014), but an order for a pound
of heroin would be followed by an order for another pound in just three days
(1 and 4 May 2014). Further, in the three weeks prior to their 14 May 2014
order, Ng and Cheng had ordered three pounds of heroin. Taken together with
the heroin already found in their room, and their easy and frequent access to
its supply, I find it unlikely that they had intended to set aside an amount
of heroin in the 16 May 2014 bundle that was sufficient to last them for more
than a week. There is no other basis upon which I can make a meaningful
apportionment of the heroin for consumption and accordingly I do not do so.

25 I thus find that Ng and Cheng have not been able to rebut the presumption
of trafficking, and were in joint possession of 10.17g of pure heroin for the
purpose of trafficking. Taking into account their financial situation and
frequent drug orders, their claim that they merely intended to share the
heroin with friends without expecting any monetary payment in return is
difficult to believe. The amount of drugs and drug-trafficking paraphernalia
found in their rented room also indicates that they were involved in more than
just a casual arrangement. Although it is not disputed that they were also
addicts, their defence of consumption of all the drugs in their possession
lacks internal and external consistency and misses key details, and cannot be
used to meaningfully apportion the drugs as between consumption and
trafficking.

26 The original charge faced by Ng and Cheng was that they were in joint
possession of 21.58g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking, in
furtherance of their common intention to traffic in drugs. For the reasons
given above, I amend the charge to joint possession of 10.17g of diamorphine
for the purpose of trafficking, thereby committing an offence under s 5(1)(a)
read with s 5(2) of the Act, and convict both Ng and Cheng on this amended
charge.

27 As a final point, I note that the Prosecution had originally charged Ng and
Cheng with being in possession of heroin for the purpose of trafficking in
furtherance of their common intention to traffic in drugs. Constructive
liability under s 34 of the Penal Code is usually only required when two
people play different roles in an offence, with only one person carrying out
the act that constitutes the offence despite both having the intention to
commit said offence. In this case, Ng and Cheng were individually in
possession of the offending drugs, knew the nature of such drugs, and intended
to traffic in them. They would both be guilty under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2)
of the Act without any need to rely on s 34 of the Penal Code. Nevertheless,
it is clear from all the evidence that Ng and Cheng worked in tandem, from
ordering the heroin to traveling to Woodlands to collect it, and either one
would have been constructively liable for the trafficking offence committed by
the other.

28 I therefore convict the first and second accused on the amended charge of
possession of 10.17g of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Isaac Tan, Rachel Ng and Muhammad Zulhafini Bin Haji Zulkeflee (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for prosecution;  
Cheong Aik Chye (A C Cheong & Co.) and Tan Jeh Yaw (Lim Swee Tee & Co.) for
first accused;  
Peter Cuthbert Low, Elaine Low, Priscilla Chan (Peter Low LLC) and Wong Seow
Pin (S P Wong & Co.) for second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

