Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 140

Suit No 1250 of 2014  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 33 of 2017)

Between

| United Overseas Bank Limited  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd  
---|---  
(2)| Goh Buck Lim  
(3)| Aurellia Adrianus Ho (also known as Filly Ho)  
(4)| Goh Han Rong Clarke  
(5)| Goh Yu Wei Ewis  
(6)| Jennifer Janeth  
(7) | Erfan Syah Putra  
(8) | Theodora Budi Halimundjaja  
|  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Civil procedure] — [Discovery of documents]  
[Civil procedure] — [Privilege] — [Litigation privilege]  
[Civil procedure] — [Privilege] — [Without prejudice privilege]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
United Overseas Bank Ltd

  

v

  

Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others

  

[2017] SGHC 140

High Court — Suit No 1250 of 2014 (Registrar’s Appeal No 33 of 2017)  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
14 March 2017

15 June 2017

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 Pursuant to settlement negotiations between the plaintiff on the one part
and the second and third defendants on the other, a settlement agreement was
entered into between these parties (“the Settlement Agreement”). This
Settlement Agreement made reference to an affidavit affirmed by the second
defendant, on behalf of himself and the third defendant, relating to the
nature and extent of the first defendant’s involvement in the alleged
wrongdoing which lies at the heart of the plaintiff’s suit (“the Affidavit”).
The first defendant sought specific discovery of the Affidavit from the
plaintiff and/or the second and third defendants. Disclosure was resisted on
grounds of (a) litigation privilege, and/or (b) without prejudice privilege.

2 Several legal issues arose as to the subsistence and waiver of the two
distinct types of privilege in the context of a multi-party litigation. In the
court below, the learned Assistant Registrar Bryan Fang (“the AR”) disallowed
discovery of the Affidavit on the ground of litigation privilege. The first
defendant appealed. Having heard the parties, I find that litigation privilege
in the Affidavit subsists and was not waived. The appeal is therefore
dismissed.

Background

3 This matter is related to an earlier decision of this court in United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others [2016] 2 SLR
597. That decision concerned the application of O 14 r 12 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) on summary determinations of issues
of law. The background to this suit was set out there; only the relevant
portions are reproduced here.

The parties

4 The plaintiff is a commercial bank licensed by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore (“MAS”) to offer, inter alia, housing loans.

5 The first defendant is the developer of a 99-year leasehold condominium
development known as the Marina Collection.

6 The second and third defendants were real estate agents at the material
time. In these proceedings, they were initially represented by counsel, but
their solicitors obtained an order to discharge themselves on 28 October 2016,
immediately prior to the hearing of this discovery application before the
court below on 9 November 2016. In the circumstances, the second and third
defendants did not take an active role in this discovery application or on
appeal – they filed no affidavits, made no arguments, and did not appear in
any of the hearings.

7 Each of the fourth to eighth defendants is a relative of either the second
or third defendant. For reasons to be explained below, the plaintiff
discontinued the suit against the fourth to eighth defendants on 15 April
2016.

The context

8 From 2011 to 2013, the first defendant sold 38 units in the Marina
Collection to 38 purchasers in separate transactions. The plaintiff granted
housing loans to each of the 38 purchasers to finance their purchases.

9 After the loans were granted, the plaintiff discovered that the first
defendant had offered significant furniture rebates to the 38 purchasers.
These rebates exceeded market norms and were not reflected in the housing loan
application forms. On 26 November 2014, the plaintiff commenced the present
suit with claims in the tort of unlawful means conspiracy and the tort of
deceit. The plaintiff contended, inter alia, that the rebates were part of the
defendants’ deliberate effort to mislead the plaintiff into granting housing
loans (a) based on artificially inflated purchase prices of the units, and (b)
which exceeded the maximum loan amounts permissible under MAS’s regulation,
vide, MAS Notice 632.

10 The first defendant denied involvement in any conspiracy or act of fraud.
It pleaded that the financing of the purchase of the units was a matter solely
between the plaintiff and the purchasers, of which it had no knowledge. The
first defendant further pleaded that any loss suffered by the plaintiff was
caused by the plaintiff’s own decision to grant the loans based on its
independent checks and risk assessments, or its failure to properly perform
the same.

11 The second and third defendants filed a joint defence denying any
conspiracy between the defendants and any act of deceit. While the plaintiff’s
case was based in part on certain allegedly suspicious transfers of money
between the bank accounts of the purchasers and those of the second, fourth
and fifth defendants, the second and third defendants contended that these
transfers were made pursuant to suggestions by the plaintiff’s Vice-President
of Home Loans, one Ann Ong. The second and third defendants argued that Ann
Ong’s knowledge and acts as employee and agent of the plaintiff must be
attributed to the plaintiff, or, alternatively, form the basis of an estoppel
against the plaintiff.

The Settlement Agreement

12 On 29 March 2016, the plaintiff entered into the Settlement Agreement with
the second and third defendants pursuant to settlement negotiations between
them. The recitals to this Settlement Agreement state, inter alia:

(I) [The second defendant] has affirmed an Affidavit… relating to the nature
and extent of the involvement of [the first defendant] in the Suit.

(J) The Affidavit is made on behalf of [the second defendant]… and… [the third
defendant] in the Suit.

(K) [The second defendant] has affirmed the Affidavit whilst being advised by
his solicitors and has not been coerced and influenced in any way in the
making of the Affidavit.

(L) [The plaintiff] has requested that [the second defendant] file the
Affidavit in the Suit and further give truthful testimony as to the nature and
extent of [the first defendant’s] involvement in the allegations of fraud and
conspiracy made by [the plaintiff] against the [d]efendants in the Suit at the
trial of the Suit.

(M) In consideration, [the plaintiff] is agreeable to regulating the future
conduct of its claims against [the second and third defendants] as well as
[the fourth to eighth defendants] in the Suit… in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement.

13 As can be seen, Recital [M] refers to the plaintiff’s undertaking “to
regulat[e] the future conduct of its claims” against the second to eighth
defendants in accordance with the terms of the Settlement Agreement. This
undertaking was given in consideration of the second defendant filing the
Affidavit and giving truthful testimony at trial. The following terms of the
Settlement Agreement are also material:

1.1 Upon [the second defendant] affirming the Affidavit in the Suit:

(a) [The plaintiff] shall discontinue all of its claims against the [fourth to
eighth defendants] in the Suit …;

…

1.2 Upon [the second defendant] giving truthful testimony at the trial of the
Suit of the nature and extent of [the first defendant’s] involvement in the
allegations of fraud and conspiracy made by [the plaintiff] against the
[d]efendants in the Suit (as recorded in the Affidavit):

(a) [The plaintiff] its heirs and assigns shall not take any action in law or
in equity to enforce any judgment rendered in [the plaintiff’s] favour in the
Suit against [the second and third defendants] in respect of [the plaintiff’s]
claims against [the second and third defendants] in the Suit …;

14 In accordance with cl 1.1 of the Settlement Agreement, the plaintiff
withdrew his action against the fourth to eighth defendants by way of a Notice
of Discontinuance filed on 15 April 2016.

Requests for the Affidavit

15 On 13 June 2016, the plaintiff filed a Supplementary List of Documents
which disclosed, inter alia, the existence of the Settlement Agreement. The
plaintiff also provided a copy of the Settlement Agreement to the first
defendant’s solicitors. However, the Affidavit itself, which was referred to
in the recitals of the Settlement Agreement, was not provided to the first
defendant.

16 On 5 August 2016, the first defendant’s solicitors wrote to the plaintiff’s
solicitors requesting various documents, including the Affidavit. The
plaintiff’s solicitors replied on 19 August 2016 stating that the plaintiff
would not be providing discovery of the Affidavit as the plaintiff “does not
have a copy of the [Affidavit] which can be extended to [the first defendant]
because it is covered by litigation privilege and/or without prejudice
privilege”.

17 On 23 August 2016, the first defendant’s solicitors wrote to the second and
third defendants’ then-solicitors making a similar request for the Affidavit.
This request was also denied in a reply letter dated 30 August 2016 (“the
Letter”) stating the following:

Our clients are not obliged to provide discovery of the [Affidavit] at this
stage of the proceedings. Further, the [Affidavit] is subject to litigation
privilege.

As this is our client’s Affidavit-of-Evidence-in-Chief, we will disclose and
exchange the same at the appropriate juncture.

18 In light of the above, the first defendant filed Summons No 4966 of 2016 on
12 October 2016 seeking specific discovery of several documents, including the
Affidavit, by the plaintiff and/or the second and third defendants. This
appeal concerns only the Affidavit. In that regard, the plaintiff resisted
disclosure on grounds of litigation privilege and/or without prejudice
privilege. The second and third defendants were absent from the hearings, but
appeared to resist disclosure on the ground of litigation privilege.

The decision below

19 The learned AR issued written Grounds of Decision on 19 January 2017 in
United Overseas Bank Ltd v Lippo Marina Collection Pte Ltd and others [2017]
SGHCR 1 (“UOB v Lippo”). This appeal concerns only the part of his decision
dismissing the first defendant’s application on the ground of litigation
privilege. In that regard, the AR framed two issues for determination (at
[19]):

(a) Can litigation privilege attach to the Affidavit even though the second
and third defendants have omitted to file any affidavits claiming the
privilege as such?

(b) Even if litigation privilege can and does attach to the Affidavit, have
the second and third defendants waived it against the entire world by making
disclosure to an opponent in litigation?

20 As regards the first issue, the learned AR held that litigation privilege
can attach to the Affidavit even though the privilege had not been asserted by
the second and third defendants on affidavit. This followed from the Court of
Appeal’s decision in ARX v Comptroller of Income Tax [2016] 5 SLR 590 (“ARX”),
in which it was stated that the court may, if it is not satisfied with a bare
assertion of privilege, look behind that assertion on affidavit to the
documents themselves to ascertain if the privilege has been rightly asserted
(ARX at [46]). Without a supporting affidavit, a fact sensitive inquiry would
be required. On the facts, both requirements for litigation privilege were
found to be satisfied: (a) there was a reasonable prospect of litigation at
the time legal advice was sought by the second and third defendants in respect
of the Affidavit, and (b) the Affidavit was created for the dominant purpose
of litigation (UOB v Lippo at [26]). Accordingly, litigation privilege
attached to the Affidavit.

21 As regards the issue of waiver, the learned AR particularised the issue as
follows: “in the context of a multi-party litigation, does the disclosure of
privileged material to an opponent result, without more, in a waiver of
privilege for all intents and purposes, notwithstanding that the disclosing
party may have sought to keep the privileged material confidential as against
the other parties to the litigation” (at [44]). In this regard, he held in the
negative: “If there is clear evidence that the disclosure is made in
confidence, there is no reason why the court should not have proper regard to
that to arrive at a finding that the privilege is not waived beyond the
recipient” (at [61]).

22 The learned AR premised his decision in that regard on principle, policy,
and precedent. First, there is no principle precluding the court from
recognising a selective waiver of privilege vis-à-vis some but not all of the
parties in a multi-party litigation (at [49]). Secondly, the policy of the law
is to encourage the parties to prepare properly for litigation; it also
encourages parties to enter into confidential communications with other
parties in preparation for the same. This applies even between adversaries, in
recognition of the shifting array of interests involved in multi-party
litigations (at [50]–[52]). Thirdly, the AR referred to Stax Claimants v Bank
of Nova Scotia Channel Islands Ltd [2007] All ER (D) 215 (“Stax Claimants”)
and Canada Safeway Ltd v Toromont Industries Ltd (2004) 362 AR 296 (“Canada
Safeway”) for the proposition that, in the context of multi-party litigation,
litigation privilege may subsist in respect of communications between
adversaries (at [54]–[60]). Various other case authorities cited by the
parties were discussed.

23 On the facts, the learned AR found that the second and third defendants’
conduct had been consistent with their maintaining confidentiality in the
Affidavit against the first defendant (at [62]). He also found that the copy
of the Affidavit in the plaintiff’s hands must also be privileged for
otherwise the second and third defendants’ privilege over the original
Affidavit would be rendered hollow (at [68]).

24 Finally, the learned AR opined that there would be no unfairness to the
first defendant if the Affidavit was not disclosed to him. Given that he would
not have had any right to view the Affidavit anyway, selective disclosure by
the second and third defendants did not put him in a worse position. Even if
there was some information asymmetry, this would be the case whenever
privilege is upheld (at [64]–[65]). In any event, the first defendant would
have sight of the Affidavit when parties exchanged their Affidavits of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”); the court should not compel expedited disclosure
only of the second and third defendants’ Affidavit (at [66]).

25 For the above reasons, the learned AR dismissed the application for
specific discovery of the Affidavit on the ground of litigation privilege.
Having done so, he did not address the issue of without prejudice privilege.

Arguments on appeal

26 The first defendant filed an appeal against the AR’s decision on 1 February
2017. The sole issue on appeal is whether the plaintiff and/or the second and
third defendants should provide specific discovery of the Affidavit.

First defendant’s case as appellant

27 The first defendant maintains that the Affidavit should be disclosed by the
plaintiff and/or the second and third defendants. The Affidavit is relevant
and necessary for the fair disposal of the matter, and also within the
possession, custody or power of the plaintiff and the second and third
defendants. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 3.

Further, neither litigation privilege nor without prejudice privilege applies.

28 With regard to litigation privilege, the first defendant argues that the
Affidavit is not a document in which such privilege subsists, as the necessary
element of confidentiality was lost when the second defendant affirmed the
Affidavit and put it forward as his AEIC. Reliance is placed on several case
authorities, including Australian Competition and Consumer Commission v
Cadbury Schweppes Pty Ltd [2009] FACFC 32 (“Cadbury Schweppes”), for the
proposition that finalised documents intended to be used as evidence at trial
are not covered by litigation privilege. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 27-28.

Further, the first defendant seeks to distinguish Stax Claimants and Canada
Safeway (which were relied on by the AR) on the basis that they did not
concern documents that were intended to be introduced as evidence at trial. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at para 34.

The first defendant also seeks to distinguish the decision of Robert Hitchins
Limited v International Computers Limited [1996] Lexis Citation 1579 (“Robert
Hitchins”) (on which the plaintiff heavily relies) on grounds that it concerns
common interest privilege rather than litigation privilege, and, in any case,
was a decision involving draft witness statements rather than an affidavit
intended to be used as an AEIC. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 41-48.

29 Further, the first defendant submits that the Affidavit is not protected by
without prejudice privilege for three reasons. First, it was not a
communication made in the course of settlement negotiations, but rather
affirmed pursuant to, and hence ex post, the conclusion of such negotiations
between the parties. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 7-13.

In the circumstances, the Affidavit constitutes part of the settlement
agreement itself, which would not be protected by without prejudice privilege.
Secondly, the Affidavit does not contain any admission or other material which
would be prejudicial to the positions of the second or third defendant, such
that the policy rationale of without prejudice privilege does not apply. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 14-18.

Thirdly, and in any event, any privilege over the Affidavit was waived when
the second defendant confirmed that it would be used at trial as his AEIC. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

First defendant’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 19-23.

Plaintiff’s case as respondent

30 At the outset, the plaintiff clarifies that it does not have the original
Affidavit, but merely a copy of it which was extended by the second and third
defendants on a without prejudice basis. The plaintiff submits that the
Affidavit, whether in its hands or in the hands of the second and third
defendant, is protected from disclosure to the first defendant on grounds of
(a) litigation privilege, and/or (b) without prejudice privilege. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 21.

31 As regards litigation privilege, the plaintiff’s starting premise is that
an unserved affidavit remains protected by litigation privilege even if it has
been finalised. It is only upon service of that affidavit that confidentiality
is lost, and privilege no longer subsists. That has not yet been done here. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 23-26.

Further, so long as the factual circumstances make clear that the second and
third defendants are resisting disclosure on the ground of litigation
privilege, there is no strict need for them to file an affidavit to assert
such privilege. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 33-35.

On the facts, litigation privilege clearly subsists as the Affidavit was
prepared and signed by the second defendant in circumstances where litigation
was ongoing, and was expressly contemplated in the Settlement Agreement to be
for use at trial. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 27-29.

This privilege, attaching to the second and third defendants’ original
Affidavit, must equally attach to the plaintiff’s copy for it would otherwise
render the privilege hollow in substance. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 30-32.

32 The plaintiff further denies that there was any waiver of litigation
privilege, relying heavily on the reasoning of the learned AR. In particular,
the plaintiff defends Stax Claimant and Canada Safeway for the proposition
that, in a multi-party litigation, confidentiality in a document is not lost
by mere disclosure to an adversary; rather, whether or not such a document
remains confidential is a fact-sensitive inquiry. In this case, the second and
third defendants’ conduct has been consistent with their maintaining
confidentiality in the Affidavit as against the world save for the plaintiff.
13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 41-50.

Further, there is no principled reason why the second defendant cannot
selectively waive confidentiality as against the plaintiff only. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 51-54.

Lastly, the plaintiff submits that its position accords with the legal policy
of encouraging the sharing of privileged material between adversaries in order
to reach settlement at least on some issues and save costs and resources. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 55-58.

33 As regards without prejudice privilege, the plaintiff clarifies that it is
only arguing that the privilege attaches to its copy of the Affidavit; it does
not purport to say the same for the original Affidavit in the possession of
the second and third defendants. In this regard, the plaintiff seeks to
counter the three arguments raised by the first defendant. First, the
plaintiff denies that the Affidavit must be disclosed because it was so
inextricably tied to the Settlement Agreement as to constitute one of its
terms. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 74-79.

In any event, there is no mandatory rule that the terms of a concluded
settlement agreement are themselves not protected by without prejudice
privilege. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 78–80.

Secondly, without prejudice privilege is a joint privilege of both parties to
a settlement negotiation; no distinction can be drawn between the maker and
recipient of each communication. The plaintiff is thus entitled to assert this
privilege regardless of the second defendant’s position, and the collective
consent of the plaintiff and the second and third defendants is required
before the privilege can be waived. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 65.

Thirdly, the plaintiff denies that it has waived its privilege over the
Affidavit simply because the Settlement Agreement contemplates the second
defendant using the Affidavit as his AEIC at trial – contemplation is not
obligation. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at para 92.

Even if that was an implied waiver, it would only take effect at the time of
the trial rather than at this stage of the proceedings, ie, ahead of the
exchange of AEICs. In this regard, the first defendant’s discovery request is
unfair as it forces the second and third defendants to disclose their AEIC
prior to all other parties. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at paras 93–94.

The decision

34 I find that litigation privilege attaches to the copy of the Affidavit in
the plaintiff’s hands and that it does not need to be disclosed. The appeal
should therefore be dismissed on that basis.

The analysis

35 The requirements of relevance and necessity in the context of specific
discovery are laid out in O 24 r 5 and O 24 r 7 of the ROC. Generally, the
party seeking discovery has to establish the relevance of the documents
sought, and the onus is then on the resisting party to show that discovery is
not necessary for the fair disposal of the matter or for saving costs. In the
present appeal, neither relevance nor necessity is in issue. It is also not
disputed that the Affidavit is in the possession, custody or power of the
second and third defendants, and that a copy thereof is with the plaintiff.

Issue 1: Is the Affidavit protected by litigation privilege

36 In seeking and resisting specific discovery, the parties have raised
several novel arguments concerning litigation privilege in the context of a
multi-party litigation. The following issues will be discussed in sequence
after the interface between the common law and the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) (“EA”) is set out:

(a) In respect of privilege in the second and third defendant’s original
Affidavit:

(i) whether litigation privilege may be asserted without a supporting
affidavit;

(ii) whether litigation privilege subsists in unserved affidavits that has
been finalised and which is intended for use in trial; and

(iii) if litigation privilege subsists and may be asserted, whether it is
waived because the Affidavit was disclosed to an adverse party in a multi-
party litigation.

(b) In respect of privilege in the plaintiff’s copy of the Affidavit:

(i) whether the plaintiff being only the recipient of a copy of the Affidavit
has standing to assert litigation privilege; and

(ii) if litigation privilege subsists in the original Affidavit, whether it
also subsists in the plaintiff’s copy of the same.

General principles

37 Sections 128 and 131 of the EA provide generally for legal professional
privilege in Singapore. The fundamental concern behind this privilege is the
proper and effective administration of justice, as noted by the Court of
Appeal in Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR 367 (“Asia Pacific
Breweries”) (at [23]):

Legal professional privilege is to be found in two principal forms – viz,
legal advice privilege and litigation privilege, respectively, and has been
firmly entrenched as part of the common law system of justice for centuries.
The two privileges are conceptually distinct although they overlap. However,
they both “serve a common cause: The secure and effective administration of
justice according to law”, and “they are complementary and not competing in
their operation[”].

38 Litigation privilege, which is one of two forms of legal professional
privilege, is a common law doctrine contemplated by s 131 of the EA. The
relationship between this common law doctrine and the EA was examined by the
Court of Appeal in Asia Pacific Breweries, where it was held that no
inconsistency exists between the doctrine at common law and ss 128 and 131 of
the EA read together (at [67]):

… litigation privilege exists by virtue of the common law. Since… s 131 of the
[EA]… clearly envisages the concept of litigation privilege, there is no
inconsistency between the common law and the statutory provisions.
Accordingly, s 2(2) of the [EA] would apply to confirm the applicability of
litigation privilege at common law in the local context… as there is no
inconsistency between litigation privilege at common law and ss 128 and 131
read together…

39 At the heart of the doctrine of litigation privilege is the recognition
that parties to a litigation should be granted “the autonomy… to strategise
and prepare their cases in private in the interest of optimal presentation at
the trial” (Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Evidence and the Litigation Process
(LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2015) (“Pinsler on Evidence”) at para 14.002). As Fish J
observed in Minister of Justice v Sheldon Blank (Attorney General of Ontario,
The Advocates’ Society and Information Commissioner of Canada (Interveners))
[2006] SCC 39 (at [27]) (affirmed by the Court of Appeal in Asia Pacific
Breweries at [23]):

Litigation privilege… is not directed at, still less, restricted to
communications between solicitor and client. It contemplates… communications
between a solicitor and third parties or, in the case of an unrepresented
litigant, between the litigant and third parties. Its object is to ensure the
efficacy of the adversarial process and not to promote the solicitor–client
relationship. And to achieve this purpose, parties to litigation, represented
or not, must be left to prepare their contending positions in private, without
adversarial interference and fear of premature disclosure.

40 On a preliminary note, there may be a question about the applicability of
Parts I, II and III of the EA (which includes ss 128 and 131) to interlocutory
proceedings such as the present and whether, if the issue is answered in the
negative based on a literal reading of s 2(1) of the EA, common law principles
would apply in lieu thereof (see Pinsler on Evidence at para 14.004). The
broader issue does not need to be authoritatively resolved at present. As
explained, the doctrine of litigation privilege exists in Singapore by virtue
of the common law, and the common law principles would in any event apply as
they are not inconsistent with the EA (Asia Pacific Breweries at [67]).

Privilege in the second and third defendants’ original Affidavit

(1) Assertion of privilege without a supporting affidavit

41 The second and third defendants filed no affidavits and made no appearances
in this application. The first issue is, thus, whether the absence of a
supporting affidavit by the second and third defendants asserting litigation
privilege prevents the invocation of such privilege here.

42 In my judgment, privilege may be asserted in different ways. The best form
would be an assertion in an affidavit, as that would, hopefully, be clear and
unequivocal. But the privilege can also be asserted without an affidavit, as
long as the circumstances manifest a clear invocation of that privilege. The
essential question is whether the claim of privilege is expressed clearly in
some form, so that the matter can be readily determined by the court. It may
be that where privilege is not clearly asserted by way of a supporting
affidavit, grounds can be made out for adverse cost consequences. The absence
of an affidavit supporting the claim of privilege may also leave the claiming
party exposed to having the matter determined only on undisputed facts or on
the law. If that party chooses to run the risk of an adverse determination,
then that is its choice. However, privilege is not excluded simply because
such a supporting affidavit has not been filed.

43 I note that the learned AR cited the decision of the Court of Appeal in
ARX, and in particular the dictum that “if the court is not satisfied with
[the supporting affidavit], it is always open to the court to look behind the
affidavit to the documents themselves to ascertain if privilege was rightly
asserted” (ARX at [46]). However, the observations of the Court of Appeal in
that case were concerned with the sufficiency of the supporting affidavit, and
not its necessity. While the case gives some support for the proposition that
an affidavit is not the be-all of an inquiry on privilege, I do not think,
with respect, that it is clear authority for or against the proposition of law
that a supporting affidavit is necessarily required in order to assert
privilege. I would prefer to approach the question as one of principle.

44 On the facts, the second and third defendants filed no affidavit and made
no appearance in this application. However, while they appear to have been
unrepresented after their former counsels discharged themselves on 31 October
2016, they had on 19 August 2016 clearly declined the first defendant’s
request for disclosure of the Affidavit by means of the Letter on the basis of
litigation privilege. Indeed, this Letter was acknowledged by, and annexed to,
the affidavit of the first defendant’s representative filed in support of its
present application for discovery. Accordingly, I find that the second and
third defendants have clearly invoked litigation privilege over the Affidavit.
The absence of a supporting affidavit filed by them is thus not fatal to the
assertion of such privilege.

(2) Subsistence of litigation privilege

45 In order to establish litigation privilege, the legal advice in question
must have been sought and obtained, or the document concerned must have been
prepared or created: (a) at a time when there was a reasonable prospect of
litigation, and (b) for the dominant purpose of litigation (Asia Pacific
Breweries at [69]–[77]).

46 In the present case, both elements are clearly fulfilled. The Affidavit was
affirmed by the second defendant on the legal advice of his solicitors in the
context, and for the purpose, of ongoing litigation. The Letter and the
Settlement Agreement clearly state that the Affidavit was created for use at
trial by the second and third defendants. The first defendant does not dispute
this and has not suggested that the Affidavit was created for any other
purpose. Accordingly, subject to the issues discussed below, litigation
privilege attaches to the Affidavit.

(3) Privilege in finalised affidavits intended to be used at trial

47 The first defendant contended that litigation privilege no longer subsists
in the Affidavit because the second and third defendants have put it forward
as a finalised document intended to be used as their AEIC at trial. The first
defendant maintains that this is a matter of subsistence, and not waiver, of
the privilege. The plaintiff’s position is that litigation privilege is only
waived in respect of an affidavit when it is served. The Affidavit not having
been served, litigation privilege continues to subsist until that time. The
issue is therefore whether an affidavit that is finalised and intended to be
used later at trial, but not yet served or filed, is disqualified from
protection in litigation privilege.

48 I am of the view that it is not. Draft submissions may have been finalised
and may be intended to be tendered in court, but until that point is reached,
such documents remain privileged. Thus, here, the fact that the affidavit may
be ultimately disclosed to the other side does not change things. Until the
affidavit is actually served or filed, the contents and structure of the
affidavit may be altered, as the parties and their advisors consider how to
present their case and describe their evidence. It is part of the legitimate
preparation of a case for parties to constantly rephrase and rework their
affidavits. Such documents should be protected by litigation privilege, until
such time where confidentiality is unequivocally waived or required to be
waived, to enable the parties to prepare adequately for their case.

49 Further, I would not attach undue legal significance to the labelling of an
affidavit as a draft or final copy. It is not at all clear when one melds into
the other, and the distinction is too fine and manipulable to sustain the
critical issue of whether litigation privilege attaches. Indeed, there may be
some exigencies which require that affidavits be prepared well ahead of time
for service (eg, the anticipated death of a witness and the need to preserve
his or her evidence). That does not and should not mean that the affidavit,
being prepared beforehand, must then be subject to disclosure to the other
party simply because it is finalised.

50 The preponderance of case and text authorities also propose that an
affidavit is usually privileged until actually served. These authorities
suggest that neither the distinction between drafts and finalised affidavits,
nor the amorphous intention of the creator to use (or not to use) the
affidavit later at trial, can stand as the litmus test of waiver or
subsistence of litigation privilege.

51 In Bankim Thanki QC, The Law of Privilege (Oxford University Press: 2011,
2nd Ed) (“Thanki on Privilege”) (at para 5.41):

Prior to service, the witness statement and affidavit remain privileged. Once
served, confidentiality in them is lost vis-à-vis the other parties to the
litigation and privilege can no longer be maintained against those parties in
that action.

52 Similarly, in Colin Passmore, Privilege (Sweet & Maxwell: 2013, 3rd Ed) (at
para 7-187):

Drafts of statements of case, witness statements, experts’ reports and
affidavits prepared for the dominant purpose of use in litigation will almost
certainly be, and will remain, privileged whilst they remain unserved, since
at that point they are still confidential to the party that prepared them.

53 In Charles Hollander, Documentary Evidence (Sweet & Maxwell: 2012, 11th Ed)
(at para 23-21):

There was never any authority as to whether privilege could be claimed for an
unserved affidavit once sworn, but there seems no reason why it should not be
the subject of a claim for privilege…

54 I also noted the English High Court case of General Accident Fire and Life
Assurance Corp Ltd and others v Tanter and others; The Zephyr [1984] 1 WLR
1000 cited by the plaintiff, which opined that an affidavit is privileged
until actually served or used in court (at 108):

Civil Evidence Act statements are frequently put in in evidence. They are
frequently statements which have been given to a solicitor and which, in the
absence of Civil Evidence Act notice being served, would be privileged…
Likewise, the same point arises with regard to affidavits. Affidavits, until
they are served or used in court, are obviously privileged…

55 Further, some support for the plaintiff’s position that an affidavit
remains privileged prior to service, even if finalised and intended to be used
at trial, can be found in the English Court of Appeal decision of Robert
Hitchins. In that case, the plaintiff-buyer sued the defendant-supplier for
breach of contract and misrepresentation. The defendant in turn commenced
third party proceedings against its sub-contractor (“CSB”) on the basis that
if it was in breach of its contract with the plaintiff, then so too was CSB in
breach of the sub-contract with the defendant. Both matters were fixed to be
heard together. At the interlocutory stage, the defendant and CSB settled the
third party proceedings, and CSB’s proposed witnesses provided the defendant
with certain favourable draft witness statements. The defendant sought leave
to serve these statements on the plaintiff out of time, with intent to use
these statements in their defence against the plaintiff’s claim. The plaintiff
in turn sought discovery of the settlement agreement and the draft witness
statements.

56 The plaintiff’s application was rejected both at first instance and on
appeal by a majority of the English Court of Appeal. Both Simon Brown and
Hobhouse LJJ found that litigation privilege persisted in respect of the draft
witness statements in the hands of the defendant. Peter Gibson LJ found that
there was no litigation privilege, but that nonetheless no production would be
ordered as such an order would not be necessary for the fair or efficient
disposal of the matter.

57 Robert Hitchins primarily concerned the legal significance to be attached
to the act of disclosure of a document by one party to another party in a
multi-party litigation, and the issue of privilege in copies – these will be
discussed below. For present purposes, it suffices to note that litigation
privilege was found to attach to these draft witness statements even though
they were clearly intended to be used later at trial.

58 The first defendant seeks to distinguish Robert Hitchins on two bases, but
neither is persuasive. First, it is pointed out that Robert Hitchins dealt
with draft – and not finalised – witness statements. As explained, that
distinction is untenable (see [49] above). Indeed, when probed on the precise
point in the preparatory lifespan of the document at which litigation
privilege is waived (or, according to the first defendant, ceases to subsist),
counsel for the first defendant could not provide a satisfactory response.
Second, the first defendant seeks to distinguish this case as concerning
common interest privilege and not litigation privilege. It is true that Simon
Brown LJ opined that the defendant and CSB shared a “community of interests”,
but that term as I understood it was used broadly and not in the technical
sense. Peter Gibson LJ also expressly clarified, in the context of that case,
that “it cannot be said that some common interest privilege came into being”.

59 The first defendant cites other authorities in support of its submission
that a finalised affidavit intended to be used at trial is not protected by
litigation privilege. These were not persuasive.

60 First, the first defendant referred to Australian Competition and Consumer
Commission v Cadbury Schweppes Pty Ltd (2009) 254 ALR 198 (“Cadbury
Schweppes”). There were two sets of proceedings in this case. In the first
set, the claimant regulator, the Australian Competition and Consumer
Commissioner (“ACCC”), filed and served 111 finalised witness proofs on the
defendant company, Visy, pursuant to an order of court. These witness proofs
were not eventually admitted into evidence as judgment was pronounced on the
basis of agreed facts without trial. The second set of proceedings involved
Cadbury suing Amcor which cross-claimed against Visy. ACCC sought to intervene
in the second set of proceedings to prevent Visy from disclosing the witness
proofs on the basis of litigation privilege. The issue was whether litigation
privilege attached to the final version of witness proofs which the party
claiming privilege (ie, ACCC) had served on an adverse party (ie, Visy) in a
separate set of proceedings pursuant to an order of court. For purposes of the
appeal, the court considered that there was no distinction between affidavits
and proofs of evidence (at [64]). The Federal Court of Australia found that
litigation privilege could not attach to a finalised document intended to be
served on an adversary (at [37]):

In our view, whatever is the extent of confidentiality arising from litigation
privilege, one element of confidentiality is essential, namely non-disclosure
to one’s opponent. To say (as does the ACCC) that the finalised proofs of
evidence were created and served for the existing litigation can be accepted.
However, in our view it is impossible for litigation privilege to attach to
the finalised proofs of evidence, when the finalised proofs of evidence were
created for the purpose of serving them on the ACCC’s opponent and when they
were in fact served on that opponent.

61 On a preliminary note, the language of Cadbury Schweppes suggests that a
document “intended to be given to an opposing party… is not a document in
which privilege subsists” [emphasis added] (at [63]). Strictly speaking, that
has a different nuance from the first defendant’s submission that “a finalised
document intended to be used as evidence at trial is not protected by
litigation privilege” [emphasis added]. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

First defendant’s Written Submissions at para 27.

However, this distinction, if any, is not material in the present application
as the Affidavit would fall within the scope of either statement. Further, the
legal significance to be attached to the act of disclosure is a conceptually
distinct issue which will be dealt with separately below (at [66]-[85]).

62 In any event, I accept the plaintiff’s submission that Cadbury Schweppes
should be distinguished from the present case. For one thing, Cadbury
Schweppes was concerned with only two parties to litigation, and not a multi-
party suit. The interests and policy considerations at play would therefore be
significantly different. Secondly, unlike the present case, Cadbury Schweppes
concerned witness proofs which had in fact been served and filed by ACCC in
the first set of proceedings against Visy. This is not an insignificant
distinction. Indeed, the language used in the judgment appears to be directed
to documents already disclosed or served. As regards the subsistence of
privilege, the court stated that “it is impossible for litigation privilege to
attach to the finalised proofs of evidence, when the finalised proofs of
evidence were created for the purpose of serving them on the ACCC’s opponent
and when they were in fact served on that opponent” [emphasis added] (at
[37]); and further, “whether it be an affidavit, witness statement or
finalised proof of evidence, the purpose in serving and filing is not within
the rationale of litigation privilege once disclosed to an opposing party”
[emphasis added] (at [64]). Similarly, in respect of the court’s alternative
analysis on waiver, the fact that the witness proofs had actually been served
and filed clearly weighed on the court’s mind: “given the context and
circumstances of the filing and serving of the finalised proofs of evidence,
there was a complete waiver” [emphasis added] (at [103]). On this reading,
Cadbury Schweppes may, ironically, be authority in support of the plaintiff’s
proposition that waiver occurs at, and not before, the time of actual filing
or service.

63 Even if Cadbury Schweppes cannot be distinguished, I would respectfully not
follow it. In respect of the holding that a finalised witness proof intended
to be given to an adversary is not protected by litigation privilege, the
primary justification in Cadbury Schweppes appears to be that such a proof
would have been created “for the purpose of serving them on the [adversary]”
(at [37]). However, the purpose of an affidavit (and presumably a witness
statement) is not merely disclosure at some point. An affidavit is created to
present the deponent’s evidence to the court, in order to persuade the court
to reach a particular conclusion on the facts. It is a clear exemplar of a
persuasive document. Its preparation, drafting, and constant redrafting are
within the core conception of preparation for litigation. Inconsistent drafts
may spell doom for the credibility of the deponent. Inappropriate phrasing may
let in an own-goal. Affidavits should thus be prepared within the zone of
privacy that is expected by parties to litigation, to enable each to prepare
his or her own case without prematurely showing the hand that is to be played.

64 The first defendant further cites Western Canadian Place Ltd v Con-Force
Products Ltd [1997] AJ No 354 (“Western Canadian”) for the select quotation
that “no privilege attaches to the affidavits or the transcriptions of cross-
examination on affidavits in the normal course”. However, in that case, the
affidavits in question had already been filed and were even the subject of
cross-examination. This was because, as a result of rather unique facts and
parallel proceedings, the issue of privilege was raised only after the trial
in which the affidavits had been admitted. In fact, the court cited as
authority for its quotation the case of Ed Miller Sales and Abernathy v Ross
(1985) 65 BCLR 142 (Western Canadian at [40]), which stated that there is no
reason to treat affidavits as privileged because that would only protect a
witness against false statements that he/she “has said on oath in the past”
[emphasis added]. Thus, taken in context, the term “affidavit” used in the
choice quote highlighted by the first defendant referred to affidavits already
used in court; it did not refer also to draft affidavits that had not yet been
served or filed. Western Canadian thus does not assist the first defendant.

65 For these reasons, I find that the Affidavit is not deprived of litigation
privilege (whether as a matter of subsistence or waiver) merely by virtue of
it being finalised and intended to be used by the second and third defendants
at trial as their AEIC.

(4) Waiver by selective disclosure in multi-party litigation

66 Pursuant to terms of the Settlement Agreement, the second defendant shared
the Affidavit with the plaintiff even though the plaintiff was on the opposite
side of the litigation. The issue is whether litigation privilege, which I
have found to subsist, was waived because the Affidavit was disclosed to an
adverse party in a multi-party litigation.

67 Sections 128(1) and 128A(1) of the EA contemplate waiver of privilege with
the client’s express consent. Sections 130 and 131 of the EA, in turn, provide
for the specific situations in which a client may be said to have impliedly
waiver his privilege. Nonetheless, cases such as Tentat Singapore Pte Ltd v
Multiple Granite Pte Ltd and others [2009] 1 SLR(R) 42 and Gelatissimo
Ventures (S) Pte Ltd and others v Singapore Flyer Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 833
appear to support a broader proposition that implied waiver may be found
wherever there is a clearly evinced intention to give up confidentiality in a
document. It is noted that these cases have gone beyond the literal scope of
ss 131 and 130 of the EA. But this judicially crafted proposition is, as noted
by Professor Pinsler, rooted in sound principle (see Pinsler on Evidence at
para 14.088). Further, even if a general principle of implied waiver is
inconsistent with the EA as regards legal advice privilege, it does not follow
that the same may be said of litigation privilege. Unlike the former which is
largely enshrined in the EA, the latter has its very basis stemming from the
common law (Asia Pacific Breweries at [67]).

68 On this premise, in a situation where the privileged document is disclosed,
presented, or shared with another, what matters is the context and purpose for
which this was done. If the document is indeed supplied in confidence, that
act of sharing would not amount to implied waiver. If the circumstances show
that confidence is intended to be surrendered, or disregarded, by that act of
sharing, then that act amounts to waiver even if no express words have been
used to that effect. The question is whether a shield of confidentiality can
reasonably be expected to exist following the sharing of the heretofore
privileged document. In this regard, it should be noted that “[g]iven the
importance of legal professional privilege, waiver is not to be easily
implied” (ARX at [69]).

69 These same principles apply in the context of a multi-party litigation. In
such cases, selective disclosure of a document to some but not all of the
parties does not necessarily constitute waiver of the litigation privilege as
against all the parties; much would depend on the context of that disclosure
and its effect on the confidentiality of the document concerned. In this
regard, it is not determinative that the party to whom disclosure was made
stood in an adversarial position vis-à-vis the party who made the disclosure,
or that the document concerned was intended to be used at trial or otherwise.

70 To my mind, this approach is in line with the common law position and the
opinion of the leading texts.

71 The first authority is Canada Safeway. In this case, one of the defendants,
Pace, sought discovery of an expert report which the claimant, Safeway, had
obtained for the purpose of the litigation. Pace argued that Safeway had
waived litigation privilege over that report by disclosing it to another of
the defendants, Toromont, in connection with settlement negotiations between
Safeway and Toromont. It was emphasized that Safeway and Toromont were
adversaries who were “opposite in interest” (at [10]).

72 Burrow J in the Alberta Court of Queen’s Bench found that there was no
waiver: the selective disclosure by Safeway to Toromont did not indicate that
it had surrendered the privacy or confidentiality of the report as against
Pace. The court declined to follow Lehman v Insurance Corp of Ireland [1984] 1
WWR 615 (Manitoba Queen’s Bench), in which the exchange of a report in similar
circumstances was held to have destroyed the privilege claimed. Instead,
Burrow J preferred an approach which aligned the inquiry on waiver more
closely with the rationale of litigation privilege (at [15]):

In my view the determination of whether or not the acknowledged privilege has
been waived should start from the rationale for the privilege. As noted,
litigation privilege exists to ensure to parties who submit their dispute to
resolution through the adversarial process a zone of privacy in the
preparation of their case. The privilege gives priority to a litigant’s
interest in a zone of privacy over the general policy of disclosure of
relevant information. When it is suggested that the privilege has been waived,
the question becomes whether the event said to be a waiver has made the
rationale for the privilege inapplicable, or whether the event otherwise
justifies a reversal of the priority.

73 To my mind, this captures the rationale of litigation privilege in
Singapore just as much as in Alberta. Burrow J went on to explain how this
approach would be applied in the context of litigation privilege (at [18]):

In this case, in the context of litigation privilege, the first question is
whether the communication of the privileged information to one of many
adversaries signalled that a zone of privacy was no longer required for the
communicated information. The second question is whether the communication of
the information in the circumstances makes it unfair to continue to maintain
the privilege.

74 On the facts before him, Burrows J concluded that both questions in the
above quotation were to be answered in the negative. The same may be said of
the present case: selective disclosure of the Affidavit by the second and
third defendants to the plaintiff did not signal that a zone of privacy was no
longer required in respect of the Affidavit vis-à-vis the first defendant. Nor
would it be unfair for the privilege to be maintained as against the first
defendant. These points will be elaborated on later.

75 The first defendant seeks to distinguish Canada Safeway on the basis that
it dealt with reports which were caveated to be used solely for discussion and
not at trial (Canada Safeway at [7]). With respect, this appears to be an
immaterial distinction. An intention to use a document at trial is at best an
inchoate intention to waive privilege, or surrender confidentiality, at a
later time. Further, the presence (or absence) of any intention to use the
document later at trial also does not add to (or detract from) the proposition
that, in a multi-party litigation, selective disclosure of a document to one
party does not in itself mean a waiver of privilege in respect of all the
other parties.

76 Simon Brown and Hobhouse LJJ of the majority in Robert Hitchins have
similarly held that selective disclosure of a document did not necessarily
deprive it of the claim to privilege. The facts of this case have been set out
(see [55]–[56] above). As explained, this was a multi-party litigation in
which the plaintiff sought discovery of draft witness statements that had been
disclosed by the third party, CBS, to the defendant. Simon Brown LJ upheld the
existence of litigation privilege and reasoned that the ability to make such
selective disclosure fell within the rationale of litigation privilege:

… [W]hat is the status of an undoubtedly privileged document once it is
confided by the party who brought it into existence to another party in the
same proceedings? That question … I would seek to answer by reference to first
principles. The policy objective underlying this particular head of legal
professional privilege – privilege, that is, attaching to documents brought
into existence predominantly for the purpose of litigation – must surely be to
enable parties or prospective parties to prepare properly for litigation in
the confidence that others thereafter will not be entitled to examine and
perhaps profit from their preparatory documentation. That these draft
statements were privileged in the hands of the third party is not in doubt.
Nor can one doubt that the third party remain intent upon keeping them from
the plaintiffs... They have not, in short, waived their privilege vis-à-vis
the plaintiffs at any stage. Why should they not, in these circumstances, be
free to communicate these statements to the defendants, whether originals or
copies surely ought not to make the slightest difference, without surrendering
their privileged character?

77 Similarly, Hobhouse LJ held that selective disclosure by CSB of the witness
statements to the defendant (but not the plaintiff) did not constitute waiver
of CSB’s litigation privilege as against the plaintiff:

There is no dispute that the relevant documents were the subject of legal
professional privilege in the hands of the third party. There is no suggestion
that the third party has chosen to waive its privilege in those documents as
against the plaintiffs. They have chosen to share them with the defendants and
therefore as between those two parties no question of privilege can arise. But
there is no basis for a suggestion [that] the third party elected to waive its
privilege as against the plaintiffs. As has been pointed out by Lord Justice
Simon Brown, if they had wished to do that it would have been easy for them
simply to send copies of the relevant documents to the plaintiff's solicitor.
They have not done that.

78 In my view, the reasoning of the majority vindicates the policy rationale
of the privilege, ie, according parties with the autonomy to preparation for
litigation in confidence and privacy, and with respect, should be preferred
for that reason.

79 The learned AR below recognised a “factual distinction” between Robert
Hitchins and the present case – whereas in Robert Hitchins the parties to the
selective disclosure shared a “community of interest”, in the present case the
plaintiff and the second and third defendants stand adverse to one another in
the litigation (UOB v Lippo at [34]). There is no difficulty in this regard.
Even if the privileged document is shared with an adverse party, that does not
necessarily destroy or undermine the ability of sharing party to claim
privilege against the other parties. This goes back to the basis or rationale
of litigation privilege: to protect the parties’ ability to prepare their
cases in confidence. This rationale applies with equal force in multi-party
litigation. On this premise, it is a legitimate part of such preparation, with
a view to obtaining the best possible outcome in a given case, to work out
compromises or resolutions with only some of the parties, adverse or
otherwise, so that a better position can be obtained against the remaining
ones. Further, in a multi-party litigation, the parties’ interests are
kaleidoscopic, nuanced, and ever-changing. The fact that litigation privilege
may be waived in respect of one such party does not mean that there is general
waiver all around. For completeness, it should be noted that the sharing
parties in Robert Hitchins (ie, the defendant and CSB) could also have been
considered adverse parties, given the unknown terms of their settlement
agreement and the possibility that CSB would ultimately be liable to indemnify
the defendant for any judgment obtained by the plaintiff.

80 The recognition that selective disclosure is consistent with the
subsistence of litigation privilege has also been demonstrated in several
other authorities identified by the learned AR (see, eg, Jonathan Auburn,
Legal Professional Privilege: Law and Theory (Hart Publishing, 2000)
(“Auburn”) at p 203; Phipson on Evidence at para 26-30; Gotha City v Sotheby’s
and another [1998] 1 WLR 114 at 119). The following passage from Thanki on
Privilege is instructive (at paras 5.11-5.13):

It is now well established that a document which would otherwise be privileged
does not lose the quality of confidentiality necessary to attract privilege
simply because it has been seen by someone other than the lawyer and client.
It depends on the extent to which and the reason why the document has gone
beyond the boundaries of the solicitor-client relationship...

If a document has been made available to the general public then confidence
and therefore privilege is lost completely.

… However, where the document or information has been communicated to a
limited number of third parties in circumstances expressly or implied
preserving the overall confidentiality as against the rest of the world, then
it is unlikely that a party to litigation who has not seen the document will
be able to claim that privilege does not attach.

81 In rebuttal, the first defendant cites Faraday Capital Limited v SBG
Roofing Limited (in liquidation), Governors of Norbridge Primary & Nursery
School, Nottingham County Council [2006] EWHC 2522 (Comm) (“Faraday Capital”),
in which there were two sets of proceedings. In the first set, the school
obtained judgment against a roofing company whose negligence led to a fire at
the school’s premises. The second set of proceedings were then brought by the
insurer against the school and the insured roofing company in repudiation of
its liability under the relevant insurance policy. The school sought discovery
of certain statements made by two employees of the insured roofing company to
the insurer in the course of investigating the cause of the fire. The insurer
resisted on the ground of litigation privilege. The English High Court allowed
discovery of the statements. Cooke J reasoned that there was no basis for
privilege as there was no requisite confidentiality in respect of statements
disclosed by one opposing party to another:

18 … Confidentiality is the basis upon which privilege is asserted and, in the
context of information supplied by or on behalf of one party to another, there
can be no question of confidentiality.

82 In my view, Faraday Capital can be distinguished from the present case as
it again involved a two-party paradigm. While there were technically three
parties mentioned in that case, the court had found – as a premise to its
decision on confidentiality – that the statements were taken at a time when
litigation was contemplated as between the insured and the insurer (ie, the
provider and recipient of the statements) (at [8]). In this situation, there
are only two parties to the suit and disclosure of a document to the only
counterparty would for obvious reasons be more likely to constitute an
absolute waiver of confidentiality than if selective disclosure had been made
only to one counterparty in a multi-party litigation.

83 On a final note, the plaintiff relies on the case of Stax Claimants, but
given its context, I do not think that would assist significantly. In that
case, the claimants sued the defendants for losses as a result of certain
pension-related matters. The defendants’ argument was that the claimants had
relied on their own independent financial advisors (“IFAs”) instead. The
defendants thus brought claims seeking contributions from the IFAs in what is
known in the UK as a Part 20 claim. After a meeting was held between the
claimants’ and the IFAs’ solicitors, the defendants sought disclosure of the
meeting minutes and other related documents. The primary issue related to
without prejudice privilege. Warren J in the English High Court found that it
did not apply, but was willing to consider the applicability of litigation
privilege. In that regard, he expressed all his statements on litigation
privilege in a tentative form because he found that “[i]t is… not possible for
me to reach a final conclusion on whether the documents are privileged without
looking at them” (at [32]). There are dicta that may be relevant to the
present case, but given the context, that case should be approached with some
circumspection.

84 In the final analysis, it is evident from the authorities that where
privileged documents are shared with an adversary, that is not necessarily a
waiver of litigation privilege if it is done with the intent of reaching a
resolution or arrangement with only that adversary, even if the litigation
remains live against some other party. The mere fact that the parties sharing
a document may be at different ends of the bar table does not mean that
confidentiality is necessarily waived. Multi-party litigation is complex, with
both overlapping and disparate interests and objectives. It is entirely
legitimate for a party to pick off by lawful means some of his or her
adversaries, so that attention may be focused on the others that remain. In
these circumstances, where selective disclosure is made in a multi-party
litigation, the rationale of litigation privilege continues to be engaged: a
zone of privacy needs to be preserved in the preparation of litigation as
against those others.

85 On the facts, it is clear that the second and third defendant did not
intend, by their disclosure of the Affidavit to the plaintiff, to waive
privilege (or surrender confidentiality) in the Affidavit as against the first
defendant. The disclosure was made under the cover of a without prejudice
letter and in the context of exclusive settlement negotiations between the
second and third defendant on the one part, and the plaintiff on the other.
Clause 2.2 of the Settlement Agreement also provide that, save in limited
specified circumstances, the plaintiff and the second and third defendants
“shall keep confidential and shall not disclose to any person whatsoever any
information relating to or arising out of [the Settlement Agreement].” I agree
with the learned AR that this clause would cover the Affidavit. The second and
third defendants have expressly and consistently refused to disclose the
Affidavit to the first defendant. The first defendant points out that the
Settlement Agreement itself requires the Affidavit to be deployed as evidence
at trial, but that relates to a future indeterminate contingency and does not
mean that confidentiality was intended to be waived forthwith. In the
circumstances, the conduct of the second and third defendants (ie, their
selective disclosure of the Affidavit to the plaintiff) was clearly consistent
with their maintaining confidentiality and privilege in the Affidavit as
against the first defendant.

86 For these reasons, I find that litigation privilege subsists in the
Affidavit and has not been waived as against the first defendant by the second
and third defendants’ selective disclosure of it to the plaintiff.

Privilege in the plaintiff’s copy of the Affidavit

(1) Standing to assert privilege

87 Generally, privilege in a document belongs to the party who created that
document, or on whose behalf the document was created. It should thus be
asserted by that party or his successor. That being the case, the issue is
whether the plaintiff being only a recipient of a copy of the Affidavit has
standing to assert litigation privilege over the document.

88 I find that he has. Support may be found in Paul Matthews & Hodge M Malek
QC, Disclosure (Sweet & Maxwell: 2012, 4th Ed) (“Matthews & Malek”), in which
the learned authors reasoned (at para 11.34):

A copy made of a document already privileged in the hands of one party… for
handling over to another party with no intention of waiving privilege as
against other parties is privileged in that second party’s hands and that
second party may himself assert the privilege…

89 In his oral submissions, counsel for the first defendant highlighted Peter
Gibson LJ’s dictum in Robert Hitchins: “[t]he general rule is that privilege
in a document can only be asserted by the person who brought the document into
existence, or his successor.” However, that quotation must be taken in
context. In that case, the witness statements concerned were created by CSB
for a third party claim which stood distinct from the main suit between the
plaintiff and defendant. The defendant was thus attempting to independently
assert in the main suit privilege over the witness statements created by CSB
for the third party suit. That is not the case at present. In this regard, I
would prefer the reasoning of Simon Brown LJ on a party’s standing to assert
litigation privilege as the recipient of a privileged document that was
selectively disclosed:

I recognise… that the defendants [ie, recipients of the privileged documents]
are not in a strict sense the successors in title to the third party [ie,
creators of the privileged documents]. But again, why should that be fatal to
their right to assert the self-same privilege as the third parties, had they
remained party to the proceedings[,] would unarguably been entitled to invoke?

90 In any event, even if the plaintiff here does not traditionally possess
standing to assert litigation privilege over his copy of the Affidavit, I am
of the view that the law should be developed to permit him to do so, given the
policy reasons underlying a recognition of litigation privilege in this multi-
party litigation context. The plaintiff should be entitled to assert such
privilege over his copy at least insofar as the privilege in the original
Affidavit subsists and has not been waived by the second and third defendants.

(2) Privilege in a copy

91 Based on the above findings, the original Affidavit that remains with the
second and third defendants is privileged from disclosure. However, as the
plaintiff clarified, what it has is only a copy of that Affidavit.

92 In my view, to the extent that litigation privilege covers the original
Affidavit in the hands of the second and third defendants, it would also cover
the copy of the Affidavit that is with the plaintiff. It is important to
distinguish conceptually between the act of copying and the act of sharing the
document concerned: different legal significance may attach to each act. As a
general rule, the mere making of copies does not destroy or waive the
privilege that otherwise subsists in the original document; without more, the
copies themselves are also similarly privileged. This must be so in today’s
world of photocopiers, scanners, and e-mails. Further, as the learned AR
observed, in the present case it would make a mockery of the litigation
privilege that attaches to the original Affidavit if a party could be
compelled to disclose copies of it merely by virtue of the fact that copies
exist.

93 I appreciate that there are authorities which appear to distinguish between
the privileged status of the original document and that of the copies. The
learned authors of Phipson on Evidence, observing that “[t]he rule on copies
are confusing and in consequence not well understood”, stated that “[i]n
determining whether copies are privileged, it is necessary to consider the
purpose for which the copy document came into existence, and to consider each
situation individually” (at paras 23-52 to 23-53). The line of authorities
cited, however, does not arise for authoritative reconsideration at present.
It suffices to observe that with the passage of time and changes to technology
and legal practice, less legal significance would likely be accorded to the
copying of a document in the present day.

94 Further, a distinction may have to be drawn between the copying of a
privileged document, and the copying of an unprivileged document: there is no
necessary symmetry in the applicable principles. To this end, Lord Denning MR
opined in Buttes Gas and Oil Co v Hammer (No 3) [1980] 3 All ER 475 (at 484)
(cited in Coles v Elders Finance & Investment Co Ltd [1993] 2 VR 356 at 360):

If the original document is privileged… so also is any copy made by the
solicitor. But if the original is not privileged, a copy of it also is not
privileged, even though it was made by a solicitor for the purpose of
litigation…

95 The present case concerns only the former situation in which copies were
made of an otherwise privileged original document. The apparently conflicting
dicta in Robert Hitchins must also be read in light of this distinction.
Hobhouse LJ, who found that privilege attached to the original witness
statements in the hands of CSB, concluded that the copies thereof in the hands
of the defendant would similarly be privileged as both the original and copies
shared the same character:

In this case no problem arises about any distinction between copies and
originals. The document which would have to be disclosed under a production
order, if such was made, would be copies not originals. But they are copies
which have the same character as the originals and fall within the policy
which has been applied in recognition of legal professional privilege.

96 In contrast, Peter Gibson LJ’s dictum suggesting that copies did not have
privilege was premised on his finding that the original witness statements
created by CSB were equally not privileged:

I would be reluctant to hold today that where a document for which a party
could not claim privilege was photocopied, the mere making of the photocopy
for the purposes of litigation was sufficient to create the privilege in the
party causing the photocopy to be made.

97 There may be other issues and inconsistencies in the issue of privilege in
copies, but those do not concern the present case. For present purposes, there
is practical wisdom in adopting the general position stated by Professor
Pinsler: “It is clear that where an original document is privileged, a copy of
it is also privileged” (Pinsler on Evidence at para 14.034). There is no
reason to depart from this presumptive position at present. Taken with my
decision above on the privileged status of the original Affidavit, the
plaintiff’s copy of the Affidavit is similarly privileged notwithstanding that
it is not the original.

98 In any event, the same result would attain even if we examine the purpose
for which the copy of the Affidavit was made, as proposed in Phipson on
Evidence (see [93] above). In this regard, it was undisputed that the copy of
the Affidavit was made in the context, and for the purpose, of ongoing
litigation. Accordingly, I find that the litigation privilege which attaches
to the Affidavit was not destroyed or waived by the fact that it was copied,
or because of the purpose for which it was copied.

Issue 2: Is the Affidavit protected by without prejudice privilege

General principles

99 Given my findings above, the issue of without prejudice privilege does not
strictly arise and need only to be dealt with briefly. The applicable
provision is s 23(1) of the EA, which reads:

(1) In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made –

(a) upon an express condition that evidence of it is not to be given; or

(b) upon circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed
together that evidence of it should not be given.

100 Section 23(1) must be understood in its statutory context. Section 21 of
the EA provides that an admission is relevant and may be proved against its
maker, or by the maker in limited specified circumstances. Section 23 of the
EA provides an exception to s 21, setting out circumstances in which the
admission is not relevant.

101 The leading decision on s 23(1) of the EA is the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd and another
[2006] 4 SLR 807 (“Mariwu”). Strictly speaking, that case relates to a
previous version of s 23, prior to the 2012 amendments to the EA. At that
time, s 23 of the EA was a single provision. In 2012, s 23 was converted into
s 23(1) and a new sub-section (2) was added as a reformulation of the previous
explanation to s 23 (see Pinsler on Evidence at para 15-002). The 2012
amendment does not affect the analysis in this case, and Mariwu remains
instructive for present purposes.

102 As explained in Mariwu in the context of the former s 23 of the EA, s
23(1) is “a statutory enactment of the common law principle relating to the
admissibility of ‘without prejudice’ communications based on the policy of
encouraging settlements” (at [24]). This head of privilege has two
justifications, either or both of which may apply in a given case: first, the
public policy of encouraging out of court settlement negotiations, and
secondly, an implied agreement arising out of what is commonly understood to
be the consequences of offering or agreeing to negotiate without prejudice
(Mariwu at [24] citing Hoffmann LJ (as he then was) in Muller v Linsley and
Mortimer [1996] PNLR 74).

Without prejudice privilege in multi-party litigation

103 As noted by Professor Pinsler, s 23(1) of the EA does not itself
contemplate multi-party litigation (Pinsler on Evidence at para 15.014).
However, in Mariwu, the Court of Appeal recognised as applicable at common law
the leading House of Lords decision in Rush & Tompkins v Greater London
Council [1988] 3 All ER 737 (“Rush & Tompkins”): “Given our interpretation
that the rationale of the s 23 privilege is to encourage settlements, I can
see no inconsistency between that section and Rush & Tompkins” (at [28]). In
Rush & Tompkins, the doctrine of without prejudice privilege was applied in a
multi-party litigation to address the likelihood that if the privilege did not
protect settlement negotiations between a sub-group of the parties, that would
“place a serious fetter on negotiations between [them] if they knew that
everything that passed between them would ultimately have to be revealed to
the one obdurate litigant” (at 744). Accordingly, the common law principles on
without prejudice privilege apply in this case: the privilege protects from
disclosure admissions made in the course of genuine negotiations to settle
actual or contemplated litigation (see Matthews & Malek at para 14.02).

Standing to assert without prejudice privilege

104 Without prejudice privilege may be asserted by any one of the parties to
the settlement negotiations. This flows from the principle that it is for all
the parties involved in the negotiations to waive the privilege. As explained
in Phipson on Evidence, this is a recognised anomaly in the law on privileges
(at para 24-10):

Without prejudice privilege is seen as a form of privilege and usually treated
as such. It does not, however, have the same attributes as the law of
privilege. Privilege can be waived at the behest of the party entitled to the
privilege. Without prejudice privilege can only normally be waived with the
consent of both parties to the correspondence.

105 Similarly, Thanki on Privilege stated as follows (at para 7.39):

The without prejudice privilege belongs to both parties. Without prejudice
communications therefore cannot be shown to the court without the consent of
both parties.

106 There is good reason for this position. What is protected is the
discussion between the disputants; allowing any one of them to unilaterally
use or disclose the documents would defeat the aim of protecting the safe
haven of confidentiality under the privilege (see Le Foe v Le Foe and Woolwich
Plc [2001] 2 FLR 970 at 996 citing Lord Esher MR in Walker v Wilsher (1889) 23
QBD 335).

107 Given that without prejudice privilege belongs properly to both parties to
settlement negotiations, there is no issue with the plaintiff independently
asserting without prejudice privilege over the Affidavit even if the second
and third defendants, with whom settlement negotiations were conducted and in
whose names the Affidavit was sworn, do not do the same.

Subsistence of without prejudice privilege

108 Substantively, the first defendant argues that without prejudice privilege
does not protect the Affidavit from disclosure because (a) the Affidavit was
made pursuant to, and not in the course of, the settlement negotiations, (b)
the Affidavit does not contain admissions against the second or third
defendant’s interest, and (c) the privilege was waived as the Settlement
Agreement envisaged the Affidavit being used at trial. For present purposes, I
deal only with the first two contentions and make no comment as regards the
third.

(1) Made in the course of settlement negotiations

109 I agree with the first defendant that while without prejudice privilege
may persist after a settlement is reached, such privilege generally does not
protect the product of the settlement negotiations, ie, the compromise or
settlement itself. In this regard, Phipson on Evidence stated: “Although the
negotiations may be without prejudice, the resulting agreement will not be,
and thus the agreement will be disclosable where relevant” (in footnote 103 to
para 24-16).

110 On the facts, the Affidavit is referred to in the Settlement Agreement
with language which contemplates that the Affidavit is to be created after the
Settlement Agreement is concluded. This suggests that the Affidavit is not an
admission made in the course of settlement negotiations, but rather
encapsulates the final outcome of the privileged discussions or at least a
part thereof. The references to the Affidavit in this Settlement Agreement
would also seem to incorporate the Affidavit as part of the Settlement
Agreement. Therefore, the Affidavit is not itself protected by without
prejudice privilege. There may be other factual and legal arguments not
canvassed before me, which may merit argument on another occasion. As it is, I
would leave the matter here in view of my conclusion on litigation privilege
above.

(2) Admission

111 There are two limbs in s 23(1) of the EA, but regardless of which is
invoked, the privilege applies in respect of an “admission” within the meaning
of the term in the chapeau of the provision. Under the EA, the statutory
definition of “admission” is contained in s 17(1) of the EA: “An admission is
a statement, oral or documentary, which suggests any inference as to any fact
in issue or relevant fact, and which is made by any of the persons and under
the circumstances hereinafter mentioned”. At common law, without prejudice
privilege also applies only to admissions against the maker’s interest (see
Mariwu at [31]; Sin Lian Heng Construction Pte Ltd v SingTel [2007] 2 SLR(R)
433 at [13]; Krishna Kumaran s/o K Ramakrishnan v Kuppusamy s/o Ramakrishnan
[2014] 4 SLR 232 at [16]).

112 Based on what is stated of the Affidavit in the Settlement Agreement, the
Affidavit focuses on “the nature and extent of [the first defendant’s]
involvement in the allegations of fraud and conspiracy” (see Recital [L] and
cl 1.2 of the Settlement Agreement). Neither the plaintiff nor the second and
third defendants have provided any evidence that the Affidavit contains
matters going beyond that. The mere reference to the first defendant’s
involvement and liability does not mean that the Affidavit would necessarily
be against the second and third defendants’ interests: the Affidavit may well
push blame onto the first defendant and absolve the second and third
defendants. In the circumstances, it is difficult to see how the Affidavit
would constitute or contain an admission by the second and third defendants.

113 For these reasons, I find that although the plaintiff is entitled to
independently assert without prejudice privilege over the Affidavit, such
privilege does not subsist because: (a) the Affidavit was made pursuant to,
and not in the course of, the settlement negotiations, and (b) the Affidavit
was not, and does not contain, an admission against the interests of its
makers.

Miscellaneous

Other forms of privilege

114 Traditionally, common interest privilege has two aspects (Phipson on
Evidence at para 24-05). First, it can be used to enable party B to shield
behind the privilege of party A and prevent party C from obtaining or using
documents from B which were disclosed pursuant to the common interest between
A and B in the subject matter of the communications (see, eg, Motorola
Solutions Credit Co LLC v Kemal Uzan and others [2015] SGHC 228). Second, it
can also be used to enable A to obtain from B documents which B can withhold
on the ground of privilege against the rest of the world, on the basis that it
is inconsistent with their common interest for B to claim privilege against A
in relation to these documents (see, eg, The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v
Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 385 at [190]-[191]).

115 This doctrine was not argued or pleaded in the present case by the
parties. In any case, for either aspect of common interest privilege to apply,
some similar interest should be at stake, but there was no evidence of that
nature here. Indeed, there is some force in the first defendant’s argument
that insufficient common interest exists between the plaintiff and the second
and third defendants because by the terms of the Settlement Agreement, the
plaintiff undertakes to “regulate future claims” and refrain from enforcing
any judgment eventually obtained against the second and third defendants, but
their substantive positions remain opposed during the litigation and they
continue to take adversarial positions even in other applications before the
court.

116 As regards joint interest privilege, which requires the relationship to be
within specific categories, the parties here were not in any such type of
relationship as to qualify. Nor was the doctrine argued or pleaded.

Unfairness and the policy of candour

117 Two remaining arguments raised by the first defendant should be dealt
with. First, he argues that it would be an unfair advantage if the plaintiff,
but not he, has access to the Affidavit. That is not the case. As the learned
AR observed, there is no unfairness in disallowing compelled disclosure of the
Affidavit to the first defendant since he has, in the first place, no right to
view the Affidavit in advance of the timelines for exchange of AEICs. Indeed,
it may create a situation of unfairness if the court were to step in and
compel expedited disclosure of only the AEIC of the second and third
defendants (ie, the Affidavit) but not that of the other parties.

118 Secondly, the first defendant argues that justice is better served by
candour than suppression. The actual position is, however, more nuanced. The
various forms of privilege may each serve a different policy purpose. In
recognition of the different factual situations that may arise, the courts
will calibrate the relevant doctrine to best reflect their underlying
rationale in novel situations. The overriding objective of this effort is to
ensure the secure and effective administration of justice. In the context of a
multi-party suit such as the present, it is part and parcel of legitimate
trial preparation and strategy for a party to be able to show his hand to some
but not all, and to explore the possibility of compromise on some if not all
issues of dispute. This may differ from the traditional conception of
litigation privilege in a two-party context, but the rationale for giving the
parties “the autonomy… to strategise and prepare their cases in private in the
interest of optimal presentation at the trial” continues to shine through
(Pinsler on Evidence at para 14.002).

Conclusion

119 For the foregoing reasons, while I have not found without prejudice
privilege, I agree with the learned AR’s conclusion that litigation privilege
applies to the Affidavit, whether in relation to the original in the hands of
the second and third defendants, or to the copy in the custody of the
plaintiff. The appeal is therefore dismissed. Directions for arguments on
costs will be given separately.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Eddee Ng, Alcina Chew, Lau Qiuyu and Sherlene Goh  
(Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff;  
See Chern Yang and Teng Po Yew (Premier Law LLC) for the first defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 29 Oct 2020 (20:25 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

