Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 316

Suit No 1217 of 2015

Between

| BOK  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| BOL  
---|---  
(2)| BOM  
|  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Deeds and other instruments] — [Deeds] — [Misrepresentation]

[Equity] — [Mistake] — [Mistake of law]

[Equity] — [Unconscionable transactions]

[Equity] — [Undue influence] — [Actual]

[Equity] — [Undue influence] — [Presumed]

[Trusts] — [Express trusts] — [Certainties]

[Trusts] — [Express trusts] — [Constitution] — [Future property]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BOK

  

v

  

BOL and another

[2017] SGHC 316

High Court — Suit No 1217 of 2015  
Valerie Thean J  
17–21, 25 July, 18 September; 29 September 2017

11 December 2017 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

1 Three days after his mother’s funeral, a 29-year-old signed a declaration of
trust (“DOT”) which purported to constitute him and his wife, the second
defendant, as joint trustees of all his assets for the sole benefit of their
infant son, the first defendant. He now brings this action to set aside that
DOT. For the reasons that I shall explain, I set it aside.

Background

2 Prior to the commencement of trial, I granted under s 8(2) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) the first defendant’s
application for these proceedings to be heard in camera. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

First defendant’s Opening Statement dated 12 July 2017 at para 5.

This was expedient in the interests of justice because this suit is
intertwined with an ongoing divorce suit between the plaintiff and the second
defendant, which is being heard in camera under s 10(1) of the Family Justice
Act 2014 (No 27 of 2014) as a matter of course. That suit commenced on 25
November 2015, before this action began, and involves their two minor
children. Interim judgment was granted on 26 September 2016 and ancillary
matters are to be dealt with after the completion of this suit. Exercising my
discretion under O 42 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed), I
have therefore also published this judgment on the terms that the parties’
names and details are to be redacted.

The parties’ background

3 The plaintiff is now 33 years old. He is an oil and gas trader and holds the
office of managing director in an energy company. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 3.

His parents were divorced and his father passed away early in his life.
Through his father’s inheritance, he was already a man of substantial means
with two apartments in the Marina Bay Sands area before he started working. He
shared a close relationship with his late mother. The second defendant is his
wife. She is 37 years old and has been unemployed since 2012. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para 7.

She was a practising lawyer for four years before spending two years in the
banking industry. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para 7.

4 The plaintiff and the second defendant were childhood friends through the
acquaintance of his mother and her parents. Their romantic relationship began
in November 2011. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 16.

In April 2012, the second defendant became pregnant with his child. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 17.

His mother became aware of their relationship in the middle of 2012 and she
strongly disapproved of it. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 19.

As a result, she and the second defendants’ family became estranged.

5 Despite opposition from the plaintiff’s mother, the plaintiff and the second
defendant married in August 2012. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 20.

After they married, the plaintiff continued living with his mother at one of
her properties, which I shall call the Holland Road property. This was with
the exception of a short period between October and November 2012, during
which the plaintiff stayed with the second defendant and her parents at their
family home, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 23.

which I shall call the Stevens Road property.

6 In December 2012, the first defendant was born to the couple. The
relationship between the plaintiff’s mother and the second defendant continued
to be strained and the plaintiff’s mother did not acknowledge the first
defendant as the plaintiff’s son. She continued to maintain in public that the
plaintiff was not married. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 26.

7 In the following months, the plaintiff became occupied with his work, for
which he travelled overseas frequently. While he remained in telephone contact
with the second defendant twice a week, he would see the defendants only two
or three times a month. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 23.

This was a difficult period for the couple. They each have differing accounts
of an incident in the middle of 2013 in which the second defendant allegedly
created a scene at the plaintiff’s office with their son and a friend. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 24;
Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 40 at line 19 to p 41 at line 3.

By January 2014, however, they had begun to discuss setting up a home of their
own. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
47.

They had found an apartment which they planned to make their family home. I
shall it call the Scotts Road apartment.

The plaintiff’s mother is killed

8 Tragedy struck on 19 March 2014. The plaintiff’s mother was killed at her
home. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 28.

At that time, she and the plaintiff were living at the Holland Road property
because her usual residence, which I shall call the Bukit Timah property, was
under renovation. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Certified Transcript, 17 July 2017, p 91 at lines 1-5.

The plaintiff was on a business trip the day he received news of her death,
and he flew back to Singapore that very day. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 29.

When he arrived at the Holland Road property, he saw that the police had
cordoned it off. He accepted the second defendant’s invitation to stay with
her family at the Stevens Road property. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 30;
Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para 50.

9 The plaintiff’s mother’s funeral was held on 23 March 2014. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 32.

On the morning of 26 March 2014, the plaintiff and his sister went to see
their late mother’s lawyers to read their mother’s will. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 33.

It turned out that their mother had created a testamentary trust over her
assets, which were valued at about $54m. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 61.

Two landed properties contributed to the bulk of that value, namely, the
Holland Road property and the Bukit Timah property. She had appointed the
plaintiff and his sister as the executors and trustees of her will, and they
were to sell the properties only after the twenty-fifth anniversary of her
death. Until that date, they were each permitted to withdraw a sum not
exceeding $10,000 per month from the estate. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 58 at cl 3(b).

10 After they had read the will, they went to the Stevens Road property for
lunch with the second defendant and her mother. The plaintiff and his sister
agreed not to reveal the contents of the will to the second defendant. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 35.

At lunch, therefore, the plaintiff tried not to mention the will. The second
defendant knew that they had gone to see their mother’s lawyers, however, and
she asked them about the will. The plaintiff lied to her that his mother had
left all her property to charity. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Certified Transcript, 21 July 2017, p 24 at lines 6 to 11.

Also discussed at the table was the idea of converting the Bukit Timah
property into an art gallery in remembrance of the plaintiff’s mother, who had
lived there for many years. The extent and role of this idea in the lunch
conversation is disputed.

The plaintiff signs the DOT of 26 March 2014

11 After lunch, the plaintiff and his sister left the Stevens Road property.
24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 37.

While they were out of the house, the second defendant began drawing up a DOT
by hand. When the plaintiff returned in the evening, the second defendant
asked him into her bedroom to sign the handwritten DOT, which reads: 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 43.

TRUST DEED

DATE: 26 MARCH 2014

By this Trust Deed, I, [the plaintiff], NRIC No. [xxx] of [xxx], hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably declare that all assets, both personal and
immoveable, owned by me, whether legally or beneficially, shall be held in
trust by me and [the second defendant], NRIC No. [xxx] of [xxx], as joint
trustees for the sole benefit of our son [the first defendant], Birth
Certificate number [xxx].

It is also hereby declared that either I or [the second defendant] shall be
authorised to take any and all steps to protect and safeguard the beneficial
interest of the Beneficiary [the first defendant], Birth Certificate number
[xxx].

Below the text, there was space for the signatures of the plaintiff and second
defendant with the description that the DOT was “Signed, Sealed and Delivered”
by each of them “on the date abovementioned”.

12 The plaintiff refused to sign the document initially. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 39.

This led to an argument between the plaintiff and the second defendant. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at paras 37 and
40; Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at
paras 70 and 72.

The subject of the argument is, again, a matter of dispute. So too is the role
of the second defendant’s father, a senior lawyer, in the couple’s argument.
Eventually, however, the plaintiff signed the DOT. The second defendant did so
too, and she then placed it in her safe. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para 76.

Events after the DOT is signed

13 Shortly after the DOT was signed, the plaintiff in early April 2014 told
the second defendant that he and his sister had inherited their mother’s
assets. This was the effect, he told the second defendant, of a new will
belonging to his mother which had just been found. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 18 at lines 10–13.

In fact, the plaintiff’s story about finding a new will was another lie.

14 In the event, Mr David Mitchell of Hin Tat Augustine & Partners was
appointed as the solicitor for the administration of the plaintiff’s mother’s
estate. The plaintiff and his sister decided to exercise their right under
Saunders v Vautier (1841) 49 ER 282, as beneficiaries under their mother’s
will who were of age and of sound mind, to call in the assets under the will
and to apportion them between themselves. They initially disagreed over how
the estate should be divided between them. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 23 at lines 5–6.

The plaintiff sought the second defendant’s advice on resolving that
disagreement and more generally on the drafting of the necessary papers for
calling in the assets. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 22 at lines 7–13.

15 Mr Mitchell was also engaged to assist the plaintiff in the purchase of the
Scotts Road apartment, 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 72 at lines 20–25.

which the couple intended to use as their family home. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 86 at lines 2–3.

On 9 May 2014, the plaintiff signed a DOT by which he declared that the Scotts
Road apartment was to be held by him on trust for the first defendant. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at pp 45–54.

The reason he did this is disputed: the plaintiff says that he signed it to
avoid Additional Buyer’s Stamp Duty as he already owned two apartments,
whereas the defendants say that he signed it out of love and affection for the
first defendant.

16 Towards the end of that month, the couple went on a holiday in France which
the plaintiff had planned: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para 87
and pp 78–80; Certified Transcript, 21 July 2017, p 7 at lines 5–7.

they had decided to start their relationship afresh. In the plaintiff’s words,
he and the second defendant agreed to “try and reset the relationship after
the death of [his] mother”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 24 at lines 2–4.

They also started to plan for a second child.

17 In June 2014, the second defendant enclosed a copy of the DOT in two
e-mails to Mr Mitchell. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at pp
227–228 and pp 230–231.

She told Mr Mitchell in those e-mails to take note of the DOT in relation to
any property under the plaintiff’s mother’s will that would vest in the
plaintiff’s name. The plaintiff was not copied in those e-mails. The second
defendant’s e-mail to him dated 14 June 2014 reads:

Before the property from the will vests in [the plaintiff] and his sister in
name I thought you needed to know of this document. I dont [sic] know if [the
plaintiff] told you about its existence but his sister is not involved in
this. So he may not have mentioned in front of her. Pls do the necessary and
give me a call if you need any further info.

The second defendant sent Mr Mitchell another e-mail on 17 June 2014 to
similar effect. The e-mail was acknowledged by Mr Mitchell on the same day. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 233.

18 About a month later, the second defendant became pregnant with the
plaintiff’s second child, who is not a party to these proceedings.

19 The plaintiff and his sister then entered into a deed of family arrangement
on 9 July 2014. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at pp 82–89.

Under that deed, they agreed to exercise their right under Saunders v Vautier
and to apportion and distribute their respective entitlements under their
mother’s will. In November 2014, the High Court allowed their application to
terminate their mother’s testamentary trust and distribute the assets
according to the deed. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at pp 122–123.

It is sufficient to note for now that the defendants claim that these assets,
to which the plaintiff is entitled under the deed, are covered by the trust
created by the DOT of 26 March 2014. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 45(b);
Second defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 26.

The assets are as follows: 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 87.

(a) the Holland Road property;

(b) cash, shares, stocks, bonds and investments held in various financial
institutions; and

(c) all the plaintiff’s mother’s porcelain art pieces other than those
allocated to the plaintiff’s sister under the deed of family arrangement.

20 On 10 December 2014, the second defendant forwarded the e-mail dated 14
June 2014 to Mr Mitchell: 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 131.

see [17] above. Mr Mitchell acknowledged the e-mail on the same day. On 17
December 2014, she wrote to Mr Mitchell again, telling him that “[b]y virtue
of the [DOT of 26 March 2014], everything which passes to [the plaintiff]
based on his mother’s will is [the first defendant’s] beneficial entitlement”.
44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 246.

She asked to be kept informed “as to when land titles, cash etc are ready to
be passed”. Mr Mitchell replied on 18 December 2014 to say that the matter
would be best handled by his colleague who specialises in trusts law. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 249.

He also copied this reply to the plaintiff.

The relationship breaks down

21 After the plaintiff received the copy of Mr Mitchell’s e-mail in December
2014, the plaintiff sought legal advice on the DOT of 26 March 2014. At that
time, he and the defendants were residing at the Stevens Road property.

22 In February 2015, he resolved to leave the property. He wrote a letter to
tell the second defendant that he wished to be on his own to sort out his
thoughts on the future of their relationship. In it, he said that he would not
have signed the DOT if he had been properly advised on it. And he claimed that
it was only when he saw Mr Mitchell’s e-mail that he realised that she had
intended to “treat the DOT as a legal document”. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at pp 140–141.

23 He then went to the Stevens Road property on 12 February 2015 to deliver
the letter to the second defendant. He attempted to leave the letter with the
second defendant’s mother outside the house, but the second defendant came out
to meet him as her mother had called to her. A heated confrontation arose
between him on one side and the second defendant and her mother on the other.
The plaintiff secretly made a voice recording of their exchange and has
adduced a transcript of the recording as evidence. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at pp 145–200.

The parties do not object to its admissibility.

24 In March 2015, the couple’s second child was born. In April 2015, the
plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the second defendant, asking the second
defendant to deliver up the DOT within seven days for it to be destroyed. The
second defendant’s solicitors replied to say that the DOT was a valid and
binding instrument. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at paras 73–74.

The second defendant then lodged a caveat on the Holland Road property, but in
November 2015 the caveat was expunged. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
147.

She then filed for divorce on 25 November 2015. On 30 November 2015, the
plaintiff commenced this suit to set aside the DOT. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Writ of Summons in S 1217/2015 dated 30 November 2015.

Parties’ cases

The plaintiff’s case

25 The plaintiff’s case is that he signed the DOT on the evening of 26 March
2014 for two main reasons. First is that the second defendant and her father
persuaded him that by doing so, he would provide for and protect the
defendants, and that this was the right thing to do. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.19.

Second is that the second defendant misled him on the DOT’s true legal effect.
He was taken by surprise by the second defendant’s request for him to sign the
DOT that evening. At first he refused to sign it because he did not intend to
gift his all his assets to the first defendant, which is what he understood to
be the DOT’s effect, 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at paras 5.9-5.10.

but the words and conduct of the second defendant and her father changed that
understanding in his mind.

26 First, she told him that the DOT was a “safeguard”, in the sense that it
was intended simply to make financial provision for the defendants should
anything untoward happen to him. Accordingly, she falsely represented to him
that the DOT would take effect only upon his death. Until then, she said, he
was “free to deal with his money and assets as he deemed fit”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.11.

She also told him that the DOT was simply to be left with her for
“safekeeping” in case anything happened to him. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.11.

Second, the second defendant’s father was with them that evening in her
bedroom, and he assured the plaintiff that the DOT was a “standard document”
and that he himself would sign it if he had been in the plaintiff’s shoes. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.14.

The plaintiff accepted their representations because he felt pressured by
them. He was susceptible to their influence as he was grieving over his
mother’s death and thus emotionally vulnerable, and he did not have the
benefit of independent legal advice. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.20.

He was in a “flustered state of mind and mood”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 5.9.

As a result, he was induced to sign the DOT under the second defendant’s
misrepresentation and undue influence, and under a mistake as to the DOT’s
legal effect. In addition, he contends that the DOT is an unconscionable
transaction. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 11A.

He argues that the DOT should be set aside on the ground of any of these
vitiating factors.

27 Even if these vitiating factors are not made out, the DOT is void, the
plaintiff says, because it fails to define the trust property with sufficient
certainty. Further, even if the DOT is valid, the trust it establishes does
not extend to the plaintiff’s interest in his late mother’s estate because
that interest constitutes future property. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 4.

And even if the trust does so extend, it extends only to the plaintiff’s right
to withdraw $10,000 a month until his late mother’s twenty-fifth death
anniversary. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 4A.

Finally, if the DOT is found to have the effect for which the defendants
contend, the plaintiff claims damages in contract and tort from the second
defendant for her breach of an implied retainer in failing properly to advise
the plaintiff on the effect of the DOT. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 23 March 2016 at para 12C.

The defendants’ case

28 The first and second defendants’ cases are aligned. Their overall case is
that the plaintiff conceived this suit because he had a “change of heart”. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 133.

Having successfully terminated his late mother’s testamentary trust and
obtaining assets in the value of $25m to $30m, he “did not want to risk his
tremendous windfall being part of the DOT”. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 133.

They contend that “[h]is greed trumped all” and he “[could not] accept being
hoisted by his own petard”, namely, the DOT which he signed himself. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 133.

29 The second defendant pleads that in the wake of the plaintiff’s mother’s
death, the plaintiff expressed a desire to give everything he had to the first
defendant. At the same time, he was concerned that his relatives would attempt
to stake a claim over his mother’s assets as well as his assets “should
something happen to him”. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 13.

The second defendant pleads that she understood this to mean that he intended
to create a trust over his assets in favour of the first defendant, and for
that reasons, she drew up the DOT, essentially at his request. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 20.

30 She also accepts that the plaintiff initially refused to sign the DOT on
the evening of 26 March 2014. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 21.

However, she claims that he changed his mind and signed the DOT “[o]n his own
accord”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 26.

The second defendant denies that she falsely represented to the plaintiff that
the DOT would take effect only upon his death or that he was free to deal with
his assets until then. She also denies that her father had any role to play in
influencing the plaintiff to sign the DOT. She denies that the plaintiff was
in acute grief: while the plaintiff “seemed sad” and his mother’s death, he
appeared “lucid” and behaved normally in his interactions with the second
defendant and others. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 11.

31 The defendants contend that the DOT creates a trust over all the assets
held by the plaintiff at the date the DOT was executed, including the assets
bequeathed to him by his late mother, but not assets that he acquired after
that date. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Second defendant’s Opening Submissions dated 10 July 2017 at paras
5(ii)-5(iii).

They say that the subject matter of the trust established by the DOT is
certain because the DOT “properly defined” the trust property. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Second defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 8.

They also argue that the plaintiff’s interest in his mother’s estate is not
future property because it was at the time the DOT was executed an existing
interest. By way of counterclaim, the defendants ask for, among other things,
a declaration that the DOT is valid and for the plaintiff to be removed as
trustee under the DOT. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 45(d).

Issues to be determined

32 The parties’ cases raise two primary issues:

(a) First, why did the plaintiff sign the DOT of 26 March 2014? This issue of
fact lies at the heart of this case. In essence, it will require me to
consider the plaintiff’s state of mind at the time he signed the DOT and
whether he was influenced by the conduct of the second defendant and her
father into signing it.

(b) Second, should the DOT be set aside because of the circumstances in which
the plaintiff signed it? This issue requires me to consider whether the DOT
should be set aside because it was procured as a result of misrepresentation,
mistake, undue influence or because it was an unconscionable transaction.

33 For the reasons detailed below, my view is that at the time the plaintiff
signed the DOT, he was labouring under a misunderstanding of the DOT’s true
legal effect, on which he had been misled by the second defendant’s false
representations. I am also of the opinion that all four vitiating factors on
which the plaintiff relies as the primary grounds for the invalidity of the
DOT are made out.

34 A separate set of issues is raised by the plaintiff’s position on the
validity of the DOT as a legal instrument, regardless of whether the vitiating
factors he relies on are made out. This may be regarded as the plaintiff’s
secondary case, in the sense that he has focused his case on attempting to set
aside the DOT on the four vitiating factors. His secondary case raises the
following issues:

(a) Does the DOT define the trust property with reasonable certainty?

(b) If it does, does the trust property extend to the plaintiff’s interest
under his mother’s will, and if so, what is the scope of that interest which
is trust property?

35 In brief, my view is that the DOT defines the trust property with
reasonable certainty and includes, at the very least, the assets the plaintiff
owned and the annuity his mother’s will provided him with. As I explain at
[142] below, it is not necessary for me to consider whether it extends to the
assets he obtained later by the deed of family arrangement he concluded with
his sister.

36 Finally, in the event that the plaintiff’s primary and secondary cases are
rejected, the plaintiff’s alternative case is that the second defendant is
liable to him in damages in tort and contract for failing properly to advise
him on the DOT. As I have decided in the plaintiff’s favour on his primary
case, I need not consider whether his alternative case is made out. I also
need not consider the defendants’ counterclaims.

Issue 1: Why did the plaintiff sign the DOT?

Five principal factual issues

37 Having regard to the parties’ pleaded cases and the evidence, I consider
that there are five principal factual issues that I must determine to decide
why the plaintiff signed the DOT:

(a) First, prior to 26 March 2014, did the plaintiff intend to create a DOT
like the one the second defendant presented to him that day?

(b) Second, what was the plaintiff’s state of mind on 26 March 2014? In
particular, was he suffering from grief to a degree that made him susceptible
to the second defendant’s influence?

(c) Third, how did the second defendant act towards the plaintiff on the
evening of 26 March 2014? In particular, what representations, if any, did she
make to the plaintiff before he signed the DOT?

(d) Fourth, was the second defendant’s father with the plaintiff at or before
the time he signed the DOT on 26 March 2014? If he was, what representations,
if any, did he make to the plaintiff before he signed the DOT?

(e) Fifth, what was the plaintiff’s understanding of the effect of his signing
the DOT on 26 March 2014 at the time he signed it, and how did he come to have
that understanding?

38 I will deal with each of these issues in turn.

(1) Did the plaintiff intend to create a DOT before 26 March 2014?

39 In my view, the first step to discerning why the plaintiff signed the DOT
is to understand his state of mind that evening. An important aspect of that
state of mind is whether he had ever wanted to draw up a DOT like the one he
signed. The defendants contend that he did, and that the second defendant had,
on her understanding of such a wish, drafted the DOT. The plaintiff, on his
part, says that he was “totally caught by surprise” when, upon his return to
the Stevens Road property, she asked him to her bedroom, gave him the DOT, and
simply told him to “sign this”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at paras 37-38.

40 It is therefore important to assess the evidence that the defendants adduce
in support of their case that the plaintiff wished to set up a trust and asked
the second defendant to draft a trust document. For the reasons that follow, I
find the evidence both inadequate and irrelevant:

(a) The first defendant submits that the plaintiff “had for some time been
contemplating making provisions for [the first defendant]”, and that he
decided to do so by signing the DOT. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 100.

I reject this submission. A declaration of trust on all of one’s existing
assets, objectively speaking, is not an obvious or rational mechanism by which
to provide for one’s child. It does not comport with common sense that a young
father who is still building his career would wish to divest himself of all
his assets to provide for his son, when he can do so by other less drastic
means, such as making a will; creating a trust which is more limited in scope,
like the trust of the Scotts Road apartment; or maintaining an insurance
policy which names the first defendant as a beneficiary.

(b) There is no evidence, aside from the second defendant’s bare allegation,
that the plaintiff told the second defendant that he wanted a DOT. The second
defendant’s evidence is that the plaintiff personally “reassured [her] that he
would structure a plan so that no matter what happened to either [the
plaintiff] or [the second defendant], [the first defendant] would not have to
worry about finances”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
45.

But as I will highlight at [57(a)] below, the second defendant admitted on the
stand that she did not recall the plaintiff ever saying that he wished to draw
up a trust of all his assets.

(c) The defendants rely on a diary entry belonging to the plaintiff in which
he wrote: “What do I want out of life? To bring up good kids properly. To give
them a future. Create a $10bn fortune & put into a trust”. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 13; Second
defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 120.

However, there is no date on this entry. A voucher on the opposite page in the
diary suggests that it was written on or around 12 February 2015. Hence, the
entry sheds no light on the plaintiff’s state of mind at or around 26 March
2014 when he signed the DOT. Furthermore, the plaintiff’s stated desire to put
a $10bn fortune into a trust for his children in fact suggests that he did not
intend to put his assets into a trust for his children until he had acquired
$10bn worth of assets. This is also consistent with his evidence in cross-
examination that he had in mind the kind of trust used by families “like the
Rothschilds”. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, p 116 at lines 6–8.

The entry therefore lends no support to the suggestion that he had on 26 March
2014 the desire to divest himself of all his assets for the sole benefit of
his first son.

(d) Finally, the defendants rely on the fact that in the preamble to the DOT
for the Scotts Road apartment, the plaintiff states that he “has agreed to
purchase [the Scotts Road apartment] and out of natural love and affection for
[the first defendant] has agreed to declare that [the Scotts Road apartment]
is to be held in trust for [the first defendant] upon the terms and conditions
set out herein”. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

First defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 36;
Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 46 at cl 3.

I accept that the plaintiff means what he says in this DOT as he received
legal advice on its drafting. But it does not follow that he possessed the
same intent regarding the DOT of 26 March 2014, for which there is no similar
preamble.

41 Therefore, I accept the plaintiff’s case that prior to 26 March 2017, he
had “at no time ever requested [the second defendant] to draw up the
Declaration of Trust or any other document for any trust in favour of [the
first defendant]”. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 38.

I find that he was taken by surprise by the second defendant’s asking him to
sign the DOT on the evening of 26 March 2017.

(2) Was the plaintiff suffering from grief to a degree that made him
susceptible to influence?

42 The second principal aspect of the plaintiff’s state of mind is his grief
over his mother’s death. I will deal with the evidence on his relationship
with his mother, which will shed light on the plausibility of the extent to
which he allegedly grieved over her death, before addressing the expert
evidence on his grief.

43 It is important to note that the plaintiff’s evidence on his relationship
with his mother was unchallenged. The defendants did not question any aspect
of it during his cross-examination. I therefore have no reason to disbelieve
it. The plaintiff’s evidence is that he was “very close” to his mother because
she raised him singlehandedly. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 10.

She had, in his words, a “super strong personality”. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 64.

They would go on holiday together once or twice a year, and most of his
personal trips abroad were with his mother. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 11.

He also entrusted to her his late father’s inheritance for safekeeping, and
she would manage and invest it on his behalf. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 12.

It is clear that the plaintiff had every reason to grieve over his mother’s
sudden and brutal death.

44 I turn now to the expert evidence. Both experts, Dr Ung Eng Khean (for the
plaintiff) and Dr Calvin Fones (for the defendants) agree that at the time the
plaintiff signed the DOT, the plaintiff was experiencing acute grief and
exhibiting symptoms of PTSD and depressive disorder. Dr Fones also agreed
during his cross-examination that “[d]epression and depressed-like states may
be accompanied with poor judgment (hence the common advice to patients not to
make any major decision when depressed), compounding the effects of
bereavement”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 32 at line 18 to p 33 at line 1.

45 Where the expert evidence diverges is that while Dr Ung says that the
plaintiff’s grief made him more susceptible to influence, Dr Fones says that
it did not. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 7 at lines 2–4.

On this issue, three aspects of their evidence are of particular significance.
The first aspect concerns their assessment of why the plaintiff, having
initially refused to sign the DOT on the evening of 26 March 2014, changed his
mind and decided to sign it. Their views are as follows:

(a) Dr Ung observed that the plaintiff was initially trying to “hide his
assets” by lying to the second defendant at lunch about his mother’s will, but
he later changed his mind in the evening and agreed to hold his assets on
trust for the second defendant. Dr Ung opined, “from a psychiatric
perspective”, that these facts indicated that the plaintiff was vulnerable to
influence. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 36 at lines 14–18.

Dr Ung did however qualify that if it could be shown that if the plaintiff,
prior to the DOT, “had in mind [sic] to give away all he had to the family”,
then there would have been “no acting out of character”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 36 at lines 18–22.

In other words, Dr Ung suggested that the plaintiff’s erratic behaviour could
mean that he was vulnerable to influence or that he was operating under
stress. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 28 at lines 5–7.

(b) Dr Fones said that the plaintiff was “unlike a hapless person that was
just obeying the will of someone else”. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 37 at lines 21–22.

He did not read the plaintiff’s behaviour as erratic. Instead, he thought that
the plaintiff had a desire to “make some urgent and important decisions …
because of his concern that he needed to sequester or to protect the estate,
given … this news that he was now having to look after this inheritance”. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 38 at lines 8–15.

46 It is significant that both experts were of the view that the plaintiff
should not be regarded as having acted erratically by changing his mind that
evening if he had intended to create an instrument like the DOT all along. I
have found that the plaintiff did not in fact have any such intention: see
[40]–[41] above. Contrary to Dr Fones’ suggestion that that the plaintiff
possibly wished to protect the estate for the defendants, the plaintiff’s
initial thinking was to respect his mother’s wish not to benefit the
defendants through her will. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) dated 30 November 2015 at para 5.7

That is why he lied to the second defendant that he received nothing under the
will. I therefore accept Dr Ung’s opinion that the plaintiff’s decision to
change his mind was a decision out of character and a sign that he was
vulnerable to influence.

47 The second significant aspect of the expert evidence relates to the fact
that the plaintiff was able to carry out his daily responsibilities. He was
able to go back to work, and he was otherwise sensible and rational. Dr Fones
relied heavily on these facts to say that the plaintiff’s grief did not make
him vulnerable to influence. However, Dr Fones also accepted during cross-
examination that the plaintiff’s case contained a number of “red flags”. These
refer to stress indicators which increase the degree of vulnerability
experienced by the patient. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 21 at lines 11–15.

The red flags in this case included the plaintiff’s close relationship with
his mother, the horrific circumstances of her death, and the relationship of
confidence he had with the second defendant. The important point is that Dr
Fones accepted that the plaintiff would have experienced a degree of stress
that was “above average” 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 22 at lines 15–20.

due to the presence of these red flags, which meant that he would have been
relatively more vulnerable to influence.

48 The third significant aspect of the experts’ evidence concerns the fact
that the plaintiff was an isolated individual. Dr Fones opined that an
isolated individual, that is, an individual whose world revolves around only a
small number of individuals with whom he shares a strong relationship, is
likely to render him vulnerable to their influence. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Certified Transcript, 25 July 2017, p 30 at lines 11–15.

There appear to be elements of this in the plaintiff’s life: after his mother
died, the only family he had was that of the second defendant. He was not
close to his sister as he was much younger than her and she had lived abroad
since he was young. The plaintiff’s sense of isolation was unwittingly
revealed by the second defendant herself during her cross-examination: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 58 at lines 3–14.

Q. ... I asked you: having regard to all that had happened in the last few
days, with the qualifications you made, was it an opportune time for you to
present to him such an important document? “Yes” or “no”.

A. I think that also given that he had said we were having a fresh start for
our family, we were the only family he had left, et cetera, et cetera, bearing
that in mind as well, which he said throughout, it was.

49 In my judgment, the second defendant deepened his sense of isolation when
she told the plaintiff that he should leave the Stevens Road property if he
did not wish to sign the DOT. It is not disputed that she threatened to kick
him out of the house on the evening of 26 March 2014. Thus, at the
confrontation of 12 February 2015 (see [23] above), when he asked her why she
had told him to leave, she admitted, “I didn’t want you. I didn’t want you
around”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 154 at line
276.

In my judgment, her threat in all likelihood deepened his sense of isolation,
which in turn would have contributed to his susceptibility to her influence.

50 My final observation on the plaintiff’s grief is that the evidence shows
that even the second defendant thought that the plaintiff was not in a good
state of mind on the evening of 26 March 2014. At the confrontation of 12
February 2015, the plaintiff asked her why she did not ask him to draw up a
will instead of a DOT. Her reply is telling: “You were not in any state to
write a will. You were just angry.” 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 152 at line
237.

During cross-examination, she confirmed that this was in fact her impression
of his state of mind. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 97 at line 25 to p 98 at line 6.

In my judgment, if he was not in an appropriate state of mind to make a will –
which can be changed any time before he dies – surely he could not have been
in an appropriate state of mind to make an immediate divestment of all his
assets through a declaration of trust.

51 Having regard to all the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff has
established on a balance of probabilities that on the evening of 26 March
2014, his grief over his mother’s death and the circumstances of his life
after her passing rendered him susceptible to be influenced by the second
defendant.

(3) How did the second defendant act towards the plaintiff on the evening of
26 March 2014?

52 I turn now to the issue of the second defendant’s conduct that evening. The
plaintiff claims that the second defendant told him on the evening of 26 March
2014 that the DOT was intended as a safeguard. She then misrepresented to him
that the DOT would take effect only upon his death, and that he would be free,
until then, to deal with his assets as he wished: see [26] above. In my
judgment, the plaintiff has proved on a balance of probabilities that she made
such a misrepresentation to him. I also agree with the plaintiff that the
second defendant’s motive for making that misrepresentation to procure his
signature on the DOT was to create an instrument by which she could exert
control on the plaintiff and his assets in the event that their relationship
turned sour. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 8 September 2017 at para 14.

My reasons are as follows.

53 First, the second defendant’s account of how the plaintiff signed the DOT
is incredible. It is not disputed that the plaintiff initially refused to sign
the DOT on the evening of 26 March 2014 because he did not wish to gift his
assets in their entirety to his son. What is in dispute is why he changed his
mind. The plaintiff’s account – that he was pressured into signing it and was
misled on its legal effect – is at least plausible. The second defendant’s
account is not. Having denied that she forced him to make an uninformed
decision, her explanation is that the plaintiff, left to himself for a moment,
simply decided voluntarily to sign the DOT. This was allegedly because, having
argued with her about whether he should take on a project to convert the Bukit
Timah property into an art gallery for his mother, he “saw the light” and
decided not to pursue that project and instead resolved to spend more time
with the second defendant. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 126 at lines 14–18.

54 This is not a plausible explanation for the plaintiff’s change of mind. The
substance of the second defendant’s complaint concerning the art gallery
proposal is that taking charge of the proposal would prevent the plaintiff
from spending time with her and with their son. This complaint, however, does
not address the plaintiff’s concern over the DOT, namely, why he should gift
all his assets to their infant child. The only plausible assurance for that
concern would have been a response to the effect that the DOT would have no
effect on how the plaintiff could deal with his assets. That would have been a
false assurance, of course, but that is the assurance, I find, that the second
defendant gave him that evening.

55 Second, the second defendant, in my judgment, suspected on 26 March 2014
that the plaintiff’s mother had left him something under her will. The second
defendant admitted in cross-examination that she knew by noon that day that
the plaintiff had read his mother’s last will. At lunch, the contents of that
will were discussed. It is common ground that this discussion led the
plaintiff and his sister, as they had agreed to do, to lie to the second
defendant that their mother had willed all her assets to charity. The
plaintiff avers that he told this lie because the second defendant was
interrogating him about the contents of his mother’s will. He also did not
want her to know the size of his inheritance out of fear that she might covet
it to support her extravagant lifestyle. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at paras 34–35.

The second defendant denies asking him about the will, but I reject this
assertion and accept that plaintiff’s evidence that she did ask him about the
will. If the second defendant did not raise the topic of the will, the
plaintiff and his sister would not have discussed the will on their own accord
given their prior decision.

56 I find, next, that the second defendant acted on her suspicion that the
plaintiff had lied to her by drafting the DOT and asking the plaintiff to sign
it. Significant to me in this regard is the fact that she was unable to give
consistent accounts of what she knew about the will:

(a) In her pleadings, she averred that she had no knowledge of any will until
sometime after 26 March 2014 and that the plaintiff did not mention his
mother’s will at lunch that day. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1) dated 6 April 2016 at para 28(h)(i).

However, in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), she stated that at
that lunch, the plaintiff and his sister told her that their late mother had
left her property to charity 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
63.

– which would have entailed their mention of a will.

(b) Next, her evidence on the art gallery proposal is also inconsistent with
her assertion that she did not know about “any will” at lunch that day. During
cross-examination, she initially said that she did not know that the plaintiff
was going for the reading of his mother’s will, but simply that he was “seeing
his mother’s lawyers”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 89 at line 13.

Upon further cross-examination, she conceded she knew that the plaintiff was
to be trustee of his mother’s will or estate and eventually, that by
lunchtime, she would have realised that the mother’s will had been read to the
plaintiff and his sister. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 91 at line 12.

When it was highlighted to her that this was inconsistent with her pleadings,
she blamed her lawyers for failing to amend them when she had asked them to.
106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 118 at lines 8–20.

57 In addition, I find that in drawing up the DOT, the second defendant knew
that the plaintiff was in a particularly vulnerable mental state, and she
intended to use that to her advantage. Her knowledge and her intention to take
advantage of the plaintiff in this respect may be inferred from the
circumstances under which the DOT was drawn up – which indicate an
inexplicable sense of urgency in the second defendant to have the plaintiff
sign a document with serious implications – and also from the second
defendant’s conduct after 26 March 2014:

(a) The second defendant had no good reason for preparing the DOT. She claims
to have done so because she understood from the plaintiff that he had intended
to draw up a trust of his assets in favour of their son. As I have found (see
[40]–[41] above), he had no such intent. Moreover, she admitted during cross-
examination that she did not recall the plaintiff mentioning the word “trust”
to her in relation to that intention. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 79 at line 22.

When she was asked why she did not clarify with the plaintiff whether a trust
was what he had in mind, she avoided the question and said that the plaintiff,
having been presented with the DOT that evening, could decide for himself
whether he wanted to sign it. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 79 at line 25 to p 80 at line 7.

I do not accept this explanation. If an instrument as drastic in effect as the
DOT was what the plaintiff had specifically intended, the second defendant
would have (i) simply said that it was the plaintiff who wanted an instrument
like the DOT or (ii) produced evidence to prove that he had such a specific
wish. But she did not.

(b) The second defendant also had no good reason for asking the plaintiff to
sign a DOT just seven days after his mother’s death. When asked during cross-
examination whether that was a suitable time for the plaintiff to sign such a
document, she demurred and said that the plaintiff’s “giving away all his
assets” was something they had been talking about for months. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 57 at line 22 to p 58 at line 2.

But this is inconsistent with the plaintiff’s undisputed evidence that he
initially refused to sign the DOT that evening precisely because that he did
not wish to part with all his assets: see [66] above.

(c) The second defendant also claimed that in preparing the DOT, she was
furthering the plaintiff’s intention to protect his assets from his relatives,
of whom he was suspicious and who may stake a claim on his assets when he
dies. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
67.

I do not understand this explanation. I accept the plaintiff’s argument that
the second defendant, as a trained lawyer who was capable of drafting a trust
deed, would have known that the laws of intestacy or the mechanism of a will
would have afforded the plaintiff more than sufficient protection. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 31.

When confronted with this point during cross-examination, she conjured for the
first time the possibility that those relatives could draft a “fake will” and
make a claim under that will for a share of his assets on his death. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 66 at line 25.

The defendants have in their submissions omitted entirely to refer to this
aspect of the second defendant’s evidence, and I reject it as a mere
afterthought.

(d) The second defendant drafted the DOT by hand and presented it for
signature to the defendant on the same day she drafted it. This may be
contrasted with how she facilitated the drafting and signing of the DOT for
the Scotts Road apartment, which involved (i) ensuring that the plaintiff
received advice on it from a solicitor, Mr Mitchell, (ii) preparing a
typewritten copy of the DOT, and (iii) inserting an appropriate carve-out in
the DOT to allow the plaintiff to profit from the property until their child
turns 21. No such care was taken in relation to the DOT signed on 26 March
2014, which is striking given that the DOT was more drastic in effect in that
it covered a far wider range of assets than did the DOT for the Scotts Road
apartment.

(e) After obtaining the plaintiff’s signature on the DOT and appending to it
her own, she kept the DOT in a safe, 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
76.

to which the plaintiff did not have access. She did not give the plaintiff a
copy of the DOT. She also did not attempt to ensure that the plaintiff abided
by his duties as a trustee under the DOT. During cross-examination, she
claimed that she did not know that the plaintiff, after signing the DOT, did
not set aside the assets that had purportedly been caught by the trust it
created and had instead continued to deal freely with them. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Certified Transcript, 20 July 2017, p 141 at lines 16–21.

These facts support the plaintiff’s case that the second defendant was not
concerned about the immediate effect of the DOT, but was simply keeping it as
a safeguard to exert control over the plaintiff’s assets in the event he
walked out on her.

(f) The second defendant as early as June 2014 began asking Mr Mitchell via
e-mail for a list of the plaintiff’s assets for the purposes of the trust
created under the DOT. She also told Mr Mitchell that the DOT was “[s]omething
to note I guess re any property that will vest in [the plaintiff’s] name”. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at p 230.

Her evidence is that she kept the plaintiff informed of these communications,
but the objective evidence shows otherwise: the plaintiff was not copied in
these e-mails. At the confrontation of 12 February 2015, the second defendant
did not deny the plaintiff’s assertion that Mr Mitchell forwarded him the
second defendant’s e-mails only in December 2014 and not earlier. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 150 at lines
162–165.

In my view, there can be no reason for such covert behaviour on the part of
the second defendant unless her intention was to conceal from the plaintiff
her attempts to crystallise what she would be able to control under the DOT as
a trustee.

(g) Finally, she did not explain the DOT to the plaintiff. Her evidence was
that when she gave the plaintiff the DOT to sign, she told him that it was
written in “simple, plain English”, and that there was nothing for her to
explain. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 38;
Second defendant’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 16 May 2017 at para
71; Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 104 at lines 6–9.

At the 12 February 2015 confrontation, when the plaintiff asked her why she
did not explain the “legal ramifications” of the DOT to him, she replied,
“What are these legal ramifications? How – was it not written in plain
English?” 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 166 at line
663.

This was, in my judgment, an insincere and cynical response. As the plaintiff
correctly submits, the DOT contained many features which a trained lawyer,
such as the second defendant, would have known required explanation. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 17 July 2017 at para 36.

These features include (i) the scope of the assets the plaintiff was settling;
(ii) the irrevocability of the DOT; (iii) the fact that the DOT would take
immediate effect; and (iv) the plaintiff’s and the second defendant’s powers
and responsibilities as joint trustees.

58 For the reasons above, I find that the plaintiff has proved on a balance of
probabilities that on the evening of 26 March 2014, the second defendant told
him that the DOT was intended as a safeguard and misrepresented to him that it
would take effect only upon his death and that he would be free to deal with
his assets until then. I also find that in doing so, she was aware of his
vulnerable mental state and took advantage of him by pressuring him to sign
the DOT.

(4) Was the second defendant’s father present, and if so, what
representations, if any, did he make?

59 The plaintiff contends that the second defendant’s father was with him and
the second defendant in her bedroom when the second defendant made the
representations I have found her to have made. The second defendant’s father
denies that he was present in the room. The defendants’ case is that the
second defendant went to her parents’ bedroom to inform them that the
plaintiff was leaving the house, but her father did not go into her bedroom.
The plaintiff subsequently signed the document by himself. In my judgment, the
second defendant’s father was in fact with them in the bedroom when the second
defendant made her representations.

60 I begin with the observation that it is clear from the second defendant’s
father’s defensive behaviour on the stand that his central aim during the
trial was to distance himself from the affairs of the second defendant and the
plaintiff. To that end, he denied any involvement in the preparation and
signing of the DOT. I give two examples this behaviour.

61 The first is his inexplicable refusal to answer the question whether the
DOT in his view was a standard document: 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Certified Transcript, 21 July 2017, p 58 at line 10 to p 59 at line 22.

Q. Have you read the DOT, the declaration of trust?

A. Declaration of trust?

Q. Have you read it? No, I’m not asking you to read it now, but have you read
it?

A. Oh, yes, I have read it.

Q. In your opinion, is that a standard document?

A. Can I look at the document?

Q. Oh, sure. It’s in 1AB-26.

A. Yes.

Q. Have a look at page 26, the trust deed that we are talking about.

A. Yes.

Q. My question to you is: is this a standard document?

A. I don’t know.

Q. Okay. Next question.

A. Yes.

Q. Is it a usual document, from your experience?

A. I don’t know.

Q. That a 29-year-old man –

A. Sorry?

Q. That a 29-year-old man would sign such a document, create a trust giving
away all his properties, his assets, on trust, to his infant son who was then
only about one and a half years old?

A. So what are you asking me?

Q. I’m asking you whether it’s usual, in your view.

A. I’m here to give evidence of facts, not my opinion.

Q. You refuse –

A. I know that experts and all that are there for opinion evidence but I’m
here to give, as far as I know, your Honour, evidence as to what factually
transpired. Now, he’s asking for my legal opinion. I don’t think that’s what
I’m here for.

Q. Would you sign a document like that yourself?

A. Again, it’s an opinion. Whether I would sign or not sign is not an issue
here.

62 It can be seen from this exchange that his initial response was to say that
he did not know whether the document was a standard document. I find his claim
of ignorance to be unbelievable, given that he is a senior lawyer. When
counsel for the plaintiff persisted in that line of questioning, he retreated
by declining to give his opinion on the basis that he was present only as a
witness of fact. That appeared to me to be unnecessarily defensive and
evasive. In cross-examination, it is a common and accepted practice to ask
witnesses of fact for their opinion on a certain matter in order to establish
whether they hold that opinion, not in order to establish whether that opinion
is true. As a lawyer himself, the second defendant’s father must have known
that the plaintiff’s counsel clearly intended the former and not the latter
because it was the plaintiff’s very case that the DOT was not a standard
document.

63 The second example is that during cross-examination, the second defendant’s
father insisted that he and his wife had no reaction to the second defendant’s
telling them that the plaintiff was leaving the Stevens Road property. I find
this indifference surprising, given that the plaintiff was, after all, their
son-in-law. Simple concern would have been apposite, but the second
defendant’s father gave no reason for his equanimity. Again, this gave me the
impression that he was trying to distance himself from the plaintiff’s
affairs.

64 Next, a key piece of evidence of his presence in the second defendant’s
bedroom on the evening of 26 March 2014 comes from the transcript of the
confrontation of 12 February 2015. During the confrontation, the plaintiff
said to the defendant, “You even got your dad to read through it and to force
me to sign it.” 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 153 at line
272.

The second defendant responded by denying the fact that anyone had “forced”
the plaintiff to sign the DOT. She is recorded as having said, “No one forced
you. (chuckles) I don’t know why you keep saying someone force you. How can
any of us force you?” 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at p 154 at line
273–274.

Thus, she did not deny that she had asked her father to read the DOT. Indeed,
she appeared to accept, by her use of the word “us”, that someone other than
her was involved in the plaintiff’s signing of the will.

65 In my view, this evidence corroborates the plaintiff’s evidence, which I
accept, that the second defendant’s father legitimised the second defendant’s
attempt to ask the plaintiff to sign the DOT. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 101 at lines 24–25.

I find that the plaintiff has established on the balance of probabilities that
the second defendant’s father was at some point in the evening of 26 March
2014 in the second defendant’s bedroom with the second defendant when she was
trying to persuade the plaintiff to sign the DOT. The father conceded in
cross-examination that he and the plaintiff shared a relationship of mutual
respect. As the father lent a degree of legitimacy to the second defendant’s
request, and as the plaintiff trusted the father, the plaintiff was willing to
go along with her plan. I therefore accept the plaintiff’s case that he signed
the DOT on the father’s assurance, “when he did not contradict anything that
[the second defendant] said”, that the plaintiff was free to deal with his
assets until he passed away, and that that the DOT was, in his words, “just a
safekeeping”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, p 108 at lines 8–11.

The plaintiff described the father’s reassurance as the “carrot” and the
second defendant’s threat to sign it or leave the house as the “stick”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, p 108 at lines 1–5.

He also stated that he signed the document “just to give [the second
defendant] some assurance and to get her off [his] back”. In the light of his
mental state, this account is believable, and I accept it.

(5) What was the plaintiff’s understanding of the DOT at the time he signed
it, and how did he come to have that understanding?

66 I find that the plaintiff appreciated that the DOT covered all the assets
he owned. That was the very reason, he avers in his AEIC and also on the
stand, for initially refusing to sign the DOT on the evening of 26 March 2014.
In his AEIC, he said, “As I had no intention of giving away my assets to the
1st Defendant, I refused to sign the Declaration of Trust.” 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 39.

Likewise, his testimony during cross-examination was that in the evening of 26
March 2014, when the second defendant called him into her room and asked him
to sign the DOT, he “refused to” and told her that “[he] was not prepared to
give all my assets to [the first defendant]”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, p 106 at lines 15–17.

67 Also, I find that the plaintiff knew that if he signed the DOT, he would
create “some sort of trust” over the assets. Again, that is the language he
used in his AEIC. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 39.

It is also reasonable to expect the plaintiff to at least have discerned from
the DOT, which plainly bore the title “Trust Deed” (see [11] above), that he
was by signing the deed creating a “trust”.

68 Why then did he change his mind and sign the DOT? That is because the
plaintiff was led by the second defendant to believe that he would be able
freely to deal with the assets which he holds under that trust for his own
benefit. While this may not be a correct conception of a trust as a matter of
law, the important point is that it is the concept of the trust that the
plaintiff had at the time he signed the DOT.

69 In this context, I gather the threads of my findings on the factual issues
which I have already examined. First, the second defendant told the plaintiff
on the evening of 26 March 2014 that (i) the DOT was in plain and simple
English; (ii) the plaintiff could leave the Stevens Road property if he did
not wish to sign the DOT; (iii) the DOT was simply a safeguard in the event
that anything untoward happens to the plaintiff; and (iv) the legal effect of
the DOT was that the plaintiff would be free to deal with his assets until his
death. Second, the second defendant’s father was present when these assertions
were made. He did not contradict them and thus lent weight to them. Third, the
plaintiff accepted these assertions as true because (i) he was in a state of
acute grief; (ii) he wanted to give the second defendant some reassurance so
that she would stop hounding him; and (iii) he thought that the second
defendant’s father legitimised his daughter’s assertions.

70 It is undisputed that after he had signed the DOT, he continued to spend
his monies for his own benefit, even taking the second defendant on holiday to
France. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 17 July 2017 at para 42.

While he may well have done so using monies he obtained after he had signed
the DOT, the point is that he used his assets for his personal benefit without
drawing a distinction between assets which were beneficially his and assets
which he and the second defendant held on trust for their son under the DOT.
The DOT simply had no effect on the plaintiff’s understanding as to how he was
to handle his assets. I infer from this that he must have considered that,
after signing the DOT, he was free to deal with his assets as he pleased.

71 The second defendant argues that the plaintiff must have known the effect
of the DOT as early as 9 May 2014, when he made a second DOT in respect of the
Scotts Road apartment. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Certified Transcript, 18 September 2017, p 11 at lines 6–7.

It is undisputed that the plaintiff was properly advised on this matter and
that he signed the DOT for the Scotts Road apartment willingly. He understood
that its effect was to vest immediately his interest in the Scotts Road
apartment into his son’s name. But this was subject to a proviso that he would
retain certain rights in the property, one of which is the right to collect
rent on the property for his own benefit until his son was 21 years of age.
The defendants say that the plaintiff, with the benefit of being properly
advised on how a trust operates, would have realised how the DOT he signed in
March was intended to operate. Therefore, his decision not to challenge that
DOT until February the following year shows that he did so as an afterthought.

72 I do not agree. This is because the DOT for the Scotts Road apartment and
the DOT of 26 March 2014 are very different documents. The DOT for the Scotts
Road apartment was plainly a legally binding document, drafted by appointed
solicitors, and it obviously took effect from the time he signed it. By
contrast, the DOT of 26 March 2014 was a handwritten document which for a long
time did not even see the light of day. The second defendant told him that it
was simply a safeguard in the event that he dies unexpectedly. Therefore,
nothing on the face of these documents and nothing about the circumstances in
which they were signed would have readily suggested to the plaintiff that they
would operate in the same way.

73 The defendants’ remaining contention on the plaintiff’s understanding of
the DOT on 26 March 2014 is that he must have known how a trust operated
because he holds a Masters of Law or LLM in corporate and commercial law from
University College London. I reject this contention. First, it is against the
weight of the evidence above. Second, as the plaintiff says, his LLM was
earned through distance learning some six to eight years ago, when he was
performing National Service. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

See Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017 at para 3.

There is no evidence that he passed the module on corporate equity and trusts
which he took for that course. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 113.

Accordingly, the mere fact that he has an LLM makes no difference to my
assessment of his understanding of the DOT of 26 March 2014 at the time he
signed it.

74 One may nevertheless ask: Why did the plaintiff not attempt to ascertain or
at least clarify the true effect of the DOT of 26 March 2014 earlier? This
issue concerns the plaintiff’s conduct after 26 March 2014. The issue is
crucial because it impacts upon the plaintiff’s credibility and his narrative
of what happened that night. This requires me to consider the plaintiff’s
perspective.

75 The evidence suggests that after the stormy night of 26 March, the couple
settled into a new status quo. The DOT had been stored away in her safe, and
neither of them referred to it again. The plaintiff was unaware that the
second defendant had sent it to Mr Mitchell. He relied upon her advice to
settle issues with his sister, and to deal with the Scotts Road apartment. In
May 2014, the plaintiff and the second defendant decided to give their
relationship a fresh start and soon, a second child was expected. It is likely
that that after the parties reconciled, the plaintiff did not wish to
jeopardise their relationship’s new footing and the second defendant’s second
pregnancy.

76 It was only in December 2014 when Mr Mitchell copied him in an email that
the plaintiff focused on the DOT: see [20]–[21] above. It was then that he
realised that he ought to seek legal advice on the DOT, which he did from his
current solicitors. He testified that he was very upset when he learned of its
true effect, but he decided not to confront the second defendant about it: he
did not want to agitate her in her last trimester and he wanted the baby to be
safely delivered. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Certified Transcript, 18 July 2017, p 12 at lines 1–11.

I accept his explanation as truthful. After considering legal advice, he
prepared a parting letter which he delivered to the second defendant on 12
February 2015. He told her then, for the first time, that he would not have
signed the DOT if he had been properly advised on it. When they quarrelled on
12 February 2015, he asked her why she had not advised him to make a will.
This was another demonstration that until December 2014, he understood that
the DOT was to take effect upon his death, like a will. When the second
defendant asked why the deed was at that point “suddenly an issue”, he
explained, “Because I have only come to realize that” [emphasis added], “that”
referring to his earlier statement in the quarrel that he “disagree[s] with
the whole premise of [the DOT]”. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 155 at lines
303–305.

77 In coming to these findings, I accept that the plaintiff is essentially a
truthful witness. On the stand, he gave his answers in a forthright and honest
manner. He also readily accepted that he lied to the second defendant twice,
once at the lunch and then, when the question arose in his cross-examination,
he conceded that he had lied again when he told her that a new will had been
found in which he inherited half his mother’s estate: see [13] above.

Conclusion on the first issue

78 Accordingly, I find on the first issue that on 26 March 2014, the second
defendant did falsely represent to the plaintiff that the DOT would take
effect only upon his death, and that until then, he was entitled to deal
freely with all his assets. I find that the plaintiff believed this
representation because he was assured of its truth by the physical presence of
the second defendant’s father, who did not contradict his daughter, and
because he was suffering from acute grief following the death of his mother,
which made him vulnerable to the second defendant’s influence.

Issue 2: Should the DOT be set aside because of the circumstances in which the
plaintiff signed it?

79 I turn now to the second broad issue in this case, which is whether the DOT
should be set aside on the ground of misrepresentation, mistake, undue
influence and unconscionability. I consider each of these vitiating factors in
turn.

Misrepresentation

80 The elements of misrepresentation are well-established. As the Court of
Appeal held in Panatron Pte Ltd and another v Lee Cheow Lee and another [2001]
2 SLR(R) 435 at [14], the plaintiff must establish five elements to succeed in
a claim on misrepresentation:

(a) First, there must be a representation of fact made by words or conduct.

(b) Second, the representation must be made with the intention that it should
be acted upon by the plaintiff or by a class or persons which includes the
plaintiff.

(c) Third, it must be proved that the plaintiff has acted upon the false
statement.

(d) Fourth, it must be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing.

(e) Fifth, the representation must be made with the knowledge that it is
false; it must be wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any
genuine belief that it is true.

81 The first and fifth elements are made out. The defendant made a
representation of fact by words in telling the plaintiff that the DOT would
leave him free to deal with the assets which were caught under the DOT until
his death. This was a false representation. The DOT – if it is valid – had
effect from the moment it was signed by the plaintiff and the second
defendant, as the defendants now contend and as I have observed at [57(g)]
above. And the second defendant knew, at the time she made the false
representation, that it was false. She does not deny that she knew exactly how
the DOT was to operate. Indeed, having drafted it herself, she must have known
its true legal effect.

82 The second and third elements are also made out. The second defendant made
this false representation with the intention of persuading the plaintiff to
sign the DOT, as I have found. Indeed, she admitted at the confrontation on 12
February 2015 that she wanted the plaintiff to sign the DOT. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 153 at line
258.

He had initially refused to sign the DOT because he did not want to give away
all his assets, so she allayed this concern by lying to him that the DOT would
take effect only upon his death. The plaintiff relied on this
misrepresentation. That is why he changed his mind and decided to sign the
DOT. And that is why he acted, in the months after he signed the DOT, as if
the DOT had no effect.

83 Finally, the fourth element is made out. As a result of signing the DOT,
the plaintiff has suffered damage in the form of losing his beneficial
interest in all the assets he owned as at 26 March 2014. As I will explain
below at [136] and [142], that is the true effect of the DOT.

84 For these reasons, the DOT should be rescinded on the ground of
misrepresentation.

Mistake

85 The leading English case on setting aside a voluntary disposition on the
ground of mistake is Pitt and another v Holt and another [2013] 2 AC 108
(“Pitt v Holt”). The principles in that case were adopted and applied by the
Singapore High Court in BMM v BMN and another matter [2017] 4 SLR 1315 at
[94]. A useful summary of those principles is found in Kennedy v Kennedy
[2014] EWHC 4129 (Ch) at [36]:

(a) There must be a distinct mistake as distinguished from mere ignorance or
inadvertence or misprediction relating to some possible future event.
Forgetfulness, inadvertence or ignorance can lead to a false belief or
assumption which the court will recognise as a legally relevant mistake.

(b) A mistake may still be a relevant mistake even if it was due to
carelessness on the part of the person making the disposition, unless the
circumstances are such as to show that he or she deliberately ran the risk, or
must be taken to have run the risk, of being wrong.

(c) The causative mistake must be sufficiently grave as to make it
unconscionable on the part of the donee to retain the property. That test will
normally be satisfied only where there is a mistake either as to the legal
character or nature of a transaction or as to some matter of fact or law which
is basic to the transaction.

(d) The injustice of leaving a mistaken disposition uncorrected must be
evaluated objectively but with an intense focus on the facts of the particular
case. The court must consider in the round the existence of a distinct
mistake, its degree of centrality to the transaction in question and the
seriousness of its consequences, and make an evaluative judgment whether it
would be unconscionable, or unjust, to leave the mistake uncorrected.

86 In my judgment, because of the second defendant’s conduct, the plaintiff
made the mistake that the effect of the DOT was that until the time of his
death, he remained free to deal with his assets. This was the operative
mistake of sufficient gravity which satisfies the test in Pitt v Holt. This
mistake was not brought about by carelessness on his part but, as I have
found, by the second defendant’s misrepresentation, which he believed because
of his altered mental state. It is a mistake of sufficient gravity because it
strikes at the heart of the DOT, whose purpose is precisely to divest the
plaintiff of his right to use his assets according to his wishes and vest that
power in him and the second defendant jointly to be applied for the benefit of
their son. It is also a causative mistake because, as I have found, had he not
held this belief, he would not have signed the DOT. I consider that the
seriousness of this mistake makes it unconscionable for the disposition not to
be corrected because it is a disposition of serious consequence: the plaintiff
has been deprived of a significant portion of his assets.

87 I should make clear that the above is the mistake which I find the
plaintiff made on the evening of 26 March, when he was in a precarious mental
state. I should make clear that I have taken into consideration that his 11
February letter alludes to a mistake as to her intent: “It was only when David
Mitchell told me that you have sent him a copy of the document last December
that I realized that you intended to treat this as a legal document.” If there
was a mistake as to her intent, it may be regarded as a misprediction and not
a mistake: see Pitt v Holt at [109]–[114]. I am of the view, taking into
account the various factual findings which I have summarised at [69], that
because of his acute grief, he did not on 26 March 2014 have any clarity of
mind as to how or why it was exactly that the DOT did not have immediate legal
effect. He genuinely accepted and believed, as he was told, that signing the
DOT would leave him free to deal with his assets until his untimely death,
whenever that might happen. I find that this was the mistake that was
operative in his mind at the time he made the decision.

88 For the reasons above, I am persuaded that the plaintiff has made out his
case on mistake, and that it is an independent ground upon which to set aside
the DOT.

Undue influence

89 The law on undue influence is well-settled. In essence, there are two broad
ways for a plaintiff to establish undue influence. First, the plaintiff may
attempt to prove that the defendant has in fact exercised undue influence on
him in procuring the transaction he seeks to set aside. This is known as
“Class 1” undue influence. Second, the plaintiff may attempt to raise a
presumption that the defendant has exercised undue influence. This requires
proof of two requirements: (i) that there is a particular relationship which
enabled one party to influence the decisions of the other; and (ii) the
resulting transaction was manifestly disadvantageous to the other, ie, one
that calls for an explanation: Rajabali Jumabhoy and others v Ameerali R
Jumabhoy and others [1997] 2 SLR(R) 296 (“Rajabali”) at [184]; Royal Bank of
Scotland plc v Etridge (No 2) [2002] 2 AC 773 (“Etridge”) at [21]. Once these
elements are proved, the burden of proof shifts to the defendant to show that
he did not exercise undue influence on the plaintiff.

90 As regards the first requirement under presumed undue influence, a
plaintiff may attempt to raise an irrebuttable presumption of a relationship
of trust and confidence by showing that his relationship with the defendant
falls under one of the legally recognised categories of relationships of trust
and confidence. These include solicitor and client, parent and child, and
doctor and patient; they are the functional equivalent in equity of the common
law concept of res ipsa loquitor. This form of presumed undue influence is
known as “Class 2A” undue influence: Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Tan
Teck Khong and another (committee of the estate of Pang Jong Wan, mentally
disordered) and others [2005] 2 SLR(R) 694 (“Tan Teck Khong”) at [34]. It is
also well-established that husband and wife is not one of the relationships to
which the Class 2A principle applies: Etridge at [19]. Next, the plaintiff may
also furnish actual proof that a relationship of trust and confidence exists.
This form of presumed undue influence is known as “Class 2B” undue influence:
Tan Teck Khong at [34]. In the present case, the plaintiff relies only on
“Class 1” and “Class 2A” to establish undue influence, so I shall deal only
with them below.

(1) “Class 1” undue influence

91 The requirements for actual undue influence are well-established. As Judith
Prakash J (as she then was) explained in Rajabali at [186], in order to
establish a plea of actual undue influence, a plaintiff must show that:

(a) the other party to the transaction (or someone who induced the transaction
for his own benefit) had the capacity to influence the plaintiff;

(b) the influence was exercised;

(c) its exercise was undue; and

(d) its exercise brought about the transaction.

92 In my view, the second defendant had the capacity to influence the
plaintiff for a number of reasons. First, she was his wife. Although he did
not trust her enough to disclose to her the contents of his mother’s will, she
had previously advised him on matters of law: see [98] below. Second, he was
in a state of grief and isolation, and thus susceptible to influence. She was
aware of this, and acted with great urgency to take advantage of that
susceptibility and of her capacity to influence him. Third, her attempt to
persuade the plaintiff was legitimised by her father, who is a senior lawyer
whom he respected and who was in their presence on the evening of 26 March
2014.

93 The second defendant exercised the influence she had by persistently asking
him to sign the DOT and by misrepresenting to him its true legal effect. The
exercise was undue because the plaintiff was persuaded to sign the DOT based
on a lie that he would remain free to deal with his assets. In this regard, it
is well-established that undue influence may arise from misrepresentation:
Etridge at [103]. Furthermore, the plaintiff did not have the benefit of
independent legal advice before signing the DOT. In these circumstances, it is
clear to me that the second defendant “twisted the mind” of the plaintiff to
have him sign the DOT: see Daniel v Drew [2005] EWCA Civ 507 at [31]. Finally,
the second defendant’s influence caused the plaintiff to decide to sign the
DOT. For these reasons, the DOT should be set aside on the ground of actual
undue influence.

(2) “Class 2A” undue influence

94 The plaintiff also seeks to establish an implied retainer existing between
him and the second defendant, and him and the second defendant’s father. I
begin here by accepting that as a matter of principle, an implied retainer is
capable of giving rise to a solicitor and client relationship. Such a
relationship creates an irrebuttable presumption that there was a relationship
of trust and confidence that brings the case under the Class 2A analysis. The
parties do not dispute this proposition.

95 The test for the existence of an implied retainer was stated by the Court
of Appeal in Anwar Patrick Adrian and another v Ng Chong & Hue LLC and another
[2014] 3 SLR 761 (“Anwar Patrick Adrian”) at [49]: a retainer might be implied
where, on an objective consideration of all the circumstances, an intention to
enter into such a contractual relationship ought fairly and properly to be
imputed to all the parties. It is essential to take into account the putative
client’s perspective by asking whether he reasonably believed that a
solicitor-client relationship had arisen: Law Society of Singapore v
Uthayasurian Sidambaram [2009] 4 SLR(R) 674 at [41], citing Jeffery Pinsler,
Ethics and Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor
(Academy Publishing, 2007) at para 14-005. Also, it is essential to take into
account the putative solicitor’s perspective and to inquire as to whether he
must have known that he was acting as a solicitor: CIFG Special Assets Capital
I Ltd (formerly known as Diamond Kendall Ltd) v Polimet Pte Ltd and others
[2016] 1 SLR 1382 (“CIFG Special Assets”) at [105]. This forms the general
approach to identifying an implied retainer.

96 In CIFG Special Assets, George Wei J at [118] listed a number of
circumstances, taken from the case law, in which an implied retainer was
found. In these cases, the solicitor:

(a) provided advice to the alleged putative client without qualifying the
answers or informing the latter to seek independent advice;

(b) failed to clarify that he was not acting for the alleged putative client;

(c) signed off as the solicitor for the alleged putative client on a legally
important document;

(d) issued an invoice that included work done and services rendered to the
alleged putative clients; or

(e) took instructions from the alleged putative client.

97 In the present case, the parties’ submissions also invite an opinion on the
significance of the fact that it is the putative solicitor (ie, the second
defendant) who initiates the alleged solicitor-client relationship by offering
the client advice and services (ie, by presenting the DOT to the plaintiff for
his signature), and not the client who seeks advice or services. As a matter
of principle, I do not think the cases lay down any rule on whether such a
circumstance rules out the existence of an implied retainer. The question is
simply whether on an objective view an intention to enter into an implied
retainer may be imputed to the parties. The fact that it was the putative
solicitor who initiated the relationship may point to one inference or the
other, as the case may be. An objective analysis will have to consider the
effect of all the circumstances.

98 In my judgment, there was an implied retainer between the plaintiff and the
second defendant at the time the plaintiff signed the DOT. The context, as the
plaintiff correctly observes, 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 8 September 2017 at para 57.

is that the second defendant is in fact a trained lawyer. She was the one who
drafted the DOT. And she has a demonstrable familiarity with the law on trusts
as she advised the plaintiff on holding the Scotts Road property on trust to
avoid Additional Buyer’s Stamp Duty. It is clear that, while the plaintiff did
regard her as his wife, he also relied upon her because she was a trained
lawyer. In this regard, I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that the second
defendant had on many occasions prior to 26 March 2014 advised the plaintiff
on legal matters. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Certified Transcript, 19 July 2017, p 14 at lines 3–16; Certified Transcript,
20 July 2017, p 54 at lines 8–18.

Most importantly, as I have found, the second defendant prepared the DOT for
the plaintiff to sign on the evening of 26 March 2014 essentially on her own
accord, as he had never instructed her to draw up such a document: see
[40]–[41] above. Given that he had a history of approaching her for legal
advice, there is merit in the plaintiff’s submission that on that evening, the
second defendant was “proffering her legal work product to the Plaintiff and
demanding that he sign it”. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions dated 8 September 2017 at para 57.

And she failed eminently to qualify her work or advice, preferring instead to
assert misleadingly that the DOT had been written in “plain, simple English”
and required no explanation: see [57] above. He relied upon her as his closest
legal advisor, albeit also as a wife.

99 On these facts, and having regard to the five circumstances listed in CIFG
Assets, I find that there was an implied retainer, on the specific facts of
this case, between the plaintiff and the second defendant at the time the
plaintiff signed the DOT on 26 March 2014. The upshot is that there is an
irrebuttable presumption of the Class 2A type raised in favour of the
plaintiff that there was a relationship of trust and confidence between him
and the second defendant. Next, it is clear also that the DOT was manifestly
disadvantageous to him. It divested him of all his assets at the time he
signed it for nothing in return. The burden thus falls on the second defendant
to show that she did not exercise undue influence on him. For the reasons I
have already given, she clearly has not discharged that burden. Therefore, the
DOT ought to be set aside on the ground that Class 2A undue influence has been
made out.

Unconscionability

100 Finally, I turn to the doctrine of unconscionability. This is a doctrine
of uncertain scope and existence in Singapore law. It currently possesses a
narrow remit in English law, although that has not always been the position.
By contrast, it has enjoyed lively development and application in other
Commonwealth jurisdictions, including Australia and New Zealand. In this case,
the plaintiff invites me to adopt the modern Australian version of the
doctrine. To evaluate this contention, I find it appropriate for me first to
examine the doctrine’s origin and development in England. I will then briefly
describe the Australian position. Having taken these perspectives in account,
I will then examine the local context.

(1) Origin of the doctrine

101 The English courts of equity intervened to relieve prospective heirs from
the disposition of their expectant estates on unfavourable terms. They were
considered by the courts to warrant protection as they had sold their
“expectancy” or reversionary interest at an undervalue in order to raise funds
to satisfy some real or imagined immediate need, and the other party to the
transaction had taken advantage of them. The relief existed to protect
families and their estates from ruin (Cole v Gibbons (1734) 3 P Wms 290 Ch at
293 per Lord Talbot) and to protect expectant heirs from their own prodigality
(Gwynne v Heaton (1778) 1 Bro CC 1 Ch at 9 per Lord Thurlow LC). In Earl of
Chesterfield and Others Executors of John Spencer v Sir Abraham Janssen (1751)
2 Ves Sen 125 (“Earl of Chesterfield”) at 155–157, Lord Hardwicke LC explained
that the doctrine applied on proof of actual fraud on the part of the heir’s
counterparty or on a presumption of fraud, inferred from the unconscionability
of the bargain, which the counterparty bore the burden of rebutting, failing
which the transaction would be set aside.

102 As the doctrine developed, there came a point where a person who sold a
reversionary interest could obtain relief by simply proving that the sale was
at an undervalue: see Peacock v Evans (1809) 16 Ves Jr 512, where Grant MR set
aside the transaction solely on the basis of its undervalue, noting that
“there was nothing dishonourable or immoral in [the buyer’s] conduct” (at
518); see also Bowes v Heaps (1814) 3 V & B 117 at 121. The law was then
changed by the Sales of Reversions Act 1867 (UK), now re-enacted in s 174 of
the Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK), which provided that no purchase of a
reversionary interest made bona fide and without fraud was to be opened or set
aside “merely on the ground of under-value”.

103 The 1867 Act did not remove the court’s equitable jurisdiction to set
aside unconscionable transactions. That jurisdiction was re-asserted by the
Court of Appeal in Chancery in Earl of Aylesford v Morris [1861-73] All ER 300
(“Earl of Aylesford”). In that case, the plaintiff, soon after he came of age
and while his father was alive, borrowed from the defendant a large sum. As
security he gave the defendant bills which, with interest and discount,
together exceeded 60% of the principal. The bills were renewed and, after the
death of the plaintiff’s father, the defendant sued the plaintiff for payment
on the bills. The plaintiff then applied for an injunction to restrain that
action. The court granted the injunction. It held that his being an actual
tenant in tail in remainder, instead of being merely an expectant heir, made
no difference. Lord Selborne LC affirmed at 303 in the following terms the
principle laid down by Lord Hardwicke (in Earl of Chesterfield at 157):

These changes of the law [ie, the 1867 Act] have in no degree whatever altered
the onus probandi in these case which, according to the language of Lord
Hardwicke,

from the circumstances or conditions of the parties contracting – Weakness on
one side, extortion and advantage taken of that weakness on the other

– raise a presumption of fraud. Fraud does not here mean deceit or
circumvention; it means an unconscientious use of the power arising out of
these circumstances and conditions; and when the relative position of the
parties is such as prima facie to raise this presumption, the transaction
cannot stand unless the person claiming the benefit of it is able to repel the
presumption by contrary evidence, proving it to have been in point of fact
fair, just, and reasonable. …

… [I]t is sufficient for the application of the principle, if the parties meet
under such circumstances as to give the stronger party dominion over the
weaker, in the particular transaction; and such power and influence are
generally possessed, in every transaction of this kind, by those who trade on
the follies and vices of unprotected youth, inexperience, and moral
imbecility.

104 Lord Selborne’s main statement of principle was approved by the House of
Lords in Hugh O’Rorke v John Joseph Bolingbroke (1876-77) LR 2 App Cas 814.
Notably, his Lordship also observed that a common feature of catching bargains
with expectant heirs was that the heir would have entered into the transaction
without parental or professional advice (at 303).

105 In Fry v Lane (1888) 40 Ch D 312, the plaintiffs were impoverished and
uneducated workers – a plumber and a laundryman earning £1 a week – who sold
the reversionary interests in their uncle’s estate to the defendant for £170
and £270 respectively. They were advised on the sale by an inexperienced
solicitor. When their aunt died in 1886, the interests were each worth £730,
and in 1878 when they sold them to the defendant, the interests were said to
have been worth £475. Upon discovering this they brought an action for the
sale to be set aside. Kay J gave them judgment and held that the principle in
Earl of Aylesford applied. He analysed the cases and stated the law as follows
(at 322):

The result of the decisions is that where a purchase is made from a poor and
ignorant man at a considerable undervalue, the vendor having no independent
advice, a Court of Equity will set aside the transaction.

…

The circumstances of poverty and ignorance of the vendor, absence of
independent advice, throw upon the purchaser, when the transaction is
impeached, the onus of proving, in Lord Selborne’s words, that the purchase
was “fair, just and reasonable”.

106 The plaintiffs in Fry v Lane were therefore not accorded the law’s
protection on account of their being expectant heirs but because they were, in
Kay J’s words, “poor, ignorant men, to whom the temptation of the immediate
possession of £100 would be very great” (at 323).

(2) Developments in England and Australia

107 Subsequently, the doctrine of unconscionability in England, according to
Dr David Capper, “effectively went into hibernation” for nearly 90 years
between Fry v Lane in 1889 and Cresswell v Potter [1978] 1 WLR 255
(“Cresswell”) in 1978: David Capper, “The unconscionable bargain in the common
law world” (2010) 126 LQR 403 at 403 (“Capper”). Nevertheless, when the
doctrine first resurfaced in England, it retained the essence of Kay J’s and
Lord Selborne’s statements of principle. In Cresswell, the plaintiff was a
divorcing wife who had transferred her half interest in the parties’
matrimonial home to the defendant husband in return for an indemnity against
the liabilities under the mortgage on the home but for no other consideration.
The defendant later sold the home, and the plaintiff claimed an entitlement to
half the sale proceeds. Megarry J adopted a modern interpretation of Fry v
Lane, and explained the law in terms of three main requirements, which
together constitute a non-exhaustive example of a circumstance of “oppression
or abuse of confidence which will invoke the aid of equity” (at 257G–H):

The judge [ie, Kay J in Fry v Lane] thus laid down three requirements. What
has to be considered is, first, whether the plaintiff is poor and ignorant;
second, whether the sale was a considerable undervalue; and third, whether the
vendor had independent advice. I am not, of course, suggesting that these are
the only circumstances which will suffice; thus there may be circumstances of
oppression or abuse of confidence which will invoke the aid of equity. …

… Eighty years ago, when Fry v. Lane was decided, social conditions were very
different from those which exist today. I do not, however, think that the
principle has changed, even though the euphemisms of the 20th century may
require the word “poor” to be replaced by “a member of the lower income group”
or the like, and the word “ignorant” by “less highly educated.” …

Megarry J went on to find that the plaintiff had fulfilled all three of the
main requirements, and that the defendant failed to discharge his burden of
proving that the transaction was “fair, just and reasonable” (at 259H). He
therefore held that the plaintiff was entitled to half of the sale proceeds.
Cresswell was applied to similar facts in Backhouse v Backhouse [1978] 1 WLR
243.

108 Subsequent English cases narrowed the position in Cresswell by embracing
the requirement that the defendant must have “imposed the objectionable terms
in a morally reprehensible manner, that is to say, in a way which affects his
conscience”: Multiservice Bookbinding Ltd and others v Marden [1979] Ch 84
(“Marden”) per Browne-Wilkinson J (as he then was). This dictum was approved
by the Privy Council in Boustany v Pigott [1995] 69 P & CR 298. In that case,
Lord Templeman took the view that unconscionability relates not just to the
terms of the bargain but to the behaviour of the stronger party, which must be
characterised by some moral culpability (at 303).

109 Elsewhere in the Commonwealth exist broader approaches to the doctrine.
For example, in Australia, the leading High Court decision in The Commercial
Bank of Australia Ltd v Amadio and another (1983) 151 CLR 447 (“Amadio”) lays
down the principle for setting aside an unconscionable transaction, “which may
be invoked whenever one party by reason of some condition or circumstance is
placed at a special disadvantage vis-à-vis another and unfair or
unconscientious advantage is then taken of the opportunity thereby created”
(at 462 per Mason J). Significantly, no overt unconscionable conduct or
morally reprehensible behaviour is said to be required. Instead, in applying
the Amadio principle, the court’s task is to determine “whether the whole
course of dealing between the parties has been such that, as between the
parties, responsibility for the plaintiff’s loss should be ascribed to
unconscientious conduct on the part of the defendant”: Kakavas v Crown
Melbourne Limited [2013] HCA 25 at [18]. This is the approach the plaintiff
suggests.

(3) The position in Singapore

110 I turn now to consider the position in Singapore. In this regard, the
learned authors of The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong
gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract”) say at para 12.219
that “[t]he Singapore position [on unconscionability] is not wholly clear. The
only certainty might be that the doctrine of unconscionability is still in its
formative stages of development.” It is at least clear, however, that a broad
and distinct doctrine of unconscionability, like that in Amadio, has not taken
root in Singapore, as the Court of Appeal observed in Chua Chian Ya v Music &
Movements (S) Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 607 at [17] and [24]. It is instructive,
nevertheless, to examine the cases that have dealt with unconscionability.

111 In Fong Whye Koon v Chan Ah Thong [1996] 1 SLR(R) 801 (“Fong Whye Koon”),
Warren Khoo J quoted approvingly from the decision of the High Court of
Australia in Blomley v Ryan (1956) 99 CLR 362 (“Blomley”). In Blomley,
Fullagar J at 405 observed that the circumstances adversely affecting a party
who needs the aid of equity to set aside a transaction cannot be
“satisfactorily classified”, but their common characteristic is that they have
the effect of “placing one party at a serious disadvantage vis-à-vis the
other”. Relying on Fullagar J’s statement, Khoo J said that although the
principle on unconscionable bargains originated to protect young expectant
heirs from being swindled of their inheritance, now it “has been extended to
all cases in which the parties contracting do not meet on equal terms” (at
[7]).

112 Two subsequent High Court cases, where Fong Whye Koon was not considered,
take the view that Cresswell represents the law in Singapore: Rajabali ([89]
supra) at [196] and E C Investment v Ridout Residence Pte Ltd and another
(Orion Oil Ltd and another, interveners) [2011] 2 SLR 232 (“E C Investment”)
at [63]. In Rajabali, Prakash J declined to expand the first criterion in
Cresswell from poverty and ignorance to a general form of “special disability”
or “special disadvantage” in line with the Amadio principle (at [198]). In her
view, this is because inequality of bargaining power is not a sufficient
reason to set aside a transaction (at [198]). In E C Investment, Quentin Loh J
agreed with Prakash J’s rejection of Amadio principle and held at [66] that a
doctrine of unconscionability, in that form, was not part of Singapore law. He
opined that adopting such a doctrine would “inject unacceptable uncertainty in
commercial contracts and in the expectations of men of commerce”.

113 In this case, the plaintiff’s counsel encourages me to embrace the Amadio
principle, at least in the area of voluntary dispositions, the DOT being such
a disposition.

114 In evaluating this submission, I first record my agreement with the point
made in Rajabali and E C Investment that inequality of bargaining power is not
a sufficient reason to set aside a contract. An approach based purely on
inequality of bargaining power would undermine the certainty which is critical
to commercial transactions. The Amadio principle is not, of course, based
purely on such inequality. However, neither does it require overt
unconscionable conduct. Instead, the court undertakes a broad inquiry to
determine whether fault can be ascribed to the defendant’s unconscientious
conduct. In my view, this breadth of this inquiry would promote too much
uncertainty. Furthermore, the exclusion of a requirement for overt
unconscionable conduct would appear to undermine the historical fraudulent
basis of the doctrine: see [103] above. In my view, these reasons militate in
favour of applying the test in Cresswell.

115 Should the doctrine of unconscionability take a different approach along
the lines of the Amadio principle for voluntary dispositions, as the plaintiff
suggests? It is clear that such a disposition would not attract the importance
of ensuring commercial certainty, which Rajabali and EC Investments
emphasises. Indeed, the law’s interest in protecting bargains, and in the
security of contracts, is not engaged in the case of a gift, even if made by
deed: Pitt v Holt ([85] supra) at [114] per Lord Walker, citing with approval
Dominic O’Sullivan, Steven Ballantyne Elliott & Rafal Zakrzewski, The Law of
Rescission (Oxford University Press, 2008) at para 29.22. The law recognises a
distinction between voluntary dispositions and dispositions supported by
consideration. An example of this distinction is the rule that if the promise
to create a trust is contained in a deed unsupported by consideration, it will
be unenforceable by an equitable decree for specific performance since equity
will not assist a volunteer: Sheares Betty Hang Kiu v Chow Kwok Chi and others
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 285 (“Sheares Betty”) at [24], citing Underhill & Hayton, Law
Relating to Trusts and Trustees (Butterworths, 15th Ed, 1995) at p 7.

116 Nevertheless, in my view, the mere fact that a transaction is a voluntary
disposition should not make it more likely that it was procured by
unconscionable conduct. Such dispositions are made for a wide variety of
reasons, and in the family context, many a voluntary disposition may appear
unduly generous even if legitimate. Of course, neither should one deny the
existence of room for abuse in that context. But the Cresswell test already
takes that into account: it requires the transaction to be at an undervalue.

117 With that in mind, I turn to the Cresswell criteria. The three primary
requirements are: first, the plaintiff must be poor and ignorant, in the sense
that he is of a lower income group and is less well educated (Megarry J’s
gloss on Kay J’s original first requirement); second, the transaction must be
at an undervalue; and third, the plaintiff must not have received independent
legal advice. Alternatively, “there may be circumstances of oppression or
abuse of confidence which will invoke the aid of equity”: Cresswell at 257F.
As Cresswell concerned the three primary requirements, Megarry J did not give
the alternative limb of oppression or abuse of confidence any further
consideration. It is important, however, to bear in mind the fact that the
three requirements are, taken together, only a non-exhaustive example of a
circumstance of oppression or abuse of confidence, as I have mentioned at
[107] above.

118 In the present case, the first limb of Cresswell is clearly not made out
because the plaintiff is not of low income and is well-educated. Oppression or
abuse of confidence is therefore the limb under the Cresswell test with which
I am concerned. The issue of principle at hand, therefore, is the true content
of this limb. In this connection, I begin by noting the historical
characteristics of the expectant heir involved in a catching bargain. The heir
was in financial need, often because he was put on a thin allowance. He felt
unable to reveal his financial need to his family because he was afraid to
endanger his expectancy. Unable to communicate with his family, he was left
with his inexperience and without proper advice. He was therefore easily
tempted to trade his future inheritance for money up front, which might in
turn lead him to a dissolute life: Catherine MacMillan, “Earl of Aylesford v
Morris” in Landmark Cases in Equity (Charles Mitchell and Paul Mitchell eds)
(Hart Publishing 2014) at p 332. So to a degree, the expectant heir was poor
and ignorant, though not in the sense of being of a lower income group and
being uneducated.

119 Importantly however, Lord Hardwicke, in deciding such a case in Earl of
Chesterfield, did not restrict the doctrine to those circumstances. His
Lordship’s general principle was that equitable fraud which vitiates a
transaction may be presumed “from the circumstances or conditions of the
parties contracting: weakness on one side, usury on the other, or extortion
and advantage taken of that weakness” (at 157). In my view, this is the
principle that Megarry J must have sought to preserve under the test of
“oppression and abuse of confidence” in Cresswell. Crucially, under that test,
the requirements of undervalue and lack of independent advice do not lose
significance. They remain important because they were the very factors present
in the early cases decided by Lord Hardwicke and Lord Selborne which led to
the finding of equitable fraud in the first place.

120 Thus, returning to the words of Lord Hardwicke in Earl of Chesterfield, it
is possible to formulate two requirements for what amounts to oppression or
abuse of confidence. First, there must be weakness on one side. Such weakness
could arise from poverty, ignorance or other circumstances, like acute grief
in this case. Lack of independent advice would almost always deepen the
weakness. Second, there must be exploitation, extortion or advantage taken of
that weakness. A transaction at an undervalue would be a necessary component
of this requirement.

121 In formulating these two criteria, I am aware that in Rajabali, Prakash J
declined to expand the first primary criterion in Cresswell from poverty and
ignorance to a general form of “special disability” or “special disadvantage”
in line with the Amadio principle (at [198]). Her comments were in the context
of adopting the whole of the Amadio principle. In the case at hand, while I
have suggested weakness as one of two requirements for establishing oppression
or abuse of confidence, I have also set out a second requirement of
exploitation, extortion or advantage taken. In other words, the test retains
the need for overt unconscionable conduct which Amadio does not. This second
criteria is narrow and meets the concern that inequality of bargaining power,
in itself, cannot vitiate a transaction. It also meets the concern expressed
in the 1867 Act not to set aside transactions “merely on the ground of under-
value”.

122 Finally, once these two elements are established, it will be for the
defendant to show that the transaction was, in the words of Lord Selborne in
Earl of Aylesford, “fair, just and reasonable” (at 303): Cresswell at 259H;
Chitty on Contracts (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at
para 8-139. If he is unable to do so, then the transaction is liable to be set
aside on the ground of unconscionability.

(4) Decision

123 Turning to the facts of this case, I find that the first element is made
out. The plaintiff was in a state of weakness at the time he signed the DOT
due to his grief and isolation, his relationship with the second defendant,
his lack of independent legal advice, and his trust in her ability as a
lawyer. These circumstances created a window of opportunity for oppression.
The second element is also made out. The second defendant deepened that window
of opportunity by asking him to leave. Misrepresenting to him that the DOT
would take effect only upon his death, she took advantage of his emotionally
vulnerable state in order to persuade him to part with the entirety of his
assets, which were substantial. Lastly, the DOT, being made voluntarily, was
undoubtedly a transaction at an undervalue.

124 These two elements having been established, it falls on the second
defendant to persuade me that the DOT is fair, just and reasonable. I have no
doubt that it was not. The plain effect of the DOT, as the plaintiff
emphasised to the second defendant on 12 February 2015, was to make him a
pauper on the day he signed it, because it had the effect of stripping him of
his beneficial entitlement to all his assets. The DOT was not a fair and
reasonable means by which he was to provide for his family and must be set
aside on the ground of unconscionability.

125 Before leaving this section, I highlight that in adopting and adapting the
Cresswell test, I have deliberately avoided the somewhat narrower present
English limitation requiring morally reprehensible conduct on the defendant’s
part. The rationale for my doing so may be explained by reference to the case
of Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland NV v Burch [1997] 1 All ER 144 (“Burch”). In
that case, the defendant was procured by her employer to mortgage her flat as
a security without limit for an increase in his company’s overdraft. She did
so without legal advice and without knowledge of the company’s indebtedness to
the bank. After the company became insolvent, the bank issued proceedings to
possess her flat. The English Court of Appeal held that she was presumed to
have mortgaged her flat under her employer’s undue influence because the
transaction was manifestly disadvantageous to her. It held also that the bank
had failed reasonably to avoid being fixed with constructive notice of that
undue influence, with the result that the legal charge on the flat was set
aside.

126 Unconscionability was not pleaded. Millett LJ suggested that the case
could have been run on that ground, but if so, the plaintiff would have had to
show additionally that the defendant was “morally reprehensible” in procuring
the transaction (at 153a). As a matter of principle, it seems to me that the
frame, “morally reprehensible”, is more appropriately regarded as a
characterisation of the facts, rather than as an element to be proved. Moral
reprehensibility would be present in most cases where a plaintiff has been
exploited or taken advantage of, but the label perhaps overemphasises the need
for subjective, high moral judgment. By imposing it as an additional
requirement, the English courts may have introduced a gloss that could have
been perceived by the defendant’s counsel in Burch to be more restrictive than
intended, which in turn may be why he did not rely on it. Yet on the facts of
that case, it is not clear whether the court had any reason apart from the
manifestly disadvantageous transaction itself to infer that undue influence
had been exercised. Millett LJ concluded that “[n]o court of equity could
allow such a transaction to stand”, being a transaction “which, in the
traditional phrase, ‘shocks the conscience of the court’” (152g–h). There was
no direct evidence of a relationship of trust and confidence between the
defendant and her employer in that case. Millett LJ inferred the relationship
simply from the improvidence of the transaction. In my view, Burch may have
been more satisfactorily dealt with under the revised Cresswell criteria
adopted in the present case. Indeed, as Nourse LJ said in Burch at 151b–f, it
was “very well arguable that [the defendant] could, directly against the bank,
have had the legal charge set aside as an unconscionable bargain” on the
authority of Earl of Aylesford, Fry v Lane and Cresswell.

Conclusion on the second issue

127 I have, in this case, considered four equitable remedies. I close by
outlining the factual findings that are foundational to the plaintiff’s
success on each of them.

128 First, misrepresentation is essentially the making of a false statement by
a defendant which induces a plaintiff to do a certain act. In the present
case, as I have summarised at [69], the plaintiff relied on the second
defendant’s misrepresentation that the DOT takes effect only upon his death,
and his reliance on that misrepresentation in signing the DOT, are the
critical facts.

129 Next, the doctrine of mistake, for the purpose of setting aside voluntary
transactions, focuses simply on whether the party entering that transaction by
reason of a mistake of sufficient gravity. In the present case, the factual
matrix of the second defendant’s misrepresentation explains the cause of the
plaintiff’s mistake. That mistake, which is the critical fact for his claim on
mistake, is his is mistaken belief at the time he signed the DOT that the DOT
would take effect only upon his death.

130 Undue influence is principally concerned with pressure exercised by virtue
of a relationship: The Law of Contract ([110] supra) at para 12.096. Thus, in
the present case, the critical facts on the Class 2A form of this remedy
concern (i) the circumstances under which the DOT was signed which go towards
establishing an implied retainer between the plaintiff and the second
defendant and (ii) the fact that the DOT is manifestly disadvantageous to him.
The fact of misrepresentation is strictly not necessary this analysis because
the burden falls on the second defendant to show that she did not exercise
undue influence. The critical facts on Class 1, on the other hand, concern the
second defendant’s exercise of influence on the plaintiff, and therefore
overlap with the facts which go towards unconscionability.

131 Unconscionability is concerned with overt unconscionable conduct on the
defendant’s part. In the present case, the critical facts on this doctrine are
the plaintiff’s weakness, constituted among other things by his acute grief
and sense of isolation, and also the second defendant’s exploitation of that
weakness by way of misrepresentation and exertion of pressure. In this
context, it is not surprising that Class 1 undue influence and
unconscionability depend on the same facts to be established. The overlap
between the doctrines of undue influence and unconscionability is well-
documented, and it has been asked whether there is any distinction between the
two: see eg, Andrew Phang, “Undue Influence – methodology, sources and
linkages” [1995] JBL 552; Capper at p 418. Nevertheless, Professor Phang (as
he then was) accepted at p 569 of his article that “a situation of
unconscionability need not (unlike one pertaining to undue influence)
necessarily entail a fiduciary relationship”. Moreover, cases like Burch
suggest that it remains important to preserve an independent life for the
ancient remedy of unconscionability to police transactions which reflect
manifest exploitation.

132 Fundamentally, where a case plainly presents the facts of weakness in one
party being exploited by another, those facts deserve to be confronted
directly by the court, to whom the more specific hurdles of undue influence
may justifiably appear less important or perhaps less suited to the analysis.
In the present case, the court is faced with a trust over “all assets, both
personal and immoveable, owned by [the plaintiff], whether legally or
beneficially” on a completely voluntary basis. This is sufficiently onerous to
cry out for an explanation. There is no doubt that the second defendant’s
exploitation of the plaintiff’s grief, isolation and lack of independent
advice to lay claim to all he owns is properly to be described as an act of
oppression and abuse of confidence that shocks the conscience of the court.

Issue 3: Should the DOT be set aside because it is a legally defective
instrument?

133 I will turn now to analyse whether the DOT is a legally valid instrument
on its own. The following issues are raised by the parties’ submissions, and I
consider them in sequence:

(a) Is the DOT void because it does not define the trust property with
reasonable certainty?

(b) Does the trust property extend to the plaintiff’s interest under his
mother’s will, and if so, what is the scope of that interest?

Does the DOT define the trust property with reasonable certainty?

134 The plaintiff contends that the DOT is void because the trust property is
not indicated with sufficient certainty. The test for voidness for uncertainty
was described by the House of Lords in Whishaw and another v Stephens and
others, In re Gulbenkian’s Settlement [1970] 1 AC 508. While the uncertainty
in that case concerned the class of beneficiaries to which the trust applied,
their Lordships opined in general terms on the language necessary to create a
trust for persons. Thus, Lord Reid observed at 517F that “[a] client must not
be penalised for his lawyer’s slovenly drafting”, and that the court’s task
was to consider whether underlying the words used any reasonably clear
intention can be discerned. Lord Upjohn at 522B-D gave further guidance on the
court’s approach:

There is no doubt that the first task is to try to ascertain the settlor’s
intention, so to speak, without regard to the consequences, and then, having
construed the document, apply the test. The court, whose task it is to
discover that intention, starts by applying the usual canons of construction;
words must be given their usual meaning, the clause should be read literally
and in accordance with the ordinary rules of grammar. But very frequently,
whether it be in wills, settlements or commercial agreements, the application
of such fundamental canons leads nowhere, the draftsman has used words
wrongly, his sentences border on the illiterate and his grammar may be
appalling. It is then the duty of the court by the exercise of its judicial
knowledge and experience in the relevant matter, innate common sense and
desire to make sense of the settlor’s or parties’ expressed intentions,
however obscure and ambiguous the language that may have been used, to give a
reasonable meaning to that language if it can do so without doing complete
violence to it. The fact that the court has to see whether the clause is
“certain” for a particular purpose does not disentitle the court from doing
otherwise than, in the first place, try to make sense of it.

135 In the present case, the clause in the DOT that the plaintiff impugns for
uncertainty reads: “… all assets, both personal and immoveable, owned by me,
whether legally or beneficially …”. In particular, the plaintiff’s counsel
argues that the word “owned by me” is ambiguous because it is capable of being
combined with a number of auxiliary verbs to read, for example, “which are
owned”, “which are and shall be owned” or “which may be owned”. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

Certified Transcript, 17 July 2017, p 110 at lines 16-24.

As the latter two interpretations cover future property, which cannot be the
subject of a trust, and as the DOT does not contain a severability clause
which preserves the validity of the DOT as to trust property defined with
reasonable certainty, the entire DOT should be invalidated. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Certified Transcript, 17 July 2017, p 111 at lines 9-17.

136 I do not accept this submission. Bearing Lord Upjohn’s guidance in mind, I
consider that on a plain reading, the clause provides that all the assets the
plaintiff “owned” (in the past simple tense) at the time he signed the DOT
would become the subject of the trust created by the DOT. No one before the
start of the trial ever suggested that the clause be read in any other way.
The plaintiff himself understood that to be meaning of the clause: that is why
he resisted signing the DOT initially. And that is why after being advised on
the DOT he later claimed that the second defendant, by procuring his signature
on it, had made him a “pauper”. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Plaintiff’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief dated 12 May 2017, p 156 at line
355.

The defendants do not suggest that the DOT covers future property. Their
argument is that the plaintiff’s interest in his late mother’s estate
subsisted at the time he signed the DOT, not that it accrued to him after he
signed the DOT but was caught by the DOT’s language. The nature of that
interest, and whether it has the effect for which the defendants contend, is a
separate matter which I shall consider below. The DOT expresses with
reasonable certainty that the trust it created was intended to extend to all
the plaintiff’s assets as at 26 March 2014.

Does the trust property extend to the plaintiff’s interest under his mother’s
will, and if so, what is the scope of that interest?

137 The plaintiff argues that any inheritance obtained from his mother’s will
is future property. Relying on Wong Moy (administratrix of the estate of Theng
Chee Khim (decd) v Soo Ah Choy [1995] 3 SLR(R) 822, he argues that he had no
interest in her estate at the time, as the estate was still under
administration. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s Opening Statement dated 17 July 2017, paras 156–161.

The defendants, on the other hand, argue that as at the time of the DOT, the
plaintiff already had a right to enforce the proper administration of his late
mother’s will. That right was a chose in action, and the plaintiff by the DOT
created a trust over it. The trust has also since captured the fruits of the
plaintiff’s exercise of that chose in action, which comprise the assets he has
been apportioned under the deed of family arrangement after terminating with
his sister the testamentary trust under his late mother’s will.

138 It is well-established that a beneficiary of a will has an equitable right
or a chose in action to have the deceased estate properly administered, and
such a right may be the subject of a settlement: Sheares Betty ([115] supra)
at [38]. In In Re Maye [2008] 1 WLR 315, Lord Scott of Foscote, citing the
well-known case of Commissioner of Stamp Duties (Queensland) v Hugh Duncan
Livingston [1965] AC 694 at 708 and Lord Sudeley and others v The Attorney-
General (on behalf of Her Majesty) [1897] AC 11 at 18, held that the residuary
legatee’s interest under an unadministered will was a “proprietary interest
capable of assignment by its proprietor, of devolution as an asset of her
estate on her death and of any other incidents of proprietary choses in
action” (at [16]).

139 In addition, even though the interest may at the time of its disposition
be only a chose in action, the disponee will be regarded as entitled to the
property which the exercise of the chose in action would have granted the
disponor. Thus Buckley J said in In re Leigh’s Will Trusts [1970] 1 Ch 277 at
282B, “[i]f a person entitled to such a chose in action can transmit or assign
it, such transmission or assignment must carry with it the right to receive
the fruits of the chose in action when they mature.” This proposition was
approved by Lord Templeman in Marshall (Inspector of Taxes) v Kerr [1994] 1 AC
148 at 158A.

140 This being the case, the plaintiff argues that even if the trust created
by the DOT extends in any way to the plaintiff’s interest under his mother’s
will, it extends only to his right to withdraw an allowance of $10,000 from
his mother’s estate every month: 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 28 August 2017 at para 148.

see [9] above. This is because the plaintiff obtained his share of his late
mother’s estate not by exercising his right to have the estate administered
properly. He did it by (i) entering into a deed of family arrangement with his
sister concerning how the assets of the estate should be apportioned between
them, (ii) exercising his right under Saunders v Vautier, with his sister as
co-beneficiary of their late mother’s will, to terminate their mother’s
testamentary trust, and then (iii) dividing the assets according to the
agreement contained in the deed of family arrangement. Qualitatively
therefore, the plaintiff by choosing this course of action was not exercising
his right to enforce the proper administration of his mother’s estate. In
fact, he could not plausibly be regarded to have exercised that right: the
will prescribes the division of the estate into “equal shares” as between the
plaintiff and his sister, whereas the division agreed under deed of family
agreement was unequal in terms of both number and value of the assets under
the estate. What the plaintiff did was to exercise, jointly with his sister,
his right under Saunders v Vautier to terminate their mother’s testamentary
trust, and then contractually to apportion between themselves the assets under
that trust by way of the deed of family arrangement.

141 The defendants contend that the DOT covers the plaintiff’s share of the
estate as settled under the deed of family arrangement. They argue that the
Saunders v Vautier principle confirms that the beneficiaries collectively have
the beneficial interest in the property and have the right to bring the trust
to an end. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

This right, on the part of the plaintiff, would have existed at the time the
DOT was signed. Under the DOT, the plaintiff purported to place “all” his
assets on trust for the first defendant, and that could be read as including
his right under Saunders v Vautier to terminate his mother’s testamentary
trust. This last point is a complex point that would have benefited from full
arguments, which were not made, in part because the plaintiff responded
substantively to the point in his late written reply. The plaintiff’s response
is to highlight that the apportionment of the estate’s assets was not a given,
but was contingent on (i) a contractual arrangement with his sister; and (ii)
his sister’s decision to exercise her right under Saunders v Vautier jointly
with him. Having not responded to this argument, however, the defendants may
simply have taken the view that the plaintiff, having held his Saunders v
Vautier right on trust under the DOT, and having exercised that right with his
sister, exercised it in keeping with his fiduciary duty to the first defendant
under the DOT. On this hypothesis, the fruits of his exercise of the right
still comprise the part of his mother’s estate which he was apportioned and
which he continues to hold on trust for the first defendant under the DOT.

142 I did not pursue these points with counsel and I highlight them only
briefly here because it is not strictly necessary for me to decide the issue.
My findings on the plaintiff’s primary case and my conclusion that the DOT
defines the trust property with sufficient certainty are sufficient to dispose
of this case. To the extent that actionable damage is required to establish
misrepresentation, the plaintiff was already a man of substantial means at the
time he signed the DOT, with two apartments in the Marina Bay Sands area.
These assets are within the scope of the DOT. The points discussed here are
perhaps more relevant to the claim on unconscionability, as they make clear
the possible extent of the voluntary disposition. Even in that regard,
nevertheless, the specific extent of the plaintiff’s wealth is less important
than the fact that the second defendant intended to secure its fullest
possible measure. Her attempt to do so – in the plaintiff’s moment of
vulnerability – is that which shocks the conscience of the court.

Judgment

143 In the result, the DOT of 26 March 2014 is set aside. I shall hear parties
on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Dr Michael Hwang SC and Derric Yeoh (Michael Hwang Chambers LLC) (instructed)
and Anthony Lee, Loh Wai Mooi and Wang Liansheng (Bih Li & Lee LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the first defendant;  
Suresh s/o Damodara and Clement Ong (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the second
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

