Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 07

Suit No 310 of 2015

Between

SULASTRI BTE ACHMAD  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

  

And

1.| TAN HEE HANG  
---|---  
2.| KENDO TRADING PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Damages] – [Compensation and Damages] – [Dependency]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sulastri bte Achmad

  
v

  
Tan Hee Hang and

another

[2017] SGHC 07

High Court — Suit No 310 of 2015  
Tan Lee Meng SJ  
, 31 March 2016; 30 May 2016

7 February 2017 Judgment reserved

Tan Lee Meng SJ:

1 This case involves a dependency claim by the plaintiff, Mdm Sulastri binte
Achmad (“Mdm Sulastri”), whose husband, Mr Mohamed Ismail bin Surip (the
“deceased”), was fatally injured after he was hit by a lorry on the Ayer Rajah
Expressway (“AYE”) on 17 February 2015, as well as a claim for damages by the
deceased’s estate (the “Estate”).

2 The first defendant, Mr Tan Hee Hang (“Tan”), drove a lorry bearing number
YL50X (“the lorry”) that hit the deceased while he was riding his motor-cycle
bearing number FBC 8642E. The second defendant, Kendo Trading Pte Ltd
(“Kendo”), who is Tan’s employer, was the owner of the lorry at the material
time. Kendo is being sued on the basis that it is vicariously liable for the
actions of its employee or agent, Tan. Kendo admitted that Tan was authorised
to drive the lorry in the course of his employment and that the accident
occurred while he was driving the lorry back to its premises after having
ferried its workers to their dormitories in Tuas.

The accident and interlocutory judgment against the defendants

3 On 17 February 2015, the deceased, then aged 51 years and 11 months, was
riding his motor-cycle along the AYE and heading towards the city near the
Jurong Hill Flyover at around 3.30 am. He was riding along the third lane away
from the central road divider when he was hit from the rear by the lorry. The
deceased suffered multiple injuries and he died at the scene of the accident.

4 Initially, Mdm Sulastri asserted that the defendants were wholly liable for
the accident while the defendants asserted that the deceased had cut into the
path of the lorry and contributed to the accident. Tan claimed that the
deceased was travelling on another lane before cutting into his lane and that
he could not apply his brakes in time to avoid hitting the deceased’s motor-
cycle.

5 Mdm Sulastri engaged the services of a traffic accident reconstructionist,
Mr Kelvin Koay Hean Lye (“Kelvin Koay”), from Koay’s Consulting Pte Ltd, who
concluded in his report that at the material time, Tan was travelling at a
speed of around 80-88 km per hour, which was well above the speed limit of 70
km per hour for that stretch of the road and that Tan was wholly responsible
for the accident.

6 The implications of Mr Koay’s report need not be considered because the
parties reached a settlement on the issue of the deceased’s liability for the
accident on the first day of the trial. Under the settlement, it was agreed
that the deceased should bear 5% of the responsibility for the accident. In
view of the settlement, interlocutory judgment was entered against the
defendants for 95% of the damages assessed as due to the Estate and to Mdm
Sulastri for her dependency claim.

The claims of the Estate

7 The deceased died intestate. Upon the application of Mdm Sulastri and her
daughter, Ms Nur Fatin binte Mohamed Ismail (“Nur Fatin”), the Family Justice
Courts issued the Grant of Letters of Administration on 26 March 2015.

8 The Estate claimed general damages for bereavement, which amounted to
$15,000, as well as the following special damages:

(a) Funeral expenses $1,300

(b) Cost of the letters of administration $4,115

(c) LTA Transfer fee $11

(d) PIN fee $5.35

(e) Tombstone $1,000

(f) Loss of the motor-cycle $2,000

(g) Towing fee $35.

9 The claim for damages for bereavement was accepted by the defendants, who
also admitted liability for items (a) – (d) of the special damages listed in
the above paragraph. However, the defendants denied liability for the cost of
the deceased’s tombstone, the loss of the motor-cycle and the towing fee for
removing the damaged motor-cycle from the accident scene.

10 The defendants initially contended that the claim of $1,000 for the
deceased’s tombstone should be dismissed because there was no documentary
evidence of any payment for this alleged expense. On the last day of the
trial, Mdm Sulastri finally furnished a receipt for $900 from Jasman Marble
Contractor, who installed the deceased’s tombstone. The defendants accepted
the authenticity of the marble contractor’s receipt and in their closing
submissions, they agreed to pay the said $900.

11 The defendant rejected the Estate’s claim for $2,000 for the loss of the
deceased’s motor-cycle on the ground that there was no documentary proof of
this loss. They were justified in doing so as Mdm Sulastri’s evidence on this
claim was most unsatisfactory. She initially testified that the estimated
value of $2,000 was furnished by the “shop people”, who wanted to scrap the
motor-cycle. She also claimed that she possessed a document from the shop in
question that stated that the motor-cycle was worth $2,000. When it was
pointed out to Mdm Sulastri that the document issued by the “shopkeeper” on
the estimated value of the deceased’s motor-cycle was not exhibited in her
affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) or in other documents before the
court, she maintained that she had the said document in her possession and
added that it was perhaps in her own files. However, she retracted her
testimony a few minutes later and admitted that she had no such document in
her possession. She then admitted that the estimated value of $2,000 had not
been suggested by the alleged “shopkeeper”, as she had testified that she
claimed $2,000 for the loss of the motor-cycle after discussing the position
with her counsel. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 16, lines 15-16.

As there was insufficient evidence of the value of the deceased’s motor-cycle,
the Estate’s claim of $2,000 for the deceased’s motor-cycle is dismissed.

12 The remaining claim of the Estate that was rejected by the defendants
concerned $35 for towing the motor-cycle from the accident scene. The
defendants pointed out that the invoice furnished by Mdm Sulastri with respect
to this claim which was dated 29 May 2015, more than three months after the
accident, showed that $35 was paid for “repair” and did not indicate that any
towage services were undertaken. As such, the Estate’s claim for this sum is
dismissed.

The dependency claim

13 The legal basis for Mdm Sulastri’s dependency claim is found in sections
20(1) and 20(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, Rev Ed 1999) (“the CLA”), which
provides as follows:

Right of action for wrongful act causing death

20.—(1) If death is caused by any wrongful act, neglect or default which is
such as would (if death has not ensued) have entitled the person injured to
maintain an action and recover damages in respect thereof, the person who
would have been liable if death had not ensued shall be liable to an action
for damages, notwithstanding the death of the person injured.

(2) Subject to section 21(2), every such action shall be for the benefit of
the dependants of the person (referred to in this section and in sections 21
and 22 as the deceased) whose death has been so caused.

14 Section 20(8)(a) of the CLA provides that a dependant of a deceased
includes the wife, husband, parent or child of the deceased. As such, Mdm
Sulastri is a dependant of the deceased and is entitled to claim damages for
loss of dependency.

15 As for how damages for a dependency claim are to be assessed, section
22(1)(A) of the CLA provides as follows:

In assessing the damages under subsection (1), the court shall take into
account any moneys or other benefits which the deceased would be likely to
have given to the dependants by way of maintenance, gift, bequest or devise or
which the dependants would likely to have received by way of succession from
the deceased had the deceased lived beyond the date of the wrongful death.

16 In relation to Mdm Sulastri’s dependency claim, some salient facts should
be noted. At the time of the accident, the deceased was aged 51 years and 11
months. He and Mdm Sulastri, who is now 47 years old, have two children. Their
daughter, Nur Fatin, who is now 25 years old, holds an administrative job
while their son, Mr Mohamed Iskandar bin Mohamed Ismail (“Mohamed Iskandar”),
who is now 24 years old, is currently enrolled at the Institute of Technical
Education (“ITE”) in a course leading to a Diploma in Mechanical Engineering.
He is expected to graduate in 2018.

17 The deceased held two jobs at the time of his death. He was employed as a
tool maker by Trend Singapore West Pte Ltd (“Trend Singapore”) and his last
drawn salary at Trend Singapore was $2,140.

18 Apart from his full-time job at Trend Singapore, the deceased worked as a
part-time delivery man for Niche Courier Services Pte Ltd (“Niche Courier”), a
company that has a contract with McDonalds to deliver food to McDonalds’
customers. He was not an employee of Niche Courier or McDonalds and he earned
$5.20 per hour for working in the midnight shift. His earnings as a delivery
rider varied from time to time depending on the number of hours of work. Niche
Courier’s director, Mdm Chan Hui Kiang, testified that the deceased’s average
monthly earnings from her company amounted to $1,466.83.

19 The deceased’s earnings were not the only source of financial support for
Mdm Sulastri as she admitted that her daughter, Nur Fatin, who has been
working for a number of years, gave her around $600 every month and that for 3
years before the deceased passed away, she was dependent on financial support
from her daughter. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 42, lines 1-4.

Apart from this, although Mdm Sulastri is now a homemaker, she had previously
held part-time jobs to supplement her income.

20 The calculation of the damages to which a dependant is entitled for loss of
dependency is done by what is known as the multiplier-multiplicand approach.
The multiplier refers to the number of years for which a dependant can claim
for his or her loss while the multiplicand relates to the value of the
dependency per year.

The multiplier

21 In the context of the multiplier for a dependency claim, the Court of
Appeal stressed in Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1068 (“Ho Yeow
Kim”) that each case must be taken on its own facts. The court noted (at [32])
that the important factors in selecting the multiplier for a dependency claim
are the age and expected working life of the deceased, because he is the
source of the dependency, and coupled with these factors are the age and
expected life span of the deceased’s dependants. Furthermore, for the
determination of the appropriate multiplier, a discount is applied to the
number of years a victim of an accident may be expected to have continued to
work if not for the accident to take into account the vicissitudes of life and
the fact that there is an upfront payment of damages for loss of dependency.

22 Initially, Mdm Sulastri pleaded that the multiplier should be 7 years and
the defendants accepted that this should the multiplier for her case. However,
during the trial, she amended her claim to increase the multiplier from 7
years to 10 years. She contended that the deceased, who was aged 51 years and
11 months at the time of the accident, was a hardworking man who was in good
health. As such, he was likely to have worked until he was 70 years old and
she asserted that a multiplier of ten years would be appropriate in the
circumstances of this case.

23 In response to Mdm Sulastri’s new position on the multiplier, the
defendants submitted in their closing submissions that the appropriate
multiplier in this case should be not more than 8 to 9 years as the deceased
was almost 52 years old at the time of the fatal accident. More importantly,
there was insufficient evidence that he would have worked past the usual
retirement age.

24 To support her case that the multiplier should be 10 years, Mdm Sulastri
relied on Lassiter Ann Masters (suing as the widow and dependant of Lassiter
Henry Adolphus, deceased v To Keng Lam (alias Toh Jeanette) [2005] 2 SLR(R) 8.
In this case, the deceased, who controlled two companies in the real estate
business, was 48 years old when he was killed while crossing a road. The
Assistant Registrar adopted a multiplier of eight years for a dependency claim
by his widow. Woo Bih Li J, who heard the appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision, accepted that the deceased could have worked until he
was 70 years old in view of his good health, working habits and ambitious
character. This meant that he would have worked for another 22 years had he
not been knocked down and killed in the road accident. As such, the judge
increased the multiplier from 8 years to 10 years. The defendants pointed out
that despite the increase, the multiplier of 10 years was only around 54% of
the 22 years that the deceased would have continued to work had he not been
knocked down and killed in the accident.

25 The defendants, on the other hand, pointed out that Ng Kum Thong v Moktar
bin Yusof [2012] SGHC 254 (“Ng Kum Thong”) supports their contention that the
multiplier should be less than 10 years. In that case, the deceased was
knocked down by a lorry while he was riding a bicycle. He was a cleaning
supervisor and he was 58 years old at the material time. His employer stated
in a letter that there was no retirement age for cleaners due to labour
shortage and the court accepted that the plaintiff could have continued to
work as a cleaning supervisor until he was 75 years old. As such, he could
have worked for another 17 years had he not been killed in the accident. Lee
Seiu Kin J found that a multiplier of 11 years was appropriate. This meant
that the multiplier was around 65% of the remaining 17 years of the deceased’s
working life if he had not been killed in the accident.

26 While the deceased in the present case appears to have been a hardworking
man, the fact remains that unlike Ng Kum Thong, where evidence was adduced
from the claimant’s employer to show that he would have been able to work
until he was 75 years old, no one from Trend Singapore came to court to
testify as to how long more the deceased could be expected to work as a tool
maker in that company. Assuming that the deceased, who was already almost 52
years old when the accident occurred, could have worked until he was around 65
– 67 years of age, he would have 13 – 15 years of working life ahead of him
but for the unfortunate road accident at Clementi. Given that there should be
a discount for the vicissitudes of life and receiving an upfront payment, I
hold that a multiplier of 9 years with respect to the deceased’s employment at
Trend Singapore would be appropriate.

27 Different considerations arise with respect to the deceased’s second job as
a midnight shift delivery rider with Niche Courier to deliver food to
McDonalds’ customers. For this delivery job, a multiplier of 9 years would
certainly be quite inappropriate. The deceased was not an employee of Niche
Courier and he did not have a permanent position in this company. Furthermore,
as was conceded by Niche Courier’s director, Mdm Chan Hui Kiang, during cross-
examination, 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1, p 15, lines 27-29.

there is no guarantee that McDonalds will continue to award Niche Courier the
contract for delivering food to its customers for the next nine years after
the death of the deceased. It also cannot be overlooked that the deceased’s
second job as a delivery rider for Niche Courier involved working on the
midnight shift after having worked a full day at Trend Singapore from 8 am to
5.30 pm on weekdays and that the deceased did not hold two jobs until 2009.

28 In any case, when asked whether or not the deceased would have continued to
work as a delivery rider for Niche Courier indefinitely had he not been killed
in the accident, Mdm Sulastri readily testified that he would not have done
so. The relevant part of her testimony during cross-examination is as follows:

Q: Madam, my question to you is: Would it be … reasonable for us to say that
once … your two children have started working, the expenses clearly would be
less because they can look after themselves? Your husband would not need to
carry on that … second job at middle of the night---at midnight.

A: Yes, I agree.

29 Furthermore, when re-examined by her own counsel, Mr Andrew Hanam, Mdm
Sulastri confirmed that the deceased would have stopped working for Niche
Courier after 2018 and would only work for Trend Singapore from that year. The
relevant part of the proceedings is as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 65, lines 25-29 and p 66, lines 2-8.

Q: Did your husband inform you whether he would be prepared to give up his
second job?

A: Yes.

Q: What did he tell you?

A: If my son completed schooling and has a full-time job, he would stop work.

….

Q: So in other words, your husband would only have one job after 2018?

A: Yes.

Q: Did your husband indicate if he would take on another second job after
2018? Or after giving up the courier job?

A: He wants to work full-time one job, he would no longer be working two jobs.

Q: So he would stay with the tool maker job?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

30 Faced with the evidence, Mdm Sulastri conceded in her closing submissions
that she should not expect the second job at Niche Courier to be taken into
account after 2018. It is trite that a multiplier may be split into periods,
each of which has a different multiplicand because of changed circumstances
during the different periods. In view of the circumstances and Mdm Sulastri’s
testimony that the deceased planned to stop working for Niche Courier in 2018,
I hold that in relation to the deceased’s second job at Niche Courier, a
multiplier of three years and six months years would suffice.

The multiplicand

31 In Ho Yeow Kim, the Court of Appeal pointed out (at [16]) that damages in
relation to a claim for dependency “represent the injury to the dependants
resulting from the death of the deceased”. The court cited with approval the
House of Lords’ decision in Davies v Powell Duffryn Associated Collieries Ltd
[1942] AC 601, where Lord Wright held (at p 611) that in an action for a
dependency claim by a wife or other member of the family, the court awards
“such damages as may be thought proportioned to the injury resulting to such
parties from the death”. The court accepted Lord Wright’s view that “damages
are to be based on the reasonable expectation of pecuniary benefit or benefit
reducible to money value” and that the calculation of the value of the
dependency, otherwise known as the multiplicand, is a matter of hard dollars
and cents subject to the element of reasonable future possibilities.

32 For the purpose of determining the appropriate multiplicand, there are, as
a general rule, two approaches for determining the appropriate multiplicand
for a dependency claim. In Hanson Ingrid Christina and others v Tan Puey Tze
and another appeal [2008] 1 SLR(R) 409 (“Hanson Ingrid Christina”), Judith
Prakash J, as she then was, explained (at [26]):

The final aim of any court in calculating loss of dependency is to make a
direct assessment of the value of the reasonable expectation of pecuniary
benefit: Gul Chandiram Mahtani v Chain Singh [1999] 1 SLR(R) 154. This may be
done in two ways: (a) the court may simply add together the value of the
benefits received by the dependants from the deceased (“traditional method”);
or (b) the court may deduct a percentage from the deceased’s net salary
consisting of his or her exclusively personal expenditure (“percentage
deduction method”).

33 Where the traditional method of assessment is employed, the claimant must
prove the value of the benefits received by him or her from the deceased. In
contrast, there is no need for this to be done under the percentage deduction
method. In Harris v Empress Motors Ltd [1984] 1 WLR 212 (“Harris”), where the
English Court of Appeal considered a dependency claim by a wife and her two
children on the basis of deduction of a percentage from the deceased’s net
income, O’Connor LJ explained what the percentage deduction method of
assessing a dependency claim entails as follows (at 217):

In times past the calculation called for a tedious inquiry into how much
housekeeping money was paid to the wife, who paid how much for the children's
shoes, etc. This has all been swept away and the modern practice is to deduct
a percentage from the net income figure to represent what the deceased would
have spent exclusively on himself. The percentages have become conventional in
the sense that they are used unless there is striking evidence to make the
conventional figure inappropriate because there is no departure from the
principle that each case must be decided upon its own facts. Where the family
unit was husband and wife the conventional figure is 33 per cent and the
rationale of this is that broadly speaking the net income was spent as to one-
third for the benefit of each and one-third for their joint benefit. Clothing
is an example of several benefit, rent an example of joint benefit. No
deduction is made in respect of the joint portion because one cannot buy or
drive half a motor car. Part of the net income may be spent for the benefit of
neither husband nor wife. If the facts be, for example, that out of the net
income of £8,000 p.a. the deceased was paying £2,000 to a charity the
percentage would be applied to £6,000 and not £8,000. Where there are children
the deduction falls to 25 per cent; as was the agreed figure in the Harris
case.

[emphasis added]

34 The percentage deduction method of assessing a dependency claim may be
inappropriate in some circumstances. In Hanson Ingrid Christina, Judith
Prakash J explained (at [26]) that while the percentage deduction method “is a
good guide when a stable pattern has been established in a marriage and
virtually all net earnings are spent on living expenses, it would not be
appropriate where, for example, the dependant is a young childless widow, or
the husband is a high earner who may well spend a higher proportion on
himself”.

35 Mdm Sulastri wanted her dependency claim to be assessed on the basis of the
percentage deduction method and not the traditional method. In paragraph 20 of
her reply submissions, her position was put as follows:

[T]he plaintiff submits that the only relevant method for the Court to apply
in assessing the Plaintiff’s dependency claim is the percentage method since,
in the present case, the Plaintiff is unable to adduce any evidence of the
actual or reasonable estimates of how much the Deceased was providing for her.

[emphasis added].

36 If the percentage deduction method is applied to Mdm Sulastri’s dependency
claim, a deduction of one-third of the deceased’s monthly take-home salary
(“monthly income”) would be made for her husband’s expenses for the purpose of
determining the multiplicand. However, she was not content with the
conventional deduction and claimed that only 10 per cent of the deceased’s
income should be deducted for his own expenses and that she should be awarded
90 per cent of the deceased’s monthly income because that was the amount that
she received from him every month.

37 Strangely, Mdm Sulastri contended that as she was relying on the percentage
deduction method and not the traditional method of assessing a dependency
claim, she need not furnish documents to the court to prove that she received
90% of the deceased’s monthly income. When cross-examined, she admitted that
she had the relevant documents in her possession to assist the court but she
steadfastly refused to furnish these documents to the court to prove her
monthly expenditure. Her counsel, Mr Hanam, explained why in his view, she did
not and need not furnish documentary evidence of her monthly expenses to the
court to support her contention that she was entitled to 90% of the deceased’s
monthly income in the following terms: 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 23, lines 16-30.

[T]he plaintiff’s case is straightforward. There are two ways that we can
prove dependency. One would be to show the expense and the amounts that the
plaintiff had incurred and to claim for that amount, as being a loss that is
occasioned to the plaintiff.

The other way is … to look at the deceased’s income and then to persuade the
court whether it should be around two-thirds of the income that should be
awarded to the plaintiff as dependency, or something perhaps more than two-
thirds, if we can show the Court that the deceased was a frugal man and he was
a generous husband. We are going by the second approach, as our affidavit
shows, which is why we are not bothered to exhibit documents on her expenses
because that’s irrelevant as far as the second approach goes.

38 Mdm Sulastri’s position is flawed because the ramifications of the
percentage deduction method were misunderstood. This method, as explained by
O’Connor LJ in Harris (see [33] above), is intended in appropriate cases to
avoid a tedious inquiry into how much housekeeping money was paid to the wife.
Notably, O’Connor LJ explained that the percentage to be deducted from the
deceased’s earnings has become conventional in the sense that they are used
unless there is striking evidence to make the conventional figure
inappropriate because each case must be decided on its own facts.

39 It follows that a person in Mdm Sulastri’s shoes, who is claiming that less
than the conventional percentage of one-third should be deducted from the
deceased’s monthly income for the deceased’s own expenditure and that he or
she is entitled to more than two-thirds of the deceased’s monthly income, must
furnish evidence to support the claim. As such, it would be to her advantage
if she justified her claim by furnishing the best available evidence, which
would include the documents that might help to show just how much she had
received from the deceased every month.

Evaluation of Mdm Sulastri’s evidence

40 As Mdm Sulastri declined to produce relevant documents to the court to
prove her claim, there was no evidence that the deceased gave her 90% of his
monthly income other than her bare testimony. Her counsel, Mr Hanam, submitted
that her evidence should be given “significant weight” because she has proven
herself to be a credible witness. However, her evidence on what she received
from the deceased every month was not credible. Far too often, her evidence
was rather contrived and contradictory and she undermined her case by changing
her evidence to suit her purposes before she finally admitted that she
received far less than what she originally claimed to be the monthly amount
given to her by the deceased.

41 Mdm Sulastri appeared to be a rather simple lady who wanted to say anything
to advance her claim for dependency, regardless of the effect on the
credibility of her case. She clutched at straws in her attempt to buttress her
claim that she received 90% of the deceased’s salary every month by saying
that the deceased’s Post Office Savings Bank (“POSB”) account book showed that
he handed 90% of his monthly income to her. It was quite obvious that while
the deceased’s POSB account book showed that he withdrew his monthly income in
cash and kept very little money in the account, it did not show that he handed
over the money withdrawn by him to Mdm Sulastri or to anybody else. Indeed,
other than her uncorroborated evidence that 90% of the deceased’s salary was
handed over to her in cash, there was no evidence of what the deceased did
with the money that he withdrew from his POSB account.

42 Mdm Sulastri’s initial position was that the deceased handed over 90% of
his monthly income to her in cash every month and that she kept all the cash,
which exceeded $3,000, in her wallet. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 60, lines 2-4.

In her AEIC, she stated at paragraph 189 as follows:

My husband was a frugal man who would hand over his monthly salary to me and I
would give him a small allowance to cover the cost of petrol for his motor-
cycle and basis living expenses. The bulk of my husband’s earnings, about 90%,
would be spent on me and on Mohamed Iskandar.

[emphasis added]

43 While Mdm Sulastri claimed that the deceased gave her 90% of his monthly
income, she did not specify the amount received by her and she admitted that
she did not receive the same amount from the deceased every month. The
relevant part of her testimony during cross-examination is as follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 35, lines 25 – 32.

Q: So am I correct to say that you actually did not know how much [the
deceased] gave you every month?

A: Well, the payment is not fixed, sometimes more, sometimes less.

Q: Could I suggest that you just told the interpreter “not consistent”?

Interpreter: And she used the word “consistent”, yes.

[emphasis added]

44 If the deceased had really given Mdm Sulastri 90% of his monthly income, he
would only have had 10% of his monthly income, or a little more than $300, to
spend on himself. However, when cross-examined, Mdm Sulastri testified that
the deceased’s personal expenses amounted to around $30 per day, which meant
that he spent around $900 per month. This sum exceeded 25% of his monthly
income. Her testimony was as follows: 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Notes of Evidence. Day 2, p 27, lines 2-11, p 28 lines 20-23.

Q: So would you agree with me that your husband’s cost of daily needs of daily
expenses for himself would be probably a number close to about $50 a day, just
for himself, adding up all the costs that he needs to maintain?

….

A: Less than $50.

Q: Can you give us an estimate?

A: About $30….

….

Q: Okay. Can I suggest to you, when you said $30 … you meant to say that in
your family finance, you budget … for your husband every day about $30 for his
living expenses.

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

45 When Mdm Sulastri was reminded by the defendants’ counsel, Mr Patrick Yeo
Kim Hai (“Mr Patrick Yeo”), that her evidence was that the deceased had spent
$900 on himself every month, she must have realised the implications of her
evidence on her claim as she suddenly changed tack and informed the Court that
“maybe” she had given wrong evidence by mistake. She then testified most
unconvincingly that the deceased’s personal expenses amounted to only $200 per
month. This meant that the deceased had merely around $6.66 per day to pay for
his lunch, drinks, other personal expenses and the petrol required for his
motor-cycle to travel from his home to Trend Singapore’s office and back, and
for the many trips in the night to deliver food to McDonald’s customers. The
relevant part of her testimony that the deceased spent $30 per day and her
rather sudden change of position is as follows: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 28, lines 20-32 and p 29, lines 1-3.

Q: Can I suggest to you, when you said to me or to the Court, you meant to say
that in your family finance, you budget--- … for your husband every day about
$30 for his living expenses?

A: Yes, about that.

Q: Yes, and if we were to then project this over one month, we are talking
about … something like as much as $900 a month, right?

….

A:  Sorry, Sir, my husband received from me $200 a month for his own expenses.

Q: Mdm Sulastri, you went from $30 a day, when I ask you to project one month,
suddenly it becomes 200. Why do you need to say something which is
inconsistent with the earlier statement?

A:  Maybe that was my mistake.

Q: So Mdm Sulastri, which mistake? Which statement is a mistake? $30 per day
is a mistake or $200 a month is a mistake?

A: The $30 a day is a mistake.

[emphasis added]

46 When Mr Patrick Yeo suggested that a figure of between $30 and $50 was
really what the deceased had required for his daily expenses, including the
cost of petrol, Mdm Sulastri stood her ground and testified as follows: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 31 lines 1-10.

Q: Mdm Sulastri, I suggest to you that it’s reasonable to---for me to say that
your husband’s daily needs when he’s … working outside earning two income from
two jobs to support the family, right. He will … probably spend or needs to
spend about 30 to 50 dollars per day. Will you agree with me that that’s a
reasonable sum? That includes all his expenses - eating, his petrol, his road
tax, his ERP, maintenance of his motor-cycle, and, of course, as you said, his
pocket money. Right? 30 to 50 dollars a day. It’s not too much. Agree with me?

A: Well, whatever it is, I think it is sufficient for my husband what I gave
him, $200 a month.

[emphasis added]

47 Mdm Sulastri’s testimony that she gave her husband only $200 per month for
his personal expenses and that she kept 90% of his monthly income to spend on
herself and her son was completely undermined by her subsequent testimony that
the deceased paid the electricity and water bills, telephone charges,
conservancy charges and property tax. The relevant part of the proceedings is
as follows:

Q: [C]an I suggest to you that …. before this --– the accident happened in
February last year, … the running of the household … such as paying bills, …
managing family finances; … these were matters which you left to your husband
because … your educational level is very low, you left him to organise it.

A: Yes.

Q … [S]o would you also agree with me that every month, … you have some fixed
expenses, you have to pay the mortgage, you have to pay the utility bills, you
have to pay electricity, water, telephone, cable TV, the service and
conservancy charge for your HDB flat …. These were monies which your husband
took care of?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

48 When Mdm Sulastri was re-examined by her counsel, she initially stuck to
her position that the deceased gave her all his monthly income, out of which
she gave him only $200 per month. She testified as follows: 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 60, lines 5-11, 18-19.

Q: … And you said the amount [your husband] gives you varies depending on
whether he does overtime?

A: Yes.

Q: But this would be roughly around 3,400 a month?

A: Yes.

Q: And then how much would you give him back from this 3,400?

A: 200.

…

Q: And does your husband come back to you to---for more money?

A: No.

[emphasis added]

49 Within minutes after Mdm Sulastri testified that she gave the deceased only
$200 out of the $3,400 that he allegedly handed over to her and that he did
not come back to her for more money, she torpedoed her case that she was
entitled to 90% of the deceased’s monthly income when she testified as
follows: 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 60, lines 20-22.

Q: And so this $3,400 that he gives you, after giving him back the 200, how
much would you have left?

A: 1,000 plus.

50 Obviously, there was a major problem with Mdm Sulastri’s evidence because
if she had handed over only $200 to the deceased, she should have $3,200 in
her hands and not “1,000 plus”. Nonetheless, when Mr Hanam asked the same
question again she reiterated her new position as follows: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 61, lines 1-3.

Q: Can you tell us how much would be left for you to spend after giving the
$200 to your husband?

A: About 1,100.

51 Although Mr Hanam thought that Mdm Sulastri might have been confused by his
question, she reiterated once again that she had only $1,100 to spend each
month. More importantly, she testified that she took only “$1,000-over
dollars” for herself and returned the “balance of the deceased’s monthly
income to him”. Her new testimony was as follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 62, lines 23-27.

Q: Madam, at the end of every month, you say you have $1,100 left?

A: That 1,100 is not the balance, it’s what I have to spend that month.

Q: So before coming to the 1,100, what have you spent on?

A: I took 1,000-over dollars for myself, for my family’s expenditure, the
balance I gave it back to my husband for him to pay for all the necessities,
the expenditure which we---which I have already listed down.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion on multiplicand

52 In view of Mdm Sulastri’s evidence that she only had around $1,000 to
spend, and that she gave the balance back to the deceased, as well as her
contradictory evidence as to what the deceased spent on himself each month,
there was no doubt whatsoever that she had failed to prove that the deceased
gave her 90% of his monthly income.

53 For the purpose of determining the appropriate multiplicand, a number of
points may be noted. To begin with, it was evident that Mdm Sulastri, who
testified that the amount given to her each month by the deceased was not
“consistent”, was not wholly dependent on the deceased for financial support
as she admitted that her daughter, Nur Fatin, had been supporting her
financially three years before the deceased was killed. The relevant part of
the proceedings is as follows: 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 43, lines 10-12 and 28-32.

Q: Can I suggest to you, Madam, that you were depending on your daughter for
support from this bank account that you showed us?

A: Yes.

….

Q: With your three years record, can I suggest to you that your daughter has
been supporting you for a period of 3 or more years before the accident at
least?

A: Yes.

[emphasis added]

54 Secondly, Mdm Sulastri has worked previously as a part-time helper at Prima
Deli. In fact, she received a workfare bonus from the Government in November
2012.

55 Thirdly, although Mdm Sulastri was not willing to furnish documents in her
possession which helped to show how much financial support she received each
month from the deceased, the fact remains that she finally admitted on
numerous occasions that the deceased gave her only $1,000 or “1,000-over
dollars” each month to spend on herself. This means that she received around a
third of the deceased’s monthly income.

56 As Mdm Sulastri had given reasonable estimates of the financial support
provided by the deceased, the traditional method of assessment of damages for
dependency should be employed to determine the damages to which she is
entitled for loss of dependency. In computing the amount due to her as damages
for her dependency claim, it must be borne in mind that the deceased paid for
joint expenses, including the monthly utility bills and telephone bills,
conservancy charges and property tax. These expenses were not hefty. She
testified that her monthly utilities bill for electricity, water and gas was
slightly more than $100, her monthly telephone bill amounted to about $40 per
month and the monthly service and conservancy charges for her flat totalled
around $69. The monthly housing loan repayment for her HDB flat was made by
withdrawals from the deceased’s CPF funds. Internet services were paid for by
her daughter, Nur Fatin. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 2, p 25, lines18-21.

57 Mdm Sulastri’s counsel contended that if the court does not accept her
evidence that the deceased gave her 90% of his monthly income while he was
alive, she should, at the very least, be given 75% of the deceased’s monthly
income. Reliance was placed on Zhang Xiao Ling (personal representative of the
Estate of Chan Tak Man, deceased) v Er Swee Poo and Another [2004] SGHC 21
(“Zhang Xiao Ling”). However, that case is distinguishable from Mdm Sulastri’s
case as that case concerned a claim by a widow who had four young children.
The eldest child was aged a little over 13 years and the youngest child was
only 4 ½ years old. Notably, in Zhang Xiao Ling, the widow only received 40%
of the amount awarded to her and her children as damages for dependency, while
each of her children was given 15% of the said sum. In contrast, Mdm
Sulastri’s two children were already adults at the time of the accident and,
as mentioned, one of them was in fact already providing financial support to
her from as early as three years before the deceased was killed in the
accident.

58 The defendants submitted that if the traditional method is used to assess
the damages for loss of dependency to which Mdm Sulastri is entitled, a
provision of 50%-60% of the deceased’s monthly income is not unreasonable. I
agree and erring on the side of generosity, I award Mdm Sulastri 60% of the
deceased’s monthly income as damages for loss of dependency. For the purpose
of determining the multiplicand, the deceased’s gross monthly salary from
Trend is $2,140 while his gross monthly income from Niche Courier is
$1,466.82.

59 It is clear from the decision of the Court of Appeal in Teo Sing Keng and
another v Sim Ban Kiat [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 that a deduction of income tax
should, in accordance with the rule in British Transport Commission v Gourley
[1956] AC 185, be made as such damages represent the compensation for non-
receipt of a taxable income.

CPF contributions

60 CPF contributions may be taken into account for a dependency claim if the
dependant has a reasonable expectation of enjoying the benefit of the CPF
money. In Singapore Bus Services (1978) Ltd v Lim Soon Yong [1983–1984] SLR(R)
159 (“Singapore Bus Services”), where the Court of Appeal rejected the
argument that CPF contributions cannot form part of a dependency claim, F A
Chua J, who delivered the judgment of the court, stated as follows (at [15]):

CPF contributions are not chargeable with estate duty. The money does not go
to the estate of the contributor…. Had the deceased lived to the age of 55 he
would have withdrawn the sum standing to his credit in the CPF and the widow
and children would necessarily have benefited from the deceased having this
money if not for this accident. In our view, therefore, the CPF contributions
do form part of the widow’s dependency claim.

61 The rules on withdrawal of CPF monies at the age of 55 have changed since
the earlier cases such as Singapore Bus Services. Under the present CPF rules
on withdrawal of funds, the deceased is not entitled to withdraw all his CPF
funds upon reaching the age of 55. Instead, he would have been required to
keep a minimum sum (the “retirement sum”) in a retirement account. Different
retirement sums are applicable to different cohorts reaching the age of 55. In
the case of the deceased, he would have had to keep $85,500 in his retirement
account and only the amount exceeding this figure could have been withdrawn by
him had he reached the age of 55. He would then have been placed on the “CPF
Lifelong Income for the Elderly” scheme (“CPF LIFE”), which is an annuity
scheme providing a lifelong monthly payout to a CPF member starting from the
age of 65.

62 The defendants accepted that the deceased would have had enough money in
his CPF account to allow him to withdraw some money if he had reached the age
of 55. They accepted, and rightly so, that Mdm Sulastri had a reasonable
expectation of receiving a portion of the sum that could have been withdrawn.

63 A question arises as to whether Mdm Sulastri can also expect to benefit
from the monthly payouts from CPF LIFE had the deceased reached the age of 65.
The defendants argued that with the changes in the CPF rules on withdrawal of
CPF funds at the age of 55, Mdm Sulastri has no reasonable expectation of
benefiting from the deceased’s CPF contributions during the multiplier period.

64 Notably, only a few months ago and long after the changes in the CPF rules
on withdrawal of CPF funds at the age of 55, in Zhu Xiu Chun (alias Myint
Myint Kyi) v Rockwill Trustee Ltd (administrators of the estate of and on
behalf of the dependants of Heng Ang Tee, Franklin, deceased) and other
appeals [2016] 5 SLR 412 (“Zhu Xiu Chun”), the Court of Appeal endorsed the
view of the authors of Assessment of Damages, Personal Injuries and Fatal
Accidents (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2015) (at para 9-46) that the loss attributable
to the cessation of contributions to the CPF forms part of a dependency claim.
In fact, the Court of Appeal went so far as to refer [at [115]) to the view of
the Singapore Academy of Law Reform Committee’s report on Loss of Inheritance
and Savings in April 2008 that contributions to the CPF may be included in the
figure of annual dependency to be multiplied by the multiplier or excluded
from the figure of annual dependency and a separate and additional sum awarded
in respect of them. Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, stressed [at [149] that the focus is still entirely on the
“reasonable expectation” of the dependant in question.

65 When considering whether Mdm Sulastri has a reasonable expectation of
benefiting from the increase in the deceased’s CPF funds during the multiplier
period, the fact that Singaporeans are living much longer nowadays must be
borne in mind. In their Retirement Booklet,
(www.cpf.gov.sg/Assets/members/Documemts/CPF_Retirement Booklet), the CPF
Board stated as follows (at p 8):

About half of Singaporeans who are 65 years old today are expected to live
beyond the age of 85 and a third of them will live beyond 90 years old.

66 The deceased was only aged 51 years and 11 months when he passed away and
Mdm Sulastri was then around 44 years old. With the above-mentioned life
expectancy figures for Singaporeans, there is force in Mdm Sulastri’s argument
that she has a reasonable expectation of enjoying the benefit of the increases
in the deceased’s CPF account during the multiplier period.

67 Mdm Sulastri contended that her share of the amount that the deceased could
have withdrawn from his account at the age of 55 and of the CPF contributions
during the multiplier period should be assessed on the basis that their two
adult children have no share in the said funds. It is worth nothing that in
Zhu Xiu Chun, Chao Hick Tin JA stated (at [148]) that with respect to claiming
for loss of CPF contributions, the fact that a dependant would cease to be a
dependant at the time the monies can be withdrawn is not fatal to the said
dependant’s claim. He added that the fact that the child would no longer have
been dependent on the deceased by the time the CPF monies can be withdrawn is
only one factor which the court will take into account in determining whether
that child is entitled to a share of the CPF funds in question.

68 In Gul Chandiram Mahtani and another (administrators of the estate of
Harbajan Kaur, deceased) v Chain Singh and another [1998] 2 SLR(R) 801 (“Gul
Chandiram Mahtani”), Rajendran J did not award the deceased’s daughter, who
was almost 8 years old at the time her mother was killed in an accident, a
share of her lost CPF contributions. He explained his decision (at [32] and
[33]) as follows:

32 …. The question that has to be asked is whether it can be said that the
daughter, at the time the deceased would have withdrawn the CPF moneys, would
have a reasonable expectation of benefitting from these funds.

33\. …. In this case, it is highly unlikely that the daughter would be
financially dependent on the contributor at the time the moneys are withdrawn.
It is therefore difficult to say that the daughter had a reasonable
expectation of benefitting from the CPF funds. Considering the income bracket
that the deceased was in and considering that she had hardly any savings to
show for the years she had worked, it also seems unlikely that any part of the
CPF moneys would remain to constitute part of her estate or indeed that the
deceased would have had very much other assets in her estate. In the
circumstances of the present appeal, I find that the likelihood of the
daughter getting a pecuniary benefit from the moneys in the deceased’s CPF
account either when the moneys were withdrawn or by inheritance to be a matter
that is too speculative and too remote for any award of damages to be made.

69 In Zhu Xiu Chun, the Court of Appeal noted that in Gul Chandiram Mahtani,
Rajendran J had focussed on the reasonable expectation of the daughter. The
court further noted (at [149]) that the deceased in that case had hardly any
savings and that it was unlikely that her CPF monies would constitute part of
her estate.

70 In the present case, the argument against awarding any part of the
deceased’s lost CPF contributions to his two children is even stronger. Unlike
the daughter in Gul Chandiram Mahtani, who was denied a share of her deceased
mother’s lost CPF contributions even though she was 8 years old when her
mother passed away, the two children of the deceased in the present case, Nur
Fatin and Mohamed Iskandar, were already adults when he passed away.
Furthermore, as was the case in Gul Chandiram Mahtani, there is no evidence
that the deceased in the present case had much savings when he died. In fact,
he withdrew his monthly salaries from his bank account as soon as he received
them. In these circumstances, the deceased’s children have no reasonable
expectation that they would benefit from the deceased’s CPF funds. As such,
for the purpose of the dependency claim, the amount that the deceased could
have withdrawn from his CPF account if he had lived to the age of 55 and the
CPF contributions during the multiplier period is to be divided between the
deceased and Mdm Sulastri. In line with my decision to award Mdm Sulastri 60%
of the deceased’s monthly income, I award her 60% of the monthly addition to
his CPF account.

71 In line with my findings on the multiplier, the monthly additions to the
deceased’s CPF account are to be computed on the basis that had he not been
involved in the accident, he would have worked for another nine years at Trend
Singapore. As regards CPF contributions in relation to the deceased’s part-
time job as a deliveryman for McDonald’s food products, it must be borne in
mind that the deceased was not an employee of Niche Courier. As such, this
company was not obliged to pay monies in the form of employer’s contributions
to his CPF account. Despite this, Niche Courier encouraged him, and other
employees who had been associated with it for a long time, to make a monthly
contribution to their CPF accounts from the amounts paid to them for delivery
services. If they did so, Niche Courier, to its credit, was prepared to
contribute an amount equal to the employer’s contribution had such persons
been employed by it.

72 The deceased opted to contribute part of his earnings from Niche Courier to
his CPF account. His CPF Statement of Accounts showed that in 2014, shortly
before he passed away in February 2015, both he and Niche Courier made
contributions to his CPF account every month. There is no reason to assume
that had he continued to work as a part-time delivery man, this arrangement
would not have continued. The relevant question here is not whether Niche
Courier is or is not required to make a monthly contribution to the deceased’s
CPF account. Instead, the focus should be on determining his reasonably
expected remuneration for his work in delivering food and this includes all
financial incentives given to him by Niche Courier, whose director, Ms Chan,
characterised her company’s monthly contribution to the deceased’s CPF account
as an “incentive” given to him. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Notes of Evidence, Day 1, 29 March 2016, p 6, line 21.

She added that had the deceased been alive, her company would have encouraged
him to continue to contribute to his CPF account. This would have benefited
the deceased as the amount in his CPF account would have grown faster with
Niche Courier’s contributions. The total remuneration that the deceased
received from Niche Courier should thus include the monies paid by that
company into his CPF account. I thus find that the monthly voluntary
contribution by Niche Courier to the deceased’s CPF account should be taken
into account for the purpose of determining the damages to which Mdm Sulastri
is entitled for loss of dependency.

73 It should be noted that had the deceased been alive, he would have had to
service the housing loan for his HDB flat with monthly repayments of $819 from
his CPF account. As such, his monthly housing loan repayment of $819 for his
HDB flat has to be taken into account in computing the monthly additions to
the deceased’s CPF account.

Interest and costs

74 Mdm Sulastri claimed interest on all special damages at the rate of 3% per
annum from the date of the accident to the date of the trial. I order that
such interest is to run from the date of the deceased’s death to the date of
the trial.

75 I will hear the parties on costs.

Tan Lee Meng  
Senior Judge

Andrew Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Patrick Yeo Kim Hai, Lim Hui Ying and Neo Eng Hong (KhattarWong LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

