Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the HIGH COURT of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 12

Originating Summons No 448 of 2017 (Summons No 2236 of 2017)

Between

Mataban Development Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff/Respondent

And

Black Knight Warrior Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant/Applicant

JUDGMENT

[Building and Construction Law]–[Dispute Resolution]–[Alternative Dispute
Resolution Procedures]–[Setting Aside of Adjudication Determination]

  
  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mataban Development Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Black Knight Warrior Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHCR 12

High Court — Originating Summons No 448 of 2017 (Summons No 2236 of 2017)  
Colin Seow AR  
11 July 2017

23 August 2017 Judgment Reserved.

Colin Seow AR:

Introduction

1 Summons No 2236 of 2017 (“the Application”) is an application taken out by
Black Knight Warrior Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”) seeking the following orders:

(a) that the Order of Court dated 26 April 2017 vide HC/ORC 2675/2017 be set
aside;

(b) that the Adjudication Determination dated 21 March 2017 (“the Adjudication
Determination”) vide Adjudication Application No SOP/AA 051 of 2017 (“the
Adjudication Application”) be set aside; and

(c) Costs of the Application to be paid by Mataban Development Pte Ltd (“the
Plaintiff”) to the Defendant.

2 The Application was taken out pursuant to section 27(5) of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
SOPA”). The procedure for the taking out of such an application is provided
for under Order 95 rule 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“the ROC”).

3 The Application came up for hearing before me on 11 July 2017, at the end of
which I reserved judgment. At the invitation of this court, further written
submissions were tendered by the parties’ respective counsel on 2 August 2017.
I now render my decision on the Application with my grounds attached.

Procedural history

4 Before I delve into the merits of the Application, it is apposite to outline
very briefly how the Application came to be heard by me.

5 On 24 April 2017, the Plaintiff took out an ex parte application in
Originating Summons No 448 of 2017 (“the OS”) pursuant to section 27 of the
SOPA seeking leave to enforce the Adjudication Determination against the
Defendant. The Adjudication Determination was earlier issued in the
Plaintiff’s favour on 21 March 2017 pursuant to the Plaintiff’s Adjudication
Application against the Defendant in respect of a construction dispute that
had arisen between the parties. Leave to enforce the Adjudication
Determination was granted by an Assistant Registrar on 26 April 2017.

6 On 27 April 2017, the Assistant Registrar’s order was extracted by the
Plaintiff vide HC/ORC 2675/2017 (see [1(a)] above).

7 On 16 May 2017, the Defendant filed the Application in court. The hearing
for the Application was initially scheduled to take place on 2 June 2017. The
hearing was later re-scheduled twice before it was fixed on 13 June 2017
before a High Court Judge. The 13 June 2017 hearing was subsequently vacated,
and the parties appeared before a Senior Assistant Registrar for a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”) on 14 June 2017. At the PTC, directions were given for the
Application to be heard by a High Court Judge on 11 July 2017.

8 On 27 June 2017, the Plaintiff’s counsel wrote in to the Registry requesting
that the hearing of the Application be re-fixed before any Assistant Registrar
for reasons which I shall reproduce herewith for reference:

[…] The provisions of the [SOPA] and the [ROC] do not appear to require that
applications made under section 27 of SOPA be heard before a Judge.

[…] In this regard, there are several reported cases in which applications
under section 27 of SOPA were heard before an [Assistant Registrar] at first
instance. For instance, Newcon Builders Pte Ltd v Sino New Steel Pte Ltd
[2015] SGHCR 13 […] and Associate Dynamic Builder Pte Ltd v Tactic Foundation
Pte Ltd [2013] SGHCR 16 […]

[…] As the sum in dispute in this case is less than S$250,000.00, we do not
wish to trouble the [High Court Judge] to hear this matter.

[…]

[…] The Defendant has indicated that it has no objections to our client’s
proposal to write to the Registry to request for [the Application] to be heard
before an [Assistant Registrar].

9 The Registry accordingly re-fixed the Application to be heard by any
Assistant Registrar on 11 July 2017. The Application was eventually assigned
to my list for hearing.

10 In relation to the parties’ request for the hearing to be re-fixed before
any Assistant Registrar, I thought it appropriate to highlight certain
comments made by the High Court in Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S)
Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 609 at [65] (“Admin Construction Pte Ltd”), as follows
(per Quentin Loh J):

65 […] I offer some questions for the consideration of the relevant
authorities and stakeholders. Perhaps some thought should be given to whether
challenges to adjudication determinations should in the first instance be
heard before assistant registrars as that would add one more layer of appeal.
This would cause undue delay, especially if there has been a stay of payment
out to the claimant. […] [emphasis added]

11 It is appreciated that the High Court’s comments in Admin Construction Pte
Ltd are strictly speaking obiter. Nevertheless, I consider these comments to
be of useful guidance to parties embroiled in a challenge against an
adjudication determination under the SOPA regime. More so, it is my respectful
view that it is sensible for legal practitioners in the field of construction
disputes to be mindful of these comments of the High Court when advising their
clients as to the manner in which a setting aside application such as the
present one should take its course at first instance.

12 At the hearing before me, counsel for the Plaintiff quite candidly admitted
that he was not aware of the High Court’s comments in Admin Construction Pte
Ltd when the request to re-fix the hearing before any Assistant Registrar was
made earlier. To his credit, however, counsel for the Plaintiff explained (as
he did before (see [8] above)) that the request was made having regard to the
following considerations:

(a) the principal sum involved in the Adjudication Determination was around
$92,000; and

(b) he thought it best not to trouble a High Court Judge to hear the
Application at first instance given the relatively low amount at stake.

13 In the end, I considered it proper to proceed with the hearing on 11 July
2017 rather than deferring the hearing to a High Court Judge, in order to
avoid any further postponement of the hearing quite literally at the eleventh
hour. This was also on account of the fact that counsel for both sides who
attended the hearing on 11 July 2017 had indicated their readiness to proceed
with their arguments on the same day.

14 Be that as it may, I should think that moving forward, litigants and
litigators alike should stay guided by the High Court’s comments in Admin
Construction Pte Ltd (see [10] above), if anything at all as a reminder for
consideration in the event that a similar request for the re-fixing of a
hearing is contemplated in a future case. With that, I turn now to deal with
the Application proper.

Parties’ respective cases in the Application

15 The dispute in the Application may be summarised as follows. The Defendant
is seeking the setting aside of HC/ORC 2675/2017 and the Adjudication
Determination on grounds of breach of the rules of natural justice and/or
“jurisdictional error” committed by the adjudicator in question. In the
Adjudication Determination, the adjudicator had determined that the Defendant
shall pay the Plaintiff a sum of $91,955.46 (exclusive of costs) representing
unpaid work done by the Plaintiff at the Defendant’s “hotpot” restaurant
premises in Marina Bay Sands.

16 A major point of contention pursued by the Defendant in the Application
revolves around the validity of the Defendant’s purported payment response
(“the Payment Response”) in the SOPA adjudication proceedings. The material
content of the Payment Response, which was served via email by the Defendant
on the Plaintiff four days after the latter had served its payment claim (“the
Payment Claim”), is reproduced herewith in its original wording for reference:

Hi Kai,

Apologies for the late reply as we are preparing for the opening of
restaurant.

With regards to your claim, please take note that we have expressed our
dissatisfaction on your job. I believe when Ms Kao when through the project
with you on 27 December 2016, you have also agreed the job was not completed,
most of the items did not even completed up to 50%.

Also we have to highlight that due to the all the delays from Mataban on the
renovation, Black Knight Warrior has incurred more than $200,000 for
uncompleted renovation as well as paying rental for fit out period. We reserve
the right to claim all the losses against Mataban Development Pte Ltd.

17 Against this backdrop, the Defendant’s case in the Application may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The adjudicator had erred in disregarding the Defendant’s adjudication
response (“the Adjudication Response”) in the SOPA adjudication proceedings on
the ground that the Payment Response was non-compliant with and therefore
invalid under section 11(3) of the SOPA and regulation 6(1) of the Building
and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the SOPR”).

(b) The adjudicator’s misdirection as to the validity of the Payment Response
resulted in a denial of the Defendant’s right to be heard in the SOPA
adjudication proceedings. This constituted a material breach of the rules of
natural justice and should render the Adjudication Determination void.

(c) Alternatively, in the light of the adjudicator’s misdirection as to the
validity of the Payment Response, the Adjudication Determination was based on
a “jurisdictional error” and should therefore be set aside on that basis.

18 The Plaintiff’s case in resisting the Application may be summarised as
follows:

(a) It is not the court’s role, when hearing an application to set aside an
adjudication determination, to review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision
to determine whether the adjudicator had made an error in his decision.

(b) In any case, the adjudicator had correctly found that the Payment Response
was not valid. In particular, the Payment Response failed to comply with
section 11(3) of the SOPA and regulation 6(1) of the SOPR in that it did not
(i) expressly identify the payment claim to which it related, (ii) state the
response amount, and/or (iii) address or respond to any of the items claimed
in the payment claim with reasons.

(c) Even if the adjudicator had incorrectly found that the Payment Response
was not valid, the adjudicator had not breached the rules of natural justice
because he had in fact considered the parties’ submissions on the validity of
the Payment Response before deciding not to consider the Defendant’s reasons
for withholding payment in accordance with section 15(3) of the SOPA. This was
in contrast with a situation where an adjudicator finds that there was a valid
payment response, and yet fails to take into account the reasons for
withholding payment in arriving at his adjudication determination.

(d) In any event, even if the adjudicator had incorrectly found that the
Payment Response was not valid, there was no “jurisdictional error” committed
by the adjudicator that would justify a setting aside of the Adjudication
Determination.

19 For ease of reference, the relevant provisions of the SOPA and the SOPR
referred to above are set out below:

Section 11(3) of the SOPA:

(3) A payment response provided in relation to a construction contract —

(a) shall identify the payment claim to which it relates;

(b) shall state the response amount (if any);

(c) shall state, where the response amount is less than the claimed amount,
the reason for the difference and the reason for any amount withheld; and

(d) shall be made in such form and manner, and contain such other information
or be accompanied by such documents, as may be prescribed.

Section 15(3) of the SOPA:

(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant; or

(b) where the adjudication relates to a supply contract, the reason was
provided by the respondent to the claimant on or before the relevant due date.

Regulation 6(1) of the SOPR:

6.—(1) Every payment response provided in relation to a construction contract
shall —

(a) be in writing;

(b) be addressed to the claimant;

(c) state “nil” where the respondent does not propose to pay any part of the
claimed amount and the reasons therefor; and

(d) where the response amount is less than the claimed amount —

(i) contain the amount that the respondent proposes to pay for each item
constituting the claimed amount, the reasons for the difference in any of the
items and the calculations which show how the amount that the respondent
proposes to pay is derived; and

(ii) contain any amount that is being withheld, the reason for doing so and
the calculations which show how the amount being withdrawn is derived.

The issues in dispute

20 Having regard to the parties’ respective cases in the Application, this
court considers the following to be the relevant issues for determination:

(a) Does the court have a role, under section 27(5) of the SOPA, to review the
merits of the adjudicator’s finding that the Payment Response was invalid?
(“the First Issue”)

(b) If the answer to the First Issue is “yes”, did the adjudicator incorrectly
find that the Payment Response was invalid? (“the Second Issue”)

(c) If the answer to the Second Issue is “yes”, did the adjudicator commit any
breach of the rules of natural justice or “jurisdictional error” in
disregarding the Adjudication Response in the Adjudication Determination, such
that the Adjudication Determination should be set aside? (“the Third Issue”)

21 I will address these issues in sequence.

The First Issue

The key authorities for consideration

22 In respect of the First Issue, the Plaintiff relies principally on the High
Court’s decision in SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1
SLR 733 (“SEF Construction Pte Ltd”) for the proposition that the court, in
hearing a setting aside application under section 27(5) of the SOPA, has no
role to play in reviewing the merits of an adjudicator’s findings in his
adjudication determination. Section 27 of the SOPA provides as follows:

Enforcement of adjudication determination as judgment debt, etc.

27.—(1) An adjudication determination made under this Act may, with leave of
the court, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order of the
court to the same effect.

(2) Where leave of the court is so granted, judgment may be entered in the
terms of the adjudication determination.

(3) An application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination may not
be filed in court under this section unless it is accompanied by an affidavit
by the applicant stating that the whole or part of the adjudicated amount has
not been paid at the time the application is filed.

(4) If the affidavit referred to in subsection (3) indicates that part of the
adjudicated amount has been paid, the judgment shall be for the unpaid part of
the adjudicated amount.

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

23 In SEF Construction Pte Ltd, the key issue before the High Court was
whether an adjudication determination should be set aside on grounds that the
adjudicator had failed to engage in a bona fide exercise of his powers, and
breached the rules of natural justice, by issuing an adjudication
determination containing written grounds only in respect of two out of four
issues argued in the course of the adjudication proceedings. In declining to
order the setting aside of the adjudication determination, Judith Prakash J
(as she then was) outlined the role of the court as follows (at [41]-[42]):

41 In my judgment, bearing in mind the purpose of the [SOPA], the court’s role
when asked to set aside an adjudication determination or a judgment arising
from the same, cannot be to look into the parties’ arguments before the
adjudicator and determine whether the adjudicator arrived at the correct
decision. In this connection, I emphasise the intention that the procedure be
speedy and economical. […] One can very easily envisage a situation (in fact
such situations have already occurred) where the dissatisfied respondent first
applies to the court for the adjudication determination to be set aside on the
ground that, for example, the adjudication response should not have been
rejected, and then when that application is rejected by the assistant
registrar, appeals to the judge in chambers and finally when the appeal is
unsuccessful, appeals again to the Court of Appeal. Bearing in mind that the
adjudication process could have been a two-step process involving a review,
that would mean five steps in all before the dispute regarding the claimant’s
payment claim is finally disposed of. The more steps there are, the longer the
process will take and the more expensive it will be. Such an outcome would be
contrary to the intention of Parliament that the adjudication process should
afford speedy interim relief.

42 Accordingly, instead of reviewing the merits (in any direct or indirect
fashion), it is my view that the court’s role must be limited to supervising
the appointment and conduct of the adjudicator to ensure that the statutory
provisions governing such appointment and conduct are adhered to and that the
process of the adjudication, rather than the substance, is proper. After all,
in any case, even if the adjudicator does make an error of fact or law in
arriving at his adjudication determination, such error can be rectified or
compensated for in subsequent arbitration or court proceedings initiated in
accordance with the contract between the claimant and the respondent and
intended to resolve all contractual disputes that have arisen.

[emphasis in underline added]

24 Prakash J further took the view that the role of the court “must be limited
to” determining the existence of the following “basic requirements” (at [45]):

(a) the existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to
which the SOPA applies;

(b) the service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim;

(c) the making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating body;

(d) the reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to
determine the adjudication application;

(e) the determination by the adjudicator of the application within the
specified period by determining the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by
the respondent to the claimant, the date on which the adjudicated amount is
payable, the interest payable on the adjudicated amount and the proportion of
the costs payable by each party to the adjudication;

(f) whether the adjudicator acted independently and impartially and in a
timely manner and complied with the principles of natural justice; and

(g) in the case where a review adjudicator or panel of adjudicators has been
appointed, whether the same conditions existed, mutatis mutandis, as under (a)
to (f) above.

25 It also bears mentioning that Prakash J, in referring to a New South Wales
case authority in Brodyn Pty Ltd v Davenport [2004] NSWCA 394 (“Brodyn Pty
Ltd”), also opined that “although the [SOPA] requires a payment claim to be
served, whether or not the document purporting to be a payment claim which has
been served by a claimant is actually a payment claim is an issue for the
adjudicator and not the court” (see SEF Construction Pte Ltd at [46]). The
material passage in Brodyn Pty Ltd referred to by Prakash J reads as follows
(per Hodgson JA):

[…] If there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports
to be a payment claim under the Act, questions as to whether the document
complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act are generally, in my
opinion, for the adjudicator to decide. Many of these questions can involve
doubtful questions of act and law; and as I have indicated earlier, in my
opinion the legislature has manifested an intention that the existence of a
determination should not turn on answers to questions of this kind. However, I
do not need to express a final view on this.

26 The Defendant, on the other hand, raises a fairly recent High Court
decision in Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd v Corporate Residence Pte Ltd
[2017] 3 SLR 988 (“Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd”) which, at first
blush, appears to be at some variance in approach with that advocated in SEF
Construction Pte Ltd.

27 In Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd, an application was taken out to set
aside an adjudication review determination on the basis that the review
adjudicator had declined to take into consideration issues raised by the
claimant in an adjudication review initiated by the respondent. The two main
grounds advanced by the claimant in seeking the setting aside order were:

(a) the review adjudicator had committed a breach of the rules of natural
justice by erroneously arriving at a narrow interpretation of the scope of the
adjudication review; and

(b) the error committed by the review adjudicator amounted to a
“jurisdictional error” that warranted the setting aside of the adjudication
review determination.

28 In granting the setting aside application, Lee Seiu Kin J embarked on a
fairly detailed analysis of the merits of the review adjudicator’s decision in
the adjudication review, viz. whether the review adjudicator had in fact
committed an error in taking a narrow view towards the scope of the
adjudication review (see Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd at [11]-[30]). In
the course of his analysis, Lee J held, inter alia, that orders of an
adjudicator and a review adjudicator “are susceptible to judicial review” and,
upon his review of the review adjudicator’s orders, found that the review
adjudicator “had misdirected himself in a point of law” and had therefore
wrongly failed to take into account issues raised by the claimant in the
adjudication review (see Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd at [35] and
[44]). The adjudication review determination was thus set aside on that basis.

This court’s reading of the authorities

29 In my reading of the two High Court cases mentioned above, it is first and
foremost noted that Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd was a case involving
the setting aside of an adjudication review determination, whereas SEF
Construction Pte Ltd was concerned with the setting aside of an adjudication
determination. However, it is not obvious if such a difference would per se
amount to a material point of distinction between the two cases, given that
section 21(2) of the SOPA expressly recognises that “[a]n adjudication review
determination […] shall have effect as if it were an adjudication
determination for the purposes of this Act”. Furthermore, it appears that in
SEF Construction Pte Ltd, Prakash J did somehow recognise that a setting aside
application in respect of an adjudication review determination may be treated
by the court in a similar manner as if it were an adjudication determination
(see [24(g)] above).

30 At the same time, it is also noted that the High Court in SEF Construction
Pte Ltd was faced with a rather specific situation where a party was seeking
to set aside an adjudication determination on the basis that two issues raised
in argument were not addressed by the adjudicator in his adjudication
determination. In particular, the complaint in SEF Construction Pte Ltd was
that the adjudicator had failed to address issues that were properly canvassed
before him, not – as in the present case – that the adjudicator had wrongly
assumed or wrongly decided that he was not empowered to consider those issues
in his determination at all. By contrast, Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd
was a case where – similar to the present case – the contention was that the
review adjudicator had taken an unduly restrictive view towards the scope of
matters that should be considered in the adjudication review determination.

31 Nevertheless, in my respectful view, I consider SEF Construction Pte Ltd to
be the more instructive authority which ought to be applied in the present
case. This is because the holdings in SEF Construction Pte Ltd relating to the
role of the court in a setting aside application had been endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say
Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) and another
appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“Lee Wee Lick Terence”).

32 In Lee Wee Lick Terence, the Court of Appeal (per Chan Sek Keong CJ (as he
then was), Andrew Phang JA and VK Rajah JA (as he then was)) addressed –
albeit arguably in obiter given that the parties had actually settled their
dispute shortly after the Court of Appeal reserved its judgment – two lines of
local case authorities constituting what was perceived to be “two judicial
approaches” vis-à-vis the role of the court “in the scheme of the [SOPA]” (see
Lee Wee Lick Terence at [19]). The first approach advocated (as did Prakash J
in SEF Construction Pte Ltd) a fairly circumscribed role of the court in
revisiting issues determined by an adjudicator, while the second approach
appeared to embrace a more expansive role of the court (as characterised by
the High Court’s decision in Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd v
Italcor Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 459 (per Lee J) (“Sungdo Engineering &
Construction (S) Pte Ltd”)). The Court of Appeal endorsed the approach in SEF
Construction Pte Ltd and distinguished Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S)
Pte Ltd. Pertinently, the Court of Appeal held (at [66]):

The role of the court in a setting-aside action

66 Turning now to the court’s role in a setting-aside action, we agree with
the holding in SEF Construction […] that the court should not review the
merits of an adjudicator’s decision. The court does, however, have the power
to decide whether the adjudicator was validly appointed. If there is no
payment claim or service of a payment claim, the appointment of an adjudicator
will be invalid, and the resulting adjudication determination would be null
and void. [emphasis in underline added]

33 At [67], the Court of Appeal further observed as follows:

67 Even if there is a payment claim and service of that payment claim, the
court may still set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the [SOPA] which is so
important that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the
provision should be invalid, whether it is labelled as an essential condition
or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result in the
adjudication determination being invalid. [emphasis in underline added]

34 In a later decision in Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior
Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR 797 at [46]) (“Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd”), the Court
of Appeal (per Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Steven Chong J (as he
then was)) reaffirmed its earlier holdings in Lee Wee Lick Terence. In
particular, the Court of Appeal in Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd summarised
its holdings in this regard as follows (at [48]):

48 Put simply, in hearing an application to set aside an [adjudication
determination] and/or a s 27 judgment, the court does not review the merits of
the adjudicator’s decision, and any setting aside must be premised on issues
relating to the jurisdiction of the adjudicator, a breach of natural justice
or non-compliance with the SOPA. Applications to set aside [adjudication
determinations] and/or s 27 judgments are thus akin to judicial review
proceedings, and are not appeals on the merits of the adjudicator’s decision.
In our judgment, it is consistent with the purpose of the SOPA, which is to
facilitate cash flow in the building and construction industry, that the
court, in hearing such applications, does not review the merits of the
[adjudication determination] in question. It may be noted that in keeping with
its statutory purpose, the SOPA establishes that parties who have done work or
supplied goods are entitled to payment as of right; it also sets out an
intervening process of adjudication which, although provisional in nature, is
final and binding on the parties to the adjudication until their differences
are ultimately and conclusively determined. In other words, the adjudication
regime under the SOPA seeks to achieve temporary finality: see W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 at [18]. [emphasis in
underline added]

35 Thus, having regard to the authorities surveyed above, this court considers
that the following conclusions may be drawn:

(a) the case authorities demonstrate that a prevalent view is held in the
Court of Appeal that a court should play only a limited role in a setting
aside application under section 27(5) of the SOPA; and

(b) the limited role that a court should play in this regard is that which was
advocated by Prakash J in SEF Construction Pte Ltd (see also [24] above).

Application of the authorities

36 Bearing these conclusions in mind, this court finds it inappropriate, in
this Application, to act against the weight of the authorities by embarking on
a review of the adjudicator’s decision relating to the validity of the Payment
Response. This is for the following reasons.

37 First, the question regarding the validity of a payment response is not one
which will affect the validity of the appointment of (and, correspondingly,
the taking of jurisdiction over adjudication proceedings by) an adjudicator
under the SOPA adjudication regime (cf Lee Wee Lick Terence at [66], which is
reproduced in [32] above). Section 14(1) of the SOPA stipulates the steps by
which an adjudicator is to be appointed by the authorised nominating body
“upon the receipt of an adjudication application”. Relevant to the present
context, a claimant’s entitlement to make an adjudication application is
provided for in section 12(2) of the SOPA, which states that:

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

(a) the claimant disputes a payment response provided by the respondent; or

(b) the respondent fails to provide a payment response to the claimant by the
date or within the period referred to in section 11(1),

the claimant is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13
in relation to the relevant payment claim if, by the end of the dispute
settlement period, the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not
provide the payment response, as the case may be.

38 In either of the scenarios contemplated under sections 12(2)(a) and
12(2)(b) of the SOPA, and indeed regardless of whether the Defendant in the
present case had in fact furnished a valid payment response by serving the
Payment Response, the Plaintiff would have been entitled to make (as it did
pursuant to section 12(2) of the SOPA) its Adjudication Application. In other
words, no issues relating to the adjudicator’s appointment are engaged by
virtue of the issue raised with regard to the validity of the Payment
Response. I should also mention that there have been no issues raised by the
Defendant regarding whether the Adjudication Application had properly complied
with the formal requirements set out in section 13(3) of the SOPA (cf Lee Wee
Lick Terence at [67], which is reproduced in [33] above).

39 Second, the question whether a payment response is valid is not a question
of jurisdictional fact. At a fundamental level, section 16(7) of the SOPA
clearly provides that “[a]n adjudicator’s power to determine an adjudication
application is not affected by the failure of […] the respondent to provide a
payment response […]”. A fortiori, the same should also be true where the
respondent has provided a payment response which is invalid.

40 For completeness, I shall also consider section 15(3)(a) of the SOPA
(reproduced in [19] above) which provides that an adjudicator “shall not
consider” any reason for withholding any amount sought in a payment claim
unless “the reason was included in the relevant payment response provided by
the respondent to the claimant”. On one reading of section 15(3) of the SOPA,
one might perhaps argue that the provision concerns an adjudicator’s
“jurisdiction” in the sense of his competence to adjudicate on certain issues
raised (or purported to be raised) in an adjudication proceedings (cf, eg, Hua
Rong Engineering Pte Ltd v Civil Tech Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 179 at [7] (per Tan
Siong Thye J)).

41 With respect, I am doubtful that introducing into the analysis such
additional layer of understanding “jurisdiction” would not substantially muddy
(and effectively so much as to alienate) the test that the Court of Appeal in
Lee Wee Lick Terence at [52]-[56] (referring to Chase Oyster Bar v Hamo
Industries [2010] NSWCA 190) considered to be more pertinent, namely to focus
the inquiry on the distinction between “acts done [by a claimant] in breach of
an essential preliminary to the [adjudicator’s] exercise of a statutory power
or authority” and “acts done [by a claimant] in breach of a procedural
condition for the [adjudicator’s] exercise of a statutory power or authority”
[emphases added]. Indeed, if one were to extrapolate this test further, a
broad distinction could, mutatis mutandis, in theory similarly also be drawn
in respect of decisions made by an adjudicator to determine whether an alleged
error in the adjudicator’s decision-making is correspondingly in the nature of
a “jurisdictional error” or a “mere error in the exercise of jurisdiction”
(see Lee Wee Lick Terence at [49], referring to Craig v South Australia [1995]
HCA 58).

42 To illustrate, an example of an adjudicator committing a “jurisdictional
error” might be where an adjudicator decides to proceed with an adjudication
where no payment claim existed at all. In such a situation, it might stand to
reason that the court in a setting aside application may review the
correctness of the adjudicator’s decision to proceed with the adjudication, so
as to arrive at a judicial finding as to whether the adjudicator’s appointment
in the adjudication proceedings was tainted at all (see, eg, Sungdo
Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd at [32], and as clarified in Lee Wee
Lick Terence at [39]). Where, instead, for example an adjudicator makes an
adjudication determination in favour of a claimant taking into account a
formally defective payment claim (as distinguished from a non-existent payment
claim or a payment claim which has not been served on the respondent at all),
any error in the adjudicator’s finding on the validity of such payment claim
would most likely be considered a “mere error in the exercise of jurisdiction”
(see, eg, Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 658 (per Prakash J) as clarified in Lee Wee
Lick Terence at [39]). As there is no question engaged with regard to the
propriety of the adjudicator’s appointment, a review of the merits of the
adjudicator’s decision would not be justified in a setting aside application
under section 27(5) of the SOPA. This would indeed be consistent with Prakash
J’s holding in SEF Construction Pte Ltd that whether or not a document
purporting to be a payment claim which has been served by a claimant is
actually a payment claim is an issue for the adjudicator and not the court
(see [25] above); in similar vein, the same could also be said in respect of
an adjudicator’s decision as to whether or not a document purporting to be a
payment response is a valid payment response under the relevant provisions of
the SOPA.

43 In this last regard, it is noted that the Defendant has sought to rely on a
New South Wales decision in Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd v Luikens and Anor
[2003] NSWSC 1140 (“Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd”), which was cited with
approval by the High Court in Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd at [46]. In
Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd, issues were raised as to whether an
adjudication determination should be quashed on the basis of an “error of law
that appears on the face of the record of the proceedings” under section 69(3)
of the Supreme Court Act 1970 (NSW). There, the New South Wales Supreme Court
dealt with, inter alia, an issue as to whether the adjudicator had committed
an error of law in disregarding the respondent’s submissions and evidence in
the adjudication response, where reasons for withholding payment had not been
stated in the respondent’s payment schedule (ie, the equivalent of a payment
response under the SOPA regime) (see Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd at
[60]-[71]). The New South Wales Supreme Court in its judgment appeared to
recognise that any error of such nature would amount to a “jurisdictional
error” justifying a quashing of the adjudication determination.

44 With respect, however, I find that the proposition in Multiplex
Constructions Pty Ltd could potentially and so fundamentally unsettle the
prevalent view held in the Court of Appeal on the limited role of the court in
a setting aside application (see [35] above) that it should, as a matter of
principle, not be open to a court of this present level to simply follow
Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd. This court therefore respectfully declines to
apply Multiplex Constructions Pty Ltd in the present case.

45 With that, I now move on to the third reason as to why I consider that this
court should not embark on a review of adjudicator’s decision relating to the
validity of the Payment Response. The Defendant has not, in the Application,
put forth any argument to the satisfaction of this court that an adjudicator’s
decision on the validity of a payment response is one in respect of which an
error would, in any case as a matter of “legislative purpose”, render the
resulting adjudication determination null and void (cf Lee Wee Lick Terence at
[67], which is reproduced in [33] above albeit in respect of “acts done” by a
claimant in the course of making an adjudication application). There has been
no parliamentary material adduced by the Defendant to assist this court in
this specific regard. Instead, the Defendant’s submissions appear to focus
solely on the contention that the adjudicator’s decision on the validity of
the Payment Response was either a “jurisdictional error” or had resulted in a
breach of the rules of natural justice.

46 Finally, the Defendant’s allegation of a breach of the rules of natural
justice is a misconceived one. In Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd, a
similar challenge was raised by the claimant as a ground for setting aside an
adjudication review determination. In rejecting this particular ground, Lee J
held (at [32]-[34]):

32 [The claimant] said that the [review adjudicator] had refused to hear its
argument relating to [the claimant’s] Issues and by so doing had breached the
rules of natural justice. It submitted that the Adjudication Review
Determination should be set aside on this basis. Specifically, [the claimant]
relied on s 16(3)(c) of the [SOPA] and submitted that an “established example”
of conduct amounting to a breach of natural justice is where the adjudicator
takes an erroneously restrictive view of his own jurisdiction, with the result
that he decides not to consider an important element of the dispute that has
been referred to him. A number of foreign authorities were cited in support of
this proposition.

[…]

34 Notwithstanding the cases cited by [the claimant], I do not agree with [the
claimant’s] suggestion that the Adjudication Review Determination should be
set aside on the basis that there was a breach of natural justice. The cry for
natural justice has an attractive ring to it. But all too often it is used
mistakenly, perhaps because of its innate appeal to emotion. In the present
case, the [review adjudicator] had formed the view that an adjudication review
was limited to the issues raised by the respondent, ie, he was persuaded that
the Narrow Interpretation applied. Critically, this view was formed “[a]fter
very careful consideration of [the claimant’s] submissions and a re-
examination of the authorities cited to [the review adjudicator] on this
subject”. Having formed this view, there was no point in the [review
adjudicator] hearing arguments concerning [the claimant’s] Issues because even
if he agreed with those arguments, it would not have made a difference to his
decision. Therefore, once the [review adjudicator] had decided that it was not
open to [the claimant] to challenge the parts of the adjudication
determination that [the respondent] did not seek to review, it was absolutely
correct for him to refuse to permit [the claimant] to make submissions on
those points. Indeed, it was incumbent upon the [review adjudicator] to refuse
to do so in order to avoid a waste of time and costs. It is wrong to
characterise this as a breach of natural justice because [the claimant] was
heard on the preliminary question concerning the scope of an adjudication
review. The [review adjudicator] then determined that what [the claimant]
wanted to submit was outside the scope of an adjudication review and it was
pointless to go beyond that. There was clearly and emphatically no breach of
natural justice in this case. To the extent that the foreign authorities
relied on by [the claimant] appear to suggest otherwise, I respectfully
disagree with them for this reason.

[emphasis in underline added]

47 Coming back to the present case, the adjudicator had heard the parties on
the issue relating to the validity of the Payment Response. At [42]-[48] of
the Adjudication Determination, the adjudicator set out the context of the
arguments raised by the respective parties on the validity of the Payment
Response. This was followed by [49]-[53] of the Adjudication Determination
where the adjudicator gave reasoned grounds as to why he found the Payment
Response to be invalid under section 11(3) of the SOPA and regulation 6(1) of
the SOPR, and accordingly why, pursuant to section 15(3) of the SOPA, he
“shall not consider any reason the Respondent may raise for the withholding of
any payment”. Clearly, the adjudicator had applied his mind to the arguments
raised with regard to the validity of the Payment Response and had made a
considered determination on that issue. Applying the holding in Ang Cheng Guan
Construction Pte Ltd as quoted above, I therefore find that there is no basis
upon which the Defendant could launch a challenge framed as a breach of the
rules of natural justice.

Summary of the decision in respect of the First Issue

48 In sum, this court considers that the prevailing judicial approach in a
setting aside application taken out pursuant to section 27(5) of the SOPA is
such that the court should play a limited role as envisaged by Prakash J in
SEF Construction Pte Ltd and endorsed by the Court of Appeal in Lee Wee Lick
Terence (and also Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd). Flowing from that, this
court has found no valid reason to embark on a review of the adjudicator’s
decision relating to the validity of the Payment Response.

The Second Issue and the Third Issue

49 In the light of this court’s decision in relation to the First Issue, this
court will make no specific finding in relation to the Second Issue and the
Third Issue (see [20(b)]-[20(c)] above). Nevertheless, for completeness
particularly with regard to the Third Issue, this court will repeat its views
expressed earlier that there is no basis upon which the Defendant could launch
a challenge premised either on a “jurisdictional error” (see [39]-[44] above)
or a breach of the rules of natural justice (see [46]-[47] above) committed by
the adjudicator in question.

Conclusion

50 For the reasons stated above, the Application is dismissed. I will hear the
parties on the issue of costs.

Colin Seow  
Assistant Registrar

Liow Wang Wu Joseph and Charlene Cheam (M/s Straits Law Practice LLC) for the
Plaintiff;  
Chong Yew Meng Luke and Ng Ser Chiang (M/s Elitaire Law LLP) for the
Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

