Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 294

Originating Summons No 3 of 2017

In the matter of section 55(1) of the Medical Registration Act (Cap 174)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of the Inquiry by the Disciplinary Tribunal of the Singapore
Medical Council for Dr Jen Shek Wei, a registered Medical Practitioner  
---  
  
Between

JEN SHEK WEI  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

SINGAPORE MEDICAL COUNCIL  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Professions] — [Medical profession and practice] — [Professional conduct]  

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jen Shek Wei

  
v

  

Singapore Medical Council

[2017] SGHC 294

High Court — Originating Summons No 3 of 2017  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
25 July 2017

13 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The appellant in this originating summons, Dr Jen Shek Wei (“Dr Jen”), a
gynaecologist, was convicted by a Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) constituted by
the Singapore Medical Council (“SMC”) of two charges of professional
misconduct under s 53(1)(d) of the Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 2014 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”).

2 The first charge (set out in full below at [39]) stated that Dr Jen had,
sometime between 30 and 31 August 2010, advised a patient (“the Patient”) to
undergo surgery to remove a pelvic mass, discovered during a Magnetic
Resonance Imaging (“MRI”) scan on 27 August 2010, without conducting further
evaluation and investigation of her condition, when such further assessment
was warranted. This failure to carry out such further evaluation was serious
negligence which objectively portrayed an abuse of the privileges which
accompany registration as a medical practitioner. This, as held by this court
in Low Cze Hong v Singapore Medical Council [2008] 3 SLR(R) 612 (“Low Cze
Hong”) at [37], is one of two limbs under which professional misconduct under
s 53(1)(d) of the Act could be made out.

3 The second charge (set out in full below at [90]) stated that Dr Jen had, on
31 August 2010, performed a left oophorectomy (a surgical procedure to remove
an ovary) on the Patient without having obtained her informed consent, in
breach of Guideline 4.2.2 of the 2002 edition of SMC’s Ethical Code and
Ethical Guidelines (“ECEG”), and that such conduct was an intentional,
deliberate departure from standards observed or approved by members of the
profession of good repute and competence. This, according to Low Cze Hong, is
the other limb under which professional misconduct could be made out.

4 Having convicted Dr Jen on both charges, the DT ordered that Dr Jen (a) be
suspended for a period of eight months, (b) pay a fine of $10,000, (c) be
censured, (d) give a written undertaking to the SMC that he would not engage
in the conduct complained of or other similar conduct, and (e) pay the costs
and expenses of the disciplinary proceedings, including the costs of the SMC’s
solicitors.

5 By way of this originating summons, Dr Jen appeals against his conviction,
and in the alternative, the sentence imposed. We heard the appeal on 25 July
2017 and reserved judgment. We now give our decision.

Facts

6 We start by recounting the facts salient to the present appeal. We have
used, as a starting point, the facts as found by the DT in its grounds of
decision (“GD”) but have supplemented these, where necessary, with references
to the record of appeal.

7 Dr Jen runs his practice at Women’s Clinic of Singapore, located at Ang Mo
Kio Avenue 8, and had, at the time of the disciplinary proceedings, been
practising there for 28 years. He obtained his MBBS from the National
University of Singapore in 1979 and has specialist qualifications in
obstetrics and gynaecology.

8 Before the material events in this case, the Patient had, on 7 June 2010,
consulted Dr Jen about her problems with conceiving a child. She was 34 years
old at the time. She attended follow-up consultations with Dr Jen on three
occasions: 19 June, 29 June and 27 July 2010, respectively. Dr Jen started her
on fertility treatment which involved the prescription of a medication known
as Clomid.

9 The material events in this case were set in motion when the Patient was
referred to Dr Jen by an orthopedic surgeon, Dr Tay Chong Kam (“Dr Tay”). The
Patient consulted Dr Tay on 27 August 2010 because she had been suffering from
what she described as “very bad backache”. An X-Ray and a MRI scan were taken
of her spine. The radiologist, Dr Esther Tan, observed in her radiologic
report dated 28 August 2010 that, based on the X-Ray, there appeared to be a
“lobulated soft tissue density in the pelvis raising the suspicion of a mass”,
and that, based on the MRI scan, there was a “suggestion of a septated cystic
mass in the pelvis anterior to the sacrum” which might be “ovarian in origin”.
Dr Tay advised the Patient to evaluate the pelvic mass further and suggested
that she consult her gynaecologist. On 30 August 2010, he referred her to Dr
Jen with a handwritten letter. The letter said that the Patient had consulted
him for “backache and right sciatica”, that the MRI scan of her lumbar spine
was normal but that it showed a “septated cystic mass in the pelvis”. The
letter ended with a request for Dr Jen to “see and manage”.

The Patient consults Dr Jen

10 On 30 August 2010, the same day that Dr Tay had written the referral
letter, the Patient consulted Dr Jen. She was accompanied by her husband.
Having read Dr Tay’s referral letter and the radiologic report, Dr Jen did a
transvaginal scan on the Patient and found that there was a lump in each of
her ovaries.

11 We pause to make an observation on the nature of the scan that Dr Jen
performed. In her complaint letter to the SMC, dated 12 December 2011, the
Patient recounted that Dr Jen “briefly did an ultrasound scan on [her]
abdominal surface”. This would suggest that what Dr Jen did was a
transabdominal ultrasound scan rather than a transvaginal one. However, it
later transpired that what had been done was in fact a transvaginal scan. In
its GD, the DT constantly described the scan as a transvaginal one. It would
thus appear that the Patient’s recollection in this regard was inaccurate.

12 As mentioned above, Dr Jen’s transvaginal ultrasound scan revealed the
presence of two lumps, or masses, one on the Patient’s right ovary and one on
her left ovary. It is undisputed that Dr Jen performed a right cystectomy (to
remove only the cyst) during the same operation in which he performed a left
oophorectomy (to remove the entire ovary). The present proceedings only
concern the left oophorectomy. We will henceforth refer only to the mass on
the left ovary when describing the operation.

13 What exactly transpired during the consultation is disputed. The DT
accepted the Patient’s version of events in preference to that of Dr Jen.

14 According to the Patient, Dr Jen had advised her to remove the lumps as
soon as possible as the mass was “quite huge” and there “may be a cancer”. We
note that Dr Jen’s account of the diagnosis he gave was to similar effect: he
said that he had informed the Patient that the mass was “not a simple cyst but
instead it was a suspicious complex mass, probably arising from the ovary”;
that the uneven walls and irregular septa meant that “the risk of malignancy
was higher, especially with her history of severe back pain”; and that it
would be best to have the mass removed for histological examination to confirm
the diagnosis.

15 Dr Jen offered the Patient a choice of two surgical procedures for this
purpose: keyhole surgery (also referred to in the GD as a laparoscopy) or open
surgery on the abdomen (also referred to as an open laparotomy). Dr Jen
explained that with keyhole surgery, he would cut a small hole and try to
remove the mass, but there was a risk that the mass, if cancerous, could
spread to other areas. With open surgery, he would cut a 5 to 8 cm hole in the
Patient’s abdomen to remove the mass. The Patient and her husband decided that
she should go for open surgery as they did not want to take the risk of the
cancerous cells in the mass spreading.

16 Dr Jen then offered the Patient and her husband the option of having a
pathologist in the operating theatre during the open surgery. This was for the
purpose of performing a “frozen section” pathology. What this meant was that
if the pathologist were present, Dr Jen would be able to take out the mass and
have the pathologist test it to see if it was cancerous, and, if it were, Dr
Jen and the pathologist could, in the Patient’s words, “go ahead and remove
the womb area”. The test conducted by the pathologist in the operating theatre
would be 99.9% accurate. If the pathologist were not present, the mass would,
after being removed, have to be sent to a laboratory for testing with the
result being known two to three days thereafter; if the mass were found to be
cancerous, the Patient could then decide whether or not to go for further
treatment. Notwithstanding the accuracy rate of this test which could be
conducted during the operation, the Patient and her husband “[did] not want to
take the risk to remove any part of [her] womb” and therefore opted not to
have the pathologist present in the operating theatre. In other words, they
opted to have the mass sent to the laboratory for testing after the open
surgery.

17 The operation was scheduled at 3:30pm on 31 August 2010 at Mount Alvernia
Hospital (“MAH”). In this regard, according to the Patient, Dr Jen had told
her and her husband that the mass was “big” and this prompted her husband to
ask when the earliest time that Dr Jen could operate on the Patient was. Dr
Jen informed them that he would be available on 31 August 2010, the next day,
and the Patient and her husband agreed to schedule the operation then. Dr
Jen’s clinic nurse, Kathy Yip (“Nurse Yip”), made the arrangements for the
operation. Nurse Yip gave evidence at the disciplinary proceedings. We will
touch again on the relevance of her evidence at [120] below.

The Patient signs a consent form for the left oopherectomy

18 The Patient was admitted to MAH at 12:03pm on 31 August 2010. She signed a
number of forms in the admission office, including a document titled “Consent
for Operation or Procedure” (“the consent form”). The consent form was a
generic form which allowed the names of the operation and doctor to be filled
in, and was as follows.

I, the undersigned, hereby consent to undergo the mentioned
procedure/operation of LEFT OPEN LEFT OOPHERECTOMY  of which the nature,
effect and purpose have been explained to me by Dr Jen SHEK WEI

I also consent to:

(i) The administration of general, local or other forms of anaesthesia or
sedation and confirm that the nature, risks and alternatives of such
anaesthesia have been explained to me;

(ii) The transfusion of blood and other blood derived products as may be found
necessary by my attending doctor(s) and confirm that the nature and risks and
alternatives of such transfusions have been explained to me;

(iii) Such further or alternative operative measures or procedures as may be
found necessary by my attending doctor during the course of this
operation/procedure;

(iv) My attending doctor seeking consultation or assistance from other
relevant specialists if the need arises during the course of this
operation/procedure.

…

19 The consent form was signed by the Patient, Dr Jen and the anaesthetist.
According to the Patient, the words “open left oophorectomy” had not been
filled in when she signed the form. In other words, she alleged that she had
signed a blank consent form. She stated that she and Dr Jen had signed the
consent form at different times. Dr Jen testified that he was not present when
the Patient signed the consent form; he signed it before the operation when he
saw the Patient in the operating theatre.

Dr Jen operates on the Patient

20 Dr Jen operated on the Patient from around 3:20pm to 4:15pm. According to
Dr Jen, throughout the course of the operation, he observed four “suspicious”
features which led him to decide to remove the Patient’s left ovary: (a) the
presence of bloodstained acidic fluid in the Patient’s peritoneal cavity, (b)
the abnormal position of the Patient’s ovaries and fallopian tubes, (c) signs
of rupture and herniation on the surface of the ovary, and (d) the fact that
the mass occupied the entire ovary.

21 Dr Jen’s assessment was that there was no clear way to separate the healthy
from the unhealthy tissue. To cut wrongly might cause “spillage”, that is, it
might leave behind tissue that was possibly cancerous. Since the Patient’s
wishes were for the mass to be removed without causing any spillage, Dr Jen
decided that, to respect those wishes, he would have to remove the whole ovary
instead of conserving a small part but risking spillage later. This decision
was, he believed, justified by the four suspicious features mentioned above.
He also observed that the fallopian tube on the left side was already badly
damaged, and that it would not be a good option to leave it there. He thus
removed the whole ovary with the fallopian tube.

The Patient’s ovarian tissue is sent for analysis

22 After the operation, the Patient was warded in MAH. The Patient recalled
that, sometime after the operation, a nurse came to her with a container
showing her the masses that had been removed during the operation. The nurse
informed the Patient that this would be sent to the laboratory for tests. A
histopathology report dated 2 September 2010 indicated that the masses in the
left and right ovaries were not in fact malignant. They were both haemorrhagic
corpus luteum cysts. The contents of the report are as follows:

Diagnosis:

(A & B) Right and left ovarian tissue:

Haemorrhagic corpus luteum cysts

GROSS DESCRIPTION:

(A) The specimen is received in formalin, labelled with patient’s data and
designated “right cyst”. It consists of a piece of tissue measuring 3 x 2cm.
Cut surface shows a cystic lesion filled with altered blood. The wall is
essentially thin and fibrous. There is no evidence of papillary projections.

…

(B) The specimen is received in formalin, labelled with patient’s data and
designated “left oophorectomy”. It consists of a cystic lesion measuring 6 x 4
cm with attached fallopian tube and ampullary end or fimbrial end measuring
4cm. The cyst is intact. Cut surface shows that the cyst is filled with
altered blood. The cyst is multiloculated. Papillary projections are not seen.

MICROSCOPIC DESCRIPTION:

(A&B) Right and left ovarian tissue:

Both specimens show ovarian tissue with haemorrhagic corpus luteum cyst.

No malignancy seen.

…

23 The Patient did not see Dr Jen until the third day of her hospital stay. Dr
Jen informed her that “the lump was benign” and that she could be discharged.
The Patient’s husband, too, recalled that on the day of his wife’s discharge,
Dr Jen informed them that the mass was benign.

24 The Patient recalled that the histopathology report was given to her on the
day she was discharged, 3 September 2010. Dr Jen testified that he was the one
who gave the report to the Patient.

The Patient finds out that her left ovary was removed

25 Some six months later, in January 2011, the Patient’s general practitioner
assessed her to be six weeks pregnant. The Patient and her husband went to see
Dr Jen. He told her that her foetus was not growing and that she might have a
miscarriage. The Patient and her husband decided to seek a second opinion and,
to this end, they consulted Dr Yap Lip Kee (“Dr Yap”), a gynaecologist
practicing at Mount Elizabeth Hospital. Dr Yap saw the Patient on 19 January
2011. Dr Yap confirmed that the Patient might miscarry. She did, in fact,
suffer a miscarriage the next day and was treated for this at Kandang Kerbau
Hospital. We mention this incident only for completeness as the DT had made
reference to it. Nothing eventually turned on it for the purposes of the DT’s
decision or this appeal.

26 On 4 April 2011, the Patient saw Dr Yap again, this time for a complaint of
bleeding during her menstrual cycle. Dr Yap did an ultrasound scan on the
Patient and found a cystic lesion in her right ovary measuring 4.0cm in
average diameter.

27 On 19 April 2011, Dr Yap saw her for a review. Dr Yap performed another
ultrasound scan and this time he found that there was no cyst present in the
right ovary. However, while doing the ultrasound scan, Dr Yap found that he
was unable to locate the Patient’s left ovary. The Patient and her husband
wondered how this could be the case. Dr Yap asked the Patient what surgery she
had gone for a few months back. In response, the Patient produced the
histopathology report which she had with her at that time. According to the
Patient, Dr Yap then highlighted the words “left oophorectomy” in the report
and explained that this was a medical term meaning that her left ovary had
been removed. The Patient testified before the DT that this was the first time
that she and her husband realised what had happened. She had not been told
what “oophorectomy” meant; it was only at Dr Yap’s office that this medical
term was explained to her. In a letter he wrote to the SMC’s investigation
unit, Dr Yap confirmed that the Patient had only learnt that her left ovary
might have been removed when Dr Yap explained the term “oophorectomy” to her.
According to Dr Yap, the Patient was “upset” that he was unable to locate the
left ovary and was “adamant” that Dr Jen had only performed a cystectomy on
her. At the suggestion of the Patient and her husband, Dr Yap wrote a letter
to Dr Jen seeking clarification on what surgery the latter had done. The
letter was dated 13 May 2011 and was sent to Dr Jen at the address of his
clinic, as stated at [7] above. According to Dr Yap, there was no reply from
Dr Jen. During the proceedings before the DT, when Dr Jen was shown Dr Yap’s
letter, he said that he had never received it.

The Patient files a complaint with SMC

28 On 12 December 2011, the Patient filed a letter of complaint with the SMC.
On 17 July 2012, the Investigation Unit of the SMC issued a Notice of
Complaint to Dr Jen. On 2 August 2012, Dr Jen sent a reply refuting the
allegations in the Patient’s complaint (“Response to the Notice of
Complaint”).

29 Almost four years after the Patient’s complaint was filed, on 8 July 2015,
the SMC issued a Notice of Inquiry setting out two charges and informing Dr
Jen that an inquiry would be held by the DT.

30 The DT comprised Dr Joseph Sheares as Chairman, Dr Swah Teck Sin and Mr
Siva Shanmugam. The disciplinary inquiry hearings were held on the following
dates: 9 May, 17 to 19 May, 15 August and 1 November 2016.

31 The SMC called three witnesses: the Patient, the Patient’s husband and its
expert witness, adjunct Professor Dr Tay Sun Kuie (“AP Tay”). AP Tay is a
senior consultant at the Department of Obstetrics & Gynaecology at Singapore
General Hospital and had provided an expert opinion dated 29 October 2015. We
will come to the contents of that opinion shortly.

32 Apart from giving evidence in his own defence, Dr Jen called five other
witnesses: Dr Chin Kin Wuu (“Dr Chin”), the anaesthetist for the Patient’s
operation at MAH; Dr John Hoe Wei Ming (“Dr Hoe”), a radiologist who had
tendered an expert report; and three nurses: Nurse Yip, his clinic nurse, and
two nurses who had been in the employ of MAH on the day of the Patient’s
operation, viz, Ms Chan Yew Meng (“Nurse Chan”) and Ms Roslinda binte Mohmmad
Hajar (“Nurse Roslinda”).

33 The DT delivered its verdict on conviction and sentence on 22 December 2016
– some five years after the Patient’s complaint was lodged. The considerable
lapse in time in between is material to this appeal because Dr Jen argues that
his sentence should be reduced on account of the delay in the SMC’s
prosecution of his case. We consider this argument from [167] onwards.

34 As mentioned, the DT convicted Dr Jen on both charges and imposed the
sentence described at [4]. We will summarise the relevant findings of the DT
at the appropriate junctures below when addressing Dr Jen’s arguments.

Standard of review

35 Pursuant to s 55(11) of the Act, in any appeal to the High Court against a
decision of a DT, the High Court shall accept as final and conclusive any
finding of the DT relating to any issue of medical ethics or standards of
professional conduct unless such finding is “unsafe, unreasonable or contrary
to the evidence”.

36 This threshold would only be met if (a) there is something clearly wrong
either (i) in the conduct of the disciplinary proceedings; and/or (ii) in the
legal principles applied, and/or (b) the findings of the DT are sufficiently
out of tune with the evidence to indicate with reasonable certainty that the
evidence has been misread (see Low Cze Hong at [39]–[40] and the decision of
this court in Ang Pek San Lawrence v Singapore Medical Council [2015] 1 SLR
436 (“Ang Pek San Lawrence”) at [32]).

37 The court will be slow to overturn the findings of the DT, given that it is
a specialist tribunal with its own professional expertise and which
understands what the medical profession expects of its members: see the
decision of this court in Singapore Medical Council v Wong Him Choon [2016] 4
SLR 1086 (“Wong Him Choon”) at [39]–[40]. But this is not to say that a court
will accept the DT’s findings uncritically: a court should not give undue
deference to the views of a DT in a way that would effectively render its
powers of appellate review nugatory (see Low Cze Hong at [42]). The effect of
these two statements is that the threshold for appellate intervention is high
but by no means insurmountable.

38 Let us now turn to address the main contentions in this appeal with these
principles in mind.

Decision on conviction: first charge

39 We start with the first charge against Dr Jen. It reads:

1st Charge (Amended)

That you, DR JEN SHEK WEI, are charged that you, between 30 and 31 August
2010, whilst practising as a gynaecologist at Women’s Clinic of Singapore
(“Clinic”), advised [the Patient] to undergo surgery to remove the pelvic mass
(“Mass”) seen on Magnetic Resonance Imaging performed on her on about 27
August 2010, without carrying out further evaluation and investigation of the
Patient’s condition when such further assessment was indicated.

Particulars

You failed to conduct an adequate evaluation and investigation of the
Patient’s condition when such further evaluation and investigation was
indicated in view of:-

(a) the Patient’s age and pre-menopausal status;

(b) the clinical symptoms from, and the history, size and suspected pathology
of, the Mass;

(c) the Patient’s medical history (including, but not limited to, her drug
and/or family history); and/or

(d) the possibility that the Patient’s ovaries had a marked/excessive response
to the Clomid medication you had prescribed her from in or around July 2010 to
August 2010;

and your aforesaid conduct amounts to such serious negligence that it
objectively portrays an abuse of the privileges which accompany registration
as a medical practitioner; and that in relation to the facts alleged you have
been guilty of professional misconduct under Section 53(1)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act (Cap 174).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The DT’s decision

40 To understand the DT’s decision, it is necessary to bear in mind that there
are two aspects to this charge. As the SMC had submitted to the DT, Dr Jen had
been seriously negligent in:

(a) Advising surgery, because surgery should not have been advised at all in
the circumstances; and

(b) Doing so without having conducted an adequate evaluation and investigation
of the Patient’s condition.

41 Therefore, a conviction on this charge, as framed by the SMC, requires two
findings: a finding that Dr Jen had advised surgical removal of the mass, and
a finding that such advice followed a failure to conduct adequate evaluation
and investigation.

42 As a general, preliminary point, we note that the DT had explained that it
found no reason not to accept the evidence of AP Tay since it was “clear,
compelling and substantiated by relevant medical literature”. On the other
hand, the DT found that Dr Jen’s evidence was “both internally inconsistent
and at variance with the extrinsic evidence before the DT” (GD at [17]).

Advising surgery when surgery was inappropriate

43 The DT agreed with the SMC that surgery should not have been advised. It
found, in agreement with AP Tay, that the clinical practice in gynaecology in
managing women with ovarian cysts was to avoid unnecessary surgery because of
the risks of morbidity and mortality. In AP Tay’s opinion, a competent and
responsible gynaecologist would not, in this case, have advised the removal of
the pelvic mass because the risk of malignancy of the Patient’s mass was low.
AP Tay’s assessment of malignancy was based on the Risk of Malignancy Index
(“RMI”), an accepted risk index which has been in existence since the 1990s
and is advocated by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
(“RCOG”) (GD at [18], [20] and [33]).

44 If surgery was inappropriate, what should the proper clinical practice have
been? The DT accepted AP Tay’s view on this matter. AP Tay stated that he
would have informed the Patient that the risk of malignancy was low and
discussed with her the following options: (a) keeping the pelvic mass under
observation; (b) removing the mass; and (c) performing a frozen section
examination on the mass before deciding, based on the result of that
examination, what further management was needed (GD at [19]). If the low risk
of malignancy was acceptable to the Patient, AP Tay’s management plan would be
to treat the mass as a normal physiological cyst that was likely to regress
within the next one or two menstrual cycles. An ultrasound scan could be
repeated to ascertain that the mass had regressed (GD at [20]). In short, the
proper clinical practice would have been to advise conservative treatment, or
what has been referred to in the GD and in submissions as a “wait-and-see”
approach – that is, to keep the mass under observation rather than to remove
it surgically.

45 The DT rejected Dr Jen’s defence that advising surgery was appropriate
because the Patient’s sciatica heightened the risk of malignancy. The DT
found, instead, that Dr Jen was not justified in advising urgent surgery to
the Patient on the basis of her sciatica (GD at [22]). Dr Jen claimed the
Patient’s history of sciatica raised a high suspicion that the pelvic mass was
malignant; yet he did not present any evaluation or investigation to show a
connection between the pelvic mass and sciatica. The DT also took into account
Dr Hoe’s evidence that he could not be sure based on the transvaginal
ultrasound whether the mass was malignant and that he would have recommended
further evaluation such as by performing a CT or MRI scan of the pelvis, or
blood tests, so as to better characterise the mass. Dr Jen had not done any
such investigation (GD at [23]). Dr Hoe had further testified that it was
difficult, based on the X-Ray report by Dr Esther Tan, to link sciatica to the
pelvic mass (GD at [24]).

46 The DT found that, in this case, there was no evidence, apart from Dr Jen’s
bare assertion, that he had advised any treatment or management options of the
pelvic mass other than to undergo surgery to remove it (GD at [25]). It is
relevant to note that, in a subsequent part of the GD, under the section
dealing with the second charge, the DT also observed that although Dr Jen
claimed to have offered the Patient the “wait-and-see” option, the Patient
denied this. The DT reiterated that there was no documentary evidence that Dr
Jen had offered any alternative treatment besides surgery (GD at [46]).

Failure to conduct evaluation and investigation

47 We turn now to the DT’s decision on the second aspect of the charge. As the
DT noted, since there was no evidence that Dr Jen had advised any treatment or
management options other than surgery, the next question to be asked was
whether the advice to undergo surgery was based on acceptable evaluation or
investigation of the mass (GD at [25]).

48  The SMC submitted that Dr Jen had failed to conduct further evaluation and
investigation in that he did not: (a) conduct any tests such as tumour markers
apart from an ultrasound scan; (b) carry out any differential diagnosis; (c)
assess the risk of the mass being malignant using any form of established
index such as the RMI; (d) consider factors such as those listed in the first
charge; or (e) consider the possibility that the mass was in fact a
haemorrhagic corpus luteal cyst.

49 The DT broadly agreed and found (at [35] of the GD) that Dr Jen

… had not taken into account and evaluated the Patient’s age, pre-menopausal
status, medical history including the Clomid effect on her ovaries and failed
to investigate with the necessary blood tests, repeat scans, and risk of
malignancy assessments to enable him to advise an acceptable management plan
for his Patient. He had failed to show any credible evaluation of the
differential diagnosis of his Patient’s Mass that there was a high probability
of malignancy.

50 In reaching this conclusion, the DT found that, although Dr Jen had claimed
that the Patient’s history of sciatica raised a high suspicion that the pelvic
mass was malignant, he did not present any evaluation or investigation to
demonstrate a connection between the pelvic mass and sciatica. The DT did not
accept that a history of sciatica would by itself indicate a high risk of
malignancy without supporting evaluative evidence (GD at [34]).

51 The DT concluded that Dr Jen had advised the Patient to undergo surgery to
remove the pelvic mass without having conducted further evaluation and
investigation when such further assessment was warranted. The DT was also
satisfied that Dr Jen’s conduct amounted to such serious negligence that it
objectively portrayed an abuse of the privileges which accompany registration
as a medical practitioner (GD at [36]). The DT therefore convicted Dr Jen on
the first charge.

Dr Jen’s grounds of appeal

52 Dr Jen submits that the DT’s finding on the first charge was unsafe,
unreasonable or contrary to the evidence. He made a number of arguments in his
Appellant’s Case, his Skeletal Submissions and a note that his counsel, Mr N
Sreenivasan SC (“Mr Sreenivasan”), tendered to this court during the hearing
of the appeal. These arguments can be distilled into the following five
grounds of challenge.

(a) The DT erred in finding that Dr Jen did not offer any other treatment
options other than surgery. Dr Jen argues that he had advised other treatment
options in the sense that he had discussed the options of laparoscopy biopsy
and frozen section pathology with the Patient. Dr Jen also claims to have
offered the Patient the option of keeping the mass under observation instead
of proceeding for surgery.

(b) The DT erred in finding that Dr Jen failed to consider any of the factors
listed in the charge. Dr Jen argues that he was fully aware of the factors
identified in the charge because Dr Jen had seen the Patient four times in the
three months prior to the surgery. The DT had not explained why they had
ignored Dr Jen’s documentation in his case notes in finding that Dr Jen had
not conducted “further evaluation and investigation”.

(c) The DT erred in failing to recognise that Dr Jen had carried out
evaluation in the form of the transvaginal ultrasound.

(d) The DT erred in disbelieving Dr Jen’s defence that the Patient’s sciatica
led to a heightened risk of malignancy and, in turn, the need for surgery. In
this regard, the DT erred in its unqualified acceptance of AP Tay’s view that
the mass should be managed in isolation from the sciatica. The DT erred in
finding that Dr Jen did not show any connection between sciatica and the
malignancy of the mass.

(e) The DT erred in finding that Dr Jen’s conduct amounted to serious
negligence. Dr Jen never persuaded the Patient to go for urgent surgery the
next day to remove the mass. It was the Patient and her husband who had wanted
the mass to be removed urgently. It was not an abuse of the privileges of
registration as a medical practitioner for a doctor to conduct surgical
removal of a mass from a patient who wanted immediate certainty.

53 We will deal with each of these arguments in turn.

Whether the DT erred in finding that Dr Jen did not offer any treatment option
apart from surgery

54 Dr Jen argues that the DT erred in finding that he had not advised any
treatment or management options for the Patient’s pelvic mass other than
surgery. In his submission, the DT was wrong because:

(a) Dr Jen offered the Patient the option to wait and observe the mass (ie,
the “wait-and-see” approach) rather than proceed with surgery, though this was
not documented as it was standard advice; and

(b) Dr Jen had, at the very least, discussed with the Patient the options of
laparoscopy biopsy and a frozen section pathology. The discussion of these two
options with the Patient demonstrated that Dr Jen did advise other treatment
and management options.

55 The SMC’s response to these two points is as follows:

(a) The DT found that Dr Jen’s assertion that he had advised a “wait-and-see”
approach was not corroborated by any independent or contemporaneous evidence.
That Dr Jen disagrees with the DT’s decision to disbelieve him on this score
does not mean the DT’s finding should be overturned.

(b) The argument that Dr Jen had advised laparoscopy biopsy and frozen section
pathology misses the point because the gravamen of the first charge is that Dr
Jen should not have advised any kind of surgery to begin with.

56 In so far as Dr Jen’s first point at [54(a)] above is concerned, we agree
with the SMC for two main reasons. First, although Dr Jen asserts that he
offered the Patient the “wait-and-see” option, it is contradicted by the
testimony of the Patient and her husband, which the DT accepted. It is thus
imperative that Dr Jen explain why the DT was wrong in preferring their
account over his, which he has not done. Second, even if, contrary to the DT’s
finding, Dr Jen had offered the Patient the “wait-and-see” option, that would
not necessarily afford a basis for reversing the DT’s conviction on the first
charge. We are not persuaded as to the relevance of this argument. As we noted
above at [40(a)], the gravamen of the first charge is that Dr Jen should not
have advised surgery at all; given the Patient’s circumstances, the “wait-and-
see” option was the only acceptable option. Therefore, even if we take Dr
Jen’s case at its highest, that he offered the “wait-and-see” option together
with the option of surgery, the fact still remains that he should not have
offered the option of surgery.

57 We are satisfied, in any case, that Dr Jen did not offer the Patient the
“wait-and-see” option. We arrive at this conclusion by considering the issue
from two angles.

58 First, the Patient and her husband’s testimony on this point was firm and
unwavering. The Patient did testify, at first, that she could not remember
whether Dr Jen had offered her this option, but she implied that it was
unlikely that Dr Jen had done so since he kept emphasising that there was a
risk of cancer. When later, over the course of cross-examination, counsel for
Dr Jen put to her repeatedly that Dr Jen had offered her this option, she
consistently disagreed. The DT noted this (GD at [46]). The Patient’s husband,
too, flatly denied that Dr Jen had offered this option; he was asked no fewer
than five times. We do not think there is any reason to doubt the truth of
their testimony.

59 Second, even on Dr Jen’s own account, it was doubtful if he had offered the
Patient the “wait-and-see” option. While Dr Jen did testify at first that he
had given the Patient this option, his answer later on to a different question
seemed to reveal that he had a different understanding of what “wait-and-see”
meant from the way in which the DT used it. When asked why he did not document
his advising of the “wait-and-see” option, Dr Jen said that he did not need to
document what was “standard advice”, but he explained that the “standard
advice” he would give was to this effect: “Yes, you may wish to not operate or
you may wish to operate”. This suggested that Dr Jen’s understanding of “wait-
and-see”, when he earlier said he had offered such an approach, was that he
had offered the Patient the option of not going for surgery. However, given
that he advised the Patient that there was a “significant risk of the cancer”
being present and that any risk of the spread of cancer would be “entirely on
[the Patient’s] shoulders”, it was implied in this advice that waiting was the
much less desirable option as compared with surgery, when it should have been,
as the DT had found, the more advisable of the two. It is therefore doubtful
if Dr Jen had truly offered the “wait-and-see” option to the Patient, in the
sense of having advised the Patient that the mass might regress after some
time. This doubt is amplified by Dr Jen’s omission to mention in his Response
to the Notice of Complaint that he had offered the “wait-and-see” option to
the Patient – an omission the DT noted (GD at [13]). When this is contrasted
with the unshaken testimony of the Patient and her husband as we have
described above, the conclusion must be that the DT’s finding that Dr Jen did
not, in actual fact, offer the “wait-and-see” option was not unsafe,
unreasonable or contrary to the evidence.

60 In so far as Dr Jen’s second point at [54(b)] above is concerned, we
broadly agree with the SMC that Dr Jen’s discussions of the laparoscopic
biopsy and the frozen section pathology are irrelevant to the question of his
conviction under the first charge. When the DT said that Dr Jen had not
advised “any treatment or management options” other than surgery (GD at [25]),
what the DT meant was that Dr Jen did not advise conservative treatment. This
is evident from reading this statement of the DT together with its endorsement
of AP Tay’s opinion that the clinical practice in managing women in the
Patient’s circumstances was to avoid doing unnecessary surgery due to the low
likelihood of an ovarian mass being malignant and, on the other hand, the
significant risk of morbidity associated with surgery (GD at [33]).

61 Instead, Dr Jen had proceeded right from the outset on the basis that
surgery was required. As the Patient testified, Dr Jen had said that the mass
was “quite huge”, and her condition was “critical”; he then “suggested” that
she “go for an operation to remove it”. Dr Jen then offered two types of
surgery: keyhole or open surgery. Dr Jen argues that the offering of
laparoscopic biopsy and a frozen section pathology – what he described as
“intermediate options” – constituted treatment or management options other
than surgery. But it is undisputed, first, that these are also surgical
procedures, albeit of an investigative nature, and, second, that these
investigative surgical procedures that Dr Jen proposed were with a view
eventually to removing the mass if it was found to be malignant. Dr Jen had
already decided that the mass was potentially malignant and needed to be
removed. But the gravamen of the first charge is that he should not have made
that decision without further evaluation. Dr Jen should not have advised any
kind of surgery and should instead have recommended conservative management.
And as we have already noted, there was no firm proof that he had done that.
Hence, the DT’s finding that he did not recommend any treatment or management
options other than surgery cannot, in our view, be faulted.

62 Mr Sreenivasan made the point in his note that there must be a clear line
drawn between medical negligence and misconduct: Dr Jen’s advising surgery,
and his failure to offer the “wait-and-see” option, would at most amount to
medical negligence, not misconduct. There might be force in that submission if
not for the fact that it does not address the gravamen of the first charge.
The charge requires a finding not only that Dr Jen had advised surgery when he
should instead have advised a “wait-and-see” approach, but also that this
decision was accompanied by a failure to conduct adequate evaluation and
investigation. The choice of a wrong treatment option with adequate evaluation
and investigation might be negligence albeit not serious negligence amounting
to misconduct (we express no definite view on this), but that same choice made
without adequate evaluation and investigation is what would amount to serious
negligence (that would, in fact, amount to misconduct). It is, therefore, to
the question of whether Dr Jen had conducted adequate evaluation and
investigation that we now turn – this brings us to the arguments mentioned in
[52(b)]–[52(c)] above.

Whether the DT was wrong to have found that Dr Jen had not considered the
factors in the first charge

63 Dr Jen argues that he was fully aware of the factors stated in the charge
because he had seen the Patient on four previous occasions and had notes from
these consultation in his docket. These notes were available to him during the
30 August 2010 consultation. That he did not re-document these factors in his
30 August 2010 notes does not justify the conclusion that he did not take them
into consideration. The Patient’s history was within his knowledge at the time
of the consultation on 30 August 2010. All this goes towards undermining the
DT’s finding at [35] of the GD (see [49] above) that Dr Jen had not taken into
account and evaluated these factors.

64 The SMC argues that the fact that Dr Jen recorded the Patient’s age, pre-
menopausal status, and medical history in his earlier notes does not mean that
he bore these in mind in determining that the pelvic mass was probably
malignant. That he in fact failed to consider and evaluate these
characteristics can be seen from his admission at the inquiry that he did not
use the RMI – a common guideline used by gynaecologists – or any malignancy
guidelines at all, for that matter, to assess the Patient.

65 We reject Dr Jen’s argument. There are two difficulties with it. First, Dr
Jen’s notes do not, as he claims, record the factors mentioned by the SMC in
the particulars of the first charge. His record of the 30 August 2010
consultation was scant. It merely said “?malignant” with no explanation. As AP
Tay noted, that there was nothing in the clinical records or medical documents
showing that Dr Jen recorded the Patient’s age, last menstruation period,
medical history, family history of risk of ovarian malignancy, or her response
to taking Clomid. It is true that, Dr Jen did, in his case note for the 29
June 2010 consultation, state that he prescribed Clomid to the Patient and
recorded the serum progesterone level (a measure of her body’s response to the
Clomid). However, this particular consultation was some two months before Dr
Jen saw the Patient on 30 August 2010, and was therefore before the mass had
been detected. There is no evidence that he had considered the effect of
Clomid when assessing the Patient’s condition on 30 August 2010.

66 Second, and in any event, even if we were to accept that Dr Jen was aware
of the factors despite not having written them down in his case notes on 30
August 2010, it does not necessarily follow that he had weighed them in
assessing if the mass was malignant.

67 One way for Dr Jen to prove that he had considered the factors listed above
would have been to say that he had used an RMI checklist or some other
malignancy guideline to assess the Patient’s condition. As AP Tay explained,
an RMI assessment would have allowed for a malignancy score to be assigned to
the Patient’s pelvic mass based on three parameters: the risk score of the
ultrasound scan, the menopausal status of the Patient, and the CA 125 level
(CA 125 being a type of blood test to show if cancer is present). According to
the RCOG Guideline on the Management of Suspected Ovarian Masses in
Premenopausal Women (“RCOG Guideline”) cited by AP Tay, the RMI is the “most
widely used model” for assessing malignancy although newer models have been
developed.

68 At this juncture, we should deal with Dr Jen’s argument that the RMI should
not have been used in this case even though it is the most widely-used model
in gynaecological practice. Dr Jen refers to the parts of the RCOG Guideline
which note that the following matters fell outside the scope of the Guideline:
the ongoing management of “borderline ovarian tumours”, the laparoscopic
management of highly suspicious or known ovarian malignancies, and the acute
presentation of ovarian cysts. Mr Sreenivisan also highlighted during oral
submissions that the first edition of the RCOG Guideline was issued on 1
November 2011, which was after the event in this case had taken place in 2010.
However, Dr Jen’s counsel below did not raise these questions about the
applicability of the RCOG Guideline during the cross-examination of AP Tay. It
is thus difficult for us to fault the DT’s reliance on the RMI because we are
in no position to second guess how they would have addressed these points
raised by Dr Jen.

69 In any event, we need not make a finding on the applicability of the RMI
checklist to the Patient and the correctness of the DT’s reliance on it. Even
if we find that the RMI checklist is not the most appropriate evaluative tool,
it does not assist Dr Jen’s case. It is undisputed that Dr Jen did not use any
malignancy guideline to support his assessment that there was a high risk of
the Patient’s pelvic mass being malignant. Given that he did not use any such
malignancy guideline, it is difficult for him to impugn the DT’s finding that
he had not evaluated these factors. Dr Jen is essentially asking the court to
presume that he must have applied his mind to these factors in making his
clinical diagnosis. But it is difficult to make such a presumption because
most ovarian masses in young, pre-menopausal women like the Patient are
benign, as AP Tay had testified (GD at [20]). Dr Jen, too, accepted that
malignancy in the ovary was uncommon in a pre-menopausal woman (GD at
[25(e)]). Rather than presume than Dr Jen must have considered these factors,
it was not unreasonable for the DT to think the opposite: that he had failed
to create a reasonable doubt in the SMC’s case that he did not consider the
factors, because if he had, he would not have thought that surgery was needed
as an option in those circumstances.

70 This then brings us to Dr Jen’s argument that the transvaginal ultrasound
alone was sufficient evaluation to demonstrate the possibility of the mass
being malignant.

Whether the DT had erred in failing to recognise that Dr Jen carried out
evaluation in the form of the transvaginal ultrasound

71 Dr Jen challenges the DT’s finding that he did not consider any form of
evaluation. In his view, the DT was wrong because, in assessing the Patient’s
mass to be malignant and thus advising her to go for surgery, he had relied on
the transvaginal ultrasound scan which he administered on 30 August 2010. We
note that Dr Jen had, in challenging the relevance of the RCOG Guideline,
referred to its observation that ultimately a pelvic ultrasound is the “single
most effective way of evaluating an ovarian mass with transvaginal
ultrasonography being preferable due to its increased sensitivity over trans-
abdominal ultrasound”.

72 SMC’s response is that the DT had taken into account Dr Jen’s reliance on
the scan. The DT (in agreement with AP Tay) found that Dr Jen was not entitled
to rely solely on the scan without considering other tests, because the scan
results were only one of the components to be considered in an RMI.

73 To the extent that Dr Jen is arguing that the DT did not consider the fact
that had he relied on the transvaginal ultrasound scan, that argument is
misplaced. The DT was aware of the fact that Dr Jen had relied on the
ultrasound scan, as it observed that “Dr Jen had informed the Patient that the
[m]ass probably arose from the ovary but he could not be sure of the diagnosis
of this [m]ass based on his trans-vaginal ultrasound scan” (GD at [32]). The
DT also explained, albeit in a later part of the GD relating to sentencing,
that it was not persuaded by Dr Jen’s submission that it was “unnecessary to
do any further investigations apart from the previous trans-vaginal ultrasound
scan” especially since “he could not be sure the [m]ass was malignant” (GD at
[54(c)]. The DT thought it essential to apply some form of malignancy
guideline, noting that there was “sufficient OBGYN medical literature and
guidelines in 2010 to assess the risk of malignancy in ovarian masses” (GD at
[54(c)]).

74 As for whether the transvaginal ultrasound scan alone was sufficient
evaluation and investigation, we find no basis to interfere with the DT’s
assessment. As noted in the preceding paragraph, the DT was not persuaded that
the transvaginal scan alone was sufficient evaluation on which to base a
finding of malignancy. In particular, the DT explained at [32] of the GD that
although Dr Jen had done the transvaginal ultrasound scan, even he could not
be sure about the diagnosis of the mass based on the scan. The DT hence placed
little weight on Dr Jen’s use of the scan to bolster his assessment of the
mass’s possible malignancy.

75 On appeal, Dr Jen has pointed to parts of the transcript from AP Tay’s and
Dr Hoe’s testimony where they had stated that it was not possible, based on
the ultrasound scan, to rule out the possibility of malignancy. It is correct
that one could not completely rule out the possibility of malignancy based on
the ultrasound scan; however, that does not mean the scan alone is sufficient
evidence that the mass is malignant. The scan is an indication that further
evaluation and investigation need to be undertaken and is not sufficient
evaluation and investigation in and of itself. Both AP Tay and Dr Hoe
testified to this effect. In this regard, we refer to the following parts of
the transcripts that Mr Sreenivasan has drawn our attention to in the note he
submitted.

(a) AP Tay said, under cross-examination, that he could not exclude the
possibility that the ultrasound scan showed malignancy. However, before he was
asked that question, he had stated that the ultrasound scan itself would not
be sufficient and one would need to evaluate the mass with other tools.

(b) Dr Hoe testified that, based on the ultrasound scan, a malignant mass
would have been “higher up on [his] list of possibilities”. However, Dr Hoe
agreed that whether or not that meant that someone could conclude based on the
scan, and without any follow-up evaluation, was a different question
altogether. And on this point, in the DT’s words, Dr Hoe had stated in his
expert report that he “would not have been able to offer a specific diagnosis
based only on the ultrasound findings, and … would have recommended further
evaluation and follow up” in the form of further CT scans, MRI scans or
ultrasound scans (GD at [23]).

Hence, even the evidence Dr Jen is trying to rely on shows that an assessment
of malignancy based on the transvaginal ultrasound scan alone was not adequate
evaluation and investigation. In the circumstances, Dr Jen has no basis to
argue that the DT was wrong in concluding that he had not performed adequate
evaluation and investigation.

Whether the DT had erred in rejecting Dr Jen’s defence based on sciatica

76 We now turn to Dr Jen’s defence to the charge, which is based on the
presence of the Patient’s sciatica.

77 In Dr Jen’s mind, the requirement for surgery was based on the malignancy
of the Patient’s mass, which in turn was premised on his assumption that the
presence of sciatica heightened the risk of malignancy that was suggested by
the transvaginal ultrasound scan. If there was such a link, it might go
towards showing that his advice to the Patient to remove it through surgery
was not negligent. Conversely, however, if there was no such link, then Dr Jen
would have had little basis for thinking that the mass might be malignant and
that would reinforce the finding that he had been seriously negligent in
advising the Patient to remove it surgically without having first conducted
further evaluation or investigation.

78 Dr Jen’s argument is that the DT was wrong to have accepted, without
qualification, AP Tay’s view that the Patient’s mass should be viewed in
isolation from her sciatica. Dr Jen suggests that it was unsafe, unreasonable
and/or contrary to the evidence for the DT to form the view that the mass and
the Patient’s sciatica were unrelated. He argues that the DT failed to explain
its preference for AP Tay’s evidence over Dr Jen’s view on this matter.

79 The relevant part of the GD that deals with AP Tay’s evidence is at [21],
where the DT noted AP Tay’s concession, in cross-examination, that he did not
focus on the Patient’s sciatica because there was no gynecological reason for
her to have sciatica. AP Tay’s view was that it was “extremely rare” for an
ovarian mass to cause leg pain. This is because the relevant nerve is in a
different compartment of the anatomy and an ovarian cyst, even a larger one
than the mass in the present case, would not cause sciatica. In his
experience, he had never seen an ovarian mass causing sciatica.

80 For a number of reasons, Dr Jen submits that the DT’s acceptance of AP
Tay’s view was unreasonable.

(a) First, he questions the credibility of AP Tay’s opinions because, unlike
Dr Jen, AP Tay had no experience with patients who had presented with both
ovarian masses and sciatica.

(b) Second, and in a related vein, he states that AP Tay’s view that sciatica
had no link with the mass was questionable because the orthopaedic surgeon, Dr
Tay, had referred the mass to Dr Jen precisely for that reason. Dr Tay had
taken the view that the cause of the backache and sciatica was not orthopaedic
in nature. The implication is this: a doctor who would have been able to treat
sciatica would not refer its treatment to a gynaecologist unless there were
some gynaecological cause for the sciatica.

(c) Third, he questions why the DT did not consider the medical literature he
had cited that showed the possibility of extra-spinal causes of sciatica.

(d) Fourth, he submits that the DT failed to explain its preference for AP
Tay’s evidence over Dr Jen’s views. Dr Jen submits that this renders the DT’s
decision to convict him on the first charge unsafe. He relies on this court’s
holding in Uwe Klima v Singapore Medical Council [2015] 3 SLR 854 (“Uwe
Klima”) at [74] that a DT’s failure to explain its conclusion in the face of
conflicting medical evidence could render its conviction unsafe or contrary to
evidence.

81 On the first point, we agree with the SMC that the fact that AP Tay had not
personally treated patients presenting with ovarian mass and sciatica is not a
sufficient basis for rejecting his views. The question being considered is the
likelihood of sciatica being caused by an ovarian mass. A doctor who is
familiar with the treatment of ovarian masses is qualified to comment on this
question – both AP Tay and Dr Jen qualify. The fact that AP Tay has not
treated any case where a patient had both sciatica and an ovarian mass could
simply be because, as he says, there is a very low probability of the former
being caused by the latter. After all, Dr Jen also agreed that sciatica was a
rare symptom in ovarian tumours (see GD at [25(e)]). The fact that AP Tay did
not have experience treating patients with both conditions does not mean AP
Tay’s views are any less credible than Dr Jen’s.

82 Furthermore, AP Tay’s views are not unreasonable. AP Tay did not say that
there could not have been any link between an ovarian tumour and sciatica. He
accepted that there was a link but that the ovarian tumour would have had to
be at an advanced stage of malignancy; before the ovarian tumour could spread
to the sciatic nerve, one would first see many other symptoms such as the
bloating of the abdomen, eating disorders and bowel or urinary symptoms.
Hence, AP Tay clearly considered the possible interaction between sciatica and
an ovarian mass. We do not think his views can be rejected simply because he
has never treated patients presenting with both sciatica and an ovarian mass.

83 In so far as the second point is concerned, it does not appear that Dr Tay
was referring the sciatica to Dr Jen. He did not tell Dr Jen that he suspected
or thought that there was a link between the sciatica and the mass and that Dr
Jen was required to resolve this. Rather, it appears clear from the referral
letter that Dr Tay was highlighting the presence of a mass in the Patient’s
pelvic region that was discovered during an MRI Scan of the Patient’s spine
area, and that this should be evaluated by a gynaecologist; it was the mass
that Dr Jen was supposed to “see and manage”, not the sciatica. As AP Tay
explained, had he been the one attending to the Patient, he would have managed
the ovarian mass and Dr Tay would “continue to manage the Patient’s spinal
problems and her sciatica” (GD at [21]). It was Dr Jen’s own assumption that
the sciatica had been caused by the mass and that this raised the suspicion of
malignancy. Hence, Dr Tay’s referral alone does not necessarily mean there
must be a link between sciatica and malignancy.

84 The third point is not entirely persuasive either. It is true that the DT
did not, in its GD, give reasons for not accepting the medical articles cited
by Dr Jen. However, it is clear that it did, in fact, address its mind to the
articles during the hearing. The Chairman drew AP Tay’s attention to an
observation in one of these articles (“CT and MRI in the Evaluation of
Extraspinal Sciatica”) that “the sciatic nerve may be locally invaded by …
ovarian tumours”; AP Tay explained that this would only occur in the case of
“advance malignancy”. AP Tay’s view, in other words, was that unless the
ovarian tumour had metastasised, it would not be possible for the Patient to
complain of sciatica. The DT may not have addressed those articles explicitly
in the GD, but that does not render its conviction unsafe, unreasonable or
contrary to evidence. It did consider at least one of these articles during
the inquiry. There is no evidence that it had ignored them.

85 In so far as the fourth point is concerned, it is correct that “[w]hen
there is a conflict in medical opinion, the preference of one body of opinion
over another should not only be stated, but also explained” (see Ang Pek San
Lawrence at [84], endorsed by this court in Uwe Klima at [74]). But it is
necessary to be clear about what the “conflict” was here. The conflict was
about the alleged link between sciatica and the malignancy of the mass. AP Tay
said that there was no link; Dr Jen claimed that there was. The DT did not
explain why it did not rely on the medical articles cited by Dr Jen, but those
articles were only cited to prove Dr Jen’s point about the causal link between
sciatica and the malignancy of the mass, and, on this broader point, the DT
explained why it did not think there was such a link. At [34] of its GD, the
DT rejected Dr Jen’s view, finding that Dr Jen had not presented any
“convincing evidence” that sciatica itself would indicate a high risk of
malignancy. The DT had explained its reasons for reaching this conclusion in
that particular paragraph – it accepted AP Tay’s view that it was unlikely
that sciatica would be caused by an ovarian mass given that both are in
different anatomical compartments, while noting Dr Jen’s agreement with the
fact that sciatica was an uncommon symptom of an ovarian tumour. It can be
inferred that the DT did not find the medical literature cited by Dr Jen
persuasive. We acknowledge that its explanation would have been made more
complete had it expressly addressed the medical literature relied on by Dr
Jen. But that is not the same as saying as there was a complete absence of any
explanation. Further, as we have already noted in the preceding paragraph, the
DT was cognisant of this literature. Hence, we do not think the omission to
refer to it in the GD renders the conviction unsafe, unreasonable or contrary
to the evidence.

Whether Dr Jen’s conduct amounted to serious negligence

86 We turn to Dr Jen’s final argument, which is that he could not be said to
have been seriously negligent in offering surgery to a Patient who wanted
immediate certainty.

87 We indicated to Mr Sreenivasan during the hearing that we did not find this
argument persuasive. Patients with conditions that may be serious may
understandably seek an urgent resolution. However, the duty remains on the
doctor to advise on the appropriate course of treatment, and for the patient
to decide what to do based on that advice. Even if a patient insists on a
particular course of treatment, it is the doctor who possesses the requisite
professional expertise and who must therefore advise the patient on the
appropriateness or suitability of such a treatment option. Doctors are not
there to be hurried along by their patient’s demands.

88 In this case, since surgery was, as the DT found, clearly not the
appropriate treatment option, Dr Jen could not be absolved of liability by
pointing to the fact that it was the Patient who had wanted this treatment
option. After all, the Patient’s decision to opt for surgery was based on Dr
Jen’s act of negligence in the first place. Dr Jen had formed the view that
the mass might be malignant and had advised the Patient to undergo surgical
removal of the mass without further evaluation. That was the act of serious
negligence. It was only after he had advised surgical removal did the
Patient’s husband ask about the earliest time that the surgery could take
place.

Conclusion on the first charge

89 In the premises, we find no reason to interfere with the DT’s conviction on
the first charge and we accordingly uphold it.

Decision on conviction: second charge

90 We now turn to address the second charge which was worded as follows:

2nd Charge

That you, Dr Jen SHEK WEI, are charged that you, on or about 31 August 2010,
whilst practising as a gynaecologist at the Clinic performed a left
oophorectomy (“Procedure”) on the Patient, at Mount Alvernia Hospital, without
obtaining the required informed consent from the Patient for the Procedure, in
breach of Guideline 4.2.2 of the Singapore Medical Council’s Ethical Code and
Ethical Guidelines (“ECEG”).

Particulars

You failed to:-

(a) adequately explain to the Patient prior to the Procedure, the nature,
risks and possible consequences of the Procedure, including but not limited
to, the fact that the Procedure could involve the complete removal of the
Patient’s left ovary;

(b) adequately explain to the Patient the consequences of the removal of her
left ovary; and/or

(c) obtain specific consent from the Patient or her husband to remove the
Patient’s left ovary, and to record such consent in the Patient’s medical
notes;

and your aforesaid conduct constituted an intentional, deliberate departure
from standards observed or approved by members of the profession of good
repute and competency, and that in relation to the facts alleged you are
guilty of professional misconduct under Section 53(1)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act (Cap 174).

The DT’s decision

91 The DT’s decision was based on the following critical findings.

(a) Apart from MAH’s consent form, there was no contemporaneous evidence that
Dr Jen had obtained informed consent through a process of explaining the
risks, benefits and possible complications of the left oophorectomy (GD at
[41]).

(b) It was not clear what surgical procedure Dr Jen had advised the Patient to
undergo based on his documentations. Different surgical procedures were
identified in Dr Jen’s clinical notes, the admission letter, the MAH consent
form, the MAH operation record and the MAH in-patient discharge summary (GD at
[43]). The confusion in the identification of the surgical procedure, coupled
with the lack of proper understanding by the Patient of the nature of her
disease and surgical treatment, made it difficult for the DT to accept that
sufficient information and detail had been given to the Patient in order to
enable her to make an informed decision concerning her treatment (GD at [45]).

(c) Dr Jen’s answer when asked what he had explained to the Patient regarding
the left oophorectomy was “somewhat evasive and repetitive”. It was clear to
the DT that Dr Jen had not in fact told the Patient clearly the consequences
of her left ovary being removed (GD at [48]).

(d) The DT placed little weight on the evidence of the four witnesses Dr Jen
had called to address the issue of informed consent (GD at [49]). We will
elaborate on this particular point below.

(e) In conclusion, Dr Jen had not ensured “that the Patient who was under his
care was adequately informed about her medical condition and options for
treatment so that she was able to participate and make informed decisions
about her treatment”. Significantly, Dr Jen did not document the details of
the surgery advised and his taking of informed consent. All things considered,
the DT was satisfied that Dr Jen was in breach of Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG
and, further, that Dr Jen’s conduct constituted an intentional, deliberate
departure from standards observed or approved by reputable and competent
members of the profession (GD at [50]).

Dr Jen’s grounds of appeal

92 In the second charge, Dr Jen’s failure to obtain informed consent was
framed as professional misconduct under the first limb of Low Cze Hong,
namely, that it was an intentional and deliberate departure from the
applicable standard of conduct observed by members of the profession. It was
held by this court in Ang Pek San Lawrence at [39], and affirmed in Wong Him
Choon at [49], that when proceeding under this limb a DT needs to answer three
questions:

(a) What the applicable standard of conduct was among members of the medical
profession of good standing and repute in relation to the actions that the
allegation of misconduct related to;

(b) If the applicable standard of conduct required the doctor to do something,
and if so at what point in time that duty crystallised; and

(c) Whether the doctor’s conduct was an intentional and deliberate departure
from the applicable standard of conduct.

93 The first two requirements do not present any controversy here. The
applicable standard of conduct is the duty to obtain informed consent as set
out in Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG, as follows:

It is a doctor’s responsibility to ensure that a patient under his care is
adequately informed about his medical condition and options for treatment so
that he is able to participate in decisions about his treatment. If a
procedure needs to be performed, the patient shall be made aware of the
benefits, risks and possible complications of the procedure and any
alternatives available to him.

94 In so far as the second requirement is concerned, it is logical and
commonsensical that the duty to obtain a patient’s informed consent to a
surgical procedure crystallises when the procedure in question is first
suggested to the patient; it is at that time that the doctor must explain the
benefits, risks and possible complications of the procedure as well as any
available alternatives. For convenience, we will refer to the aforementioned
as the “required matters”. In this case, the duty would have crystallised at
the consultation on 30 August 2010 when Dr Jen advised the Patient to undergo
surgery to remove the mass.

95 The crucial question is thus whether Dr Jen’s conduct represented an
“intentional and deliberate departure” from the applicable standard observed
by members of the profession, that is, Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG. We will
analyse this issue in two parts:

(a) Did Dr Jen obtain the Patient’s informed consent to the left oophorectomy?

(b) If he did not, did his failure to do so represent an intentional and
deliberate departure from the applicable standard of conduct, that is,
Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG?

Whether Dr Jen obtained the Patient’s informed consent

96 We understand Dr Jen’s argument to proceed along two steps: first, that the
consent form alone is sufficient evidence of informed consent, and, second,
that, in any event, all the other evidence demonstrates that Dr Jen had
obtained informed consent. In relation to the second argument, Dr Jen also
submits that the DT had erred in believing the Patient’s version of events
even though it was clearly inconsistent with the evidence of other witnesses
and the documentary evidence.

97 As the burden of proof was on the SMC to establish beyond a reasonable
doubt that Dr Jen had not obtained the Patient’s informed consent to the left
oophorectomy, the way to approach the two arguments raised by Dr Jen is to ask
whether either argument raises a reasonable doubt in the SMC’s case, such as
to render the DT’s conviction on this charge unsafe, unreasonable or contrary
to the evidence.

Whether the Patient’s signature on the consent form was sufficient to
demonstrate that Dr Jen had obtained informed consent

98 Dr Jen argues that since the consent form (reproduced at [18] above) was a
contemporaneous document, and since DT did not find any irregularities in the
manner the consent form had been signed, “the form in itself is evidence of
properly obtained informed consent for the left oophorectomy”. Underpinning
this argument is the submission that the courts should not allow patients to
sign consent forms and then claim they did not understand what they were
consenting to.

99 Mr Sreenivasan did not specifically pursue this argument in the oral
hearing before us. Nor, indeed, was it an argument that Dr Jen raised in his
closing submissions to the DT. However, it is imperative that we consider it
because it was put forward in the written submissions and because it is a
general point of practical significance to the medical profession.

100 We do not think the presence of a signed consent form alone raises a
reasonable doubt in the SMC’s case.

101 We will first address the point about the consent form being blank when
the Patient signed it. The DT did not make a conclusive finding on whether the
consent form here was blank when the Patient signed it. It only noted, without
further elaboration, that the Patient had alleged that she signed a blank form
(GD at [41]).

102 In our view, whether or not the form was blank is not the critical fact in
considering whether informed consent had been obtained. Even if the Patient
signed a blank form, she must have known that the name of the operation would
be filled in later and that her signing it first was only as a matter of
convenience. The Patient was aware that by signing the form she was declaring
that Dr Jen had explained to her the “nature, effect and purpose” of the
operation she was to undergo. The question is what the Patient thought the
operation was – what was she declaring that Dr Jen had explained to her? What
was in her mind when she signed the consent form?

103 Even if the consent form had the words “left oophorectomy” filled in at
the time she signed the form, according to the SMC’s case theory, the Patient
would have thought that this referred to the removal of the mass from her
ovary, because, as mentioned, she did not know what the term “oophorectomy”
meant until Dr Yap explained it to her (see [27] above). Dr Jen cannot merely
point to the consent form as suggesting – and thereby raising a reasonable
doubt in the SMC’s case – that he had explained the required matters about the
removal of the ovary to the Patient. He must establish the underlying premise
of his argument, which is that the Patient knew that the operation she was
going for would involve the removal of her ovary. Only when it is established
that she understood the nature of the operation, would it be logical to place
weight on the consent form that she signed. If the Patient did not understand
the purpose of the operation – if she did not know in the first place that the
operation was to remove her ovary – then her signing on the form, whether
blank or filled in, does not suggest that Dr Jen had explained the required
matters about the removal of the ovary to her. Hence, on the unique facts of
this case, the consent form alone is irrelevant to the analysis unless and
until it is proven that the Patient understood that she was undergoing a left
oophorectomy.

104 We would nevertheless stress that the obligation to obtain informed
consent is rooted in process and not a mere signed piece of paper. Where a
course of medical treatment is to be given or a surgical procedure is to be
performed, the process requires a doctor to explain the required matters. The
signed consent form is the end point of that process. The form is, at best, an
indicator (and no more) that the obligation has been discharged but it is not
conclusive as a defence to a charge of failing to take informed consent.
Whether or not the consent form is a sufficient indicator of informed consent
having been taken, such as to raise a reasonable doubt against a charge of
failing to take informed consent, has ultimately to be considered in the
context of the other evidence.

Whether any other evidence demonstrated that Dr Jen had obtained the Patient’s
informed consent

105 The next issue that has to be considered is whether there was any other
evidence suggesting that Dr Jen had obtained the Patient’s informed consent to
the left oophorectomy.

106 Dr Jen’s overarching argument is that the DT had erred in preferring the
Patient’s evidence over his. He argues that the Patient’s evidence was at odds
with the evidence of other witnesses, including independent witnesses as well
as the contemporaneous documents (including his clinical case notes). He
argues that the Patient’s evidence alone is not sufficient to prove the second
charge beyond a reasonable doubt.

107 We therefore begin by examining the Patient’s evidence. We have summarised
her account of her consultation with Dr Jen at [14]–[16] above. Essentially,
the Patient’s understanding, as she reiterated no fewer than ten times during
her testimony, was that the operation was to “remove the mass from [her]
ovary”. In a similar vein, the DT found that the Patient “thought the [m]ass
was able to be removed from the ovary and she believed her consent for surgery
was to remove the [m]ass only” (GD at [37(a)]). The Patient never thought she
would have an ovary removed. She only found out from Dr Yap some eight months
later that this had in fact happened.

108 The SMC’s case was that the Patient never consented to a left oophorectomy
In other words, the Patient did not know that a left oophorectomy was part of
the surgical procedure she was going for. Agreeing with this, the DT found
that the Patient did not have a proper understanding about the type of
surgical procedure she was going for (GD at [44]–[45]).

109 If it were true that the Patient did not know that she was going for a
left oophorectomy, it would logically follow that Dr Jen had not explained the
required matters for such a procedure. On the other hand, if it is established
that the Patient in fact knew she was going for a left oophorectomy, how would
this assist Dr Jen’s case? It would not show that Dr Jen had explained the
required matters about the left oophorectomy to her; it would only show that
he obtained her consent, not her informed consent. However, it would mean that
the Patient’s credibility would be seriously called into question since she
insisted all along that Dr Jen had never informed her about the left
oophorectomy. That would, in our view, raise a reasonable doubt in the SMC’s
case rendering the conviction on the second charge unsafe. Hence, the crucial
issue is whether the Patient knew that she was going for a left oophorectomy.

110 With this particular issue in mind, we now turn to the evidence that Dr
Jen relies on to establish that the Patient knew she was going for a left
oophorectomy.

(1) Radiologic report by Dr Esther Tan

111 The first piece of evidence is the radiologic report by Dr Esther Tan. We
earlier referred to this report at [9]. Dr Esther Tan observed in her
radiologic report that there was the “suggestion of a septated cystic mass in
the pelvis anterior to the sacrum” which might be “ovarian in origin”. Dr Jen
says this is one of the documents that demonstrates that the Patient was aware
of the procedure she had undergone.

112 With respect, we are doubtful that this document is of any assistance to
Dr Jen. It is not at all apparent how this document would go towards
demonstrating that the Patient knew that she was undergoing a left
oophorectomy. At the time the Patient received Dr Esther Tan’s report, she had
not even consulted Dr Jen regarding the mass in her ovary yet. The possibility
of surgery had not yet been raised. In fact, as far as we can tell from his
written submissions to the SMC at the conclusion of the disciplinary
proceedings, Dr Jen did not seek to rely on this document as evidence that the
Patient’s informed consent had been obtained. That is telling, for it confirms
our view that this document, which was given to the Patient before her
consultation with Dr Jen regarding the mass, is quite irrelevant to the
central question of whether Dr Jen had obtained her informed consent to a
surgical procedure that he had advised.

(2) Case notes

113 The next piece of evidence Dr Jen relies on are his clinical case notes
from the consultation on 30 August 2010. In these notes, Dr Jen had written
the following abbreviated notes: “Mixed echoes Irreg walls, septate +”,
“?Malignant”, “Must prep pat for radical op”, “prob need ov removal”, “open
oophorectomy”, “KIV THSBO if cancer” (AP Tay explained that “THSBO” means
“Total Hysterectomy, Bilateral Salpingo Oophorectomy”) and “explained risks”.
He argues the DT “did not explain why it had chosen to ignore or to reject”
these clinical case notes.

114 The SMC’s response is that the DT had in fact considered these case notes
but, having found that these notes, along with the other medical documentation
Dr Jen had filled in, were “not clear”, “inaccurate”, “illegible”, and
possibly “less than contemporaneous” (see GD at [50]), rightly chose not to
infer from these notes that Dr Jen had adequately explained the left
oophorectomy to the Patient.

115 We think the DT was correct in placing little or no weight on these case
notes. We leave aside the question of whether they were “less than
contemporaneous”. We note that the SMC argued below that Dr Jen had modified
some of his original case notes by adding to them after the operation, but has
not pursued this argument on appeal.

116 In any event, the mere fact that Dr Jen wrote down the procedure he was
going to perform (here, in the case notes) does not necessarily mean that he
had explained the procedure to the Patient. Notations such as “prob need ov
removal” and “open oophorectomy” do not necessarily suggest that Dr Jen had
explained that he might have to perform an oophorectomy on the Patient during
the operation on 31 August 2010. These notes could have meant that, if the
mass were removed and found, upon histological examination, to be malignant,
Dr Jen might then have to prepare the Patient for a “radical op[eration]” that
might result in the removal of the ovary. This would be consistent with the
Patient’s account that Dr Jen had only mentioned the need to remove the mass,
and not the ovary.

117 What might possibly weigh in Dr Jen’s favour might be the phrase
“explained risks”. The DT thought that this phrase was insufficient but did
not explain why – it merely mentioned the presence of this phrase and went on
to state that Dr Jen clearly had not told the Patient about the consequences
of her left ovary being removed (GD at [48]).

118 Notwithstanding the point made in the preceding paragraph, we are of the
view the DT was correct in finding that this single phrase, “explained risks”,
was not sufficient basis from which to infer that Dr Jen had explained to the
Patient that she would undergo a left oophorectomy, much less the required
matters. We say this for two reasons. The first reason requires us to refer to
guideline 4.1.2 of the ECEG. This guideline requires that medical records be
kept in “sufficient detail so that any other doctor reading them would be able
to take over the management of a case”, and that “discussion of treatment
options” and “informed consents” be documented. The DT referred to this at
[39] of the GD. In our judgment, any doctor reading the phrase “explained
risks” would not be able to tell what had already been explained to the
Patient and what had not. It was not even clear what these “risks” pertained
to. Reading the case notes, one might also think they referred to the risks of
removing the mass, or to the risks of not removing the mass.

119 The second reason is that this court has previously found that it is
insufficient for a doctor to record informed consent in a single phrase. In
Low Cze Hong, the doctor in question tried to rely on the phrase in his case
note, “guarded prognosis”, as proof that he had discussed the risks, side
effects, and nature of a medical procedure (a trabulectomy). The court found
that, in the light of Guideline 4.1.2, this “lone phrase” was “woefully
inadequate” (at [83]). It is difficult in this case as well to tell from this
sole phrase, “explained risks”, that Dr Jen had explained the risks of the
“left oophorectomy” to the Patient. The presence of this phrase alone,
therefore, does not persuade us that the DT’s conviction on the second charge
might be unsafe.

(3) Admission letter to MAH/Nurse Yip’s evidence

120 Next, we turn to the admission letter and the evidence of Nurse Yip who
explained that letter to the Patient. After the Patient had decided to undergo
surgery, Dr Jen’s clinic gave her a letter to produce to MAH when she was
admitted. The material parts of the letter are as follows (the “(L)” here
representing the letter “L” with a circle around it):

HISTORY: Allergic to Aspirin, Ponstan, Synflex

OPERATION: For Lap (L) Oophorectomy on 31/8/10 at 330pm

DIAGNOSIS: ? (L) ov. ov mass

ANAESTHETIST: Dr KW Chin

It is undisputed that the operation is “laparoscopic left oophorectomy” and
the diagnosis is “left ovarian mass”.

121 The Patient recalled that Nurse Yip had asked her whether she was allergic
to the three drugs mentioned above, and did mention the name of the
anaesthetist. However, she denied that Nurse Yip had told her that the
operation was a left oophorectomy and that her left ovary might be removed, as
well as that the diagnosis was a left ovarian mass. The Patient did, however,
remember Nurse Yip mentioning that she – the Patient – had a “mass in [her]
ovary”.

122 Nurse Yip herself could not recall what exactly she told the Patient on 30
August 2010. Nurse Yip had no recollection of the Patient at all. She could
only assume, looking at the admission letter, that she would have, as was her
practice, told the Patient about the nature of the operation. She testified
that she would have told the Patient that she was going for a left
oophorectomy, and that this meant the “removal of the ovary”.

123 The DT placed no weight on her testimony because she could not recall what
precisely she had explained to the Patient and her husband in relation to the
admission letter (GD at [50]). We do not think the DT acted unreasonably in
arriving at this particular conclusion. We think that Nurse Yip’s evidence is
equivocal since she could not recall what precisely she had said and was only
assuming that she would have explained the left oophorectomy to the Patient.

(4) MAH documentation and oral testimony of MAH staff

124 We now come to the evidence from MAH – this takes the form of documentary
records and the oral testimony of the staff whom Dr Jen called to testify in
his defence.

125 Dr Jen relies on the following documents from MAH as demonstrating that
the Patient must have been aware that she was proceeding for a left
oophorectomy.

(a) In a document titled “Anaesthetic Record”, the words “(L) oophorectomy”
are filed in next to “Operation”.

(b) In a document titled “Nursing Documentation”, containing a table allowing
nurses to record the “Event” and corresponding “Intervention”, the word
“procedure” appears under the “Event” column and next to it, under the
“Intervention” column, are the words “consent up”. We also note that at the
top of this document, the Patient’s “Diagnosis” is stated as “Left ovarian
mass for Left open oophorectomy”.

(c) In the consent form, the words “open left oophorectomy” are written. We
have already mentioned this.

(d) In a document titled “Operation Record”, Dr Jen wrote that the operation
he had performed was: “(R) Oophorectomy” and “(L) cystectomy”. What was
actually performed was a left oophorectomy and a right cystectomy instead.

(e) In a document titled “Inpatient Discharge Summary” the diagnosis is stated
as “Bilat[eral] ov[arian] tumour” and the procedures undertaken are stated as
“1. (L) oophorectomy” and “2. (R) cystectomy”.

126 The relevant oral testimony of the MAH staff is as follows:

(a) Dr Chin testified that he could not remember the Patient, much less what
exactly he had told her. He could only assume that because he had written
“left oophorectomy” in his Anaesthetic Record, he must have asked the Patient
what surgery she was going for. He would also have, he assumed, told the
Patient that “left oophorectomy” meant “a removal of her left ovary”, and that
this surgical procedure had to be done because of the left ovarian cyst.

(b) When asked about Dr Chin, all that the Patient recalled was that he had
asked her what operation she was going for and she replied that the operation
was to remove the mass from her ovary.

(c) Nurse Chan and Nurse Roslinda testified that they did not personally
attend to the Patient on the day of the operation itself. Nurse Roslinda did
testify that it was standard practice to show the consent form to a patient to
ensure that the signature belonged to her, and to read out the procedure to
the Patient. But, as she was not personally attending to the Patient, she
could not know for a fact that the Patient in this case had been told these
things.

(d) When asked about this, the Patient recalled a nurse – she did not say
which one – asking her if she was aware what surgery she was going for, and
the Patient’s reply was that, as explained by Dr Jen, she was there to remove
the mass from her ovary.

127 We are of the view that the evidence from MAH does not assist Dr Jen’s
case. It may be true that all this documentation “showed that the entire
healthcare team was aware of the treatment to be undergone by the Patient”, as
Dr Jen submits. But what the healthcare team knew is one thing; what the
Patient knew is another altogether. As for the multiple references to
“oophorectomy” in the documentation, there is no evidence that the Patient had
seen any of this documentation prior to the surgery and would thus have had
her attention drawn to the word “oophorectomy”. In so far as the evidence of
the witnesses such as Dr Chin, Nurse Chan and Nurse Roslinda is concerned,
since they were not testifying based on their recollection of events, but
based on what they thought must have happened, we are of the view that it was
not unreasonable for the DT to regard their evidence as shedding no light on
whether the Patient knew, in fact, what surgical procedure she was going for.

128 In the final analysis, what is most critical is the testimony of Dr Jen as
weighed against that of the Patient. It is to Dr Jen’s testimony that we
therefore now turn.

(5) Oral testimony of Dr Jen as against that of the Patient

129 In the appellant’s note, Mr Sreenivasan relies on the following excerpts
from Dr Jen’s testimony as proof that he had explained a left oophorectomy to
the Patient:

(a) On 30 August 2010, Dr Jen had already received a “verbal consent” from the
Patient and subsequently ran through the consent form again with her in the
operating theatre.

(b) On 31 August 2010, before the surgery, Dr Jen had asked the Patient
whether she understood the consent form. She replied in the affirmative. He
claims that he used the term “oophorectomy” and that the Patient had no issues
in understanding that term.

(c) Inside the waiting area of the operating theatre, Dr Jen told the Patient
that “her whole ovary on that side may be removed and the final decision of
course depend[ed] on exactly what happen[ed] during the surgery”. He said that
it was “most likely” he would be removing the mass; which “could be the ovary,
but … could be also something else”. The Patient’s response, according to Dr
Jen, was that she “looked at [him] and looked like she understood”. In a later
part of the cross-examination, Dr Jen said that he had asked whether the
Patient “understood the procedure and the procedure in this case was the
possible removal of her ovary”.

130 We will deal with these points shortly. However, we would first point out
that Dr Jen has not addressed what in our view are three critical findings
made by the DT.

131 First, the DT noted the fact that “the Patient probably did not understand
that the [m]ass and the ovary were one and referred to the same thing” (GD at
[44]). This was an admission made by Dr Jen and it is absolutely critical. He
made it when asked to comment on AP Tay’s assessment that he had not done any
differential diagnosis. He, in effect, let slip the fact that the Patient
might not have fully appreciated that a removal of the mass would involve a
removal of her ovary as well. In his words: “She … for sure knows that some
part of her ovary was removed, maybe she didn’t understand that the mass and
the ovary are one on the same thing” [emphasis added]. He continued, as
follows:

I think that’s probably the most likely thing, that the mass and the ovary are
one and the same thing, and that the mass was removed, the ovary had been
stretched so that it just becomes the covering. So that whatever ovarian
tissue was left, it just became the capsule of the mass. So maybe she may not
understand that, but… when she herself said that Dr Jen removed the ovarian
mass, I’m not very sure in her mind, what she understands… I think…they felt
that the ovary was one part, and … it was completely… two different parts of
one mass. One part is the ovary, one part is the mass. So I suspect that’s her
… understanding. [emphasis added]

132  Implicit in this is the fact that Dr Jen might not have fully explained
the purpose of an oophorectomy to her. This also coheres with what the Patient
said she had understood – she always thought what was being removed was a mass
in her ovary and not the ovary itself. The DT found that the lack of proper
understanding of the procedure by the Patient, a fact effectively conceded by
Dr Jen, in itself demonstrates that he had not adequately explained the
oophorectomy to her.

133 The second point the DT placed emphasis on was that, when queried by the
DT what the consequences of the removal of the Patient’s ovary would be, Dr
Jen claimed to have informed the Patient and her husband that there would be a
reduction in their fertility and claimed that their response to this
information was that they were more concerned about the Patient’s pain and the
cancer. The DT found this seeming disinterest about the reduction in fertility
by the Patient at odds with her initial concern for her infertility and
inability to conceive, and her refusal to accept a 0.1% risk of error by the
pathologist’s frozen section report that would cause Dr Jen to remove some
parts of her reproductive organs (GD at [48]).

134 In our view, this finding significantly undermines Dr Jen’s claim that he
informed the Patient that she would need to undergo a left oophorectomy. As a
matter of logic, it is not likely that Dr Jen could have suggested a left
oophorectomy to the Patient without her reacting strongly. Dr Jen claims to
have explained to her that he would “remove whatever looked abnormal, and this
could mean the removal of [the] entire left ovary, if the ovary looked
abnormal”. However, Dr Jen had also said that the Patient was “fearful that
her reproductive organs would be removed”, and that was why she did not want
to have a pathologist during the operation to test the mass to determine
whether the ovary should be removed. There was, in this regard, a 0.1% chance
that the pathologist could make a wrong assessment. It is difficult to believe
that, having rejected the option of having the pathologist on hand to confirm
(to 99.9% accuracy) if the mass was malignant and thus resulting in the
removal of the ovary, the Patient would be comfortable with letting Dr Jen
decide whether to remove the ovary based solely on his own observation – in
other words, that she would be comfortable to “leave it to [him] to decide the
extent of the ovarian tissue to remove” even if it meant, in his words, that
“[if] there [was] any risk that … there is cancer, [he] would just have to
remove the whole thing”. It was more likely that Dr Jen did not explain that
he might have had to remove the left ovary. That would be the only logical
reason why the Patient would have agreed to the operation.

135 The third critical point we wish to highlight is the DT’s finding that the
Patient was not aware that Dr Jen had surgically removed her left ovary until
Dr Yap had informed her of this approximately eight months after the surgery
(GD at [42]). The Patient was shocked at Dr Yap’s explanation that her ovary
had been removed. Her reaction was attested to by Dr Yap in the account of the
consultation which he independently provided to the SMC as part of its
investigations (see [27] above). Dr Jen has been unable to give any
explanation for this reaction by the Patient.

136 The truth, it appears, is that the Patient only wanted to remove the mass
and have it sent for testing. If it were found to be malignant, she would then
decide whether or not to remove the ovary or any further part of her
reproductive system. Dr Jen assumed that the Patient would be agreeable to
having the ovary removed if the mass was such as to fill up the entire left
ovary. But he had not made it sufficiently clear to the Patient that this was
one possible surgical option that he might have to undertake.

137 At this juncture, we return to the evidence raised by Dr Jen. We note that
most of it pertained to what he said to the Patient in the operating theatre.

138 It would have been too late to obtain informed consent in the waiting area
of the operating theatre. This principle was established in the SMC’s
Disciplinary Inquiry against Dr ABK (“ABK’s case”), which decision was
affirmed on appeal to the High Court. The tribunal in that case rejected the
doctor’s submission that informed consent had been obtained just moments
before the surgical procedure. It accepted that, in theory, patients had a
right to choose not to undergo a procedure at the last minute, but found that,
in reality, by the time the patient in question turned up at the hospital, he
would not have been “in any frame of mind to receive and evaluate any advice
that may be rendered to him on the risks and treatment options” (at [40]). To
be sure, Dr Jen is not saying that he first explained the procedure just
before the operation; his case is that he wanted to “confirm with her” that
she had consented to the procedure. Still, ABK’s case illustrates the
principle that any further explanation he might have given right on the cusp
of the oophorectomy would have been immaterial to the crucial question of
whether he had fulfilled his duty to obtain the Patient’s informed consent
before she was admitted for surgery.

139 Looking at matters in the round, we accept the SMC’s case that the Patient
was under the impression that the operation was only to remove the mass from
her ovary. It was that operation to which she had consented and which she was
declaring that Dr Jen had explained to her. On the whole, we find Dr Jen’s
version of the events implausible and that he has failed to raise a reasonable
doubt in the SMC’s case that he had failed to obtain informed consent.

Whether there was an intentional departure from the applicable standard of
conduct

140 We now turn to deal with Dr Jen’s final argument: that the DT did not make
any findings to demonstrate that his failure to obtain informed consent was an
intentional departure from the applicable standard of conduct – in this case,
Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG. In fairness to Dr Jen, the DT did not expressly
explain in its GD just why Dr Jen’s failure to obtain informed consent was an
intentional and deliberate departure from the acceptable standards. It simply
found that Dr Jen breached Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG and this constituted an
intentional and deliberate departure. The issue before us is whether that
finding is indeed supported by the objective evidence.

141  In this last-mentioned regard, we are of the view that the DT was correct
in making the finding it did. If a doctor knows of the applicable standard of
conduct but chooses not to comply with it, such non-compliance is an
intentional and deliberate departure from the applicable standard. In
particular, if the applicable standard of conduct is found in the ECEG, then,
as this court held in Wong Him Choon at [82], there is a “strong presumption”
that the relevant doctor has knowledge of the matters contained therein. This
presumption is rooted in the fact that the Guidelines represent the
“fundamental tenets of conduct and behaviour expected of doctors practising in
Singapore”; they are the “minimum standards required of all practitioners”
(see para 1 of the ECEG). The DT was congisant of the fundamental importance
of the ECEG; it made reference to our decision in Wong Him Choon at [40] of
that GD.

142 In Wong Him Choon, the applicable standard of conduct that was engaged was
Guideline 4.1.1.1 of the ECEG, which dealt with a doctor’s duty to provide
medical care only after an adequate assessment of a patient’s condition
through good history-taking and appropriate clinical examination. This court
found that the doctor had been guilty of international and deliberate
departure from this standard because he had “certified the Patient fit for
light duties without first establishing the availability of such duties and
with the knowledge that he was required to establish the same” (at [83],
emphasis in original); the doctor knew it was “incumbent” on him to ascertain
if there were light duties available, yet he certified the Patient for such
duties – this was therefore an intentional and deliberate departure from the
applicable standard on his part (at [85]).

143 In this regard, counsel for the SMC, Mr Edmund Kronenburg (“Mr
Kronenburg”), submitted during the hearing before us that, since Dr Jen had
not obtained informed consent despite knowing full well that he had to comply
with Guideline 4.2.2 of the ECEG, the natural inference must be that he chose
deliberately to depart from that standard.

144 We agree. It cannot be disputed that Dr Jen knew the applicable standard.
He admitted, in response to questions from both Mr Kronenburg (who prosecuted
the SMC’s case below) and from the Chairman of the DT, that he was aware of
Guideline 4.2.2. The DT emphasised this at [50] of its GD. Yet, despite
knowing it was incumbent on him to obtain the Patient’s informed consent, Dr
Jen did not explain the left oophorectomy to her and therefore did not obtain
her informed consent to the procedure. By analogy with Wong Him Choon, Dr
Jen’s knowing non-compliance with the ECEG was an intentional and deliberate
departure from the applicable standard expected of him.

Conclusion on the second charge

145 In the premises, we see no basis for interfering with the DT’s conviction
on the second charge. We therefore uphold the conviction.

Postscript

146 By way of a postscript, we would add that after an initial draft of this
judgment had been prepared, this court released its judgment in Lam Kwok Tai
Leslie v Singapore Medical Council [2017] SGHC 260 (“Leslie Lam”), in which it
set aside the conviction of the doctor in question on a charge of failing to
obtain a patient’s informed consent to an invasive coronary procedure. It is
quite apparent that the parties in the present case did not have the
opportunity to address on the relevance of that case to the present appeal and
so we have not relied on it in the course of reaching our decision on the
second charge. Nevertheless, we wish to dispel any suggestion that the
decision in Leslie Lam would have given us reason to revisit or reconsider the
decision we had arrived at in this case.

147 In Leslie Lam, this court set aside the conviction of the doctor on a
charge of failing to obtain informed consent. This was primarily because, in
the court’s view, the DT in that case had placed undue emphasis and weight on
the fact that the taking of consent had not been recorded in the doctor’s
contemporaneous clinical notes and had treated the lack of documentation as
virtually determinative. The DT in that case failed to consider or give
sufficient weight to all the other pieces of evidence, such as the doctor’s
unchallenged testimony regarding his consistent practice, the patient’s
credibility (given that the patient’s testimony on two other charges had been
rejected by the DT), and the patient’s obvious knowledge about the salient
risks and complications surrounding the procedure (given that he had undergone
the exact same procedure a few years before the events of the case occurred).

148 We do not think the DT here could be said, in any way, to have committed
the same kind of error. The lack of contemporaneous evidence that Dr Jen had
obtained the Patient’s informed consent was one factor that the DT took into
account (see [91(a)] above), but it was not treated as virtually
determinative. The DT went on to weigh that factor together with the rest of
the evidence. This included, among other things, the documents that Dr Jen
sought to rely on, the Patient’s lack of understanding about what a left
oophorectomy was until she was informed on this by Dr Yap, Dr Jen’s admissions
that the Patient might not have understood that a removal of the mass might
also require a removal of the ovary, and the implausibility of the Patient
agreeing to undergo a left oophorectomy when she had expressed concern and
reluctance to have any part of her reproductive system removed. The conviction
of Dr Jen on the second charge did not rest solely on the absence of
contemporaneous documentation showing that he had obtained informed consent.
Rather, all the evidence, when considered in the round, led the DT to conclude
that the second charge against Dr Jen had been proven beyond a reasonable
doubt. That is a conclusion which we have found no basis to disturb.

149 We also note that Leslie Lam involved an allegation of a rather different
nature. In Leslie Lam, there was no dispute that the patient was told that he
would be undergoing a procedure known as a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
The complaint was that he had not been adequately advised of the benefits,
risks and possible complications of the procedure. In the present case, the
Patient’s complaint was that she had not been informed that she was undergoing
a left oophorectomy at all, which we have accepted as true. Therefore, it
follows that the attendant benefits, risks and complications in relation to
that procedure (ie, the required matters) would not have been explained to
her.

150 With that, we turn to the question of the appropriate sentence in this
case.

Decision on sentence

151 Dr Jen submits that the sentence of eight months’ suspension and a $10,000
fine was manifestly excessive and urges this court to impose a sentence of
four months’ suspension and a $25,000 fine. The SMC, on the other hand, urges
this court to uphold the sentence below.

152 Dr Jen’s principal arguments are as follows:

(a) There are no significant aggravating factors in this case.

(b) The usual sentence imposed in cases involving serious negligence and
failing to adequately evaluate a patient is a term of suspension of four
months.

(c) The term of suspension should be reduced on account of the inordinate
delay in the SMC’s prosecution of this case, which caused Dr Jen anxiety and
distress. In this regard, Dr Jen relies on this court’s recent decision in Ang
Peng Tiam v Singapore Medical Council [2017] SGHC 143 (“Ang Peng Tiam”), which
was released after the DT’s decision, in which the term of suspension imposed
on the doctor was halved from 16 months to eight months on account of a four-
and-a-half year delay between the time the complaint had been made and the
time the Notice of Inquiry had been sent to the doctor.

153 The SMC’s response was, broadly speaking, as follows:

(a) There are significant aggravating factors in this case, namely, Dr Jen’s
egregious lack of care for the Patient’s well-being and his lack of remorse.

(b) Not only are the precedents cited by Dr Jen distinguishable, this court
has, in a number of recent appeals from SMC disciplinary proceedings,
expressed the view that there may be a need to recalibrate sentences upwards.

(c) The delay was, as Mr Kronenburg explained in the hearing before us, not
inordinate because counsel for SMC required time to (i) seek clarifications
from the complaints committee on the gravamen of the charges, and (ii) review
the relevant case law in order to decide how best to frame the charges against
Dr Jen. Furthermore, any delay in prosecution should not be counted again in
Dr Jen’s favour because, in the proceedings below, the SMC had already been
asked to take delay into account in arriving at the appropriate sentence (GD
at [51]). Finally, and in any event, Mr Kronenburg suggested that the
seriousness of Dr Jen’s infractions, as disclosed in both charges against him,
would have warranted a far longer term of suspension than the SMC had imposed;
Mr Kronenburg proposed a suspension of 16 months. Any reduction on account of
the delay in prosecution should not, therefore, provide any reason for a
downward adjustment of the eight-month suspension that the DT had imposed.

Sentencing Precedents

154 Let us commence by dealing with the relevant precedents since that
constitutes a convenient starting-point from which to review the DT’s
decision.

155 The DT reviewed five precedents. Two concerned the failure to adequately
evaluate the patient’s medical condition and three concerned the failure to
obtain informed consent. None of the precedents involved both types of
professional misconduct. This makes them of somewhat limited value. After all,
any comparison with sentencing precedents must be on the basis that the facts
and circumstances as a whole are truly comparable (as this court stressed in
Yong Thiam Look Peter v Singapore Medical Council [2017] 4 SLR 66 at [17]).

156 Nonetheless, to the extent the precedents are relevant, they demonstrate
that the term of suspension that should be imposed on Dr Jen should be
significantly in excess of three months.

157 We start by reviewing two of the five cases relied on by the DT. These
concerned charges for the failure to adequately evaluate the patient’s medical
condition.

(a) In Dr AAD’s case (2008), Dr AAD was given a three-month suspension for
failing to refer the infant patient to a consultant paediatric ophthalmologist
in a timely and expeditious manner. The Disciplinary Committee there
emphasised that, in choosing not to refer the infant, Dr AAD had “ignored
several clinical features of great significance”, in particular, the low birth
weight of the infant, choosing instead to base his assessment on the
gestational age of the infant (the assessment of which was erroneous). The DT
in the present case considered that there was a parallel between the
inadequate assessment conducted by Dr AAD and that conducted by Dr Jen, the
latter having chosen to base his assessment of the mass’s malignancy largely
on the assumed link with sciatica, whilst ignoring other clinical features
such as the Patient’s age, pre-menopausal status and the Clomid medication she
was on. We note that, unlike Dr Jen, Dr AAD only faced a single charge whereas
Dr Jen faced two charges. Thus, Dr Jen’s sentence should be significantly
higher than the three-month suspension that Dr AAD had received.

(b) In Dr AAX’s case (2009), Dr AAX was given a three-month suspension for a
charge of failing to conduct an adequate evaluation and investigation of the
patient’s lymphoma, as well as a charge of failing to properly manage a
Hepatitis-B infection that the patient developed during the course of
treatment. The DT here considered the first charge in that case analogous to
Dr Jen’s first charge: Dr AAX had failed to screen his patient for Hepatitis-B
despite significant medical literature urging such testing; Dr Jen had
similarly failed to apply any malignancy guidelines although there were a
number of such guidelines he could have chosen from, including the well-
accepted RMI. In our view, this demonstrated a lack of medical knowledge. Dr
Jen’s case is more severe than Dr AAX’s because the latter had pleaded guilty.
Thus, Dr Jen’s sentence should be significantly higher than the three-month
suspension that Dr AAX received.

158 We turn now to the remaining three cases, which concerned the failure to
obtain informed consent.

(a) In Dr ABK’s case (2010), Dr ABK was found guilty of a single charge of
failing to obtain his patient’s informed consent to a staple
haemorrhoidectomy. There are three similarities with Dr Jen’s case: there was
only a short period of time between the consultation (10 July) and the
surgical procedure (13 July); like Dr Jen, Dr ABK did not record in his case
notes any discussion of treatment options, or provision of advice on the
nature of the stapled haemorrhoidectomy; and like Dr Jen, Dr ABK relied
heavily on what he had explained to the patient on the day of the procedure
itself. The Disciplinary Committee there found that Dr ABK had breached the
spirit of the consent-taking guidelines. Noting that consent-taking is a
pillar of the doctor-patient relationship, the Disciplinary Committee
considered that a deterrent sentence needed to be imposed to uphold the
standards of the medical profession. These observations are germane to Dr
Jen’s case. Thus, given that Dr ABK was given a three-month suspension for a
single charge of failing to obtain informed consent (which was affirmed on
appeal), Dr Jen should be given a sentence far higher than that to reflect the
fact that he was convicted of two charges.

(b) In Dr Looi Kok Poh’s case (2014), Dr Looi pleaded guilty and was convicted
of three charges, including a charge of failure to obtain his patient’s
informed consent to a surgical procedure on his right hand and wrist. Dr Looi
received a 12-month suspension and a fine of $10,000. However, we do not find
this case a useful point of comparison given that Dr Looi faced three charges
and that one of the three charges was for the more serious charge of
falsifying the patient’s consent form and there was little discussion
regarding the charge of failure to obtain informed consent. As we mentioned
earlier, the SMC alleged that Dr Jen altered his case notes after the
operation but that did not form the basis of any charge and, in any event, the
DT did not make a conclusive finding on this point. We hence do not regard Dr
Looi’s case as instructive on the question of the appropriate sentence in this
case.

(c) Dr Gan Keng Seng Eric’s case (2015), in contrast, sits at the lower end of
the spectrum of culpability. Dr Gan pleaded guilty and was convicted of two
charges of failing to obtain informed consent. He was only given a $5,000
fine. The case, in our view, can be distinguished for the lack of aggravating
factors. The Disciplinary Committee held in that case that a fine would only
be appropriate in the absence of any aggravating factors, and, as we will
explain (in the next sub-section regarding aggravating factors), there were
two significant aggravating factors in the present case. The DT here placed
weight on these two aggravating factors in distinguishing Dr Gan’s case (see
GD at [54(e)]). With respect, the DT perhaps went too far in adding a third
factor for distinguishing Dr Gan’s case: it stated that Dr Jen had seen the
Patient on 30 August 2010 “and within 24 hours had persuaded her to undergo a
left oophorectomy” without explaining the risks to her, whereas Dr Gan had not
pushed his patient into undergoing a procedure. We do not think that finding
is justified since the Patient herself admitted that it was she and her
husband who had asked Dr Jen when was the earliest he could perform an
operation to remove the mass. Even so, however, we think the two remaining
factors identified by the DT for the purpose of distinguishing Dr Gan’s case
are sufficient to militate against any suggestion that Dr Jen should,
similarly, receive only a fine.

159 Leaving aside the outliers of Dr Looi’s case and Dr Gan’s case, the three
remaining precedents establish that the minimum period of suspension that Dr
Jen should be facing is three months. But that is the minimum period of
suspension that should be imposed by the Act for a charge of professional
misconduct (see s 53(2)(b)). As we have stated, however, what the relevant
precedents do establish is that a sentence significantly higher than three
months is warranted in the context of the present case. The question that has
to be addressed is how much higher.

Aggravating factors

160 It is relevant now to turn to the two aggravating factors identified by
the SMC in the present case. It was accepted in Wong Him Choon that the
indifference to the welfare of a patient is an aggravating factor (at [105]),
as is the lack of remorse and the attempt to pin the blame on the patient (at
[108]).

161 In so far as the former factor is concerned, the DT found that Dr Jen was
indifferent to the Patient’s welfare because (a) he had advised surgery
without having first evaluated her condition using any acceptable guidelines
and (b) he had removed her ovary even though he knew that she did not want any
part of her womb to be removed because of her fertility concerns (GD at
[54(e)]).

162 Dr Jen argues that he was not indifferent to the Patient’s interests
because there was a risk that the Patient’s mass was malignant. We accept that
the risk of malignancy could not entirely be ruled out. We further accept that
Dr Jen was concerned to address the presence of the mass as seen on the MRI,
and to that extent, he had demonstrated a concern for the Patient’s welfare.
However, as against that, there are number of features of this case which we
find extremely troubling.

163 First, there was a lack of care in the way that Dr Jen addressed the
Patient’s condition. As the DT noted, Dr Jen assessed the mass to be malignant
without applying any malignancy guideline, such as the widely-accepted RMI (GD
at [54(c)]). In fact, Dr Jen admitted that he was not familiar with any
relevant guidelines. The DT noted that his lack of knowledge of such
guidelines, and failure to apply them, demonstrated an “egregious failure in
keeping up to date with medical knowledge and failure to evaluate with
appropriate investigations and with acceptable guidelines in medical practice
before commencing treatment” (GD at [54(c)]. Dr Jen does not challenge this
assessment made by the DT. It is not, we would add, an insignificant
consideration given that this court has emphasised the importance of a
doctor’s “professional responsibility to keep abreast of medical knowledge”
(see Low Cze Hong at [73]).

164 Second, and more importantly, he had never made known to the Patient that
he had removed her ovary. Dr Jen concluded the operation by telling the
Patient that the mass was benign. However, Dr Jen did not update the Patient
to the effect that he had also removed her ovary together with the mass. This
was despite his knowledge that the Patient did not want any part of her
reproductive organs to be removed. Why he did not broach the topic with her
remains unknown. But what is clear is that in effect, he left it to another
gynaecologist to reveal that a core part of the Patient’s reproductive system
had been removed. We have immense difficulty seeing this as the conduct of a
responsible medical practitioner. It demonstrates a grave disregard for the
interests of a patient. We therefore think such conduct calls for a
sufficiently deterrent sentence in this case.

165 As for the second aggravating factor, namely, a lack of remorse, the DT
found that Dr Jen had not shown any remorse and had in fact “callously
suggested that he had improved her fertility” (GD at [54(e)]). We agree that
Dr Jen demonstrated a lack of remorse. This was especially true in relation to
the second charge. His attempt to disclaim his responsibility for ensuring
that the Patient understood the nature of an oophorectomy is telling: in his
letter to the SMC he said that “[i]gnorance of medical terminology is no
longer a valid excuse since these are freely available and explained over the
internet and accessible anywhere and anytime with the use of a mobile
smartphone”. He maintained this position during the inquiry – his counsel
asked the Patient, in cross-examination, if she or her husband had “Google[d]…
the meaning of oophorectomy”. This shows a persistent refusal to acknowledge
that he had the duty to explain the nature of the procedure to the Patient.

166 Having considered the aggravating factors, we will now consider the extent
to which Dr Jen’s sentence should be reduced on account of SMC’s inordinate
delay in the prosecution of his case, before deciding on whether there are any
grounds for disturbing the DT’s sentence in this case.

Inordinate delay

167 We agree with Dr Jen that the sentence should be reduced on account of
SMC’s inordinate delay in prosecuting his case. In a recent decision, Ang Peng
Tiam, this court held (at [115]) that mental anguish, anxiety and distress
suffered by an offender in having a charge hanging over his head during the
period of delay is prejudice that might warrant a reduction in sentence. In
that case, this court was prepared to accept, “as a matter of natural
inference”, that the doctor had suffered anxiety and distress as a result of a
three-year delay between the time the doctor was informed that the complaint
would be referred for a formal inquiry and the time the Notice of Inquiry was
issued (see [10] and [123]). The court also noted that a total of four-and-a-
half years had passed between the SMC receiving the Patient’s complaint and
the time the doctor was issued with the Notice of Inquiry. By the time the DT
delivered its verdict on conviction and sentence, more than five-and-a-half
years had passed since the complaint was lodged. The court imposed a term of
suspension of 16 months but halved it, on account of the inordinate delay, to
eight months (see [128]).

168 Most recently, in Leslie Lam (a decision that, as already mentioned above
at [146], was handed down after an initial draft of this judgment had been
prepared), this court observed (despite setting aside the doctor’s conviction
therein) that the complaint there took about six years to reach the court and
that this appeared, on its face, to be an inordinately long time to dispose of
such a matter (at [84]). The patient in that case had lodged a complaint with
the SMC on 17 August 2011 (see [9]), while the Notice of Inquiry was issued
over four years later.

169 The SMC’s delay in prosecuting Dr Jen’s case is comparable to the delay in
both Ang Peng Tiam and Leslie Lam. Here, the Patient had lodged a complaint on
12 December 2011. The SMC then sent a Notice of Complaint to Dr Jen on 17 July
2012, after which Dr Jen sent his Response to the Notice of Complaint on 2
August 2012. The SMC waited nearly three years thereafter to issue a Notice of
Inquiry – only doing so on 8 July 2015. That is similar to the three-year
delay between the time Dr Ang Peng Tiam was notified that the complaint would
be referred for a formal inquiry and the time the Notice of Inquiry was
issued. Moreover, on the whole, it took about six years for this case to reach
this court (from the date of the Patient’s complaint to the date of the
hearing of this appeal), which is similar to the length of the delay in Leslie
Lam. On the basis of these decisions, we think that the sentence here should
also be reduced on account of inordinate delay.

170 We now turn to the arguments Mr Kronenburg made. First, whilst we
acknowledge some merit in Mr Kronenburg’s explanation about the time it took
to find an expert and the time it might have taken to draft the charges, we
did not think it justified as long as a three-year delay between the date Dr
Jen sent his Response to the Notice of Complaint and the date the Notice of
Inquiry was issued against him. We understand that it may take time to find
and brief an expert witness given that the available pool of potential experts
may be small and not every potential witness may be willing to testify. Still,
we are of the view that a delay of three years is overly lengthy by any
reasonable measure. To place that length of time in context, three years is
the maximum period of suspension that could be imposed on any doctor pursuant
to s 53(2)(c) of the Act. For the avoidance of doubt, we are not stating that
a length of delay of fewer than three years is necessarily tolerable. The
point is that the delay in this case was clearly unacceptable even if one
factored in the time it might reasonably take to prepare the case. Each case
must obviously depend on its precise facts and circumstances.

171 Second, although the DT was asked to take delay into account (see [153(c)]
above), it is not apparent from its GD that the DT considered the inordinate
delay in arriving at the term of suspension it imposed.

Conclusion on sentence

172 Having considered the matter in the round, we think that there is no basis
for disturbing the term of suspension imposed by the DT. We acknowledge that
the appropriate suspension to be imposed on Dr Jen should in principle be
reduced on account of the inordinate delay in the SMC’s prosecution of his
case. However, the appeal is brought by Dr Jen and it is incumbent on him to
establish that the sentence was manifestly excessive or wrong in principle. We
do not think it was even if this is so for slightly different reasons than
those given by the DT. To begin with, we think that the term of suspension
that the DT imposed was on the low side.

173 Further, based on the presence of the peculiar aggravating considerations
we have mentioned, we consider that it would have been justified to impose a
term of suspension of eight months for each charge, with both to run
consecutively, making an aggregate of 16 months’ suspension. On the other
hand, we think the inordinate delay in this case would have warranted halving
that term of suspension, with the result that the term of suspension to be
imposed on Dr Jen would remain at eight months. Both these sentencing
considerations balance each other out, and accordingly, in all the
circumstances, we see no reason to disturb the term of suspension imposed by
the DT. We also see no reason for disturbing the $10,000 fine imposed on Dr
Jen as well as the written undertaking he is required to give.

Conclusion and orders

174 For the reasons given, we uphold the DT’s conviction on both charges.
Further, the orders made by the DT with regard to sentence, as set out at [4]
above, are to stand. Dr Jen’s appeal against his conviction and sentence is
dismissed. The eight-month term of suspension imposed on Dr Jen will commence
one month from the date of this judgment.

175 Unless the parties are able to come to agreement as regards the costs of
this appeal, they are to file, within 14 days, written submissions limited to
seven pages each on the appropriate costs order and the quantum of costs. The
costs orders in the proceedings below are to remain.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

N Sreenivasan SC, Lim Min (Straits Law Practice LLC) (instructed), Charles Lin
and Tracia Lim (Myintsoe & Selvaraj) for the appellant;  
Edmund Jerome Kronenburg, Kevin Ho, Lynette Zheng and Tan Tien Wei (Braddell
Brothers LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

