Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 3

District Court Appeal No 89 of 2016

Between

TRS

… Appellant

And

TRT

… Respondent

judgment

[Family law] — [Custody] — [Access]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Child]

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Matrimonial home]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TRS

  

v

  

TRT

[2017] SGHCF 3

High Court — District Court Appeal No 89 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
23 January 2017; 6 February 2017

27 February 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Husband (‘TRS’) appeals against the orders relating to access,
maintenance and division of matrimonial assets made by the learned District
Judge in TRS v TRT [2016] SGFC 108 on 28 June 2016. Aged 44, the Husband works
as a lecturer in a private educational institute in Singapore. The Wife, aged
43, works as a portfolio marketing manager in India.

2 The parties solemnised their marriage in India on 10 March 2002 and
registered their marriage in Malaysia on 26 March 2002. They have a son (“the
Child”) aged 12, born on 4 July 2004. In March 2007, the Wife and the Child
moved out of the matrimonial home and returned to India, where they have been
residing since. The Husband filed a Writ of Divorce on 19 March 2015, relying
on the fact that the parties had lived apart for a continuous period of at
least 4 years. Interim Judgment was granted on 30 June 2015.

3 The hearing on ancillary matters came before the District Judge on 17 May
and 28 June 2016. I set out the District Judge’s specific orders that the
Husband now appeals:

(a) Telephone access: The Husband to have telephone access twice a week at
10pm Singapore time (7.30pm India time) on fixed days to be agreed by parties.
Both parties shall inform each other 1 day in advance if there is any change
in timing. The Husband shall contact the Child through his grandfather’s
telephone number xxx.

(b) Vacations: The Husband shall be at liberty to bring the child on holiday
in India or in Singapore once a year during the child’s school holidays, for
trips no longer than two weeks in total. The Husband shall bear all the
expenses of such holidays. The Husband shall notify the Wife at least two
months in advance of his intention to do so, and shall provide the itinerary
of the travel plans which shall include the dates of departure and return, the
flight or other transportation details, contact details for the duration of
the holiday, accommodation details and accompanying persons.

(i) the dates of departure and return;

(ii) the flight or other transportation details;

(iii) contact details for the duration of the holiday;

(iv) accommodation details; and

(v) accompanying persons

(c) Maintenance for the child: The Husband shall pay the Wife $580 per month
as maintenance for the child (including school fees and related school
expenses) with effect from 30 June 2016 and thereafter on the last day of the
month. Payment shall be deposited into the Wife’s designated bank account.

(d) Division of the matrimonial home: The Wife’s rights, title and interest in
the matrimonial flat at xxx shall be transferred (otherwise than by way of
sale) to the Husband upon the Husband paying the Wife a sum equivalent to 45%
of the nett market value of the flat. Nett market value shall be the open
market value of the flat less the outstanding mortgage loan. The transfer
shall take place within three months of the date of this order. The Husband
shall take over the outstanding mortgage loan. The Husband shall, within one
month of this order, give the Wife notice as to whether he will be exercising
this option. In the event the transfer does not take place within the period
above, or the Husband gives notice that he does not wish to exercise the
option, the matrimonial flat shall be sold in the open market within 6 months
thereafter. The proceeds of sale shall be utilised to pay the outstanding
mortgage loan and the costs and expenses of sale. The balance thereafter shall
be divided in the proportion 55% to the Husband and 45% to the Wife. The
Husband shall refund his CPF account all monies utilised for the purchase,
including accrued interest, from his own share. The Husband shall have sole
conduct of the sale.

Access orders

4 In relation to the order on telephone access, the Husband claims that
telephone access twice a week through the Child’s grandfather’s telephone
number is too restrictive. This is especially so given that the Child resides
in India, making frequent physical access impractical. Specifically, he
appeals the frequency and manner of access granted by the District Judge.
First, he seeks reasonable non-physical access to the Child in a manner that
can be arranged between him and the Child. Alternatively, if the court is
minded to fix the terms of telephone access, he seeks an order that the
frequency of such telephone access be increased to five times a week. Second,
he contends that such access should not be through the Child’s grandfather’s
telephone number, but instead through the Child’s mobile phone (if the Child
has one) or through the iPad that the Husband has bought the Child.

5 In relation to the Child’s vacations, the Husband contends that he should be
allowed to visit the Child in India or have the Child visit him in Singapore
for a duration of six weeks (four weeks during the May/June period and two
weeks in the December/January period), with notice being given one month in
advance. This would amount to half the duration of the Child’s school
vacation. The Husband submits that this is reasonable as he would not be able
to physically spend time with the Child beyond this, given their separate
locations.

6 In response to the Husband’s arguments, the Wife contends that the Husband
has been absent from the Child’s life for a few years. To require the Child to
now speak to his father five times a week would be uncomfortable for the
Child. Further, the Child has a busy schedule and this amount of telephone
access would compromise on the Child’s time for revision and/or sleep.
Similarly, school activities occur during school vacations and six weeks of
vacation time with the Husband would not only unduly interfere with such
activities, but would again be excessive in light of the strained and distant
relationship that the Husband and Child currently share.

7 I am not persuaded that I ought to vary the District Judge’s orders. It is
clear that the welfare of the child is the paramount consideration here. The
parties do not dispute that the Husband has not seen, or been in contact with,
the Child for at least four years since 2012, and that the Husband and the
Child have been residing in different countries since 2007. While I may accept
that the Husband did not wish for the Child to move to India, it would be
unreasonable for him to expect such a liberal level of access given the lack
of contact between him and the Child. Their relationship needs to be rebuilt
slowly and incrementally. Further, the Wife also acknowledges that the Child
is also entering adolescence and would be able to start making his own
decisions as to how often he wishes to speak to or meet with his father in the
coming years. Thus, at present, telephone access twice a week and two weeks of
vacation time a year would be an appropriate starting point.

Maintenance for the child

8 The District Judge ordered the Husband to pay S$580 per month for the
maintenance of the Child. She accepted the Wife’s evidence that the Child’s
expenses amounted to S$791.55 per month. As the Husband earned approximately
75% of their combined incomes, the District Judge ordered the Husband to pay
S$580 monthly for the maintenance of the Child.

9 In his appeal, the Husband claims first that the Child’s total monthly
expenses are inflated, and second that the Wife’s income is in actuality more
than what she had declared. First, he claims that the child’s average monthly
expenses in India are in the region of S$500 to S$600 at most. However, he has
led no evidence to prove this. I see no reason to disagree with the District
Judge’s orders as to the Child’s expenses. The Wife has been responsible for
the Child’s daily and educational necessities since their move to India, and
the expenses detailed in her first Affidavit of Assets and Means appear to be
reasonable, especially given that the Child is enrolled in an international
school.

10 Second, the Husband contends that the Wife earns more than the amount she
has declared. The Wife produced her most recent income tax statement. This
statement includes performance awards and other components of her annual
income that were not evident from the payslips she had previously relied on.
Despite this, I am not minded to disturb the District Judge’s decision. Taking
into account various deductions that have to be made so as to properly reflect
her monthly take-home salary, the actual difference in the maintenance to be
paid by the Husband is not so substantial as to warrant intervention.

Division of matrimonial assets

11 The District Judge awarded a ratio of 55:45 in favour of the Husband for
the division of the matrimonial home. This was based upon the following ratios
obtained by applying the principles in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ v
ANK”):

| Husband| Wife  
---|---|---  
Ratio of direct contributions| 100%| 0%  
Ratio of indirect contributions | 30%| 70%  
Average percentage contributions(on equal weightage basis)| 65%| 35%  
  
12 The District Judge then adjusted the ratio to 55:45 in the Husband’s
favour, in view of the fact that the Husband has had exclusive occupation of
the matrimonial home since 2007 and the Wife has paid for the Child’s expenses
since then with hardly any contribution from the Husband.

13 The Husband does not challenge the ratio of direct contributions and
indirect contributions, but the weight given to each ratio. Specifically, he
submits that the ratio of direct contributions should be weighted at 70%,
while the ratio of indirect contributions should be weighted at 30%. I found
that his arguments were without merit.

14 First, the Husband claims that this was a short marriage as the parties’
marriage had effectively broken down after five years in 2007 when the Wife
left for India. Further, while the Wife has taken care of the Child since, she
effectively deprived the Husband of an opportunity to contribute to the
Child’s care by moving to India and denying him information regarding the
Child’s education and life. Thus, less weight should be given to her indirect
contributions. I do not accept the Husband’s arguments. Even though the Wife
had moved to India in 2007, from 2007 to 2012, the Husband and Wife kept in
contact. The Husband also states that he visited India on a quarterly basis
and contributed to the Child’s milk and diapers. This discredits both his
claim that the marriage had effectively ended by 2007 and also that he had no
opportunity to contribute to the Child’s life. Further, it is undisputed that
he has not contacted the Child in the past few years, even though it is not
alleged that the Wife has been intentionally keeping the Child out of contact.

15 Second, the Husband argues that he did not have rent-free occupation of the
matrimonial home as set out in s 112(2)(f) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353,
2009 Rev Ed) as his occupation was not “to the exclusion of the other party”,
ie the Wife. He maintains that he had never chased her away from or refused
her entry to the flat. Thus, this cannot be considered as a factor in the
division of matrimonial assets. However, rent-free occupation, in its plain
and ordinary meaning, means that one party occupies it to the exclusion of any
benefit to the other. Importantly, such exclusion does not have to be forced.
The only question is whether or not the Husband did in fact occupy the
matrimonial home exclusively from 2007 to the present, and the answer appears
to be yes. The Husband also does not dispute that he had rented out the
matrimonial home for a few months. If the Wife had been returning to the
matrimonial home as often as he alleges, and had been welcome to do so, the
Husband would not have rented out the home. He would have at the very least
sought the Wife’s consent before doing so. The District Judge hence rightly
took this factor into consideration.

16 Third, the Husband claims that the fact that he had not paid maintenance
for the Child since 2007 is not one of the considerations to be taken into
account under s 112 of the Women’s Charter. It is however express from s
112(2)(d) that the “extent of contributions made by each party to the welfare
of the family, including… caring for the family” can be considered. This thus
includes the lack of contribution by the Husband. Further, the Wife correctly
points out that the factors under s 112(2) are not exhaustive: NK v NL [2007]
3 SLR(R) 743 at [20], and it was open to the District Judge to consider what
was just and equitable in all the circumstances in the case.

17 Fourth, the Husband claims that even if the District Judge had wanted to
account for the Husband’s rent-free occupation and lack of maintenance
provided to the Child, this should have been done by adjusting the ratio of
indirect contributions, as opposed to simply adjusting the final ratio to
55:45 in favour of the Husband. He submits that such an adjustment is akin to
the “uplift” methodology that had been cautioned against by the Court of
Appeal in ANJ v ANK at [19]. Adjusting the Wife’s contributions upwards by 10%
effectively results in a 20% disparity between the two parties, giving the
Wife double credit. Adjusting the final ratio instead of the ratio of indirect
contributions also overvalues the Wife’s contributions.

18 I do not think that there was any error by the District Judge in making an
adjustment to the final ratio in order to take the Husband’s rent-free
occupation into account. Rent-free occupation of the matrimonial home by one
party does not fit into the dichotomy of direct and indirect contributions.
The Court of Appeal in ANJ v ANK at [28] held that further adjustments for
such factors may be required for a just and equitable result:

The above principles are germane to the general run of matrimonial cases where
the parties’ direct and indirect contributions are the only two factors
engaged under s 112 (ie, s 112(2)(a) and (d)) when the court’s powers to
divide matrimonial assets are called upon. We are mindful that there remains a
number of other factors under s 112, including the… period of rent-free
occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party in the matrimonial home to
the exclusion of the other party… Insofar as the remaining factors become
relevant for consideration in the appropriate case, the court is well-advised
to make adjustments as it deems necessary to the principles stated in this
judgment for the purposes of reaching a just and equitable result on the facts
before it.

19 However, the lack of maintenance for the Child is better understood in the
context of indirect contributions. As mentioned earlier, the Wife’s
responsibility for the costs of caring for the Child, and the Husband’s
corresponding lack thereof, fall within s 112(2)(d) of the Women’s Charter,
recognised in ANJ v ANK as concerning indirect contributions. Despite this, I
find that the District Judge’s final ratio of 55:45 in the Husband’s favour is
a fair reflection of the parties’ contributions over the course of their
marriage. The Wife has been almost entirely responsible for the daily
necessities of the Child for close to a decade. Given that both parties were
living separately, this would have been the most financially demanding part of
the marriage. Thus, I do not think the Wife’s contributions had been
overvalued. The decision below should be left undisturbed.

20 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the appeal.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Kanthosamy Rajendran and Subash s/o Rengasamy (Relianze Law Corporation) for
the appellant;  
Michelle Ng and Sharanjit Kaur (KhattarWong LLP) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

