Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 242

Originating Summons No 396 of 2017

In the matter of section 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed)

And

In the matter of HC/OS 557/2015 and HC/ORC 7115/2015 dated 26 October 2015

Between

1L30G PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

EQ INSURANCE COMPANY LTD

… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Interpretation]

[Contract] — [Postal rule]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
1L30G Pte Ltd

  

v

  

EQ Insurance Company Ltd

[2017] SGHC 242

High Court — Originating Summons No 396 of 2017  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
5 May 2017

2 October 2017

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 In originating summons no 557 of 2015 (“OS 557”), the court declared on 26
October 2015 that the plaintiff had made a valid demand on performance bond no
DBPFHQ11-000851 dated 9 February 2012 (“the Bond”) issued by the defendant.
Following from that, on 29 October 2015 the defendant paid the plaintiff the
sum of $361,200 pursuant to the demand on the Bond.

2 On 19 January 2017, the plaintiff made a second demand on the Bond for the
sum of $158,800. The defendant’s solicitors replied on 24 March 2017 stating
that the defendant would not pay the $158,800 demanded. The letter added that
the Bond had expired on 26 October 2014, prior to the first demand which was
made on 24 February 2015. The defendant’s solicitors requested a refund of the
$361,200 that had been paid to the plaintiff on 29 October 2015.

3 In this originating summons, the plaintiff sought a declaration that the
defendant is not entitled to be repaid the sum of $361,200, as well as an
order that the defendant pays the plaintiff the sum of $158,800 pursuant to
the second demand of 19 January 2017.

4 After hearing submissions of counsel for the parties, I agreed with the
plaintiff and ruled that the defendant was not entitled to repayment of the
sum that it had paid to the plaintiff following OS 557. I also ordered the
defendant to pay the plaintiff $158,800 pursuant to the second demand. I now
give my reasons.

Issues

5 The matter turns on a single issue: whether the Bond had expired by the time
the first call was made on 24 February 2015. The Bond was expressed to be
valid from 13 December 2011 until 26 October 2014, with the proviso that it
would automatically be extended for successive periods of 180 days unless the
defendant gave the plaintiff 90 days’ written notice of its intention not to
extend the Bond (“notice of non-renewal”). The relevant clause, cl 3, provides
as follows:

Our liability under this guarantee shall continue and this guarantee shall
remain in full force and effect from 13th December 2011 until 26th October
2014 provided always that the expiry date of this guarantee and our liability
thereunder shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 180 days
unless we give you 90 days’ written notice prior to the expiry of our
liability of our intention not to extend this guarantee in respect of any
future extension and provided further that you shall be entitled, upon
receiving such notice of our intention (and within the period specified in
Clause 4 hereof), either to:

a. make a claim under this guarantee; or

b. direct us to extend the validity of this guarantee for a further period not
exceeding 180 days (and this guarantee shall then expire at the end of such
further period).

6 The defendant claimed that the Bond had expired because, in accordance with
cl 3, it had sent the plaintiff a letter dated 27 June 2014 which gave notice
of its intention not to extend the Bond beyond the expiry date of 26 October
2014 (“the 27 June letter”). If that letter had been effectively served on the
plaintiff, the Bond would have expired on 26 October 2014. Thus, after that
date, the defendant would no longer be liable to make payment pursuant to any
demand by the plaintiff.

7 On the other hand, the plaintiff claimed that it did not receive the 27 June
letter. It further claimed that the defendant was unable to prove that the
letter had even been sent, much less that it was ever delivered to the
plaintiff.

8 Accordingly, I had to decide whether the evidence showed that the defendant
had sent the 27 June letter and, if so, whether this amounted to giving
written notice of non-renewal under cl 3 of the Bond.

Parties’ submissions

Plaintiff’s submissions

9 Both parties agreed that the Bond would expire within 90 days of the
defendant giving “written notice” of non-renewal under cl 3. However, the
plaintiff’s case was that “written notice” required any letter sent by the
defendant to have been actually received by the plaintiff. In support of this
interpretation of cl 3, the plaintiff relied on the decision of the High Court
in Ho Miaw Ling v Singapore Island Country Club [1997] 1 SLR(R) 640 (“Ho Miaw
Ling”). The issue there was whether the club had served adequate notice to a
club member to delete her name from its register. The club’s rules provided
that a notice by post “shall be deemed to have been duly delivered on the day
following the date of posting” (at [7]). The court distinguished between
delivery and notice. It held that actual communication was required (at [20])
and that “notice must mean effective notice”, not merely “proof of posting”
(at [34]). The plaintiff submitted that cl 3 operated in the same manner.
Similar to the club’s rules in Ho Miaw Ling, the defendant’s rights in cl 3
only accrued when the plaintiff “receiv[ed] such notice of [the defendant’s]
intention”. Hence proof of actual notice was required.

10 The plaintiff further submitted that even if the court could not rely on
the plain wording of the clause and Ho Miaw Ling, the court should still
interpret any ambiguity in cl 3 in favour of the plaintiff. This could be done
on the basis of either the contra proferentem rule, or the principle that
clauses which take away “valuable proprietary, social and other rights” should
be given a strict construction (Lee Seng Choon Ronnie v Singapore Island
Country Club [1993] 1 SLR(R) 557 (“Ronnie Lee”) at [26]). The plaintiff
submitted that while Ronnie Lee also concerned a club’s internal rules, the
principle was one of general application which could apply to this case.
Hence, cl 3 required actual receipt.

11 The plaintiff argued that the Bond had not expired under cl 3 because it
did not receive the 27 June letter. Primarily, the plaintiff relied on its
director’s affidavit evidence, where he stated that the plaintiff did not
receive any such letter. The plaintiff submitted that this was consistent with
the conduct of the defendant and two third parties whom the 27 June letter was
purportedly copied to – Admin Construction Pte Ltd (“Admin”) and AWG Insurance
Brokers Pte Ltd (“AWG”):

(a) The defendant’s SingPost Registered Mail receipt only showed that an item
had been sent to the plaintiff on 27 June 2014. It did not show what that item
was. The defendant could have called Paul Koh, its employee whose email
address was on the Registered Mail receipt, to give evidence, but it did not.

(b) The defendant proffered no good reason as to why it had inadvertently
filed the 27 June letter under another file.

(c) Admin, the party whose performance was guaranteed by the Bond, had filed
for an injunction against the first demand in OS 557 on 5 June 2015. It would
not have done this if it had received the 27 June letter.

(d) The plaintiff emailed AWG on 12 December 2014 to ask if the Bond would be
automatically renewed. By this time AWG would have received the 27 June letter
and would have known that the Bond was terminated. But this was not reflected
in AWG’s reply. This email was also referenced in the affidavit of AWG’s CEO,
Tey Siang Lim (“Tey”), but Tey did not explain why AWG still considered the
Bond valid in December 2014.

(e) The plaintiff emailed AWG’s Jeanet Soriano Real (“Jeanet”) on 22 March
2017 to clarify whether AWG received the 27 June letter. Jeanet was the same
person copied in the 27 June letter as AWG’s representative. AWG did not
reply. Jeanet did not put forth any affidavit evidence explaining the
situation.

12 The plaintiff relied on the above facts as proof that it had not received
the 27 June letter. In the alternative, the plaintiff also submitted that even
if cl 3 only required the defendant to have posted the notice and did not
require the plaintiff to actually receive the notice, the same facts would
also support a finding that the defendant did not even send the 27 June
letter.

Defendant’s submissions

13 The defendant’s case was that the postal rule applied to cl 3. This would
mean that the requirement of “written notice” in cl 3 was satisfied as long as
the defendant could show that it had posted the written notice, regardless of
whether it was actually received.

14 The defendant submitted that the postal rule could be found in the English
cases of Adams v Lindsell (1818) 106 ER 250 and Henthorn v Fraser (1891) H
226. Under this rule, the acceptance (of a contract) is complete as soon as it
is posted if the circumstances are such that it must have been within the
parties’ contemplation that the post may be used to communicate an acceptance
in ordinary usage. This rule was adopted in Singapore by the Straits
Settlement court in Lee Seng Heng and others (trading as Chop Lian Guan & Co)
v The Guardian Assurance Co Ltd [1932] SSLR 110 (“Lee Seng Heng”). In Lee Seng
Heng, the defendant sought to terminate a fire policy which required “notice
to that effect being given to the insured”. The notice was sent but never
reached the plaintiffs because their premises were destroyed by a fire after
the letter was sent. The court held that the policy was rescinded as soon as
the letter was sent.

15 The defendant said that this postal rule applies to cl 3. Clause 3 was
fulfilled on 27 June 2014 since this was the postal date as shown by the
SingPost Registered Mail receipt. In response to the plaintiff’s claim that it
did not receive the letter, the defendant said that this was a “self-serving”
bare assertion with no evidence.

My decision

16 I agreed with the plaintiff and found that the requirement of “written
notice” in cl 3 was not met in this case. Consequently, the defendant did not
validly terminate the Bond. This finding depended on three sub-issues which I
will discuss in turn:

(a) Whether the defendant posted the 27 June letter.

(b) Whether cl 3 only requires the defendant to post the letter, or whether it
requires the plaintiff to have also received the letter.

(c) If cl 3 requires actual receipt, whether the plaintiff actually received
the 27 June letter.

Whether the defendant posted the 27 June letter

17 I found that the defendant did post the 27 June letter on a balance of
probabilities. The defendant’s claims manager, Neo Kim In (“Neo”), deposed on
affidavit that it was brought to his attention that the 27 June letter was
“filed in another file” and that this was “due to inadvertence”. It was “upon
further investigation” that it was “brought to [his] attention” that the 27
June letter was sent by SingPost’s Registered Mail service on the same day.
Both the letter and the Registered Mail receipt were attached as exhibits. No
other affidavit evidence supported the defendant’s claim.

18 The defendant’s affidavit evidence is not entirely satisfactory. Neo was
not the one who wrote, sent, or filed the 27 June letter in another file due
to inadvertence. He also did not explain what this inadvertence was. Neither
could he explain what were the steps taken in further investigation because it
appeared that he was not the one who took these investigative steps. The
evidence also did not speak for itself because the Registered Mail receipt did
not tell me which letter was sent, but only that there was a letter sent by
the defendant to the plaintiff on 27 June 2014. I could not be sure that the
letter referred to in the Registered Mail receipt was the 27 June letter.

19 Fortunately for the defendant, all it needed to show was that the letter
was sent out on a balance of probabilities. I gave some weight to the
Registered Mail receipt. I also noted that it was not the plaintiff’s position
that the defendant had forged the letter or had otherwise fabricated it in bad
faith. All the plaintiff said was that there was no evidence that the
defendant had sent it out. As for the plaintiff’s submissions concerning the
inferences to be drawn from the conduct of the two third parties, AWG and
Admin, these were more apposite to the question of receipt. The reactions of
the third parties can only tell us whether they received the 27 June letter,
and not whether the defendant had sent the letter. Hence, even if I accept
that their reactions show that they did not receive the letter (which I shall
turn to later), this still squares with the defendant’s position that it had
sent the 27 June letter, regardless of whether it was received. Consequently,
given that the defendant’s affidavit evidence was not directly contradicted by
the plaintiff and was supported in part by the Registered Mail receipt, I
found that the defendant did send the letter on a balance of probabilities.

Interpretation of cl 3

20 Since I have found that the defendant did send the letter, the
interpretation of cl 3 becomes material. I reproduce cl 3 here for
convenience:

Our liability under this guarantee shall continue and this guarantee shall
remain in full force and effect from 13th December 2011 until 26th October
2014 provided always that the expiry date of this guarantee and our liability
thereunder shall be automatically extended for successive periods of 180 days
unless we give you 90 days’ written notice prior to the expiry of our
liability of our intention not to extend this guarantee in respect of any
future extension and provided further that you shall be entitled, upon
receiving such notice of our intention (and within the period specified in
Clause 4 hereof), either to:

a. make a claim under this guarantee; or

b. direct us to extend the validity of this guarantee for a further period not
exceeding 180 days (and this guarantee shall then expire at the end of such
further period).

[emphasis added]

The sticking point between the parties was over whether the expiry of the Bond
under cl 3 is triggered upon posting of the letter or upon actual receipt.

Plain meaning of cl 3

21 The starting point in interpreting a contractual clause like this is its
ordinary meaning. Clause 3 is somewhat different in form from a typical
extension clause. The default position is that the Bond will be renewed unless
the defendant “give[s] [the plaintiff] 90 days’ written notice”, as opposed to
a typical extension clause where the party wishing to renew the Bond would
have to give notice of extension. Under the clause, “upon receiving such
notice of [the defendant’s] intention” not to extend, the plaintiff then has
two options: to make a claim or to extend the validity of the Bond for 180
days. In other words, the tenor of cl 3 is that the validity of the Bond is to
continue until the defendant terminates it in writing. It is, in substance, a
termination clause which only the defendant may exercise, even though it is
expressed as an extension clause. However, the effect of any exercise of the
right to terminate is mitigated by the plaintiff’s right to make an immediate
claim on the Bond or to extent the Bond by a final 180 days.

22 The emphasis on “notice” in cl 3 is significant. In Holwell Securities v
Hughes [1974] 1 WLR 155 (“Holwell”), the English Court of Appeal interpreted a
clause which allowed an option to be exercised “by notice in writing to the
intending vendor”. The court held that actual notice was required. Russell LJ,
with whom Buckley LJ agreed, said (at 158):

But the requirement of ‘notice…to’, in my judgment, is language which should
be taken expressly to assert the ordinary situation in law that acceptance
requires to be communicated or notified to the offeror, and is inconsistent
with the theory that acceptance can be constituted by the act of posting …

[emphasis added]

These observations were made in response to counsel’s argument that the postal
acceptance rule applied to displace the general rule under contract law that
acceptance requires actual notification. Russell LJ said that while the postal
acceptance rule was an exception, the specific wording in this case indicated
that the parties wanted the general rule to apply, ie, that acceptance
requires notification. I shall come to the postal acceptance rule later but I
focus here on Holwell’s interpretation of the phrase “notice in writing”.

23 Lawton LJ also made a similar observation (at 160):

In my judgment, the phrase “notice in writing” is of importance in this
context. Conveyancers are familiar with it and frequently use it. It occurs in
many sections of the Law of Property Act 1925 … Should any inference be drawn
from the use of the word “notice”? In my judgment, yes. Its derivation is from
the Latin word for knowing. A notice is a means of making something known … If
a notice is to be of any value it must be an intimation to someone. A notice
which cannot impinge on anyone’s mind is not functioning as such.

Lawton LJ considered significant that the plain meaning of “notice” was to
inform the other party. Although he qualified his statement by saying that
this was especially significant in the conveyancing context, there is no
reason why it should not apply equally to the present context.

24 In the present case, cl 3 provides for termination of the Bond upon the
giving of “90 days’ written notice”. This is similar to the relevant clause in
Holwell. As in Holwell, the plain meaning of “notice” is that the other party
must actually be informed. This interpretation of the word “notice” is also
supported by the language of cl 3 which gives the plaintiff the right to make
a claim or extend the validity of the Bond for a further 180 days “upon
receiving of such notice”. These words are consistent with the plaintiff’s
position that the clause is triggered upon receipt of the notice.

Whether the postal rule applies to cl 3

25 I turn now to the postal rule and its relevance. The defendant urged the
court to interpret cl 3 in harmony with the postal rule, but the plaintiff
submitted that the plain reading of cl 3 was sufficient. In my view, the plain
text of cl 3 does not indicate the parties’ intention that the postal rule
should apply to the giving of notice.

26 As there are few local cases on the postal rule, I first set out its
parameters in some detail (insofar as they are relevant to this decision)
before turning to whether cl 3 should be interpreted as applying the postal
rule. The postal rule originated as a means of determining the point at which
a contract had been formed through the acceptance of an offer. Originally
known as the “postal acceptance rule”, this principle is an exception to the
general common law position that the formation of a contract requires actual
communication of the parties’ offer and acceptance. Instead, in certain
circumstances, the acceptance is deemed to take place at the point of posting
instead of the time of receipt (which is when the acceptance would have been
communicated to the offering party).

27 The reason for this exception is historical; it was established in an era
when it was unclear whether a letter sent by post would ever reach its
destination. It was also difficult to predict when such a letter would reach
its destination, since this was subject to the circumstances surrounding the
postal delivery, eg, the weather. By setting the time of acceptance at the
point of posting, the postal acceptance rule allows the accepting party to
know precisely when the acceptance took place so that he is able to act on his
acceptance (see eg, The Law of Contract in Singapore (Andrew Phang gen ed)
(Academy Publishing, 2012) (“The Law of Contract”) at para 03.128). If the
postal acceptance rule applies and the acceptance is deemed to occur at the
point of posting, then the acceptance is valid even if the acceptance letter
did not actually reach its eventual destination.

28 Yet the postal acceptance rule is a departure from the general common law
position that acceptance should ordinarily be communicated to an offeror. By
affording certainty to the accepting party, the rule also introduces
uncertainty for the offering party. For these reasons, the postal acceptance
rule only applies in circumstances where both parties intend for it to apply.
Such intention may expressed by the authorisation of postage as one of the
means for communicating acceptance (The Law of Contract at para 03.125). This
authorisation by the parties is most commonly seen in the express terms
between the parties, but can also be objectively ascertained from all the
circumstances, including the nature of the contract, the conduct of the
parties, and whether applying the rule would “produce manifest inconvenience
and absurdity” (Holwell at 161). But just as the parties can, by their words
or conduct, intend for the postal acceptance rule to apply, they can equally
intend for the general common law rule of actual notification to apply. In
other words, whether the postal rule applies depends on whether the parties
intended it to do so.

29 There has been some suggestion that whether the postal acceptance rule
applies depends on the nature of the communication, rather than the parties’
intentions. On this view, certain types of communication simply attract the
application of the postal acceptance rule by operation of law. In Chwee Kin
Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594, V K Rajah JC
considered the postal rule in the context of email acceptances. He noted that
it could be argued that the postal acceptance rule should apply in the email
context because email is not instantaneous and therefore is similar to postal
communication in that the sender also loses control of the “route and delivery
time” of the message once it is sent (at [97]-[98]). On the other hand, Rajah
JC also noted that an argument can be made in favour of the recipient rule for
“instantaneous or near instantaneous communications” because they take place
in a relatively short time frame and arrive sooner rather than later in most
instances (at [98]). This may suggest that the applicability of the postal
acceptance rule depends only on whether the communication is instantaneous.

30 In my view, whether the communication is instantaneous is only one relevant
factor to determine if, in all the circumstances, the parties intended for the
postal acceptance rule to apply. In most cases the parties would intend for
the rule to apply where there are many uncertainties between the sending and
receipt of the letter. Hence, a large time delay (arising from non-
instantaneous communication) could be one factor indicating that parties
intended for the postal rule to apply. But this is only one factor to be
considered in inferring the parties’ authorisation (and consequently whether
they intend for the postal acceptance rule to apply). Indeed, this was the
approach taken in Lee Seng Heng, where the Straits Settlement court noted
previous decisions where the courts had “inferred authority of the post as
agent from the distance … between the parties” (at 117). In other words, while
the distance between the parties (and hence whether the communication is
instantaneous) is a factor to consider, the ultimate inquiry is whether the
parties authorised and hence accepted postal communication.

31 Finally, although the phrase “postal acceptance rule” suggests that the
rule is only applicable to the acceptance of a contractual offer, the postal
rule appears to have become one of general application that operates whenever
parties have authorised postal communication. For instance, in Tsu Soo Sin v
Oei Tjiong Bin and another [2009] 1 SLR(R) 529, the Court of Appeal considered
the application of this rule in the context of assignment, although it did not
need to rule on this point to decide the case (at [43]). Similarly in Lee Seng
Heng, which was cited to me by the defendant, the Straits Settlement court
considered the postal rule in the context of the termination of a fire policy.
It held that the postal rule applied and that the policy was rescinded as soon
as the letter was sent. From these cases it can be seen that the postal rule
can potentially apply even outside the context of acceptance of contractual
offers.

32 Applying these principles, the postal rule can potentially apply even
though the present case concerns the termination of the Bond and not the
acceptance of an offer. The real question is whether the parties intended for
the postal rule to apply or whether they intended the general rule (which
requires actual notice) to apply. The defendant did not raise any other
factors supporting the application of the postal rule, apart from a direct
analysis of the contractual language which I have undertaken above (at
[20]-[24]), which indicated (contrary to the defendant’s position) that the
plaintiff must have actual notice of the non-renewal letter in order to be
able to benefit from his entitlements under cl 3.

33 Indeed, the fact that cl 3 concerns termination rather than acceptance,
while not fatal to the postal rule applying, might also indicate that the
parties did not intend the postal rule to apply. In Ho Miaw Ling and Ronnie
Lee, the courts were faced with questions of whether a club had served notice
to its member to delete the member’s name from its register. Neither court
considered the postal rule but directly interpreted the relevant club rules
instead. This suggests to me that outside of acceptance situations, courts
will be slow to find that the parties’ intentions had displaced the general
rule that actual notice is required. I should add that in this day and age,
the postal rule may well be an anachronism, even as the postal system as a
conveyor of written communication (as opposed to physical goods) has become an
anachronism. In order to keep up with the modes of communication in this day
and age, it should be difficult to imply that the parties intend for the
postal rule to apply outside of the narrowly-defined situations where the rule
typically applies.

34 Furthermore, the consequences of interpreting cl 3 in the manner the
defendant proffered also militate against applying the postal rule. Clause 3
vests the plaintiff with the right to respond to a notice of non-renewal in
order to protect its interests. Adopting the postal rule is detrimental to
that right because the plaintiff may not receive the notice until it is too
late to exercise that right – as is clearly manifested in this case. It is
unlikely that the parties intended the postal rule to apply when it sits
uneasily with the proviso in cl 3 which safeguards the plaintiff’s rights when
the defendant gives a notice of non-renewal.

35 Accordingly, I found that the postal rule did not apply to cl 3. Clause 3
is only satisfied when the plaintiff has actually received the notice of non-
renewal whether by letter, fax, email or any other means. If the defendant
chooses to use postal communication, it assumes the risks that are associated
with the post.

Whether the plaintiff actually received the 27 June letter

36 My interpretation of cl 3 means that the plaintiff must have actually
received the 27 June letter in order for the Bond to be validly terminated. I
found that the plaintiff did not receive this letter on a balance of
probabilities.

37 The plaintiff deposed on affidavit (through its director) that it did not
receive the 27 June letter. This position is consistent with the plaintiff’s
conduct throughout the course of the parties’ communications. On 12 December
2014, after the 27 June letter had been sent, the plaintiff wrote to AWG to
ask whether the Bond would be automatically extended and about the number of
successive periods of automatic extension permitted under the Bond. This email
was only sent to AWG and not to the defendant. The plaintiff would not have
bothered to make these inquiries if it had already received the 27 June
letter. Apart from emails to third parties, the plaintiff also sent letters
and emails to the defendant on 24 February 2015, 26 March 2015, and 4 June
2015. The plaintiff mentioned calling on the Bond in all these letters.

38 I also accept the plaintiff’s submission that the conduct of the third
parties (Admin and AWG) was more consistent with them not having received the
27 June letter even though they were purportedly copied in the letter.
Although the evidence of third parties does not directly show that the
plaintiff had not received the 27 June letter, such evidence is useful insofar
as it may suggest that, owing to some fault in the post, the 27 June letter
was not received by any of its recipients.

39 The defendant’s only argument was that the plaintiff adduced no objective
evidence to support its claim that it had not received the 27 June letter (see
above at [15]). However, the defendant did not adduce any evidence to rebut
the plaintiff’s version of events. While I accepted that there is no direct
evidence that the plaintiff did not receive the 27 June letter apart from the
plaintiff’s own affidavit evidence, I found that the plaintiff’s conduct
throughout the correspondence between the parties, coupled with the reaction
of the third parties, was sufficient to corroborate its claim. Accordingly, I
found on a balance of probabilities that the plaintiff had not received the 27
June letter.

Costs

40 The plaintiff asked for costs for a half-day contested OS hearing of
$6,000, based on the Costs Guidelines in the Supreme Court Practice
Directions, and for these costs to be awarded on an indemnity basis. It
submitted that indemnity costs were justified because it sent the defendant an
offer to settle dated 11 April 2017, which offer the defendant did not accept.
The terms of that offer were substantially similar to the order that the
plaintiff sought, save for the issue of costs. It provided that if the offer
to settle was accepted within 14 days then costs would be on a standard basis,
but if it was only accepted after 14 days then costs would be on an indemnity
basis. I granted the orders sought by the plaintiff save for the declaration
(which I explain below at [42]) and, accordingly, I also ordered costs on an
indemnity basis amounting to $8,000 plus disbursements fixed at $943.85
(including GST).

Orders

41 I therefore make the following orders:

(a) The defendant shall pay the plaintiff $158,000 pursuant to the plaintiff’s
demand dated 19 January 2017 on the balance value of the Bond (dated 9
February 2012) issued by the defendant in favour of the plaintiff.

(b) The defendant shall pay the plaintiff interest at 5.33% per annum on the
sum in (a).

(c) The defendant shall pay the plaintiff costs on an indemnity basis for the
sum of $8,000 plus disbursements fixed at $943.85.

42 I have found that the plaintiff is entitled to the balance value of the
Bond under the second demand. I have also rejected the only argument that the
defendant has advanced in relation to the first demand, namely, whether the
Bond was valid. Accordingly, there is no need for the declaration sought by
the plaintiff that the defendant is “not entitled to repayment or to make any
demand, or further demand for repayment” on the sum of $361,200 paid by the
defendant to the plaintiff pursuant to the court’s order in OS 557.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Daniel Tay Yi Ming (Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Phua Cheng Sye Charles (Comlaw LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

