Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 43

Suit No 484 of 2013

Between

Goel Adesh Kumar

… Plaintiff

And

Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd

… Defendant

And

SATS Security Services Pte Ltd

…Third Party

judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Costs]

[Civil Procedure] – [Offer to settle]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Goel Adesh Kumar

  
v

  

Resorts World at Sentosa Pte Ltd

  
(SATS Security Services Pte Ltd, third party)

[2017] SGHC 43

High Court — Suit No 484 of 2013  
Choo Han Teck J  
16 January 2017

9 March 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Mr Goel, the plaintiff, had gone to the defendant’s casino at Resorts World
at Sentosa (“the Casino”) to gamble, and there he picked a quarrel with two
other patrons of the Casino. He was escorted by the Casino’s security staff to
a “cooling-off room” where he was held for several hours before he was
released and escorted out of the Casino. He then sued the Casino for
negligence, assault, battery, and wrongful imprisonment, claiming a total of
$484,196.16 in damages which comprised $60,000 for his injured shoulder,
$15,990.74 for medical expenses, $925 for transport expenses, and $407,280.42
for his loss of earnings. Mr Goel also asked for aggravated damages for the
way he was treated and exemplary damages as a warning that large organisations
should not bully individuals.

2 I found in favour of Mr Goel but apportioned liability against the Casino up
to 80% only because some of the tortious acts were committed by SATS Security
Services Pte Ltd (“SATS”) officers (who were not sued by Mr Goel). I allowed
Mr Goel’s claim for medical and transport expenses as that was not challenged.
The award of damages was made up of —

(a) $4,000 for false imprisonment;

(b) $25,000 for pain and suffering and loss of amenities;

(c) $15,990.74 for pre-trial medical expenses; and

(d) $925 for pre-trial transport expenses.

The Casino’s liability at 80% meant that Mr Goel was awarded $36,732.59 (80%
of $45,915.74). No orders were made against SATS because Mr Goel did not sue
it. Finally, Mr Goel’s claim in negligence against the Casino was dismissed.

3 Mr Goel commenced suit against the Casino on 29 May 2013. The Casino joined
SATS as a third party on 19 November 2013. Approximately a year before the
trial, on 2 July 2014, the Casino and SATS made a joint offer to settle Mr
Goel’s claim at $62,000. Mr Goel rejected this offer. The trial commenced on
30 June 2015 and ended on 3 September 2015 with breaks in between the dates.
On 17 September 2014, the Casino and SATS made a second offer to settle. This
time they offered $100,000 and again Mr Goel rejected this offer. The two
offers to settle were made without prejudice to the action and thus not
disclosed to the court. I delivered judgment on 4 November 2015. The parties
now appear before me on the question of costs.

4 Ordinarily, the party who succeeds will be entitled to costs of the action.
Hence, in the normal case, the Casino will have to pay the costs of Mr Goel’s
claims. In this case, because offers to settle were made to Mr Goel before
judgment, the court may refuse costs to him and, conversely, order costs
against him. The cost consequences resulting from an offer to settle are set
out in Order 22A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed). The
procedure for making offers to settle is to encourage litigants to re-evaluate
their claims, and, if done reasonably, the parties can settle their dispute
without trial. A long, protracted trial like this takes a toll on public funds
and thus the inducement of an offer to settle is not only of benefit to the
parties but also the public.

5 In this case, Mr Goel suffered some inconvenience and injury but they were
not as serious or as costly as he claimed. He sought more than $484,196.16 but
was awarded only $36,732.59. He might have received the full $45,915.74 had he
joined SATS as a defendant. He did not realise how important it was to make
sure that all relevant parties are joined in the action, just as he failed to
realise that in addition to suing the right parties, he had to sue in the
right causes of action. His claim in negligence was not founded on the
evidence and was dismissed. That too will have an impact, though not a major
one on the facts of this case, on the award of costs.

6 The first issue before me now is whether the Casino can rely on the first
offer to settle or whether it is obliged to stand by its second offer. Both
offers were more than what Mr Goel was awarded but the importance lies in the
costs that Mr Goel has to pay for not accepting the offers. Had he accepted
the first, he would not have to pay costs, but by rejecting it, the costs that
accrue after that date has to be borne by him on an indemnity basis.

7 That is why his counsel argued that the Casino (and SATS), having made a
second offer to settle, is bound by that offer and that the first offer cannot
be relied upon to mark the date from which Mr Goel has to pay costs. The
difference between the two, therefore, is that if the first offer is valid and
applicable, Mr Goel has to pay costs to the Casino from 2 July 2014, but if
the second offer is applicable, then Mr Goel only needs to pay the Casino
costs from 17 September 2014.

8 There is no merit in Mr Goel’s counsel’s argument that the second offer is
the valid and binding one. When a party makes a second offer it is to induce
the opposing party to reassess his position. The second offer may be higher or
lower than the first. The idea is to encourage the other party to end the
proceedings. If the offer is higher, then the other party obtains the benefit
of the increase. If he does not, he cannot claim that the offeror cannot rely
on the first offer to benefit from its cost consequences. That offer remains
otherwise there is no incentive for parties to improve their offers to
facilitate a settlement. It is possible that a party’s second offer may be
lower than the one it first made. There may be good reasons for this.
Discovery may lead him to realise that his case is stronger than initially
thought. The lowered offer will nonetheless force the other party to reassess
his case. In the event that a party makes a second offer that is lower than
the first, reason suggests that he ought to state whether he is withdrawing
the first.

9 In this case, Mr Goel rejected the first and second offers. He must
therefore be responsible for costs incurred after that. The Casino will thus
pay him costs up to 2 July 2014. The costs are payable only on the scale of
the Magistrate’s Court on a standard basis as the damages awarded are within
the Magistrate’s Court’s jurisdiction and the claim ought to have been pursued
there: see s 39(1)(b) of the State Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed). Mr Goel
will have to pay the Casino costs on an indemnity basis from 2 July 2014.

10 Mr Goel’s counsel also submitted that the offers to settle were invalid
because there is no procedure for the Casino and SATS, being a third party, to
have made a joint offer. In my view, the law is not such an ass as it is
sometimes facetiously portrayed. No express legislation or rule is required
for the obvious or the trivial. SATS may not be a defendant, but it is still a
party from whom the Casino is seeking a contribution, and has an interest in a
speedy and inexpensive end to the litigation. A joint offer is neat and
ensures that Mr Goel can look to either or both for satisfaction. Mr Goel’s
counsel’s submission that the offers are invalid is thus dismissed.

11 I now move on to the question of costs for the third party proceedings,
which I dismissed. The Casino was right to have joined SATS as a third party
because some of the tortious acts were committed by the employees of SATS.
SATS would have to pay costs if it had been found liable to the Casino but in
this case, I think that it ought to be entitled to costs because Mr Goel
succeeded against the Casino for up to 80% of his claim. The fair order is
therefore for the Casino to pay SATS costs up to 80%.

12 For completeness, I note that the Casino’s counsel submitted that Mr Goel
should be liable for SATS’ costs as the third party proceedings were an
inevitable and necessary result of Mr Goel’s decision not to make SATS a
defendant. It would take exceptional circumstances before a plaintiff is made
responsible for costs of third party proceedings, especially when the
plaintiff’s claim has substantially succeeded, as in Mr Goel’s case. The
plaintiff has the right to choose who to sue, and unless the real issue of the
litigation is between the plaintiff and the third party, or the defendant is
clearly the wrong party, it is not responsible for the defendant’s decision to
join third parties to the suit. None of the abovementioned factors are present
in this case.

13 For the reasons above, my orders are as follows —

(a) The defendant is to pay the plaintiff’s costs on a standard basis on the
Magistrate’s Court’s scale up to 2 July 2014;

(b) The plaintiff to pay the defendant’s costs on an indemnity basis on the
High Court scale from 2 July 2014;

(c) The defendant to pay 80% of the third party’s costs on a standard basis on
the High Court scale;

(d) All costs above are to be taxed if not agreed; and

(e) Parties liable to costs shall also be liable to pay all reasonable
disbursements.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Prakash Pillai, Koh Junxiang, Debby Ratnasari (Clasis LLC) for the plaintiff;  
N. Sreenivasan SC, Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy and Derek Ow (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the defendant;  
Paul Seah Zhen Wei, Kang Weisheng Geraint Edward and Rachel Chin (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for third party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

