Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 58

Suit No 182 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 237 of 2016)

Between

Millennium Commodity Trading Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

BS Tech Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Bills of exchange and other negotiable instruments] – [Conflict of laws] –
[Proof of foreign law]

[Bills of exchange and other negotiable instruments] – [Delivery] –
[Conditional]

[Banking] – [Cheques] – [Post-dated]

[Civil procedure] – [Summary judgment] – [Shadowy defence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Millennium Commodity Trading Ltd

  

v

  

BS Tech Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 58

High Court — Suit No 182 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 237 of 2016)  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
18, 20 July; 19 September; 17 October 2016

27 March 2017

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

Introduction

1 This is an action on a cheque. The cheque was drawn by the defendant in
favour of the plaintiff in the sum of $678,016.94. The cheque having been
dishonoured upon presentation, the plaintiff commenced this action. In due
course, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment. The assistant registrar
granted the defendant leave to defend the plaintiff’s claim, but made that
leave conditional on the defendant furnishing security for the plaintiff’s
claim in the sum of $450,000.

2 Both parties appealed against the assistant registrar’s decision. I have
upheld the entirety of his decision and dismissed both appeals. The defendant
has appealed to the Court of Appeal against my decision. I therefore set out
my grounds.

Facts

The parties

3 The plaintiff is an investment company incorporated in Hong Kong. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 9.

Its sole director and shareholder is one Kin Lam (“Lam”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 9.

4 The defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore. It provides technical
testing and analysis services. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 10.

The defendant’s managing director at the time the cheque was drawn was Nadeem
Tahir (“Tahir”). The defendant’s other two directors at that time were
Balakrishnan Padmapathi (“Padma”) and B Shamalah Reddy (“Shamalah”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 11 and pages 10 and
11.

5 Tahir ceased to be the defendant’s managing director on 15 July 2015. The
current directors and shareholders of the defendant are Redhy @ B Balamurugan
(“Bala”) and Padma. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1st Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 16 March 2016, page 7.

Bala is Padma’s son and Shamalah’s husband. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 13.

6 There are material differences between the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s
accounts of the facts. In the interests of clarity, I shall canvass each
party’s account of events separately in setting out the background to the
plaintiff’s application for summary judgment.

The plaintiff’s account

7 The following is the plaintiff’s account of events.

8 In 2014, Lam was trying to raise €50m to finance a potential investment in a
project in China using the plaintiff as his vehicle. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 13; 3rd Affidavit of
Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 10(a).

He was introduced to Bala and Tahir. Bala and Tahir told Lam that they
controlled the defendant and that Padma and Shamalah were merely their
nominees. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 13.

By a letter on the defendant’s letterhead dated 2 May 2014, 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 26 April 2016, paragraph 12(b) and page 13.

Tahir authorised Khir Johari Bin Mohamed (“Johari”) to represent the defendant
in discussing, negotiating and executing an agreement with Lam. Johari was
then the defendant’s Head of Business Development. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 12(b).

9 The agreement between the parties comprises a “Financial Joint Venture
Agreement” dated 13 June 2014 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 26 April 2016, page 14.

as varied by an addendum dated 20 June 2014. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 26 April 2016, page 18.

The purpose of the parties’ agreement was for the defendant to procure a
standby letter of credit (“SBLC”) in favour of the plaintiff in the amount of
€10m. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 14.

The precise mechanics of the agreement were as follows. Within seven banking
days of signing the agreement, the plaintiff was to transfer €400,000, being
4% of the value of the SBLC, to the defendant. Upon receipt of the €400,000,
the defendant was to deliver to the plaintiff a post-dated cheque drawn in the
plaintiff’s favour of equivalent value. Within 15 banking days of receiving
the €400,000, the defendant was to procure a SBLC and transfer €10m to the
plaintiff. If the plaintiff failed to deliver the €400,000 to the defendant,
the plaintiff was obliged to pay the defendant €200,000 within 15 banking
days. If the defendant failed to procure the SBLC or transfer the €10m to the
plaintiff, it was obliged to pay €200,000 to the plaintiff within 15 banking
days.

10 The material terms of the parties’ agreement, as varied by the addendum,
were as follows: 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, paragraph 15 and pages 14 to 18.

1\. Upon 2 (Two) originals of the Financial Joint Venture Agreement having
been delivered to the [plaintiff], the [plaintiff] obliges to confirm the fact
of the present Agreement is concluded, and that the Parties are willing to
follow the below stated procedures and conditions of the Agreement.

2\. Upon the present statement is signed within 7 (Seven) international
banking days [the plaintiff] shall Wire Transfer in favor of the [defendant]
the amount equal to 4 (Four) Percent of the face value of the BG/SBLC. After
[the defendant] received the 4% face value of the bank instrument, the
[defendant] will then deliver a 60 days post dated bank cheque in favour of
[the plaintiff] equivalent to 4% (Four Percent) to [the defendant]. The
mentioned posted date cheque shall be returned to [the defendant] after the
transaction is completed.

3\. Within 15 (fifteen) international banking days from the moment the
[defendant] receive 4%, [the defendant] as facilitator shall arrange the Bank
instruments and also discount the Bank instruments.

4\. [The defendant] shall transfer Euro 10,000,000.00 (Euro Ten Million Only)
to [the plaintiff] designated account.

5\. The balance payment of 8 (eight) percent will be deducted after the MT760
been monetized.

6\. If the [plaintiff] fails to deliver to the [defendant] the 4% of the face
value by Wire Transfer within 7 (Seven) international banking days after
signing the Agreement, it is considered to be a breach of this Agreement. The
penalty is 2 (Two) Percent of the face value of the BG/SBLC that must be paid
within 15 (Fifteen) International Banking days to the [defendant].

7\. The same penalty should be applied if the [defendant] fails to monetize
the bank instrument after reception of the 4% by bank draft from [the
plaintiff].

…

LAW & ARBITRATION: This contract is a full recourse commercial commitment
enforceable under the laws of jurisdiction of the countries where this
transaction is effectuated, and any dispute is to be resolved under the ICC
rules for arbitration, unless the aggrieved party takes legal action in a
court of jurisdiction. The U.S.A., British or European Union country Law shall
be the applicable law, as the aggrieved party may choose, and shall govern the
interpretation, construction, enforceability, performance, execution, validity
and any other such matters regarding this contractual agreement.

The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any discrepancy and/or dispute
in application of this Agreement will be solved amicably, but if this is not
possible, the arbitration procedure is to be followed.

It will be immediately appreciated that the agreement was not professionally
drafted. That is especially clear from the curiously-drafted, multiple-
jurisdiction choice of law and arbitration clause. I consider this clause
further at [48] below.

11 On 20 June 2014, as agreed, the plaintiff transferred the €400,000 to the
defendant. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, page 19.

It did so in two tranches as instructed by the defendant: €200,000 was
credited to the defendant’s bank account with DBS Bank 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, pages 20 and 22.

and €200,000 was credited to Tahir’s personal bank account with HSBC
Singapore. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, pages 21 and 23.

The defendant then drew in the plaintiff’s favour, as also agreed, a cheque in
the sum of S$678,016.94. That sum was the equivalent in Singapore dollars of
€400,000 at the exchange rate at that time. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 6.

Johari filled in the sum on the cheque after confirming the figure with Tahir.
Bala then delivered the cheque to Lam. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 30(c).

The cheque was post-dated to 15 August 2014. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2016, page 24.

12 Between June and September 2014, Lam contacted Tahir and Johari repeatedly
to ask for the €10m. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 30(e).

They persuaded him to wait. In September 2014, Lam, Johari, Tahir and Bala
went to China to visit the factories involved in the project that the
plaintiff was investing in. The visit gave Lam confidence that defendant would
honour its obligations. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 30(e).

But in the end, the defendant failed to procure the SBLC or to transfer the
€10m or any part of it to the plaintiff.

13 On 21 November 2014, Lam presented the cheque for payment. It was
dishonoured. Lam informed Johari of this. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 52.

After consulting Tahir, Johari told Lam that the defendant had insufficient
funds but that this problem would be rectified. Lam told Johari that he would
present the cheque again at a later date.

14 On 24 November 2014, Lam again presented the cheque. Again, it was
dishonoured. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 19 April 2014, page 25.

The plaintiff has not to date recovered the S$678,016.94 from the defendant.

15 On 15 July 2015, Tahir ceased to be the defendant’s managing director.

16 On 23 February 2016, the plaintiff commenced this action seeking judgment
on the cheque for S$678,016.94. On 8 April 2016, the defendant filed its
defence. I summarise the defendant’s defences below at [37] – [42]. On 26
April 2016, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment.

The defendant’s account

17 The following is the defendant’s account of events.

18 The defendant does not deny that Tahir was its managing director at the
material time, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 9.

nor does it dispute the general sequence of events which plaintiff has
pleaded. But according to the defendant, Tahir, Johari and the plaintiff
conspired to defraud the defendant or to cause loss to the defendant by
unlawful means. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Defendant’s Defence dated 8 April 2016, paragraph 1(7)(i) to 1(7)(j).

19 In particular, Tahir and Johari acted in the defendant’s name but without
the defendant’s authority in order personally to obtain a “commission” of
€400,000 from the plaintiff. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

2nd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 9 May 2016, paragraphs 17 and 18.

The parties’ agreement was not authorised by a resolution of the defendant’s
directors or shareholders. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 20.

Tahir and Johari even created a fake company stamp that differed in shape from
the defendant’s official stamp, and used it to endorse the agreement
purportedly on the defendant’s behalf. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 31(4).

20 They did so in order personally to obtain a “commission” of €400,000 from
the plaintiff. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

2nd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 9 May 2016, paragraph 18.

Out of the €400,000 which the plaintiff paid to the defendant under the
agreement, €200,000 went straight into Tahir’s personal bank account. And even
the €200,000 which went into the defendant’s bank account was immediately
withdrawn by Tahir and Johari for their personal benefit. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 42.

21 The plaintiff knew that the defendant obtained no benefit from the parties’
agreement. Nevertheless, it wanted the defendant to be the counterparty to the
agreement because it wanted a basis to recover €400,000 from the defendant
should Tahir and Johari fail to perform the obligations under the agreement.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 21.

22 The defendant accepts that its current managing director, Bala, was told by
Tahir that the cheque was intended to be some form of collateral and, with
that knowledge, did deliver the cheque to Lam in June 2014. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 11.

But Bala had no knowledge of the parties’ written agreement until he saw a
copy of it in Lam’s first affidavit in this action, filed in opposition to the
defendant’s application for an extension of time to file its defence. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 13.

Legal proceedings

The plaintiff commences action

23 The plaintiff commenced this action on 23 February 2016 to recover
S$678,016.94, being the loss it had suffered as a result of the defendant’s
cheque being dishonoured upon presentation. The plaintiff also claims interest
under s 57(a) of the Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

24 The defendant’s defence is to deny that it owes the plaintiff the sum
claimed.

Summary judgment

25 On 26 April 2016, the plaintiff applied for summary judgment against the
defendant on its claim. An assistant registrar heard the application on 15
June 2016 and, as I have mentioned, granted the defendant conditional leave to
defend.

26 The defendant maintained before the assistant registrar that it had pleaded
three defences: (i) illegality; (ii) total or quantified partial failure of
consideration; and (iii) fraud. The assistant registrar found that the
defendant had not in fact pleaded the defence of illegality. Its submission on
illegality amounted in truth to the misconceived allegation that the parties’
agreement had been entered into without the defendant’s authority and was
therefore unenforceable by the plaintiff. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, pages 1 and 2.

The assistant registrar rejected the plea of a total or quantified partial
failure of consideration on the ground that the defendant had indeed received
the benefit for which it had contracted on the face of the agreement. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 2.

27 The assistant registrar, however, accepted the defendant’s submission that
the evidence, viewed in the round, raised a triable issue as to whether the
plaintiff had conspired with Tahir and Johari to defraud the defendant. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 4.

In arriving at this conclusion, he relied on three strands of evidence
identified by the defendant: (i) the addendum (see [9] above) to the agreement
attached to Lam’s first affidavit was not signed; (ii) the plaintiff delayed
four months before attempting to present the cheque; and (iii) an email from
Tahir dated 22 March 2016 suggested that Johari had joined the plaintiff to
support its claim. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, pages 3 and 4.

He also noted that Tahir had received in his personal account €200,000 out of
the €400,000. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 4.

28 At the prompting of the defendant, the assistant registrar was also
prepared to draw an inference, albeit a weak one, that the addendum had been
fabricated, and that this revealed the plaintiff’s intention to ensure that
its breach of the agreement was waived so that the defendant could be held
liable under the agreement on the cheque pursuant to the conspiracy. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 5.

29 But the assistant registrar had his doubts about the defence. The evidence
that the defendant presented did not directly shed light on the plaintiff’s
state of mind at the time the parties entered into the agreement. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 5.

The events on which the defendant relied for its defence which occurred after
the agreement was concluded also did not give rise to an irresistible
inference of fraud. All of this led the assistant registrar to conclude that
the defendant’s defence, though triable, was shadowy. Thus, applying Wee Cheng
Swee Henry v Jo Baby Kartika Polim [2015] 4 SLR 250 (“Wee Cheng Swee Henry”),
the assistant registrar granted the defendant leave to defend conditional upon
furnishing security for the plaintiff’s claim. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 7.

He fixed the quantum of the security at $450,000. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 7.

That sum is two-thirds of the plaintiff’s claim.

Third party notice

30 In May 2016, the defendant followed through on its allegations against
Tahir and Johari by obtaining leave to join them to this action as third
parties.

The parties’ submissions

The plaintiff’s submissions

31 The plaintiff advances four principal arguments.

32 First, the plaintiff submits that the cheque is an unconditional order to
pay and is therefore a valid bill of exchange under s 3 of the Act. While the
cheque was given pursuant to the parties’ agreement as security for
performance, none of this is expressed on the face of the cheque, and
therefore the cheque is unconditional. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 35.

To support this argument the plaintiff relies on passages from A G Guest,
Chalmers and Guest on Bills of Exchange, Cheques and Promissory Notes (Sweet &
Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2009) (“Chalmers”) and Nicholas Elliott, John Odgers and
Jonathan Mark Phillips, Byles on Bills of Exchange and Cheques (Sweet &
Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2013) (“Byles”). The plaintiff also relies on Hatton
National Bank Ltd v Ocean Gourmet Pte Ltd [2000] 3 SLR(R) 879 (“Hatton”) to
argue that the defendant, having received the €400,000, is now estopped from
claiming that the cheque is not valid. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 38.

33 Second, the plaintiff submits that it is settled law that in an action
under the Act, the court should ignore any underlying contractual dispute, and
should grant summary judgment for the claimant save only in exceptional
circumstances. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 44.

It relies on the first instance decision in Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e
Piacenza SpA v Rals International Pte Ltd [2016] 1 SLR 79 (“Rals International
(HC)”) and on Thomson Rubbers (India) Pte Ltd v Tan Ai Hock [2012] 1 SLR 772
(“Thomson Rubbers”). Accordingly, the plaintiff submits that it has
established a prima facie case for summary judgment. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 46.

34 Third, the plaintiff argues that the defendant has failed to demonstrate a
bona fide defence. The plaintiff submits that Tahir’s and Johari’s alleged
lack of authority to contract on the defendant’s behalf is an “internal
matter” 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 61(a).

for the defendant and does not make the agreement unenforceable. In any event,
Tahir and Bala communicated to Lam when they first met him that they had the
necessary authority to bind the defendant. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 19.

The plaintiff also suggests that the defendant’s allegation of fraud is
without basis and amounts to a “fishing expedition”. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 54 and 55.

35 Fourth, the plaintiff submits that even if I were to hold that the
defendant has raised triable issues, I should grant it only conditional leave
to defend, on the principles set out in Wee Cheng Swee Henry ([29] supra). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 63 and 64.

The plaintiff goes on to argue, relying on Wee Cheng Swee Henry and Abdul
Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v Nomanbhoy &
Sons Pte Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 856 (“Abdul Salam”), that the condition to be
attached to the leave should be that the defendant furnish security for the
full value of the cheque, ie, S$678,016.94. Only that condition would suffice
to demonstrate the defendant’s commitment to its defence and to do justice to
the plaintiff’s case. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 65 and 66.

The defendant’s submissions

36 The defendant also advances four principal arguments.

37 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff’s claim must fail as the
plaintiff has failed to plead the applicable foreign law that governs its
claim. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 24; Certified
Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 26.

The defendant relies on the (somewhat curious) choice of law clause in the
agreement (see [10] above) and cites Singapore Civil Procedure 2016: Volume 1
(Foo Chee Hock, ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 27.

The result, according to the defendant, is that it is entitled – on that
ground alone – to unconditional leave to defend. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 28.

38 The defendant also argues that, even if the agreement constitutes a
separate transaction from the cheque, the principle in Piallo Gmbh v Yafriro
International Pte Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 1028 (“Piallo (HC)”) applies such that a
claim on the cheque, being inextricably connected to the agreement, must also
be determined by the foreign law which governs the agreement. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 36 and 37.

Given that the plaintiff has not pleaded any applicable foreign law, the
defendant is on this ground also entitled to unconditional leave to defend.

39 Second, the defendant submits that the cheque is not a bill of exchange
under s 3 of the Act because its delivery was conditional within the meaning
of s 21(3)(b) of the Act. This is because the defendant delivered the cheque
to the plaintiff on condition that it be returned to the defendant upon
completion of the transaction envisaged under the agreement. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 42.

The defendant relies on Yeow Chern Lean v Neo Kok Eng and Another [2009] 3
SLR(R) 1131 (“Yeow Chern Lean”) to suggest that title in the cheque in these
circumstances did not pass to the plaintiff, who was therefore not entitled to
present it for payment.

40 The defendant also relies on Hinchcliffe v Ballarat Banking Co (1870) 1 VR
(L) 229 (“Hinchcliffe”) for the proposition that a post-dated cheque is a bill
of exchange only during the period between the date it is issued and the date
which it bears. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 56.

Thus the defendant argues that since the plaintiff presented the cheque after
the date which it bears – 15 August 2014 – it was by then no longer a bill of
exchange within the meaning of the Act, and therefore the plaintiff’s claim
for payment on it as a cheque has no legal basis. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 57 and 58.

41 Third, the defendant submits that it has raised triable issues. It argues
that it has a real and bona fide defence of fraud arising from a number of
facts, including: (i) the fact that Lam’s first and second affidavits
exhibited unsigned versions of the addendum while his third affidavit
exhibited a different, signed version; 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 72.

and (ii) the fact that Tahir received personally at least €200,000 out of the
€400,000. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 86.

The defendant also contends that it has raised a real and bona fide defence of
illegality because the agreement was concluded as an instrument of fraud
against the defendant and is therefore unenforceable. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 102 and 104.

The defendant also raises the defence of a total or quantified partial failure
of consideration on the basis that the defendant has not received the benefit
of the €400,000 which went instead to Tahir and Johari (see [20] above). 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 106.

42 Fourth, the defendant denies that its defences are shadowy and asserts that
it is entitled to unconditional leave to defend. It cites Van Lynn
Developments Ltd v Pelias Construction Co Ltd (formerly Jason Construction Co
Ltd) [1969] 1 QB 607 (“Van Lynn”) where the defendant secured only conditional
leave to defend and argues that its defences in the present case are stronger.
64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 121 and 122.

But in the event that it is found to be entitled only to conditional leave,
the defendant submits that it should not be required to furnish more than a
token sum by way of security, otherwise its ability to defend the plaintiff’s
claim will be crippled. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 135.

Applicable legal principles

43 I now briefly set out the legal principles governing an application for
summary judgment. These principles are well-known and undisputed by the
parties.

44 A plaintiff seeking summary judgment must first show that he has a prima
facie case: Thomson Rubbers ([33] supra) at [9]. If he fails, his application
ought to be dismissed with the usual adverse costs order. If he crosses that
threshold, then the defendant comes under a tactical burden under O 14 r 3 to
raise “an issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried”, commonly
known as a triable issue. To meet this burden, the defendant must show grounds
which raise a reasonable probability that it has a real or bona fide defence
in relation to the issues in dispute which ought to be tried: Goh Chok Tong v
Chee Soon Juan [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32 at [25]. Alternatively, the defendant may
attempt to show that there ought to be a trial for some other reason. If the
defendant fails to establish either of these grounds, the court will enter
judgment against the defendant: Ritzland Investment Pte Ltd v Grace Management
& Consultancy Services Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 1342 at [43] – [47].

Issues for determination

45 The following are the key issues which arise for my determination:

(a) whether the plaintiff has failed to plead the governing law applicable to
its claim on the cheque;

(b) whether the plaintiff has a prima facie case;

(c) whether the defendant has raised any triable issues;

(d) whether the defendant should be granted conditional or unconditional leave
to defend; and

(e) if the defendant is to be granted conditional leave, what is the
appropriate sum which the defendant ought to furnish as security in order to
be let in to defend the claim.

I deal with these issues in turn.

Issue 1: Governing law

46 It is trite that a Singapore court will apply Singapore law unless a
litigant establishes that foreign law applies, in which case the asserter must
plead and prove the foreign law as an issue of fact: Singapore Civil Procedure
2016: Volume 1 (Foo Chee Hock, ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2016) at para 18/11/3;
Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd [1999] 2 SLR(R) 183 (“Star
Cruise”) at [77]. This rule is premised on the fundamental assumption that the
rights of the parties are to be given effect only because they exist in a
legal system which gives these rights their meaning and content. Thus G P
Selvam J in Star Cruise (at [77]) said that “contracts are incapable of
existing in a legal vacuum”, borrowing the words of Lord Diplock in Amin
Rasheed Shipping Corporation v Kuwait Insurance Co [1984] AC 50 at 65. The
natural consequence of the stated assumption is that Singapore law applies
until and unless it is displaced.

47 Accordingly, the defendant’s contention that the plaintiff has failed to
plead foreign law gets the principle upside down. The defendant asserts that
foreign law applies but maintains that the plaintiff bears the burden of
pleading the applicable foreign law as fact, failing which its claim fails in
limine. This amounts to saying that the plaintiff’s claim exists in a legal
vacuum unless and until the plaintiff can satisfy the court otherwise. But
this directly contradicts the reasoning in Star Cruise. As Selvam J made clear
at [77], it is for “the asserter” – ie, the party who asserts that foreign law
applies – to establish that foreign law applies, to plead the applicable
foreign law and to then prove that law as fact, since the court cannot be
expected to take judicial notice of the foreign law (cf ss 39(b), 39(c), 40
and 59(1)(b) of the Evidence Act). In Star Cruise, both parties filed
affidavits of foreign law. Selvam J thus considered the plaintiffs’ failure to
plead the applicable foreign law to be egregious. Indeed, he would have
proceeded to adjudicate the claim on the basis of Singapore law had the
parties not already expended time and effort to arrange for expert witnesses
on foreign law to give evidence. If the defendant in the present case is
correct, then Selvam J should have simply dismissed the action before him. But
the law will not allow a party who alleges that the parties’ legal
relationship is governed by a system of law other than the lex fori to cast
the burden of disproving that allegation on his opponent. The defendant’s
objection in the present case is therefore without merit.

48 All this, of course, is quite apart from the fact that the choice of law
clause in the agreement applies to the agreement and not to the cheque. This
curious clause appears to give the “aggrieved party” an option to choose the
governing law from three systems of private law, none of which actually have
any existence as an identifiable system of private law: 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

1st Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 18 March 2016, page 12.

LAW & ARBITRATION: This contract is a full recourse commercial commitment
enforceable under the laws of jurisdiction of the countries where this
transaction is effectuated, and any dispute is to be resolved under the ICC
rules for arbitration, unless the aggrieved party takes legal action in a
court of jurisdiction. The U.S.A., British or European Union country Law shall
be the applicable law, as the aggrieved party may choose, and shall govern the
interpretation, construction, enforceability, performance, execution, validity
and any other such matters regarding this contractual agreement.

The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any discrepancy and/or dispute
in application of this Agreement will be solved amicably, but if this is not
possible, the arbitration procedure is to be followed.

49 It is difficult to know where to begin analysing this choice of law clause.
One is compelled simply to take it at face value. First, the clause gives an
aggrieved party the right to choose the substantive law which should apply in
arbitral proceedings. That is not the nature of the proceedings before me.
Those proceedings are in a court of law in Singapore, whose jurisdiction is
unchallenged. That court applies Singapore law to resolve disputes before it,
unless and until foreign law is pleaded and proved. Second, the choice of law
clause plainly concerns the agreement and not the cheque. The action before me
is on the cheque and not the agreement. As the plaintiff rightly points out in
its written submissions, the cheque constitutes a separate contract and
creates obligations for the drawer and rights for the payee that are
autonomous from any underlying transaction: see Wong Fook Heng v Amixco Asia
Pte Ltd [1992] 1 SLR(R) 654 at [13]. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 43.

50 In relation to this second point, the defendant relies on Piallo (HC) ([38]
supra) to argue that, because the cheque is so closely connected to the
agreement, the choice of law clause in the agreement must apply to the cheque
as well. The result, according to the defendant, is that the plaintiff needs
to but has failed to plead the applicable foreign law to succeed in its claim
on the cheque.

51 This argument is erroneous on multiple levels.

52 First, the defendant’s reliance on Piallo (HC) is misplaced. Piallo (HC)
involved an application to stay proceedings under s 6 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed). All that Belinda Ang Saw Ean J
decided in Piallo (HC) was that the plaintiff’s claims on cheques drawn by the
defendant should go to arbitration together with its claims under the
distributorship agreement from which the cheques arose. That was the result
because Belinda Ang J found that the cheques and the claims were so closely
connected as to warrant that result. She did not decide that the plaintiff was
not entitled to have its claim on the cheques arbitrated separately from the
distributorship agreement, using a summary procedure if necessary. Second, the
defendant in the present case did not seem to be aware that Piallo (HC) was
specifically overruled on the close connection test by the Court of Appeal’s
decision in Rals International Pte Ltd v Cassa di Risparmio di Parma e
Piacenza SpA [2016] 5 SLR 455 at [42]. That decision was handed down two weeks
before I heard oral arguments in the present case. The Court of Appeal held
(at [42]) that an arbitration clause in a contract will generally not be
treated as covering disputes arising under an accompanying bill of exchange in
the absence of express language or express incorporation. The fact that a bill
is closely connected to an agreement or to disputes arising under an agreement
is irrelevant. And third, as I have explained at [47] above, the burden is not
on the plaintiff but on the defendant to plead and prove foreign law if its
case is that Singapore law does not apply.

53 Accordingly, the defendant’s objections as to the governing law are
unsustainable. The plaintiff has no obligation to plead foreign law to succeed
in its claim on the cheque.

Issue 2: Prima facie case

54 The issue of whether the plaintiff has a prima facie case may be addressed
through two questions. The first is whether the plaintiff is entitled to sue
on the cheque without any reference to the underlying transaction comprised in
the parties’ agreement. The second is whether the defendant is estopped from
challenging the plaintiff’s right to sue on the cheque.

55 As a general matter, while I explore the relevant legal principles in some
detail, I apply them to the facts only to ascertain whether the plaintiff has
satisfied the prima facie standard on a summary judgment application. I
express no opinion on the ultimate merits of the case when they come to be
considered in any final analysis.

Right to sue on the cheque

56 It is appropriate to begin by setting out the main statutory provisions in
the Act which govern the issue at hand. These are ss 3(1) to (2), 13, 21(3)(b)
and 73 of the Act:

Section 3

(1) A bill of exchange is an unconditional order in writing, addressed by one
person to another, signed by the person giving it, requiring the person to
whom it is addressed to pay on demand or at a fixed or determinable future
time a sum certain in money to, or to the order of, a specified person, or to
bearer.

(2) An instrument which does not comply with these conditions, or which orders
any act to be done in addition to the payment of money, is not a bill of
exchange.

Section 13

(1) Where a bill or an acceptance or any indorsement on a bill is dated, the
date shall, unless the contrary is proved, be deemed to be the true date of
the drawing, acceptance, or indorsement, as the case may be.

(2) A bill is not invalid by reason only that it is antedated or post-dated.

Section 21

(3) As between immediate parties, and as regards a remote party other than a
holder in due course, the delivery —

…

(b) may be shown to have been conditional or for a special purpose only, and
not for the purpose of transferring the property in the bill.

Section 73

(1) A cheque is a bill of exchange drawn on a banker payable on demand.

(2) Subject to this Part, the provisions of this Act applicable to a bill of
exchange payable on demand apply to a cheque.

57 Nothing in this case turns on the distinction between a cheque and a bill
of exchange, the former being merely a species of the latter (see Rals
International (HC) ([33] supra) at [147] which describes a similar
relationship between a promissory note and a bill of exchange). Therefore, the
caveat in s 73(2) of the Act does not apply. It is also common ground that if
the cheque is not a bill of exchange under s 3 of the Act or not capable of
being sued on by the plaintiff by virtue of any other provision under that
statute, then the plaintiff has no prima facie case and its application for
summary judgment must fail. Accordingly, I focus solely on whether the fact
that the cheque was post-dated and the fact that it was delivered as a form of
collateral pursuant to an underlying contract could deprive the plaintiff of
the right to sue on the cheque.

58 According to s 13(2) of the Act, a bill is not invalid by reason only that
it is antedated or post-dated. This provision is in pari materia with s 13(2)
of the English Bills of Exchange Act 1882, on which Byles ([32] supra) has the
following to say, at para 21–006:

A bill of exchange is not invalid by reason of its being ante-dated or post-
dated; and the date appearing on the cheque is deemed to be the true date of
its drawing unless the contrary be proved.

Post-dated cheques have long been held to be regular instruments. A post-dated
cheque does not become payable until the date shown upon it and a bank which
pays it prematurely will not be entitled to debit the drawer’s account. If the
drawer countermands payment before the date written upon the post-dated
cheque, the drawee bank must not pay it.

59 It is therefore clear that the mere fact that the cheque is post-dated does
not render it invalid. The defendant, however, relying on a number of cases,
submits that a post-dated cheque is a bill of exchange only between the date
of its issue and the date which it bears, and since the cheque was presented
after the date which it bears, it was by then invalid. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 56.

60 This submission is unfortunately based on the defendant’s misreading of the
cases which it cites. Those cases in fact support the view set out in the
passage from Byles cited at [58] above and indeed lend it a measure of
historical credence. I will discuss the cases briefly to illustrate this
point.

61 The first case is Forster v Mackreth (1867) LR 2 Ex 163 (“Forster”). In
that case, the defendant had no authority to draw bills of exchange on behalf
of his firm but had the authority to draw cheques. The defendant drew a post-
dated cheque and delivered it seven days before the date marked on it. He was
then sued personally on cheque when it was dishonoured. The court held that
because the post-dated cheque – not being payable on demand – was equivalent
to a bill of exchange at seven days’ date, the defendant had no authority to
draw it and was therefore not liable on it. Kelly CB said (at 167) that “as
regards its practical effect, a post-dated cheque is the same thing as a bill
of exchange at so many days date as intervene between the day of delivering
the cheque and the date marked upon the cheque”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 56(1).

Kelly CB’s point was to equate a post-dated cheque with a bill of exchange
until at least the date marked upon the cheque. His point was not, as the
defendant in the present case contends, to invalidate a post-dated cheque
after that date. Accordingly, the defendant’s reliance on Forster is
misconceived.

62 The next case is Hinchcliffe ([40] supra). A customer of a bank drew two
cheques, one post-dated and the other current-dated. The bank honoured the
post-dated cheque even though it was presented before the date marked on it
and debited the customer’s account accordingly. That left insufficient funds
in the customer’s account to meet the current-dated cheque. The current-dated
cheque was therefore dishonoured upon presentation. The customer sued the bank
for damages. The Supreme Court of Victoria allowed the plaintiff’s claim. The
court approved the rule in Forster – that a post-dated cheque is in substance
a bill of exchange – and held that the bank was negligent in paying the post-
dated cheque before the date marked on it. The necessary premise of this
decision is that the post-dated cheque was a valid instrument on and after the
date marked on it. Accordingly, the defendant’s reliance on Hinchcliffe is
also misconceived.

63 The third and final case is Ashok Yeshwant Badave v Surendra Madhavrao
Nighojakar and Another (2001) 3 SCC 726 (“Ashok”), a decision of the Indian
Supreme Court. In this case, the drawer of a cheque appealed against an order
finding that he had committed the offence under s 138 of the Indian Negotiable
Instruments Act 1881 of failing to pay to a payee the value of a post-dated
cheque after being notified by the payee that the cheque had been dishonoured.
An element of this offence was that the payee must have presented the cheque
within six months of the date on which the cheque was drawn. So the drawer
argued that the six-month period ran from the date the cheque was issued, and
that because the payee had presented the cheque more than six months after the
date of issue, the offence was not made out. The Supreme Court of India
disagreed, holding (at [18]) that the six-month period ran from the date
marked on the cheque, and that the payee had presented the cheque within that
period. Hinchcliffe was cited (at [9]) with approval. The offence was
therefore made out and the appeal was dismissed. Like the previous two cases,
Ashok is also premised on the validity of a post-dated cheque on and after the
date marked on it. Ashok too does not assist the defendant’s case at all. In
fact, it supports the plaintiff’s case.

64 The defendant then cites Poh Chu Chai, Law of Negotiable Instruments
(LexisNexis, 7th Ed, 2014) (“Poh Chu Chai”) at pp 282 to 284, which the
defendant submits states that whether a post-dated cheque is valid on and
after the date marked on it is an issue unresolved by the Singapore courts. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 59; Certified
Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 34.

Again, the defendant’s argument is misconceived. The unresolved issue which
Poh Chu Chai actually identifies is whether a post-dated cheque is “regular”
within the meaning of s 29 of the Act, in order to enable title to the cheque
to pass to a holder in due course. That is not the issue before me. There is
therefore no need for me to express a view on it.

65 Section 13(2) of the Act states that a bill will not be invalid “only” by
reason that it is post-dated. The word “only” in that provision contemplates
the possibility of a post-dated cheque being invalid for other reasons. The
scope of those other reasons is uncertain on the face of s 13(2) itself. The
defendant claims that because the cheque was delivered as a form of
collateral, it is invalid because it is conditional within the meaning of ss 3
and 21(3)(b) of the Act. I must therefore decide whether this could be a
reason for holding a post-dated cheque invalid.

66 The plaintiff submits in response that a post-dated cheque delivered as a
form of collateral or security is a valid cheque capable of being sued on
independently from the underlying agreement. As authority for this
proposition, the plaintiff relies on a number of cases, including City
Hardware Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Chye [2005] 1 SLR(R) 754 and Thomson Rubbers ([33]
supra). But these cases simply assume that proposition to be true without
analysis or explanation. As the parties have made submissions to me on this
issue, I shall proceed to discuss the principles on the application of ss 3,
13(2) and 21(3)(b) of the Act that are relevant to the disposition of the
matter before me.

67 First, a bill of exchange may be “conditional” or “unconditional” in two
distinct senses under each of ss 3 and 21(3)(b) of the Act. The distinction is
between an unconditional order and an unconditional delivery of an order.
Section 3 of the Act defines a bill of exchange as an unconditional order to
pay. An order to pay which is conditional does not qualify as a bill of
exchange: s 3(2) of the Act. But an unconditional order to pay can
nevertheless be delivered conditionally. Section 21(3)(b) recognises the right
of the drawer to retain title to a bill by way of conditional delivery, the
effect of which is to deprive the transferee of the right to be paid on the
bill: Yeow Chern Lean ([39] supra) at [42]. It would also deprive the
transferee of standing to sue on the bill, because delivery must be complete
in order for title to pass. This is implied in s 21(3)(b) by the reference in
that provision to a delivery not for the purpose of transferring property. In
short, a conditional order to pay does not fulfil an essential criterion to be
a bill of exchange, whereas conditional delivery of an unconditional order
operates merely to deprive the transferee of the right to sue on the bill. It
follows that the tests for determining conditionality under s 3(1) and s
21(3)(b) are different. I therefore turn to elaborate on each.

68 It is well-established that for an order to be unconditional within the
meaning of s 3(1) of the Act, it must be imperative and not merely precatory,
ie, it cannot carry within its words the option of non-compliance. The
imperative is necessary to place the drawee under an obligation to the drawer
to pay the value of the bill to the payee. As Poh Chu Chai ([64] supra)
explains at p 28:

The requirement that a drawer’s instructions must constitute an unconditional
order is no doubt imposed with the object of ensuring that the drawee is
placed under a contractual obligation to carry out the drawer’s instructions.
The order given must be imperative. If the drawer’s instructions are no more
than a mere request to the drawee to carry out the drawer’s instructions, the
instructions will not constitute an order as the drawee has the option of not
complying with the request. In Little v Slackford (1828) 1 Mood. & M. 171, the
Court decided that a bill of exchange addressed to a drawee as follows: “Mr.
Little, please to let the bearer have seven pounds, and place it to my account
and you will oblige”, constituted a mere request to the drawee. The instrument
was not a bill of exchange because the instructions did not constitute an
order to the drawee. The drawee who made payment on the bill was not barred
from claiming reimbursement from the drawer even though the bill was not
stamped as a bill of exchange.

69 Separately, for delivery of a bill to be conditional under s 21(3)(b) of
the Act, the transferor must intend to suspend delivery – in the legal as
opposed to the factual sense – until a certain condition is satisfied, or to
make delivery for some purpose other than to transfer title to the cheque to
the transferee: Yeow Chern Lean ([39] supra) at [43]. Thus, in Yeow Chern
Lean, the Court of Appeal held that the cheques had been delivered
unconditionally because the transferor had intended to attach a condition
merely to the use of the proceeds and not to the delivery of the cheques. In
fact, the transferor could not have intended to retain title to the cheques,
because if he had intended to do so, then the proceeds of the cheques would
not have been available to the transferee and it would have been pointless to
impose the condition. Therefore the fundamental question under s 21(3)(b) is
in my view whether a transferor intends without qualification to confer title
to the cheque upon the transferee.

70 A transferor must also communicate this intention clearly to the
transferee: Yeow Chern Lean at [43]; Byles ([32] supra) at para 9–005. This is
an objective test to be satisfied by the party who claims that such an
intention exists. Whether a communication is sufficiently clear will depend on
the circumstances of the case. But as a general rule, strong evidence will
need to be shown to demonstrate that the transferor of a bill of exchange did
not intend for title to the bill to pass to the transferee with delivery.
These strict requirements are necessary to preserve commercial efficacy, in
service of which the principle of cash equivalence exists. To develop this
rationale fully, it is necessary to rehearse the commercial advantages of a
bill of exchange over a mere promise to pay, which I explained in Rals
International (HC) ([33] supra) at [152]:

The cash equivalence principle gives a bill of exchange two important
commercial advantages over a mere promise to pay. First, where the drawer’s
payment obligation under the bill has not yet fallen due, a bill offers the
payee the means to monetise the promise. The payee can, quickly and
effectively, convert by negotiation the drawer’s promise to pay in the future
into cash in the present. Second, once the drawer’s payment obligation under
the bill has fallen due and until that obligation is met, the bill is de facto
security for the payee. The payee can, quickly and effectively, convert by
legal action the drawer’s promise to pay in the present into cash in the
present. Simply put: the drawer is obliged to pay now and argue later.

71 The logical prerequisite for the realisation of these advantages is that
the transferee must know with certainty whether and when he may present or
negotiate the bill. To the extent that he is uncertain about the status of his
bill as a cash equivalent, the very purpose of a bill of exchange is
frustrated. In this regard, it is the proper function of the law to minimise
the scope and possibility of such uncertainty in the interests of commercial
efficacy. It must follow, therefore, that for a court to hold a transferee
unable to sue or be paid on a bill by reason of its conditional delivery,
strong and clear evidence must be presented of the transferor’s intention to
make only conditional delivery.

72 The circumstances which can render physical delivery conditional are
varied. In Yeow Chern Lean, the Court of Appeal (at [42]) cited with approval
a passage from a previous edition of Chalmers that discusses these
circumstances. An updated version of that passage can now be found at p 124 of
the current edition of Chalmers ([32] supra). The relevant part, upon which
the defendant in the present case places great reliance in its submissions, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 46.

reads:

A bill may also be delivered conditionally as collateral security, it being
agreed that it will become operative only in the event of default. Upon
fulfilment of the condition, a conditional delivery becomes complete and takes
effect at that time.

73 A brief discussion of the relevant authorities at this juncture is useful.
For the first proposition in the text quoted above, Chalmers cites the case of
Alsager v Close (1842) 10 M & W 576 (“Alsager”). That was an action in trover
brought by the assignees of a bankrupt against the transferee of a bill of
exchange drawn in the amount of £1,600. The bankrupt had delivered the bill,
before his bankruptcy, to the transferee as an indemnity for a bond which the
bankrupt had executed jointly with a third party. The transferee had promised
to return the bill in the event that the bond was cancelled. The bankrupt’s
assignees now showed the transferee the cancelled bond and demanded the return
of the bill. The transferee refused to deliver up the bill, and later even
obtained £800 on the bill. Lord Abinger CB, with whom Gurney B and Rolfe B
agreed, allowed the assignees’ claim. They held that the assignees had title
to sue on the bill, standing as they did in the shoes of the bankrupt, and
that the transferee had converted the bill to his own use by receiving the
money on it (at 583):

The bill was deposited with the defendant for a special purpose, and his duty
was to hold it until that purpose was determined. I do not think that a man
who holds a bill for a particular purpose of this nature has a right, without
authority, to go and receive money on the bill. I think, therefore, the
receipt of £800 was an actual conversion; so that, quâcunque viâ, the bankrupt
might have maintained the action.

74 For the proposition that delivery is complete upon fulfilment of the
condition, Chalmers cites the case of Clifford Chance v Silver [1992] 2 Bank
LR 11 (“Clifford Chance”). Poh Chu Chai ([64] supra) at pp 140 to 141 also
relies on this authority for the proposition that once the condition is met,
the drawer’s liability to pay crystallises. In Clifford Chance, a cheque was
indorsed by the solicitors of a purchaser of land to solicitors of the vendor
towards payment of a deposit, but on the condition that the cheque was to be
“returnable on demand until we authorise you to effect an exchange”. The
English Court of Appeal held that the initial delivery of the cheque was
conditional under s 21(2)(b) of the English Bills of Exchange Act 1882, which
is in pari materia with s 21(3)(b) of the Act. But the court also held that
delivery became unconditional when the contracts for the sale of the property
were exchanged and the conditions stipulated were fulfilled. Sir Christopher
Slade put it thus:

In my judgment, on the facts of this case and in view of section 21(2) of the
Bills of Exchange Act 1882, delivery to Clifford Chance of the cheque for
£100,000 did not take place until 10th January 1991, when the deposit of
£100,000 payable under the first agreement became due and Clifford Chance
ceased to hold the cheque to the order of Frederick Hass & Stone. By virtue of
section 31(3) of the 1882 Act a bill payable to order is “negotiated” (only)
by the indorsement of the holder completed by delivery. In my judgment
therefore the cheque was negotiated on 10th January 1991.

75 Another case which should be mentioned is Marina Sports Ltd v Alliance
Richfield Pte Ltd [1990] 1 SLR(R) 385 (“Marina Sports”). The defendant relies
on this case to argue that the delivery of the cheque was conditional under s
21(3)(b) of the Act. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, pages 32 and 33.

In Marina Sports, the broker of the sale of a vessel issued the seller a post-
dated cheque with specific instructions not to present the cheque until after
the broker had received payment from the buyer. The seller presented the
cheque before that happened and the cheque was dishonoured. The broker
subsequently countermanded the cheque because of the seller’s alleged bad
faith. The High Court upheld the District Court’s refusal to grant summary
judgment on the cheque, opining simply that there were triable issues and that
the broker should be given conditional leave to defend. While the court’s
reasoning was elliptical, it clearly took into account the broker’s argument
that “since the cheque had been issued conditionally and the condition had not
been fulfilled, there was no valid delivery under s 21” (at [9]).

76 It can be seen from these cases that it is possible to effect conditional
delivery of a bill where that bill is intended as a form of collateral for an
obligation to pay arising from an underlying contract, whether that contract
is a bond (Alsager), a contract for the sale of land (Clifford Chance) or a
contract for the brokerage of a sale of a chattel (Marina Sport). But these
cases also demonstrate that the intention to effect conditional delivery must
be objectively established. In each of these cases, it was objectively clear
that the transferee had taken physical delivery of the bill subject to an
express condition which the transferor had clearly attached to the delivery.

77 I add that the mere fact that a bill is post-dated does not clearly and
objectively establish that the transferee intended to attach a condition to
delivery which was to endure beyond the date marked on the bill. Post-dating a
bill suggests only that the transferor intends the transferee to present the
bill unconditionally on or after the date it bears, and that the burden lies
on anyone who asserts the contrary to establish the contrary. Indeed, this
must be implicit in any bill of exchange if the principle of cash equivalence
is to have any meaning.

78 A contrasting example would be the cheque in Marina Sports. That cheque was
delivered with specific instructions to the transferee not to present it until
further advice from the transferor even on or after the post-dated due date:
Marina Sports at [5]. While the High Court did not comment on whether this
would be sufficient to make delivery conditional within the meaning of s
23(2)(b), I am inclined to think, for the purpose of illustrating the
principle being discussed here, that it would have. But I express no view on
how else conditional delivery might be effected in practice. All will depend
on the circumstances.

79 The scope of s 13(2) of the Act is now sufficiently clear for the purposes
of the present case. While a bill is not invalid by reason “only” that it is
post-dated, it is invalid if it embodies a conditional order to pay: s 3(2) of
the Act. It would, however, not be invalid if it were delivered conditionally.
Conditional delivery in the sense contemplated by s 21(3)(b) of the Act goes
not to the validity of the bill, but to whether title to the bill passes to
the transferee. Thus, while a conditionally-delivered bill may be a valid
bill, the holder of that bill will not be able to sue on it until delivery is
completed through the fulfilment of the condition.

80 To summarise, the following propositions are clear from the authorities:

(a) For an order to be unconditional within the meaning of s 3(1) of the Act,
it must be imperative and not precatory. An instrument which contains a
conditional order to pay is not a bill of exchange. The focus here is on a
condition imposed on the drawee of the bill and not on the payee or transferee
of the bill.

(b) For physical delivery of a bill to be conditional within the meaning of s
21(3)(b) of the Act, the transferor must intend to hold delivery in suspense
until a certain condition is satisfied or to make delivery for some purpose
other than that of transferring title to the bill to the transferee. In either
case, the transferor must communicate his intention clearly to the transferee.
Conditional delivery deprives the transferee of title to the bill and
consequently of the right to sue on it, so long as the condition remains
unsatisfied.

(c) The party who asserts that physical delivery of a bill was intended to be
conditional delivery of the bill within the meaning of s 21(3)(b) bears the
burden of proving that on an objective test. As a general rule, strong
evidence will be necessary to establish that the transferor of a bill intended
to attach a condition to delivery.

81 With these principles in mind, I turn to the facts of the case. As regards
the possibility that the cheque is a conditional order and therefore invalid
under s 3(2) of the Act, the defendant produced no evidence and raised no
argument that in drawing the cheque in favour of the plaintiff, the defendant
gave only tentative or conditional instructions to the drawee, DBS Bank, to
pay the plaintiff the value of the cheque. The defendant’s suggestion that the
cheque is not unconditional for the purposes of s 3(1) of the Act therefore
has no basis.

82 On a proper view of the law, it is clear that the defendant’s real and only
sustainable argument is that it effected physical delivery of the cheque to
the plaintiff subject to a condition within the meaning of s 21(3)(b) of the
Act. Insofar as the defendant attempts to characterise the condition as a
“contingency” that invalidated the cheque, it mistakenly relies on cases in
which bills were invalidated because they contained a conditional order to the
drawee to pay within the meaning of s 3(1) of the Act. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 49 to 53.

Given that the defendant’s order to DBS Bank was not conditional, it is not
necessary to discuss those cases. I therefore turn to consider the defendant’s
argument under s 21(3)(b) of the Act.

83 Without expressing a final view on the merits, and taking the defendant’s
case at its highest, I accept that the initial delivery of the cheque may have
been conditional. This is because cl 2 of the parties’ agreement, which I have
reproduced at [10], expressly required the plaintiff to return the cheque to
the defendant after the defendant had procured the SBLC. This contractual
requirement to return the cheque is arguably analogous to the promise made by
the defendant in Alsager ([73] supra) to return the bill upon the cancellation
of the bond for which the bill had been transferred to him as an indemnity.

84 Further, cl 2 of the parties’ agreement arguably evidences a clear
communication by the defendant of its intention to withhold title to the bill
at initial delivery. But just as it was implicit that the defendant in Alsager
would obtain title to the bill upon a default on the bond, so too in the
present case, it is implicit that the plaintiff would obtain title to the
cheque if the defendant failed to perform its obligations under the parties’
agreement. It is not in dispute that that is what in fact happened. Therefore,
the plaintiff has at least a prima facie case that it has title to sue on the
cheque.

85 In this regard, I also take the view that the plaintiff has a prima facie
case that the time within which the defendant must perform its obligations
under the parties’ agreement had lapsed, such that the plaintiff had title to
the cheque when it presented the cheque for payment. What this time is may be
discerned from cll 2 and 3 of the parties’ agreement, which are reproduced at
[10] above. The effect of cl 2 of the parties’ agreement was to stipulate that
the cheque was to bear the date 15 August 2014. The effect of cl 3 was to
oblige the defendant to procure the SBLC within 15 international banking days
after the plaintiff had transferred to the defendant 4% of the value of the
SBLC. The plaintiff made the transfer on 20 June 2014. It is common ground
that the defendant did not procure the SBLC as contractually stipulated or at
all. When 15 banking days had elapsed from 20 June 2014, any condition arising
from cl 3 of the parties’ agreement ceased to operate. By 15 August 2014, the
defendant’s delivery of the cheque to the plaintiff – even if conditional at
the outset – had become completely unconditional. When the plaintiff presented
the cheque on 21 November 2014 and re-presented it on 24 November 2014,
therefore, it had title to the cheque and was fully entitled to do so.

86 In response, the defendant submits that there is no evidence of any
discussion between the parties as to what would happen to the cheque should
the defendant default on its obligation under cl 3 of the agreement, and
therefore the burden lies on the plaintiff to establish that it was entitled
to sue on the cheque. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, pages 23 and 24.

But the law dictates that the very opposite is true. As I explained at [77]
above, it is implicit in the nature of a bill of exchange that the defendant
qua transferor intended that the plaintiff should be entitled to present the
cheque. If it was the defendant’s intention that the plaintiff should not be
entitled to present the cheque even if the defendant defaulted on its
obligation under cl 3 of the parties’ agreement and even after 15 August 2014,
the burden was on the defendant to make this further condition objectively
clear to the plaintiff at the time it physically delivered the cheque to the
plaintiff and the burden is on the defendant to establish that further
condition in these proceedings. It did not do so then and cannot do so now.
The court, confronted now simply with the cheque as it stands, must accept and
give effect to the plaintiff’s right to sue on it. By pointing to the fact
that there is no evidence of the parties’ intentions as to the consequences of
the cheque in the event of a default, when it has the burden of producing that
evidence, the defendant has ironically undermined its own submission that
delivery was conditional and remained conditional after 15 August 2014. This
results from a classic application of the cash equivalence principle.

87 For these reasons, I consider that the plaintiff has succeeded in
establishing a prima facie case for its claim on the cheque. The defendant’s
submissions that the cheque is invalid and that its delivery remains
conditional are without merit. These submissions raise no triable issues.

Estoppel

88 The plaintiff, relying on Hatton (see [32] above), also briefly put forward
the argument that the defendant, having secured the benefit of the €400,000
which the plaintiff transferred to it, is in any case now estopped from
claiming that the cheque is invalid. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Plaintiff’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 38.

Hatton is a case about payment in international trade. A seller drew bills of
exchange on a buyer pursuant to a contract for the sale of goods. The seller’s
bank discounted the bills and presented them to the buyer, who accepted them.
In exchange, the bank released to the buyer the bills of lading covering the
goods. The buyer then failed to pay the bank and the bank sued on the bills of
exchange, seeking summary judgment for the sum owed. The buyer argued that the
bills were invalid under s 3(2) of the Act as they were contingent orders to
pay. The High Court rejected this argument, holding (at [12]) that the buyer,
having secured the advantage of obtaining the goods by accepting the bills,
could not now claim that the bills it accepted were not valid bills. The court
thus dismissed the buyer’s appeal and upheld the assistant registrar’s order
granting summary judgment to the bank.

89 In my view, Hatton may be distinguished in several respects and is not of
immediate assistance to the plaintiff. First, unlike the buyer in Hatton, the
defendant here is not really challenging the validity of the cheque. The
cheque clearly contains an unconditional order to pay. As I observed at [82]
above, what the defendant is really saying is that the cheque was delivered
conditionally. Second, whereas the buyer in Hatton was the drawee of the bill,
the defendant in the present case is the drawer of the cheque and DBS Bank is
the drawee. This relates to the third difference, which is that Hatton did not
involve a cheque but a bill of exchange, and the principles on acceptance with
respect to each type of bill are different. Neither the plaintiff nor the
defendant in the present case submits whether a Hatton-type estoppel could
arise notwithstanding these differences. Since I have already decided that the
plaintiff has established a prima facie case, I prefer to express no view on
whether the defendant is estopped in any way from challenging the plaintiff’s
right to sue on the cheque.

Issue 3: Triable issues

90 It is well-established that an application for summary judgment on a
dishonoured cheque will succeed unless the defendant raises an arguable case
of fraud, illegality or a total or quantified partial failure of
consideration: Marina Sports ([75] supra) at [8] – [10]; Rals International
(HC) ([33] supra) at [151]. The defendant has advanced arguments under each
head. I consider them in sequence.

Fraud

91 The defendant’s contention on fraud is that the plaintiff conspired with
Tahir and Johari to defraud the defendant through the parties’ agreement. It
highlights four strands of evidence to support this contention.

92 First, the defendant submits that the plaintiff fabricated the second
version of the addendum to the agreement, which was exhibited in Lam’s third
affidavit. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 74.

It is not disputed that the effect of the addendum was to extend
retrospectively, from two to seven international banking days after the
conclusion of the agreement, the period within which the plaintiff was to
transfer to the defendant 4% of the value of the SBLC. The plaintiff
transferred the 4% to the defendant on 20 June 2014, which was seven days
after the conclusion of the agreement on 13 June 2014. For that reason,
according to the plaintiff, it was necessary to “regularise” this transaction
by way of the addendum. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 18(b).

The defendant, however, has spotted that the versions of the addendum
exhibited in Lam’s first and second affidavit were unsigned, while the version
of the addendum exhibited in Lam’s third affidavit was signed. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 72.

The defendant claims that the signed version was created for the purposes of
this action so that it could not be argued that the plaintiff was itself
liable for a breach of the agreement. Indeed, the defendant goes so far as to
suggest that even the agreement is fabricated after the event. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 74.

In a subsequent affidavit, the plaintiff explains that Lam was unable to find
the signed copy of the addendum at the time he affirmed his first two
affidavits, and found it only later. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

4th Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 20 June 2016, paragraph 16(b).

93 Second, the defendant submits that the parties’ agreement was concluded
under suspicious circumstances. While Tahir was the defendant’s managing
director at the material time, it was Johari who signed the agreement on the
defendant’s behalf. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 81.

The oval rubber stamp applied to the agreement does not resemble the rubber
stamp which the defendant usually applies to its agreements. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 83.

There is also a note allegedly written by Tahir stating it was the plaintiff
who failed to provide bank coordinates and a credit facility in a bank to
facilitate the issuance of the SBLC. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 84; 3rd
Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, pages 27 to 31.

Finally, the defendant alleges that Johari joined the plaintiff in November
2014. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 43.

It produced an email from Tahir dated 22 March 2016 which he says that Johari
had “join[ed] hand” with the plaintiff, who had been “trying to play with us
from last one n half year”. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, page 33.

The defendant therefore submits that it is premature for the court to enter
judgment for the plaintiff without hearing the evidence of Tahir, now a third
party to this action, who would be able to explain the suspicious
circumstances in which the agreement was concluded. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 85.

Apart from maintaining that Johari was authorised to deal with the plaintiff
on behalf of the defendant, 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 16(a).

the plaintiff does not respond specifically to the allegations concerning the
rubber stamp and Tahir’s correspondence.

94 Third, the defendant submits that it is a suspicious circumstance that the
plaintiff was required to transfer €200,000 out of the €400,000 to Tahir’s
personal account. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 86.

The defendant also suggests that the bank documents evidencing this transfer
are not authentic. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 87.

95 Fourth, the defendant casts suspicion on the plaintiff’s claim by pointing
to a cluster of allegedly “inexplicable” acts by the plaintiff. One of these
acts is the plaintiff’s delay in presenting the cheque more than three months
after the date which it bears. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 91.

The plaintiff explains this delay on the basis that Tahir and Johari convinced
it to delay presenting the cheque, saying that the defendant still intended to
comply with its obligations under the parties’ agreement. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

3rd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 30 May 2016, paragraph 30(e).

The defendant also points to other allegedly suspicious conduct, including the
fact that the plaintiff chose not to address the defendant’s allegation that
Johari had become an employee of the plaintiff until the assistant registrar
appeared to consider this a serious issue; 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 94.

the fact that the plaintiff engaged debt collectors to demand payment of the
value of the cheque when it was now claiming that it had a straightforward
claim on the cheque; 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 97.

and the fact that the plaintiff waited some 15 months before commencing this
action against the defendant. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 97.

96 Having considered all the evidence, I am of the view that the assistant
registrar was correct to hold that the defendant has succeeded in raising a
triable issue of whether the plaintiff had conspired with Tahir and Johari to
defraud the defendant. The plaintiff’s explanation of why it initially
produced an unsigned version of the addendum is, at this stage, less than
convincing. Further, as the defendant points out, 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, pages 48 and 49.

there is no objective evidence to support the plaintiff’s explanation for its
delay in presenting the cheque, ie, that Tahir and Johari had persuaded it not
to present the cheque earlier. Finally, it is somewhat coincidental that
Johari allegedly left the defendant to join the plaintiff at about the time he
allegedly completed withdrawing the €200,000 in the defendant’s account for
his own benefit 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, paragraph 42.

and at about the time the plaintiff presented the cheque. I note also that
Tahir’s email, to the extent that it was written to suggest that Tahir himself
was not involved in any alleged foul play against the defendant, is
inconsistent with the defendant’s case that Tahir conspired with the plaintiff
and Johari to defraud the defendant. While I do not think that this
inconsistency is fatal to the defendant’s contention that there is a triable
issue of fraud, I return to this point below at [119] below in my discussion
on the proper form of leave to defend to be granted.

Illegality

97 The defendant’s case on illegality is premised on its case on fraud. The
defendant submits that since the parties’ agreement was concluded to
perpetrate a fraud on the defendant, it must be unenforceable as an illegal
contract. The defendant cites para 16–017 of Chitty on Contracts (Sweet &
Maxwell, 31st Ed, 2012) (“Chitty”), which states that where the object of a
contract is the perpetration of a fraud, the contract is illegal and therefore
unenforceable. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 102.

98 Given that I accept that the defendant has raised a triable issue of fraud
committed through the instrumentality of the parties’ agreement, and given
that the proposition stated in Chitty is indisputable, it would follow that I
find there to be a triable issue of whether the agreement is unenforceable for
illegality. I so hold.

Failure of consideration

99 The defendant’s final argument 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 105.

is that it has suffered a quantified partial failure of consideration. In this
regard, it puts forward two principal arguments. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, pages 36 and 37.

100 First, the defendant argues that it did not receive the benefit of any
part of the €400,000 which the plaintiff transferred to the defendant under
the parties’ agreement. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 106.

Tahir received €200,000 in his personal account. And although the remaining
€200,000 was transferred into the defendant’s bank account, Tahir and Johari
withdrew all of it in stages between June and November 2014. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 106.

Thus, relying on Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc [2003] 1 SLR(R) 14
(“Ooi Ching Ling”) at [43], the defendant argues that it has suffered a
failure of consideration because it has not enjoyed the benefit of what it
bargained for.

101 Second, the defendant argues that the plaintiff is obliged to pay it a sum
of €200,000, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 107.

which it has yet to receive. This is because the plaintiff failed to transfer
4% of the value of the SBLC, ie, the €400,000, to the defendant within two
international banking days after 13 June 2014 as required under cl 2 of the
parties’ agreement (disregarding the addendum). As the plaintiff breached this
obligation, the plaintiff became liable under cl 6 of the agreement to pay the
defendant a penalty of 2% of the value of the SBLC, ie, €200,000. The
defendant disregards the addendum, which serves to extend the contractual
deadline for the plaintiff to transfer the €400,000, because the defendant
rejects the enforceability of the addendum on grounds of fraud.

102 To evaluate these arguments, it is necessary to discuss briefly the
principles governing failure of consideration as a defence to an action on a
bill of exchange. The basic principle is that a bill of exchange, like any
other contract, is not enforceable unless it is supported by consideration:
Poh Chu Chai ([64] supra) at 230; Byles ([32] supra) at para 19–001. But while
a party who seeks to enforce a contract generally bears the burden of
establishing that it is supported by consideration, the position is reversed
in the context of bills of exchange, where under s 30(1) of the Act the
existence of consideration is presumed until the contrary is proved by the
party resisting the action on the bill: Poh Chu Chai at 230; Byles at para
19–003. It is the rebuttal of this presumption that is commonly referred to as
the defence of failure of consideration against an action on a bill of
exchange. It follows that we are concerned with the contractual sense of
consideration as the exchange of benefit and detriment which combines with
offer and acceptance to create an enforceable agreement: see Fielding & Platt
Ltd v Selim Najjar [1969] 1 WLR 357; Pollway Ltd v Abdullah [1974] 1 WLR 493.
After all, s 27(1) of the Act provides that “valuable consideration” for a
bill may be constituted by “any consideration sufficient to support a simple
contract” as well as “any antecedent debt or liability”. These principles were
summarised by Scott LJ in Churchill and Sim v Goddard [1937] 1 KB 92 at 109
and 110:

[V]arious decisions about failure of consideration were cited to establish the
well-accepted principle that if the consideration for a bill of exchange
wholly fails, then as between immediate parties the contract created by the
instrument is discharged and the acceptor released. These authorities also
call for no discussion, as there is no doubt as to the principle.

…

The presence of consideration is not an essential element of a bill of
exchange contract as of an ordinary contract not under seal – it is presumed
by the Act, and was presumed by our Law Merchant before the Act. But as
between immediate parties the defendant is entitled to prove absence of
consideration moving from the plaintiff as a defence to an action on the bill,
and it is in replication to this defence that it was important for the
appellants to point out that the respondent's acceptance recorded the receipt
of the consideration, and further that the consideration was in fact given.
There can to my mind be no question in the present case that the appellants
gave good consideration – i.e., “value” within the meaning of the Act. …

103 We are therefore not concerned with a failure of consideration, or as some
commentators prefer to call it, failure of “basis”, in the sense in which it
is used in the law of restitution. In that sense, the term “failure of basis”
is said to denote more accurately the negation of the basis for making a
payment, and therefore to constitute a ground for restitution or to be an
“unjust factor” for reversing unjust enrichment: Goff & Jones: The Law of
Unjust Enrichment (Charles Mitchell et al, eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed,
2016) at paras 12–10 to 12–15.

104 Next, while total failure of consideration is a complete defence to an
action brought on a bill of exchange, partial failure of consideration affords
a pro tanto defence provided it is for a liquidated and ascertainable amount:
Byles ([32] supra) at paras 19–036 to 19–037; Nova (Jersey) Knit Ltd v
Kammgarn Spinnerei GmbH [1977] 1 WLR 713 at 720. Some earlier authorities
apparently treated the claim on a bill as indivisible, so that partial failure
of consideration even if liquidated could not be pleaded as a defence, but the
modern law, in the way I have just stated it, is clear: Byles at para 19–037 n
114.

105 Finally, it would be useful to discuss a case involving a dishonoured
cheque in which these principles were applied, namely, Autobiography Ltd v
Byrne  [2005] EWHC 213 (Ch) (“Autobiography”), which is cited with approval in
Byles ([32] supra) at para 19–011\. A wife drew a cheque on a joint account
with her husband to meet a debt of a company in which they were both
shareholders, and of which the husband was a director. The company then
procured for the creditor a bank draft, which was paid, but the cheque was
later dishonoured. The wife’s defence against the company’s claim on the
cheque was that no consideration had passed from the company. Allowing the
claim, the court held that the cheque was supported by consideration because
it was unrealistic to suggest that no benefit had been conferred on the wife
given her interest in the company. The court emphasised that consideration
here had to be viewed in a commercial context, which suggested that the wife
did not intend the cheque as a gift to the company. Autobiography thus
illustrates that the focus is on determining whether consideration has moved
from the drawer, and if the cheque has been issued in a commercial context,
that should be taken into account too.

106 In view of these principles, I turn to consider the defendant’s two
arguments. As regards its first argument, it is clear to me, firstly, that the
defendant’s reliance on Ooi Ching Ling ([100] supra) is misconceived because
that case concerns failure of consideration in the restitutionary, not
contractual, sense. Thus, to the extent that the defendant’s argument is
premised on restitutionary principles, I reject it.

107 Second, given that the plaintiff did transfer €200,000 into the
defendant’s bank account, it cannot be said that no consideration moved from
the plaintiff in support of the cheque. If Tahir and Johari later applied
those funds for their own personal benefit, that is simply irrelevant to the
question whether the cheque was supported by consideration from the plaintiff.

108 Third, the defendant has not raised the argument that because €200,000 out
of the €400,000 was transferred to Tahir and not to the defendant, there was a
partial failure of consideration based on an ascertainable amount of €200,000,
and it can therefore rely on a pro tanto defence that absolves it of liability
to pay half the sum in the cheque. But even if this argument were to be
raised, I would reject it. It is well-established that while consideration
must move from the promisee, it need not move to the promisor, as long as the
promisee suffers some detriment at the promisor’s request: Edwin Peel, The Law
of Contract (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2015) at para 3–024\. Here, the fact
that €200,000 went to Tahir and not to the defendant does not change the fact
that the plaintiff paid out a sum total of €400,000 as requested by the
defendant as consideration for the cheque. I also take into account the
commercial context of this case: Autobiography ([105] supra); in the light of
the clear terms of the agreement, it is inconceivable that the defendant
issued the cheque to the plaintiff as a gift.

109 For these reasons, I reject the defendant’s first argument.

110 The defendant’s second argument looks less like an argument that it
suffered a failure of consideration and more like an argument that it is
entitled to assert an equitable set-off in the value of €200,000 should the
plaintiff succeed, or a submission that any judgment for the plaintiff must be
coupled with a stay of execution as to €200,000 pending the defendant’s
formulation and advancement of a suitable counterclaim. The defendant raised
neither possibility. In any event, the former means nothing without an actual
counterclaim advanced by the defendant, and the latter was not applied for and
need not be considered further.

111 Accordingly, I find that there is no triable issue as to whether the
defendant has suffered a total or quantified partial failure of consideration.

112 However, as I have found that the defendant has raised triable issues of
fraud and illegality, it is nevertheless entitled to leave to defend, in one
form or another.

Issue 4: Conditional or unconditional leave

113 I now come to the form of the leave to defend which I should grant the
defendant. The applicable principles were summarised in Wee Cheng Swee Henry
([29] supra) at [81]:

The classic formulation is that conditional leave to defend is the appropriate
order when the defendant has succeeded in showing a reasonable probability of
a real or bona fide defence which ought to be tried, but that defence is
shadowy. Characterising a defence as shadowy is as much a matter of impression
as it is of analysis. If one tries to capture that characterisation in words,
one can say that a defence is shadowy if the defendant’s evidence is barely
sufficient to rise to the level of showing a reasonable probability of a bona
fide defence. Alternatively, one can say a defence is shadowy if the evidence
is such that the plaintiff has very nearly succeeded in securing judgment.

114 In Rals International (HC) at [151], I observed that the cash equivalence
principle is deeply embedded in our law, both substantive and procedural. In
our procedural law, it means that a court will give summary judgment to a
plaintiff suing on a bill of exchange save in exceptional circumstances. The
nature of a bill of exchange as a cash equivalent implies, logically and
conceptually, that a plaintiff suing on a bill of exchange will almost always
come very close to securing judgment against the defendant. That formulation
mirrors the language of Wee Cheng Swee Henry. I consider this implication to
be a true and accurate description of the plaintiff’s case here. At this stage
of the proceedings, it seems to me improbable that the defendant will succeed
in showing that the plaintiff, Tahir and Johari fraudulently procured the
cheque from the defendant through the instrumentality of the parties’
agreement. As a result, it is appropriate to impose a condition on the
defendant’s leave. I come to this conclusion for several reasons.

115 First, the defendant has produced no contemporaneous evidence of any form
of coordination or correspondence between Lam, Tahir and Johari at or around
13 June 2014 to indicate that they prepared and executed the parties’
agreement in order to defraud the defendant. Instead, the defendant relies
only on events after the agreement was concluded as circumstantial evidence of
the alleged fraud. In particular, as the assistant registrar observed, there
is no evidence that sheds direct light on the plaintiff’s state of mind on 13
June 2014 when the agreement was concluded. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Notes of Evidence dated 21 June 2016, page 5.

116 Second, not only is the evidence of fraud not contemporaneous with the
parties’ agreement – as one would expect it to be if the defendant’s case on
fraud were well-founded – but the evidence is also far from strong. For
example, I accept that there is no immediately apparent explanation for the
plaintiff’s delay in presenting the cheque. But equally, there is no evidence
to show that the defendant, in November 2014, considered the plaintiff’s delay
in presenting the cheque as raising a suspicion of fraudulent conduct. For
example, the defendant did not react to presentation by telling the plaintiff
that it was not entitled to present the cheque or by countermanding the
cheque.

117 Third, fraud on the part of the plaintiff is not a reasonable explanation
for the plaintiff’s conduct. To date, the plaintiff is the only party that has
suffered any loss under the parties’ agreement. It transferred €400,000 to
Tahir and the defendant. It has received absolutely nothing in return. If the
plaintiff succeeds in its claim on the cheque, it will recover only the value
of the sum it transferred. A fraudster is hardly likely to part with a
significant sum of money only to seek its recovery a few months later. By
contrast, the defendant cannot point to any value or interest it had in its
possession before the agreement which it lost as a result of entering into the
agreement.

118 Accordingly, I also do not regard as credible the assertion contained in a
handwritten note allegedly by prepared by Tahir to the effect that it was the
plaintiff who defaulted on the parties’ agreement and thus failed to provide
the defendant with the necessary bank coordinates. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, page 28.

If the plaintiff had already discharged the greater obligation of transferring
€400,000 to the defendant and Tahir, there is no apparent explanation for why
the plaintiff would not have readily discharged the lesser and simpler
obligation of providing the defendant the necessary banking coordinates to
facilitate the transfer of the €10m under the agreement.

119 Fourth, the defendant’s own evidence undermines its own case more than it
supports it. I consider first the difficulties associated with Tahir’s email
dated 22 March 2016. First, while the email suggests that Bala did not know
about the parties’ agreement, 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 84.

this does not assist the defendant’s case if Tahir was the managing director
of the defendant at the material time and was doing business on behalf of the
defendant. That latter fact is not denied by the defendant and is a fact which
is consistent with the plaintiff’s case. Second, there is an inconsistency
between Tahir’s suggestion in the email that he was not involved in the
plaintiff’s attempt to “play” with the defendant on the one hand, and the
defendant’s case that Tahir was involved in the conspiracy to defraud the
defendant on the other. Third, there is a further inconsistency between
Tahir’s assertion in the email that Johari knew about the transaction and
Tahir’s statement in a letter dated 25 March 2014 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, page 24.

that only Tahir was involved in the transaction and that no other directors or
associates were involved.

120 The general picture which emerges therefore is that Tahir was involved in
concluding the parties’ agreement, and that the defendant now has allegedly no
knowledge of the precise circumstances surrounding Tahir’s involvement. This
is no basis at all for the bold assertion that the plaintiff conspired with
Tahir and Johari to defraud the defendant.

121 Next, I consider the handwritten note allegedly prepared by Tahir which I
referred to at [118] above. It appears to be written on the company notepaper
of a company called MTN Investments Pte Ltd, which has the address 41 Senoko
Drive, Singapore 758249. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, pages 27 to 31.

Notably, this was also the defendant’s address at least until October 2014 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

2nd Affidavit of Kin Lam dated 26 April 2016, page 10.

and possibly even until April 2016. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

3rd Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, page 37.

While the defendant submits that, as an engineering company, it is not in the
business of investing and therefore had no reason to be involved in procuring
the SBLC, 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 102.

it makes no mention in these proceedings of the existence of MTN Investments
Pte Ltd. Tahir has been a director of MTN Investments Pte Ltd since 2009. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

1st Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan, page 9.

It is ostensibly an investment company possibly connected to the defendant and
possibly operating out of the same address. Accordingly, one cannot help but
suspect that the defendant has not told the court all that it knows about the
background to the parties’ agreement. In light of this, I find it difficult to
give serious weight to the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff is
involved in a fraud perpetrated against it through the instrumentality of the
agreement.

122 Fifth, in view of these reasons, I do not see how the facts of Van Lynn
([42] supra) highlight the strength of the defendant’s case, as the defendant
seeks to argue. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraphs 121 and 122.

In Van Lynn, the plaintiff took an assignment of the defendant’s debt from a
bank and sought summary judgment on the debt. At first instance, the defendant
secured leave to defend conditional on securing the entire claim by a payment
into court. The English Court of Appeal upheld the decision. It held the
notice of assignment to be valid and the defendant’s defences of fraud and
conspiracy between the plaintiff and the bank to be without basis and shadowy
at best. Insofar as there appears to be more circumstantial evidence in the
present case indicative of fraud, that evidence is riddled with holes and
inconsistencies. Neither is it correct to say that any defence which is
stronger than that in Van Lynn will result in unconditional leave.

123 Accordingly, while I accept that the defendant has made out a prospect of
a defence of fraud or illegality, it is one which falls short of justifying
unconditional leave to defend. While the defence is not wholly devoid of
substance, the overall impression is such that some demonstration of
commitment on the part of the defendant to the claimed defence is necessary:
Abdul Salam ([35] supra) at [44]. I have therefore imposed a condition.

Issue 5: Appropriate sum as security

124 The court has an unqualified and widely framed discretion as to the type
of condition to impose on a grant of leave to defend to ensure that justice is
done in any particular case: Mohd Zain bin Abdullah v Chimbusco International
Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd [2014] 2 SLR 446 (“Chimbusco”) at [39]. As O 14
r 4(1) of the Rules of Court anticipates, however, the condition imposed
typically requires the defendant to provide security for all or part of the
plaintiff’s claim. In the present case, the assistant registrar fixed the
quantum of security to be provided by the defendant at $450,000. I have
arrived at the same conclusion.

125 The quantum of the security to be required of a defendant must be fixed
with two factors in mind: first, doing justice to the plaintiff in light of
the strength of the plaintiff’s case and the uncertainties attached to the
defendant’s defences; and second, doing justice to the defendant in light of
her financial means: Wee Cheng Swee Henry ([29] supra) at [112]. In
considering the second of these factors, the court should be guided by the
following principles, as stated in Wee Cheng Swee Henry at [118]:

(a) having decided to grant a defendant leave to defend, it is wrong in
principle to impose a condition on that leave which the defendant would find
impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply with;

(b) the defendant bears the burden, in every sense of the word, of showing
that it would be impossible – as opposed to merely difficult – to comply with
a condition which the court proposes to impose on the leave to defend;

(c) in discharging that burden, the defendant has a duty fully and frankly to
disclose her financial position to the court; and

(d) in considering whether it is impossible – as opposed to merely difficult –
for the defendant to comply with the condition, it is legitimate to have
regard not just to the defendant’s own financial resources, but also to the
financial resources of those who might reasonably be expected to extend
financial assistance to her in her hour of need.

126 The defendant sought to adduce before me additional evidence of its
financial means through Bala’s fifth and eight affidavits. I allowed the
defendant’s application. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 50.

It appears to me that, in light of the usual manner in our procedure by which
a condition comes to be attached to leave to defend, the defendant ought to be
allowed an opportunity to put evidence of his means before the court, ideally
before the assistant registrar but even on appeal to a judge in chambers. As
Brooke LJ said in Anglo-Eastern Trust Ltd & Another v Kermanshahchi [2002]
EWCA Civ 198 at [68]:

It has always been a feature of the summary judgment procedure that the
plaintiff … is unlikely to want to refer to the possibility of a conditional
order being made, and the defendant is unlikely, unless pressed, to want to
refer to any lack of means when asserting that its defence has a real prospect
of success. The former would regard any reference to a conditional order as a
sign of weakness because its desire is to persuade the court that the
defendant has no real defence. The latter is unlikely to wish to parade its
lack of means when contesting the merits of the claim, because this might
encourage the court to look more critically into the merits of the defence it
wishes to put forward in response to a claim which it knows it cannot pay. In
these circumstances a court should not as a general rule make an order of the
type made [by the court below] in the absence of any evidence about the
defendant’s means unless it is satisfied that the defendant has been given
appropriate prior notice, which may be given informally by letter (as opposed
to a formal application), to the effect that if the summary judgment
application fails the claimant will be seeking a conditional order along the
lines set out in the letter. The defendant can then prepare a witness
statement as to its means, for production at the stage of the proceedings when
the court says it intends to make a conditional order.

127 However, the defendant bears the burden of fully and frankly disclosing
its assets. It is not for the plaintiff to produce evidence of the defendant’s
means or even to identify for the defendant the specific manner in which the
plaintiff asserts that the defendant’s disclosure is inadequate. Having
received and considered the defendant’s evidence of its means, I agree with
the plaintiff that that evidence is insufficient to meet the burden on the
defendant to avoid any condition whatsoever being attached to its leave to
defend. I turn now to consider the parties’ arguments.

128 The plaintiff advances two principal arguments why the defendant should be
ordered to provide security for the full value of the plaintiff’s claim, ie,
$678,016.94. First, the plaintiff submits that the defendant’s ledger accounts
exhibited in Bala’s third affidavit show that the defendant has the means to
provide the full sum as security. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 21.

Second, the plaintiff submits that the further evidence adduced by the
defendant is inadequate in three respects: (i) the statements of the
defendant’s three bank accounts are only for the month of August 2016 when
this action was commenced in February 2016, which raises a concern over
whether the defendant has dissipated its assets between those two dates; 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 43.

(ii) apart from these bank statements and a list of some of its liabilities,
the defendant has failed to list its assets or to show that its banking
facilities have been frozen; 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 43.

and (iii) there is no objective evidence to support Bala’s allegations that
his mother, Padma, is unable to fund the defendant or that Bala and his wife,
Shamalah, are undergoing divorce proceedings. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, pages 43 and 44.

129 The defendant on the other hand submits, first, that the assistant
registrar was wrong to rely on the ledger account exhibited in Bala’s third
affidavit. The account recorded only the movements of money into and out of
the defendant’s bank account between November 2013 and September 2014 and did
not in any event reveal the defendant’s financial means either in that period
or today. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 131.

Even if the court were to rely on the ledger account, the defendant submits
that it should have relied on the last page, which states a closing balance of
only $112,720.81. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 134; 3rd
Affidavit of Redhy @ B Balamurugan dated 10 May 2016, page 40.

130 Next, the defendant submits that, even if it is ordered to provide
security, the starting point for the quantum should be €200,000. That is the
penalty sum which the defendant is entitled to as a result to the plaintiff’s
default in failing to transfer the €400,000 within two international banking
days. But given that even that sum would stifle the defence and the third
party proceedings against Tahir and Johari, the court should fix only a “token
sum” as the quantum for security. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defendant’s Written Submissions dated 2 August 2016, paragraph 135.

131 I accept the plaintiff’s submission on the inadequacy of the financial
information which the defendant has disclosed, insofar as it relates to the
defendant and its sole directors and shareholders. Indeed, the defendant
acknowledges that it has produced no direct evidence of the defendant’s
shareholders’ financial standing. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 42.

It also has no response to the plaintiff’s submission that Bala has made only
a bare assertion that neither he nor his mother is in a position to inject
fresh funds into the defendant. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Certified Transcript dated 19 September 2016, page 42.

132 In the circumstances, I have come to the same conclusion as the assistant
registrar. I have ordered that the defendant furnish $450,000 as security for
the plaintiff’s claim. While there is no starting point in fixing the quantum
of security (see Chimbusco ([124] supra) at [39]), I would have been minded to
require the defendant to furnish security for the full value of the
plaintiff’s claim, bearing in mind the strength of the plaintiff’s case,
bearing in mind that it is an action on an instrument which is the equivalent
of cash and bearing in mind the weakness of the defendant’s defence. I have
then applied to that figure a discount of one-third. That is the maximum
concession which I can make to the defendant’s uncorroborated evidence and
submissions about its financial status and that of the persons who stand
behind it.

Conclusion

133 For all these reasons, I have dismissed both the plaintiff and defendant’s
appeals against the order of the assistant registrar. I have granted the
defendant leave to defend the plaintiff’s claim, that leave conditional on the
defendant furnishing security to the plaintiff for its claim in the sum of
$450,000 by way of a banker’s guarantee or in such other form as the parties
may agree. I have also ordered the costs of and incidental to the appeals to
be costs in the cause.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Chong Xin Yi, Yeo Mui Lin and Wong Jun Weng (Ignatius J and Associates) for
the plaintiff;  
Ganga Avadiar and Asik Sadayan (Advocatus Law LLP) for defendant.  

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

