Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 101

Criminal Case No 12 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Shanmugam A/L Applanaidu

judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Shanmugam a/l Applanaidu

[2017] SGHC 101

High Court — Criminal Case No 12 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
7–10, 14–16 March 2017; 11 April 2017

15 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, a 20 year-old Malaysian, was arrested on 18 December 2014 at
about 7.55pm when he drove his Malaysian registered car JQK 9845 through the
Woodlands Checkpoint in Singapore. Immigration officers detained him when they
found two blocks of vegetable matter hidden in the engine air filter
compartment of the car. The vegetable matter was ascertained to be the
cannabis and cannabis mixture that are part of the subject matter of the two
charges upon which the accused was jointly charged before me. Two more blocks
of cannabis and fragmented vegetable matter were found in the back cushion of
the driver’s seat and two more in the back cushion of the front passenger
seat. The total of six blocks were analysed and found to contain not less than
1,969.3g of cannabis and 3,584.2g of cannabis mixture. These facts are not
disputed by the accused. He faces two charges under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for importing the said cannabis and
cannabis mixture without authorisation.

2 The only two issues are whether the accused was in possession of the drugs
and if so, whether he knew the nature of the drugs in his possession (ie,
cannabis and cannabis mixture). The Prosecution, led by Deputy Public
Prosecutor Shahla Iqbal (“Ms Shahla”), relies on the presumptions of
possession under s 18(1) and s 21 of the Act to prove its case. It is
incontrovertible that s 18(1) applies because the accused was driving the car
containing the drugs. Hence, he is presumed to have those drugs in his
possession. Section 21 is even more specific when it provides that, “if any
drug is found in any vehicle, it shall, until the contrary is proved, be
presumed to be in the possession of the owner of the vehicle and of the person
in charge of the vehicle”.

3 The accused elected to testify after his defence was called. He was the sole
witness for his defence. To rebut the presumption, the accused said that he
was instructed by one “Siva” to drive the car containing illegal items into
Singapore and leave it in a car park at Kranji. He admitted that he knew that
illegal items were placed in the engine of his car but said that he did not
know what those items were. In his 21 December 2014 statement, he said that
these items could be “drugs or cigarettes”. At trial, he denied mentioning
this and claimed that “illegal items” meant “knife or… something else” to him.
His own counsel, in closing submissions, acknowledges that “illegal items can
be anything ranging from contraband cigarettes, medicines and other forms of
drugs which are banned in Singapore”. He further claimed that he only knew
about the items in the engine but did not know about the existence of the
items in the cushions behind the driver and passenger seats. This is contrary
to Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officer Muhammad Khairul Bin Khairudin’s
statement that the accused that had told him that there were illegal items in
the car, but he was not sure of their exact location. In the accused’s
contemporaneous statement, he acknowledged that Siva told him that “whatever
items inside the car will already be concealed”. Even if the accused did not
say that he knew that these “illegal items” could be drugs, or did not know
precisely where the drugs were concealed, he accepted that these “illegal
items” were concealed in the car in various areas, and knowingly agreed to
drive that car into Singapore. This is sufficient to find that he has not
rebutted the presumption and is in possession of the six bundles of cannabis
and cannabis mixture.

4 The second issue is whether the accused knew the nature of the drugs he
possessed, ie, that it was cannabis and cannabis mixture. As he is unable to
rebut the presumption of possession under s 18(1) or s 21 of the Act, he is
presumed to know the specific nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the Act. The
accused again claims that he did not know that there were drugs inside the
car, much less cannabis and cannabis mixture, and had no opportunity to check
till the point he was arrested. His defence is therefore a plain denial of
knowledge of the exact nature of the illegal items he was carrying. He only
tries to support this defence by saying that Siva was constantly following him
to make sure that he (the accused) did not stop to check the items, thus
giving him no chance to do so.

5 In the cautioned statement, the accused admitted that Siva offered him
RM$800 to deliver “things in the car” to “a couple”. He stated that he was
told that the couple would drive the car away for a while and then return it
to the same place they took it. They would then put some money in the
passenger seat. The accused said that he was supposed to bring the money from
that couple back to him (Siva). This statement is of little assistance to the
Defence. It has snatches of truth, but its significance lies in what it does
not say. It does not say that the accused did not know what he was carrying in
his car. Neither does it explain why he did not try to find out what those
things were.

6 The accused also proved to be an unreliable witness whenever his
relationship with Siva was brought up. He tried to distance himself from Siva
by claiming that he had met Siva for the first time only two days before his
arrest. This proved to be inconsistent with what he told the psychiatrist from
the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”), Dr Rajesh Jacob (“Dr Rajesh”), who has
it on his notes and subsequently testified in court that the accused told him
that he had met Siva in Perak and again in Johore. The accused retracted in
court what he had told Dr Rajesh. Even the forensic evidence from the
accused’s phone records showed that the accused was in contact with Siva, not
from 16 December 2014 as he claimed, but since 11 December 2014. The accused
explains this by claiming that his friend “Boy” used his (the accused’s) phone
to call Siva. This is inconsistent with the fact that “Boy” has his own phone
(it is saved as a contact in Siva’s phone) and that multiple calls were made
to Siva on the accused’s phone. There is no explanation for why Boy would have
needed to borrow the accused’s phone to make more than 20 calls to Siva in the
week preceding the accused’s arrest.

7 After the accused was arrested, and still at the Woodlands Checkpoint, CNB
officers took over custody of the accused and the car. The accused initially
denied that Siva and another person known as “Boy” or “Mugen” were involved.
He told the officers that the car belonged to his brother. Subsequently, when
interviewed by Senior Station Inspector Md Azman Bin Idris, the accused
admitted that he was to go to Kranji on Siva’s instructions. A Checkpoint
Inspector from the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”), R
Subramaniam (“CI Subramaniam”), acted as the Tamil interpreter because the
accused claimed that he did not understand Malay. The accused was then
instructed to call Siva. The call was made on the accused’s phone, which was
placed on “speaker mode” so that CI Subramaniam could listen to Siva. CI
Subramaniam testified in court that the accused did not answer any of Siva’s
questions. Finally, when Siva asked whether the accused was arrested, the
accused replied that he could not hear Siva and the line was then
disconnected. When the accused was instructed to call again, Siva did not pick
up the call. CI Subramaniam testified that he could hear Siva clearly. The
conclusion I can draw from this was that the accused pretended not to be able
to hear Siva’s question “got caught, is it?” and thus deliberately tipped him
off. This is an incongruous conduct and is inconsistent with someone who
claims that he did not know what illegal items he was carrying.

8 The evidence as a whole makes the accused to be an unreliable witness and I
do not find his evidence truthful or coherent. Further, the conduct of the
accused from the time of his arrest to the testimony he gave in court is
incongruent with someone who truly did not know what it was that he had in his
possession. The accused is a very young man but he did not strike me as simple
and naïve. On the contrary it seems to me that he was perfectly aware of the
situation he was in the moment he was detained at the Woodlands Checkpoint.
Even in the presence of the ICA and CNB officers, the accused was calm enough
to try alerting Siva that he (the accused) had been arrested.

9 The accused also claims that he had only driven the car into Singapore
because Siva had threatened to “disturb” his family, and that he was deprived
of the opportunity to check the car because he was followed all the way to the
Malaysian customs. His story is again contradictory in several respects (eg,
whether it was Siva and one Motteh, or Motteh alone, who had followed him).
The purported threat was also extremely vague and the accused could not give a
consistent account of when the threats had been made to him. In his long
statements, he had also admitted that money, and not Siva’s threat, was his
primary motivation for driving the car into Singapore. Further, he testified
in court that he had the opportunity to check the car after he had cleared the
Malaysian customs, since Motteh’s car had turned back before reaching customs.
He had the “thought” to check, but he decided that he would just “give the
car, return, take the money and go back to hometown”.

10 I am therefore unable to find that he has discharged the presumption under
s 18(2) of the Act. The incontrovertible evidence is such that the accused
cannot ignore the fact that he might be carrying banned drugs. He had
testified to realising that the job for a cleaner in Singapore was a lie,
being offered more than his monthly salary for one drive into Singapore,
knowing that the items he was carrying was illegal (and failing to give any
credible account of what he thought the items were), and having seen similar
bundles in Siva’s possession before. His evidence shows that the only reason
he did not check or enquire (although I do not believe his claim that he had
no opportunity to check) what he was carrying, was that he either already knew
that it was cannabis or that if he were to check he would have seen that it
was cannabis. If he did not check it was only because he did not want to know
– or that he already knew.

11 I note for completeness that Dr Rajesh’s medical report stated that “on
18th November 2014, 6 packets of cannabis were handed over to the [accused]
who went on to hide the packets in the car with the help of his accomplices”.
The accused had used the word “ganja” to describe what Dr Rajesh translated to
be “cannabis”. This is strong evidence that the accused was knowingly in
possession of the cannabis. The accused denied ever saying that and that Dr
Rajesh spoke to him in a “clean Tamil” he did not understand. I find the
accused’s allegations unconvincing. Dr Rajesh testified that he was fluent in
Tamil and had prepared the report based on three interviews with the accused.
The purpose of the last interview was specifically to go through the contents
of the draft report with the accused. Dr Rajesh had also recorded the
accused’s personal history accurately, showing that he had no problems
communicating with the accused. There is no reason for Dr Rajesh to lie.
Nevertheless, given that the accused has not mentioned anything similar in any
of his statements or testimony, and strongly denies having made that
statement, I did not rely on Dr Rajesh’s medical report in my determination of
the accused’s guilt.

12 For these reasons I find that the accused was not truthful and that he
failed to prove on the balance of probabilities that he did not possess the
drugs, and did not know the nature of the drugs in his possession. I therefore
find him guilty as charged. I also find that he was only acting as a courier
and his role was confined to delivering or transporting the drugs under s
33B(2)(a)(i) of the Act. His role was to drive the car into Singapore and
leave it in the Kranji car park, and afterwards to drive the car back to
Malaysia with the payment collected.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Shahla Iqbal and Star Chen (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the prosecution;  
A Revi Shanker s/o K Annamalai (AR Shanker Law Chambers) and Krishna
Ramakrishna Sharma (LDB Law LLP) for the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

