Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 86

Criminal Case No 55 of 2016

Between

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
And

Suhaimi Bin Said  
---  
  
grounds of decision

[Criminal law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Drug
trafficking]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Suhaimi Bin Said

[2017] SGHC 86

High Court — Criminal Case No 55 of 2016

  
1

8-21, 25-28 October 2016; 22 March 2017

25 April 2017

Foo Chee Hock JC:

1 The accused – Suhaimi Bin Said – a Singaporean male, claimed trial to the
following charge:

That you, SUHAIMI BIN SAID,

on the 19 June 2014 at about 10.40 am, at Blk 26 Sector A Sin Ming Industrial
Estate #09-138, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class
A of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed), to
wit, by having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, eighty three
(83) packets containing not less than 1747.04 grams of granular/powdery
substance, which was analysed and found to contain not less than 45.58 grams
of diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations
made thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) and punishable under Section 33(1) of the said Act, and further upon your
conviction, you may alternatively be liable to be punished under Section 33B
of the same Act.

2 On 19 June 2014, at or about 10.40am, the accused was arrested by Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers outside Block 26 Sector A, Sin Ming
Industrial Estate #09-138 (“the Sin Ming Unit”). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Agreed Statement of Facts at paras 2–3.

At the time of his arrest, the accused was 41 years old and was an odd job
worker. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 177, para 1.

A search of the Sin Ming Unit yielded several drug exhibits, including 83
packets containing not less than 1747.04g of granular/powdery substance (“83
Packets”) 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Agreed Statement of Facts at para 9.

as follows: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Agreed Statement of Facts at para 4; Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para
26.

(a) One envelope (“B1A”) containing ten packets of brown/granular powdery
substance (“B1A1”);

(b) One envelope (“B1B”) containing ten packets of brown/granular powdery
substance (“B1B1”);

(c) One envelope (“B1C”) containing ten packets of brown/granular powdery
substance (“B1C1”);

(d) One envelope (“C2A”) containing ten packets of brown/granular powdery
substance (“C2A1”);

(e) One envelope (“C2B”) containing ten packets of brown/granular powdery
substance (“C2B1”);

(f) One newspaper (“C2C”) containing a bundle wrapped with black tape (“C2C1”)
which was cut open and found to contain a bundle of brown/granular powdery
substance (“C2C1A”);

(g) One white envelope (“D1A1A”) containing ten packets of brown/granular
powdery substance (“D1A1A1”);

(h) One white envelope ( “D1A1B”) containing ten packets of brown/granular
powdery substance (“D1A1B1”);

(i) One white envelope (“D1A1C”) containing ten packets of brown/granular
powdery substance (“D1A1C1”);

(j) A transparent plastic bag (“D1A2A”) containing one bundle of
brown/granular powdery substance (“D1A2A1”); and

(k) One black taped bundle (“D1B1A”) which was cut open and found to contain a
bundle of brown/granular powdery substance (“D1B1A1”).

3 The 83 Packets found in the accused’s possession formed the subject matter
of the charge. After being seized, they were analysed by the Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”) and were found to contain not less than 45.58g of
diamorphine in total. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Statement of Facts at para 9.

The HSA analysis revealed that: 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 30.

(a) B1A1 contained not less than 1.61g of diamorphine; 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

P49 in Agreed Bundle at pp 68–69.

(b) B1B1 contained not less than 2.02g of diamorphine; 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P50 in Agreed Bundle at pp 70–71.

(c) B1C1 contained not less than 1.74g of diamorphine; 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P51 in Agreed Bundle at pp 72–73.

(d) C2A1 contained not less than 1.93g of diamorphine; 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P53 in Agreed Bundle at pp 76–77.

(e) C2B1 contained not less than 2.01g of diamorphine; 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P52 in Agreed Bundle at pp 74–75.

(f) C2C1A contained not less than 11.06g of diamorphine; 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

P54 in Agreed Bundle at p 78.

(g) D1A1A1 contained not less than 1.81g of diamorphine; 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

P59 in Agreed Bundle at pp 83–84.

(h) D1A1B1 contained not less than 1.81g of diamorphine; 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

P60 in Agreed Bundle at pp 85–86.

(i) D1A1C1 contained not less than 1.79g of diamorphine; 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P61 in Agreed Bundle at pp 87–88.

(j) D1A2A1 contained not less than 6.51g of diamorphine; 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

P56 in Agreed Bundle at p 80.

and

(k) D1B1A1 contained not less than 13.29g of diamorphine. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

P57 in Agreed Bundle at p 81.

4 Sometime around May or June 2014, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 4.

the accused was at a coffee shop located at “Blk 22 Sin Ming” when an Indian
man approached him. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 179, para 8.

The Indian man identified himself as either “Siva” or “Selvam” (hereinafter
“Siva”), and offered the accused a part-time job. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 179, para 9.

The accused asked Siva what the part-time job entailed, and Siva explained
that the accused would be a “packer” of heroin 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 179, para 9; Transcript, Day 6, p 5.

(a street name for diamorphine). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 36.

The accused was told that he “would need to receive the heroin and repack it
into smaller packets and [Siva] would inform [him] [whom] to deliver the
heroin to”. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 179, para 9.

In return, the accused would receive $200 for every batu (meaning “bundle”) of
diamorphine that he packed and delivered. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 5.

Incentivised by the monetary rewards, the accused accepted the job offer. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Transcript, Day 6, pp 6–7.

Siva then gave the accused a SIM card, 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Transcript, Day 6, pp 6–7.

which would subsequently be used by drug suppliers and customers to contact
the accused.

5 On the morning of 19 June 2014, at about 6.30am, the accused met two unknown
males at a bus stop opposite “Blk 26 Sin Ming”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 28; P71 in Statements of the Accused at p 209, para 31.

The accused boarded their car and was asked to retrieve a cloth bag containing
four batus of diamorphine from beneath the car seat (referred to as the “Third
Batch” for the reason stated at [10]). 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Transcript, Day 6, pp 29 and 32.

The unknown males told the accused that he would earn $300 for each batu,
which was $100 more than what Siva had promised him. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P71 in Statements of the Accused at p 210, para 33.

The accused was initially reluctant to take the cloth bag because it contained
four batus of diamorphine, which he thought were “too many”, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 29.

but he eventually agreed to do so. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

P71 in Statements of the Accused at p 210, para 33.

6 At this juncture, it ought to be noted that the Defence did not allege
duress. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Transcript, Day 10, p 12.

But the accused claimed at trial that he was afraid that “something would
happen to [him]” if he had refused to take the four batus. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 38.

After considering the evidence in its entirety, I found that there was no
duress and that his allegations could not be believed. First, this fear was
not mentioned in the accused’s statements, 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 38.

wherein he stated that he agreed to help out because it would be his “last
assignment”. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

P71 in Statements of the Accused at p 210, para 33.

Second, while under cross-examination, he insisted that he would not have
counted the sale proceeds from the four batus. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 24–25.

Third, he claimed that he did not care whether or not he could repack a batu
into the instructed number of small packets. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 16.

A person who operated under fear amounting to duress would not have been so
nonchalant about complying with the instructions given to him. I thus agreed
with the Prosecution’s submissions that there was no duress made out on the
facts. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 57–58.

7 Upon returning to the Sin Ming Unit with the cloth bag, the accused received
a call from an unknown caller who apologised for passing four batus of
diamorphine to the accused. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 35.

The accused “scolded the caller and told him that [the accused] will be
sentenced to death if [the accused] was arrested”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 35.

But the caller assured him that there were already customers waiting for the
four batus and that it was possible to finish delivering all the diamorphine
on the same day. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 35.

Upon hearing this, the accused agreed to “help” but told the caller that he
“[did] not want to work anymore for them after [the] job”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 35.

8 Within the cloth bag, the accused found a box containing small plastic
packets and a piece of paper instructing the accused to repack the four batus.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 36.

The instructions were as follows: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, para 37.

The first instruction was to standby 40 smaller packets of heroin for their
customers. … The second instruction was to standby 20 packets of heroin with 1
‘batu’. The third instruction was to standby 30 packets of heroin and half
‘batu’ in one plastic bag. The fourth instruction was to place 1 ‘batu’ into a
plastic bag.

9 The accused proceeded to repack two of the batus into 90 small packets and
half a batu. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 212, para 38.

Thereafter, hours before his arrest, the accused passed ten of these small
packets to an unknown Eurasian lady and received $850. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 213, paras 44–45.

Since the accused had already parted with possession of the ten small packets,
they did not form part of the present charge. To be sure, the remaining 83
Packets (comprising 80 small packets, two batus and half of a batu) found in
the Sin Ming Unit were from the Third Batch, 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 212, paras 36–42.

and these 83 Packets formed the subject matter of the charge. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 16.

10 At this point, it ought to be noted that evidence pertaining to the
accused’s prior drug dealings, which were not part of the present charge, was
adduced by the Prosecution (“Collateral Evidence”). Without specifying the
details, the Collateral Evidence showed that the accused, prior to the Third
Batch, had inter alia repacked a number of batus from two separate batches of
diamorphine into smaller packets and had delivered diamorphine to various
people and collected money. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

P71 in Statements of the Accused at p 206, paras 16–20 and p 208, paras 26–27.

For completeness, it should be added that the Collateral Evidence also
included the evidence concerning the ten small packets that were delivered to
the unknown Eurasian lady hours before the accused’s arrest.

11 The Defence did not object to the admission of the Collateral Evidence,
which it initially sought to rely on for the purposes of showing that the
accused was a mere courier under s 33B(2)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”) (“mere courier”) (see [20] below). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 13–14 at paras 20–22.

Nevertheless, given the “thorny difficulties” that could arise out of the
Collateral Evidence (see Rosman bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor [2017] 1 SLR
10 (“Rosman”) at [32]), the Prosecution and the Defence were invited to
evaluate the relevant and potential issues. Both parties then made a
considered decision to confine their submissions only to evidence relating to
the 83 Packets (from the Third Batch). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Transcript, Day 10, pp 5–6 and 30–31.

Given that all parties had decided not to rely on the Collateral Evidence, I
directed my mind solely to the evidence in relation to the 83 Packets and
disregarded the Collateral Evidence and its “possible effect(s)”: see Rosman
at [33]. So much for the evidence and the parties’ position relating to the
issue of whether the accused was a mere courier. As for the evidence to be
utilised for the purpose of the conviction, it was common ground that the
evidence was to be restricted to the evidence relating to the 83 Packets.

The conviction

12 With regard to the 83 Packets, I was satisfied that the Prosecution had
established the following elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s
5(2) of the MDA: (a) possession of a controlled drug; (b) knowledge of the
nature of the drug; and (c) possession of the drug for the purpose of
trafficking which was not authorised: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 21.

see Muhammad Ridzuan bin Md Ali v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2014] 3
SLR 721 at [59].

13 First, the element of possession was established beyond contest. The 83
Packets were recovered from the Sin Ming Unit which the accused had rented,
and the accused admitted that he had possession of the 83 Packets. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 56–57.

He also did not challenge the HSA’s analysis that the 83 Packets collectively
contained not less than 45.58g of diamorphine. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 56.

14 Second, it was also clear that the accused had known that the 83 Packets
contained diamorphine. On the stand, the accused admitted to knowing that the
substance which he had repacked into the 83 Packets was heroin 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 3 and 7.

because the people who passed him the batus told him so. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, Day 7, p 26; Transcript, Day 8, p 58.

Although the accused was unaware that heroin was a street name for
diamorphine, 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 58.

I agreed with the Prosecution that this was not an obstacle to a finding of
knowledge on the accused’s part: 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at paras 36–38.

see Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor [2011] 4 SLR 1156 at
[23]–[24].

15 Third, the accused had undoubtedly possessed the 83 Packets for the purpose
of trafficking without authorisation. The lack of authorisation was not (and
could not be) challenged by the Defence. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 60.

As for purpose, under s 2 of the MDA:

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning.

16 The accused admitted that he was given instructions to deliver the
diamorphine to various people 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 211, paras 35–37.

and that the diamorphine was for “selling”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused pp 177–178, paras 2–5.

He said in his contemporaneous statement as follows: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P67 in Statements of the Accused at p 119.

Q8 All the heroin claimed by you that you say is heroin were meant for what
purpose?

Ans For delivery.

Q9 For delivery to who?

Ans For my customers.

[emphasis added]

17 It was therefore patent that the accused had intended to traffic in the 83
Packets and would have delivered the drugs as instructed. In any event, the
accused’s possession of not less than 45.58g of diamorphine also triggered the
presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA, which read:

Presumption concerning trafficking

17\. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

18 The onus was thus on the accused to rebut the presumption on a balance of
probabilities. However, apart from his assertions, he did not adduce any
evidence to do so. While the accused agreed with the Prosecution that he was
in possession of the 83 Packets, he disagreed that he had possessed them for
the purposes of trafficking 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Transcript, Day 8, p 58.

or that he was a distributor of diamorphine for Siva. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 40–41.

Such baseless denials were insufficient to rebut the presumption under s 17(c)
of the MDA, given the overwhelming objective evidence and the accused’s own
admissions that he was only a mere courier 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript, Day 7, pp 7 and 10.

helping to “send” the 83 Packets. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript, Day 7, p 3.

19 I therefore found that the Prosecution had proved beyond a reasonable doubt
the elements of the offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the MDA.
Accordingly, I convicted the accused on the charge.

The sentence

20 Pursuant to s 33(1) and the Second Schedule of the MDA, the accused faced
the death sentence for trafficking in excess of 15g of diamorphine. The
Defence did not contest that the elements of the offence were made out. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Transcript, Day 10, pp 2–3.

Instead, the main issue on which the Defence sought the court’s determination
was whether the accused had met the conditions of s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA
(“Courier Exception”). 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 5–7, paras 1–5.

In other words, the principal finding sought by the Defence was whether the
accused’s role was that of a mere courier.

21 Under s 33B of the MDA, an accused who had been convicted of an offence
under s 5(1) and who faced the death sentence may instead be sentenced to life
imprisonment and caning of not less than 15 strokes if the requirements of s
33B(2) were met. The requirements were as follows:

(a) the person convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that his
involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) the Public Prosecutor certifies to any court that, in his determination,
the person has substantively assisted the Central Narcotics Bureau in
disrupting drug trafficking activities within or outside Singapore.

22 In short, there were two requirements that had to be satisfied before the
accused could avoid the death sentence. First, the accused had to show on a
balance of probabilities that he fell within the Courier Exception because his
involvement was restricted to the acts set out under s 33B(2)(a). Second, the
Public Prosecutor must certify under s 33B(2)(b) that he had substantively
assisted the CNB in disrupting drug trafficking activities (“Certificate of
Substantive Assistance”). Both requirements must be satisfied, and the issue
of whether an offender was a mere courier under s 33B(2)(a) was distinct from
whether he had rendered substantive assistance to the CNB: see Public
Prosecutor v Christeen d/o Jayamany and another [2015] SGHC 126 (“Christeen”)
at [46].

23 I begin by first setting out the law on the Courier Exception. In Public
Prosecutor v Chum Tat Suan and another [2015] 1 SLR 834 (“Chum Tat Suan”) at
[63]–[66], the Court of Appeal noted that Parliament intended for the Courier
Exception to apply only in very narrow circumstances where the offender’s
involvement was limited to “transporting, sending or delivering the drugs”.
Hence, acts such as packing of drugs would bring the offender out of the
Courier Exception. The Court of Appeal explained as follows at [68]:

… packing is not a necessary element of moving an object from one point to
another. Simply put, a courier is someone who receives the drugs and transmits
them in exactly the same form in which they were received without any
alteration or adulteration.

[emphasis added]

Ultimately, however, “whether an offender [was] a courier necessarily
involve[d] a highly fact-specific inquiry”: see Public Prosecutor v Ranjit
Singh Gill Menjeet Singh and another [2017] 3 SLR 66 (“Ranjit Singh”) at [58].

24 In this regard, I was referred to Christeen, which provided invaluable
guidance at [68]–[73] on the key factors to consider when determining whether
an offender was a mere courier. These non-exhaustive factors could be
distilled as follows:

(a) Was the role a common and ordinary incident of transporting, sending or
delivering a drug? To qualify as a mere courier, an offender must not have
been involved in “any other type of activity associated with drug supply and
distribution”: see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (9 July
2012) vol 89 (Teo Chee Hean, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home
Affairs). Thus, acts of storage or safekeeping did not bring an offender out
of the Courier Exception if such acts were merely incidental to the
transporting of the drugs: see Christeen at [68(a)] and [69].

(b) Were such acts necessary to deliver the drugs? This would involve
considering the degree to which the drugs were altered and the extent to which
an offender’s involvement looked beyond his immediate recipient of the drugs.
Hence, an offender would not be a mere courier if his acts of packing were not
necessary to move the drugs from point A to point B: see Christeen at [68(b)]
and [70].

(c) What was the extent in scope and time of the functions which the offender
performed? An offender who had numerous functions going beyond transportation
over an extensive period of time was less likely to be a mere courier than an
offender who performed such functions on a one-off basis: see Christeen at
[68(c)] and [71].

(d) What was the degree of executive decision-making powers given to the
offender? An offender who intended to sell drugs for profit and who had the
ability to make executive decisions was not a mere courier. In contrast, an
offender who could exercise no discretion and could only carry out
instructions given to him was more likely to be within the Courier Exception:
see Christeen at [68(d)] and [72].

(e) Did the offender receive a distinct form of benefit for performing his
extra functions? An offender who regularly performed extra functions and was
rewarded for such functions was more likely to fall outside the Courier
Exception: see Christeen at [68(e)] and [73].

25 With the above considerations in mind, I examined the accused’s
“involvement in the offence” (see s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA) of trafficking in
the 83 Packets.

26 The Defence urged me to find that the accused was a mere courier within the
meaning of s 33B(2)(a) because the accused only had the intention to deliver
(as opposed to sell) the 83 Packets. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at p 18, paras 32-33.

Presumably, the Defence was attempting to overcome the holding in Chum Tat
Suan at [62] that an offender was not merely a courier if he had the intent to
sell controlled drugs. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Transcript, Day 10, p 10; Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 45.

To this end, the Defence challenged the accuracy of the recording done by CNB
officer Nicholas Quah Chee Fook (“Quah”) with the aid of an interpreter, Mr
Mohammad Farhan Bin Sani (“Farhan”). In view of the parties’ decision to
confine their submissions only to evidence relating to the 83 Packets, my
analysis is similarly restricted to references in the statements with regard
to the 83 Packets. There were multiple instances of the word “sell” in P70
suggesting that the accused had intended to sell the 83 Packets. P70 also
recorded the accused as having stated that “[a]ll the heroin recovered from
[the] black sling bag belongs to [him] and is meant for selling” [emphasis
added]. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 177, para 2.

Levelling two main arguments, the Defence challenged the accuracy of the
instances where the word “sell” or its different forms appeared.

27 First, the Defence submitted that the accused did not tell Quah or Farhan
that he had intended to sell the drugs, and that “[t]he words ‘sell’ [and]
‘sold’ were misunderstood and/or misconstrued by [Farhan]”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 18–19, paras 33–34.

It was alleged that Farhan had incorrectly interpreted the Malay words
“menghantar” (which means “deliver”) and “menjual” (which means “sell”). 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 64.

The accused also gave evidence that he did not use the words “sell” or “sold”.
Instead, according to the accused, he only said that he would send the
diamorphine and collect money. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, Day 6, p 54.

28 Second, relying on the “Interpreter’s Notes” taken by Farhan during and
after the recording of P70, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 52.

the Defence averred that the accused was prevented from clarifying in his
statements that he did not intend to sell the diamorphine. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at p 19, para 35.

The notes indicated that the accused had informed Farhan that “he did not have
the intention to sell and was only helping to send the drugs” (“the
Exculpatory Statement”). 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

P152 at note dated 23 June 2014.

The Exculpatory Statement was made after the recording of P70, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript, Day 4, p 16.

and it was the Defence’s position that Quah had deprived the accused of a
chance to clarify by failing to take an additional statement immediately. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at p 19, para 35.

29 In my judgment, the accused had intended to use the word “sell” (or its
different forms) where it had been so recorded. I found that the contention
that the accused’s words were incorrectly interpreted and recorded was
incredible and self-serving. To begin with, the Defence could not show that
Quah or Farhan had any reason to incriminate the accused, and the accused also
admitted that he did not know Quah or Farhan prior to his arrest. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript, Day 8, pp 45–46.

On the contrary, the fact that Farhan recorded the Exculpatory Statement in
the Interpreter’s Notes showed that he had no motive to incriminate the
accused and that he was dutifully carrying out his role as an interpreter. I
also disagreed with the Defence’s submission that the accused was prevented
from clarifying what he had said. Both Quah and Farhan testified that the
accused was informed that he could make the necessary clarifications in his
further statements. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript, Day 4, pp 10 and 63.

This fact was also recorded in Farhan’s Interpreter’s Notes. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

P152 at note dated 23 June 2014.

Accordingly, the Defence’s contentions were far-fetched, and it was always
open to the accused to make any necessary clarifications in his later
statements.

30 Putting aside deliberate acts, I also considered whether there could have
been mistakes. Having heard and seen Farhan giving his testimony, I did not
believe that he could have been mistaken about the two Malay words
“menghantar” and “menjual”. These were common words that anyone familiar with
the Malay language would have readily known and understood. Indeed, Farhan was
unequivocal in his position that he understood both words, and that they did
not have any other possible meanings. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Transcript, Day 5, p 25.

I did not doubt his competence or veracity on this point.

31 In the light of the foregoing, including considering the Exculpatory
Statement, I found that the accused had deliberately used the word “sell” (or
its other forms) as recorded, indicating how he had perceived his role. I
should add that even if I had taken into account references in the statements
with regard to the Collateral Evidence, my conclusions on this issue would
have remained unchanged. In any case, the accused’s choice of words in his
statements was not determinative of the issue of whether he was a mere courier
on our facts. Ultimately, the court still had to decide, on a holistic
assessment of the facts, whether the accused’s involvement in the offence was
restricted to the acts set out under s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA.

32 Certainly, while the Defence harped on the question of whether the accused
had intended to “sell” the 83 Packets or whether he would have merely
delivered them and collected money (see Christeen at [72] and [77]), 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 18–21, paras 32–37 and pp 22–23, para 43;
Transcript, Day 10, p 8.

this issue was overshadowed by the fact that he had repacked the 83 Packets.
The accused’s act of repacking turned out to be the decisive point on the
question of whether he met the conditions of the Courier Exception.

33 In this regard, recalling the considerations in Chum Tat Suan and Christeen
as canvassed above at [23]–[24], alongside the principle that an offender’s
act must be assessed cumulatively (see Christeen at [87]), I noted that the
accused had been arrested with a digital weighing scale and numerous empty
plastic packets. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

P70 in Statements of the Accused at p 178, para 5.

These were paraphernalia used by the accused to weigh and repack the two
batus, and his statement set out in detail how he had actually repacked them:
86

##### Foot Note 86

×

P72 in Statements of the Accused at p 212, paras 38–42.

I then took out the digital weighing scale and started repacking the heroin. I
had opened up 2 ‘batu’ and repack it into 90 smaller packets of heroin. I had
a remaining half ‘batu’ which I had used a black sticky tape to tape up the
plastic packet so as to prevent the heroin from spilling out.

…

I then place [sic] 10 packets of heroin into one white envelope. I had a total
of 9 white envelopes each containing 10 packets of heroin.

…

All the heroin that I had surrendered from the unit #09-138 was packed by me.
…

34 In submitting that the accused was a mere courier, the Defence argued that
not all instances of repacking would preclude an offender from falling within
the Courier Exception. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 16–18, paras 24–31; Transcript, Day 10, pp
20–21.

However, in my view it was clear from the case authorities that acts of
repacking had to be necessary for or incidental to the delivery (and other
statutory acts) if the accused were to be a mere courier: see Chum Tat Suan at
[68]; Ranjit Singh at [64]; and Christeen at [68]. In this regard, Ranjit
Singh was especially instructive given its close similarities with the present
case. Therein, the second accused (“Farid”) was charged for possessing 35.21g
of diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking. Weighing scales and empty
plastic bags were found in Farid’s rented apartment, which Farid had intended
to use to repackage the diamorphine into smaller packets each containing
7.7–7.9g of the drug. In rejecting Farid’s submission that such acts of
repacking were that of a mere courier, the High Court found that Farid’s role
of weighing and repacking the drugs “was essentially a matter of convenience
for facilitating distribution or sale; it was not necessary for or incidental
to enabling the drugs to be transported” [emphasis added] (at [64]). The High
Court therefore imposed the mandatory death sentence on Farid.

35 The facts of Ranjit Singh were much like those in the present case, and in
the circumstances, I agreed with the Prosecution that the accused fell outside
the Courier Exception. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Prosecution’s Closing Submissions at para 48.

It was apparent from the above facts that one of his core functions was to
weigh and repack the batus into small packets after he had collected them from
the drug suppliers. As the Prosecution highlighted, the accused’s act of
repacking had substantially altered the form of the drugs. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, Day 10, p 33.

Such repacking was neither necessary for nor incidental to the acts listed
under s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA. Instead, one could fairly describe what the
accused did as “breaking bulk” for his suppliers. Certainly, the two batus
were broken down into small packets of retail size, and this act of repacking
was done “essentially [as] a matter of convenience for facilitating
distribution or sale” [emphasis added]: see Ranjit Singh at [64]. In my view,
this formulation in Ranjit Singh was most apposite for the present case. It
applied a fortiori to the present case given that the accused had already
repacked the diamorphine unlike Farid in Ranjit Singh who had not actually
repacked the diamorphine at the time of his arrest.

36 With regard to the contention that the accused was merely carrying out
Siva’s and the drug suppliers’ instructions and had no executive decision-
making powers (see Christeen at [68(d)] and [72]), 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 15–16, para 23 and pp 20–21, para 37;
Transcript, Day 10, p 5.

I was of the view that this was insufficient to show that the accused was a
mere courier. While I accepted that the lack of executive discretion was a
relevant indicator (see [24(d)] above), this was only one of the many factors
which the court had to consider. As was the case in Ranjit Singh, even if an
offender was acting on instructions, “the fact that his role with regard to
the offence charged would have included non-incidental repacking was
sufficient to show that he was not a mere courier” (at [65]). Therefore, given
my finding that the accused’s repacking of the diamorphine was not necessary
for or incidental to the transporting, sending, delivery, or the other acts
under s 33B(2)(a) of the MDA, the fact that the accused was executing
instructions did not change the conclusion that he was not a mere courier: see
Ranjit Singh at [65].

37 In conclusion, based on a common sense reading of the MDA and the guidance
of the relevant precedents, the facts led me inescapably to the finding that
the accused was not a mere courier. This was a fortiori when the MDA placed
the burden on the Defence to prove on a balance of probabilities that the
accused was a mere courier. In this connection, it ought to be mentioned that
even if the Collateral Evidence had been considered, it would not have made a
difference to my finding bearing in mind that the accused had already repacked
the drugs in our case.

38 Finally, the Defence also sought to impugn the Prosecution’s decision not
to issue a Certificate of Substantive Assistance under s 33B(2)(b) of the MDA.
However, aside from assertions that the Prosecution had not been transparent
in its refusal to issue a Certificate of Substantive Assistance, the Defence
did not adduce any evidence to suggest that the Prosecution had acted without
propriety. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Defence’s Closing Submissions at pp 28–29, paras 1–4.

I therefore dismissed the Defence’s challenge for want of merit. In any event,
this issue was ultimately immaterial to the sentence, as acknowledged by the
Defence, in the light of my finding that the accused fell outside the Courier
Exception.

39 In the premises, I imposed the mandatory sentence of death.

Foo Chee Hock

  
Judicial Commissioner

Lu Zhuoren, John and Rachel Ng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;

  

Laurence Goh (Laurence Goh Eng Yau & Co) and Peter Ong (Templars Law LLC) for
the accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

