Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 02

Criminal Appeal No 6 of 2016

Between

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR

… Appellant

And

BAB  
---  
  
… Respondent

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Statutory interpretation] — [Penal statutes]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections to be approved by the
court and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the
law, for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

BAB

[2017] SGCA 02

Court of Appeal — Criminal Appeal No 6 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Tay Yong Kwang JA  
28 September; 10 October 2016

6 January 2017

Tay Yong Kwang JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Prosecution against the decision of the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) in Public Prosecutor v BAB [2016] 3 SLR 316. It involved
the interpretation of s 376A(1)(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed),
in particular, whether this provision was intended by Parliament to apply to
female offenders.

2 The respondent, now 40 years old, is biologically a female but has lived as
a male since the age of 16. It was common ground between the Prosecution and
counsel for the respondent that she was suffering from Gender Dysphoria. She
managed to obtain a false passport with a male name. She maintained the
charade of being a male by dressing like one and wearing a dildo. She was
apparently so convincing as a male that she even married two women. She fooled
the two women by telling them that under the Batak culture, they were not
allowed to touch or to see her penis because if they did that, she would no
longer be able to have an erection. She would have sex with the two women in
the dark or by using a pillow or a comforter to prevent them from looking at
her uncovered private parts. The two women are not involved in any of the
charges discussed below.

3 We now set out the background facts leading to the charges and the
procedural history of this case.

Facts

4 The respondent suffered from Gender Dysphoria, which, according to one of
the psychiatrists who examined her, was evident by her strong desire to be
male. The victim, V, was a female minor who was 13 and 14 years old at the
material time of the offences.

5 In 2011, the respondent and V became acquainted as they were neighbours,
living on the same floor of flats in a public housing estate. V was unaware
that the respondent was a female and believed she was a male at the material
time. V frequently visited the respondent at the latter’s flat (“the flat”)
after school. They began to develop feelings for each other.

6 In January 2012, the respondent kissed V on her cheek for the first time
while they were in a taxi travelling to a family outing. In February 2012,
when V was 13 years old, the respondent brought her to the kitchen of the flat
and kissed her on the lips. The respondent then brought her to the master
bedroom, removed her T-shirt and her brassiere before proceeding to lick her
breasts and nipples. This incident in the flat formed the subject of the
charge under s 7(a) of the Children and Young Person’s Act (Cap 38, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“the CYPA”).

7 About a month later, on 16 March 2012, the respondent and V were alone in
the flat. At the request of the respondent, V agreed to have sex with her. The
respondent brought her to the master bedroom and proceeded to remove V’s
clothes. The respondent then sexually penetrated V’s vagina with the dildo
which the respondent was wearing. V was below 14 years of age then.

8 From March 2012, V and her siblings began to spend most of their time at the
flat. They would go home from time to time during the day to shower and to get
changed. They would sleep overnight at the flat but would shower, change and
dress in their home every morning before leaving for their respective schools.
V’s father was aware of this and allowed the situation to continue as he
trusted the respondent. Both families were also on good terms at that time.

9 Following this, the respondent and V began engaging in sex frequently with
the respondent using the dildo that she was wearing. On 9 April 2012, while V
was still below 14 years of age, the respondent sexually penetrated V’s vagina
with the dildo.

10 In December 2012, after V had turned 14 years old, the respondent sexually
penetrated V’s vagina with the dildo that she was wearing. The respondent
committed the same act in June 2013.

11 Sometime in August 2013, while they were being intimate, V began to
masturbate the respondent’s “penis” through her shorts. In fact, this “penis”
was the dildo that the respondent was wearing. As V masturbated the
respondent, the latter used her finger to sexually penetrate V’s vagina. This
happened again in September 2013.

12 In December 2013, the respondent felt guilty about her relationship with V
and decided to end it. On 21 March 2014 at about 11pm, the respondent and V
had an argument. V then told her family members about what had happened
between her and the respondent. The respondent eventually went to V’s flat to
apologise and admitted to having “sex” with V. She pleaded with V’s family not
to report the matter to the police. After discussing with her family, V lodged
a police report on 23 March 2014 stating that she had sex with the respondent,
giving the respondent’s male name and describing her as a male.

13 The day before V lodged the police report, the respondent left Singapore
for Kedah with her sister as she feared that she would be arrested. Her sister
subsequently persuaded her to return to Singapore. Before they boarded the
plane for the flight back, the sister informed the Singapore police who waited
for them. The police arrested the respondent when she returned on 25 March
2014.

The charges

14 The respondent faced a total of 21 charges for offences against V. 20
charges were brought under s 376A(1)(b). Out of these 20 charges, eight were
punishable under s 376A(3) because V was under 14 at the time of the offences
and 12 were punishable under s 376A(2) as V was under 16 at the time of the
offences. All the eight charges punishable under s 376A(3) were for sexual
penetration with a dildo with V’s consent. Of the 12 charges punishable under
s 376A(2), seven were for sexual penetration with a dildo with consent and
five were for digital penetration with consent.

15 The last charge was for sexual exploitation of a young person under s 7(a)
of the CYPA by kissing V on the lips and licking her breasts and nipples while
she was under 14 years old (see [6] above). All 21 charges related to
incidents that took place between February 2012 and December 2013.

16 Based on the facts set out above, the Prosecution proceeded with the
following seven charges (“the proceeded charges”) against the respondent:

(a) two charges under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s376A(3) (penetration of
V’s vagina with a dildo while V was under 14 years of age);

(b) two charges under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s376A(2) (penetration of
V’s vagina with a dildo while V was under 16 years of age);

(c) two charges under s 376A(1)(b) punishable under s 376A(2) (digital
penetration of V’s vagina when V was under 16 years old); and

(d) one charge under s 7(a) CYPA (kissing V on the lips and licking her
breasts and nipples when V was under 14 years old).

The procedural history

17 The matter was fixed for hearing in the High Court on 7 December 2015. The
respondent pleaded guilty to the proceeded charges and admitted to the
statement of facts without qualification. She was convicted accordingly on the
proceeded charges. The respondent also gave her consent for the remaining 14
charges to be taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The
Prosecution and the respondent, both having tendered written submissions, made
their oral submissions on sentence. The Judge then reserved judgment.

18 On 10 February 2016, the Judge directed the parties to file written
submissions to address the question whether the words “a part of A’s body
(other than A’s penis)” in s 376A(1)(b) implied that A had to be a male for
the purpose of s 376A(1)(b). Parties were asked to file their submissions by
19 February 2016 but were subsequently granted an extension of time to 24
February 2016. On 12 April 2016, the Judge delivered judgment.

The Judge’s decision

19 The Judge first dealt with the interpretation of s 376A(1)(b). He discussed
the legislative history of the provision referring to the draft iterations of
the provision and the relevant parliamentary debates. The Judge opined that
the literal and grammatical meaning of the provision was clear and that s
376A(1)(b) applied to a person with a penis. Turning to the purpose of the
provision, the Judge noted that the question of making it an offence for a
woman to use a part of her body or an object to penetrate the vagina or anus
of a minor was under discussion. However, he said that different views could
be taken on whether the provision extended to cover female offenders.
According to the Judge, the fact that the provision was passed with only one
vote against may be seen as evidence that the purpose expressed in the
explanatory notes to the bill and in the minister’s speeches in Parliament was
adopted for the provision. However, he went on to say that the choice of words
in the statute could be taken as an indication that the offence was intended
to apply to men only, “on the very reasonable assumption that Parliament
understands the laws it passes”.

20 The Judge held that since the provision had only one meaning (ie, that it
applied only to male offenders), to read it in line with the legislative
purpose would amount to rewriting the provision and this would be
impermissible in law. As the Judge was of the view that he was not functus
officio at that stage, he set aside the convictions under s 376A(1)(b) and
acquitted the respondent on those six charges.

21 The respondent was therefore left with only the conviction under s 7(a) of
the CYPA. The Judge noted that there were some mitigating factors in favour of
the respondent. These included the fact that she had no antecedents and that
she surrendered herself and cooperated with the police. For this charge, there
was no penetration or touching of naked genitalia, the acts were consensual
and there was no coercion and no severe or lasting psychological harm on V.
The Judge therefore passed a sentence of eight months’ imprisonment on the
respondent for this sole charge.

The submissions

22 The Prosecution submitted that the Judge erred in interpreting s 376A(1)(b)
as applying to only male offenders. First, the Prosecution argued that it was
clear that Parliament intended both male and female offenders to be captured
under s 376A(1)(b). Parliament specifically considered that it would be an
offence where both male and female persons could be the aggressor. Further,
the Prosecution submitted that the gender neutral interpretation was supported
by the text and structure of the provision itself. The use of the phrase “any
person” in this section, as opposed to the phrase “any man” which appears in s
375 for the offence of rape and which was used in the draft iterations of s
376A, showed that s 376A(1)(b) was meant to be gender neutral. Finally, even
if there were two possible interpretations of s 376A(1)(b), it should be read
to cover both male and female offenders since such an interpretation would
further the legislative purpose of the provision.

23 Counsel for the respondent submitted that s 376A(1)(b) was gender specific.
This was contrary to the position that she took before the Judge. She
contended that ss 376A(1)(a) and (b) were gender specific, applying only to
males, while ss 376A(1)(c) and (d) were gender neutral. The Judge therefore
was not wrong as the provision was capable of only one meaning despite the
clear legislative intent.

Our decision

24 Section 376A is in the following terms:

376A.—(1) Any person (A) who —

(a) penetrates, with A’s penis, the vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may be,
of a person under 16 years of age (B);

(b) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus, as the case may be, of a person under 16
years of age (B);

(c) causes a man under 16 years of age (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the
vagina, anus or mouth, as the case may be, of another person including A; or

(d) causes a person under 16 years of age (B) to sexually penetrate, with a
part of B’s body (other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus,
as the case may be, of any person including A or B,

with or without B’s consent, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), a person who is guilty of an offence under this
section shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10
years, or with fine, or with both.

(3) Whoever commits an offence under this section against a person (B) who is
under 14 years of age shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may
extend to 20 years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning.

(4) No person shall be guilty of an offence under this section for an act of
penetration against his or her spouse with the consent of that spouse.

(5) No man shall be guilty of an offence under subsection (1)(a) for
penetrating with his penis the vagina of his wife without her consent, if his
wife is not under 13 years of age, except where at the time of the offence –

(a) …

…

(e) …

[emphasis added]

25 In deciding whether the italicised words in s 376A above must lead to the
conclusion that s 376A(1)(b) applies only to male offenders, we turn to the
legislative history behind the provision to try to determine the intention of
Parliament. As is mandated by s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1997 Rev
Ed), an interpretation which promotes the purpose of the provision is to be
preferred over an interpretation that does not promote the purpose.

Legislative history and parliamentary intent

26 The genesis of s 376A could be traced back to the year 2006. In that year,
the draft Penal Code (Amendment) Bill (“the Draft Bill”) was circulated for
public consultation before the actual amendment bill (Bill 38 of 2007) was
tabled in Parliament. The Draft Bill included a new provision, s 376A, to deal
with the offence of sexual penetration of a minor. However, the draft s 376A
was worded differently from s 376A as it now stands. It read:

376A.—(1) Any man (A) who —

(a) penetrates, with A’s penis, the vagina, anus or mouth of a person under 16
years of age (B); or

(b) causes another man under 16 years of age (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis,
the anus or mouth of A,

with or without B’s consent, shall be guilty of an offence.

(2) Any person (A) who —

(a) sexually penetrates, with a part of A’s body (other than A’s penis) or
anything else, the vagina or anus of a person under 16 years of age (B);

(b) causes a man under 16 years of age (B) to penetrate, with B’s penis, the
vagina or anus or mouth of another person (C); or

(c) causes a person under 16 years of age (B) to sexually penetrate, with a
part of B’s body (other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus
of A or B or of another person (C),

with or without B’s or C’s consent, shall be guilty of an offence.

The Explanatory Notes to the Proposed Amendments to the Penal Code Offences
(“Explanatory Notes”), in a section on gender neutrality, explained as
follows:

In the review, we considered whether provisions which are currently gender-
specific should be amended to provide for gender neutrality.

Having considered the matter, we have decided not to take the approach that
all offences should be “gender neutral”. Many of our laws remain gender
specific because they reflect situations where men tend to be the aggressors
e.g. rape will remain an offence that only males can commit. The offence of
rape is clearly understood to be non-consensual penile penetration perpetrated
by a man on a woman. Due to the anatomical differences between men and women,
the offence of rape should remain an offence that can only be physically be
performed by a man. If a woman has sex with a minor, she can be prosecuted
under section 7 of the Children and Young Persons Act (sexual exploitation of
child or young person).

However, for offences where both a male or a female could be the aggressor,
our approach is to make it gender-neutral e.g. a female could be prosecuted
for using any body part or object to penetrate the anus of a male victim.

[emphasis added]

27 As is evident from the Explanatory Notes and the draft s 376A, a situation
in which a female aggressor had sexual intercourse with a male minor was
initially not captured by the draft s 376A. This was justified on the
anatomical differences between men and women and on the basis that rape should
remain an offence that could only physically be performed by a man. However,
where females could be the aggressor by using any body part or object to
penetrate a male victim, the approach taken was to make the penal provision
gender neutral.

28 After receiving feedback from the public, s 376A as it appeared in the
Draft Bill was amended to read as it stands today. In the second reading of
the bill, the Senior Minister of State for Home Affairs, Assoc Prof Ho Peng
Kee (“the Minister”) had this to say in relation to the amendments (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (22 October 2007) vol 83 at cols 2175):

Feedback received highlighted concerns over female sexual abuse of male
minors. On further consideration, we accept that these younger male children
could be exploited by older women. Consequently, we have decided to make it an
offence for a woman to engage in penile penetrative sexual acts with a male
minor under 16 and to have commercial sex with a male minor under 18. Section
376A will be introduced to make oral and anal sex, whether consensual or non-
consensual, with a minor under 16, an offence, attracting an imprisonment term
of up to 10 years or fine or both. This new offence will also cover other
penetrative acts such as penile-vaginal penetration and penetration of the
anus or vagina by any part of the body or object. Causing a minor to penetrate
or be penetrated by any person will also be an offence. Whilst there is some
overlap with the Women’s Charter and the Children and Young Persons Act, we
believe that this new offence will provide the prosecution with greater
prosecutorial discretion in deciding on the appropriate charge to prefer based
on the circumstances of the case.

29 The Minister then said on the following day after Parliament had debated
the Draft Bill (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (23 October
2007) vol 83 at cols 2440 – 2441):

… We look at the provisions and look whether they ought to be made gender
neutral. We have stated the position in this House before that we do not take
the position that all our criminal offences should be gender neutral because
of the psychological and physiological differences between men and women – I
think that is a point that Mr Charles Chong also alluded to. I do not know how
many male Members will agree with him or me when I say that we, who are males,
are less likely to feel that our modesty has been insulted compared to our
wives or girlfriends. So section 509 is kept only where women are victims -
insulting the modesty of a woman. And there are also other offences where it
is not gender neutral. Rape is one. Marital immunity is to protect wives, not
husbands. But having said this, we have also moved. Because, as I have said,
we took the consultation period very seriously. We had feedback saying that
for some offences, perhaps, a female adult predator who “exploits” a male
minor should be liable, like sexual assault by penetration. And we agreed. So,
that is now proposed to be the law.

[emphasis added]

30 Having set out the legislative history, we consider whether it was
Parliament’s intention that female aggressors should be liable for sexual
penetration of a minor. In our judgment, it is clear that Parliament intended
for female aggressors to be within the ambit of s 376A in the Penal Code
amendments that came into force in 2008. Even before the Draft Bill was
circulated for public consultation, the Explanatory Notes to the Draft Bill
(see [26] above) made clear that the approach was to make the offence gender-
neutral where both males and females could be the aggressor. Specifically, the
example given was a situation in which a female aggressor used a body part or
an object to penetrate the anus of a male victim. Such a situation would have
been captured by s 376A(2)(a) of the Draft Bill. It can be seen that the then
s 376A(2)(a) was worded in practically the same terms as s 376A(1)(b) as it
stands today. This suggests that it was Parliament’s intention that s
376A(1)(b) is to apply to female aggressors as well and not to males only.

31 Parliament’s intention to make female aggressors criminally liable under
the Penal Code for sexual penetration of a minor was even more apparent when
the amendment bill was debated in Parliament in 2007. From the Minister’s
speeches set out above, the government took on board the feedback it received
and decided to make female aggressors liable for penile penetration with a
male minor under 16. In particular, the Minister explained that “[c]ausing a
minor to penetrate or be penetrated by any person will also be an offence”
[emphasis added] (see [27] above). In the context of this debate, we were
satisfied that the deliberate choice of words by the Minister showed that
Parliament intended that female aggressors who penetrate minors would be
liable under the Penal Code. With this in mind we now turn to discuss the
proper interpretation to be applied to s 376A(1)(b).

The interpretation of s 376A(1)

32 In interpreting s 376A(1)(b), the first point of reference must be the
words used in the section itself. The words must of course be read against the
backdrop of the rest of the section. Focusing on particular words used in a
legal provision without reference to context could lead to an erroneous
understanding. In Moyna v Secretary of State for Work and Pensions [2003] 4
All ER 162 at [24], Lord Hoffmann referred to:

… the well-known distinction between the meaning of a word, which depends upon
conventions known to the ordinary speaker of English or ascertainable from a
dictionary, and the meaning which the author of an utterance appears to have
intended to convey by using that word in a sentence. The latter depends not
only upon the conventional meanings of the words used but also upon syntax,
context and background. The meaning of an English word is not a question of
law because it does not in itself have any legal significance. It is the
meaning to be ascribed to the intention of the notional legislator in using
that word which is a statement of law. …

[emphasis added]

33 The Prosecution submitted that the deliberate use of “any person” in s
376A(1) was an indication that the section was gender neutral. We agree that
the drafter’s deliberate choice of “any person” in the opening words of s
376A(1) suggested strongly that the section was gender neutral in its
application to offenders. The drafter was careful to differentiate the use of
“person” and “man” throughout the section. The person “A” in the opening words
could therefore be male or female.

34 However, it need not necessarily follow from this that each sub-section in
s 376A(1) must be gender neutral. Section 376A(1)(a) mentions penetration by A
with A’s penis. This means that A in s 376A(1) must be a male. However, any
suggestion that the remaining sub-sections are also gender specific would be
negated by s 376A(1)(c), because in this sub-section, it is envisaged that A,
the person who is penetrated, could be someone with a vagina. Thus, under s
376A(1)(c), A could be either a male or a female. It was thus imperative to
look specifically at whether the person A described in s 376A(1)(b) could only
be a male or could be either a male or a female.

35 The Judge held that the phrase “with a part of A’s body (other than A’s
penis)” had only one meaning. In his opinion, A must be someone with a penis
and therefore A has to be a male. Such an interpretation was indeed plausible
if s 376A(1)(b) was read entirely on its own. However, a similar phrase
appears in s 376A(1)(d) in relation to another person, B. Section 376A(1)(d)
applies to a situation in which B is caused to sexually penetrate, “with a
part of B’s body (other than B’s penis) or anything else, the vagina or anus,
as the case may be, of any person including A or B” [emphasis added]. Using
the Judge’s reasoning, the emphasised phrase in s 376A(1)(d) in relation to B
would mean that B has to be a male. However, the same provision also
contemplates that B could be a person with a vagina, ie, a female. This
clearly demonstrates, therefore, that the words “with a part of A’s body
(other than A’s penis)” do not necessarily mean that A must be a male. In our
view, internal consistency within a section dictates that A in s 376A(1)(b),
like B in s 376A(1)(d), could be either male or female.

36 Similarly, the fact that the word “vagina” is used in reference to the
person penetrated in all four limbs of s 376A(1) certainly does not mean that
the person penetrated must be a female. To hold otherwise would run contrary
to legislative intent because this section was meant to protect all minors
under 16 years of age and not to protect only female minors, with the
exception in s 376A(1)(c) where the minor is stated to be “a man”. Even in
this exception, it cannot be that “another person” or A, the aggressor, who is
penetrated by the minor B, must have a vagina and therefore must be a female.
To hold otherwise would again be contrary to the legislative intent of gender
neutrality seen in the parliamentary debates that we have cited. We think the
entire section can be read purposively such that where “other than A’s (or
B’s) penis” is mentioned, Parliament clearly intended to say also, “if that
person has a penis”. Similarly, where “vagina” is used, it is implicit that it
is qualified by “if that person has a vagina”.

37 Counsel for the respondent submitted that the words in parenthesis would be
superfluous if we hold that the phrase “with a part of A’s body (other than
A’s penis)” means that A could be a male or a female. We do not think so. In
our view, the words “(other than A’s penis)” serve the purpose of
differentiating penile penetration (which would be captured by s 376A(1)(a)
and (c)) from non-penile penetration under ss 376A(1)(b) and (d). It can be
seen that where penile penetration is involved, the three bodily orifices
(vagina, anus or mouth) of the person penetrated are mentioned in the sub-
section but where non-penile penetration is involved, the mouth of the person
penetrated is omitted.

38 Therefore, on a proper reading of s 376A as a whole, s 376A(1)(b) is gender
neutral and applies to both male and female offenders. For completeness, with
our interpretation of s 376A(1)(b), the gender neutral provisions would apply
also to offenders of indeterminate gender. Further, although this point was
not in issue before us, we would add that “penis” in this section refers to
the actual body organ and not an artificial appendage like the dildo that the
respondent wore on her body.

Conclusion on conviction

39 For the reasons expressed above, we disagree with the Judge that s
376A(1)(b) applies only to male offenders. We therefore allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal and set aside the Judge’s decision to set aside the
convictions that he had initially pronounced in respect of the six proceeded
charges under s 376A(1)(b). Counsel for the respondent confirmed that the
respondent understood the nature and consequences of her plea of guilt and
maintained her plea before us. The respondent also confirmed her unequivocal
admission of all matters set out in the statement of facts tendered by the
Prosecution in the High Court. Counsel also confirmed that the respondent
still consented to the remaining 14 charges being taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing.

40 In the circumstances, we reinstated the conviction of the respondent on the
six charges under s 376A(1)(b) and the one charge under s 7(a) of the CYPA,
with the respondent having consented to the remaining 14 charges under s
376A(1)(b) being taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. As
the parties requested time to prepare for submissions on sentence instead of
relying on their submissions before the Judge, we adjourned sentencing to a
later date.

The sentences

The Prosecution’s submissions on sentence

41 The Prosecution suggested the following sentences for the individual
offences:

(a) For the charges punishable under s 376A(2), the suggested sentence was 12
months’ imprisonment for each charge;

(b) For the charges punishable under s 376A(3), the suggested sentence was six
to seven years’ imprisonment for each charge;

(c) For the charge under s 7(a) of the CYPA, the suggested sentence was 12
months’ imprisonment, instead of the 8 months’ imprisonment imposed by the
Judge.

42 The Prosecution submitted that the appropriate total sentence should be at
least eight years’ imprisonment. This comprised three consecutive imprisonment
terms made up of one imprisonment term from each group of offences, making a
total of at least 12 months plus six or seven years plus 12 months.

43 The Prosecution submitted that the respondent abused her position of trust
and authority as she was effectively a caretaker of V from April 2012 to
December 2013. The multiple sexual offences were committed during the time
that V spent in the respondent’s flat because V’s father trusted the
respondent. The Prosecution cited several cases in which abuse of trust and
authority was regarded as an aggravating factor in sentencing sexual offenders
(Public Prosecutor v UI [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500; Public Prosecutor v AOM [2011] 2
SLR 1057; Public Prosecutor v Yap Weng Wah [2015] 3 SLR 297 (“Yap Weng Wah”);
Mohamed Shouffee bin Adam v Public Prosecutor [2014] 2 SLR 998 (“Shouffee”)).

44 The Prosecution also highlighted the fact that there were 20 instances of
sexual penetration of V’s vagina over some 20 months by the respondent using
the dildo or her finger. It cited Shouffee for the proposition that the
presence of multiple distinct offences over a long period is a cumulative
aggravating factor which should be considered when the court decides how many
imprisonment terms should run consecutively.

45 For the offences punishable under s 376A(2), where the victim’s age is
between 14 years and under 16 years, the Prosecution cited AQW v Public
Prosecutor [2015] 4 SLR 150 where the High Court considered an imprisonment
term of between ten and 12 months to be the appropriate starting point for
fellatio performed by or on a minor above 14 years of age who did not appear
to be particularly vulnerable, without coercion or pressure and where there
was no element of abuse of trust. The Prosecution also referred to Yap Weng
Wah where the High Court imposed an imprisonment term of five years for
fellatio on a minor who was 15 years old. In that case, there was a high risk
of reoffending, a high degree of premeditation and abuse of trust. The accused
there used the Internet to lure the victims and recorded the sexual acts on
video. The Prosecution argued that penetration of the vagina using a dildo or
a finger was at least comparable in severity to fellatio.

46 For the offences punishable under s 376A(3), the Prosecution emphasised
that the maximum imprisonment term provided by law is 20 years, which is
double that under s 376A(2). In Yap Weng Wah, the High Court considered a term
of six to seven years’ imprisonment as the benchmark for fellatio under s
376A(3), in the absence of aggravating or mitigating circumstances. In Public
Prosecutor v Sim Wei Liang Benjamin [2015] SGHC 240, the accused pleaded
guilty to eight charges involving four female minors and consented to 15 other
charges being taken into consideration for sentencing. Seven out of the said
eight charges involved sexual offences. The offender was a prowler on the
Internet, looking out for young girls. The High Court imposed ten years’
imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane for each of the two statutory rape
charges, five years’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane for each of the
two fellatio charges and 12 months’ imprisonment and two strokes of the cane
for the digital-vaginal penetration charge. There were also two charges under
ss 7(a) and (b) of the CYPA for which the sentences were 12 months’
imprisonment and six months’ imprisonment respectively. The total sentence was
imprisonment for 20 years and six months and 24 strokes of the cane. The
offender’s appeal against sentence was dismissed by the Court of Appeal in
July 2016. The Prosecution emphasised that there was caning imposed for the
digital-vaginal penetration charge whereas the respondent in this appeal would
not be subject to caning because she is a female.

47 The Prosecution pointed out that counsel for the respondent had asked for a
sentence of less than 12 months’ imprisonment before the Judge for the
offences punishable under s 376A(3). The Prosecution argued that such a
sentence for an offence which has a maximum of 20 years’ imprisonment and
caning would be entirely incongruous with statutory rape cases (where the
victim’s consent is also irrelevant) and even with less serious sexual
offences such as outrage of modesty.

48 For the offence under s 7(a) of the CYPA, the Prosecution appealed against
the imprisonment of eight months imposed by the Judge. The punishment provided
for a first conviction under this section is a fine not exceeding $5,000 or
imprisonment not exceeding two years or both. This was the only offence dealt
with by the Judge because he had set aside the convictions under s 376A.

49 The Prosecution submitted that the Judge was wrong in holding that any
trust reposed in the respondent at the time of this offence was not
significant. This was because the respondent was effectively V’s caretaker.
V’s consent and the absence of coercion were not mitigating factors because V
was only 13 years and two months old at that time. Further, the absence of
severe or lasting psychological harm was at best a neutral factor and could
not be regarded as a mitigating one. With the convictions under s 376A
restored, the respondent could no longer be said to be a first offender before
the court. The Prosecution also submitted that the Judge placed too much
weight on the fact that the respondent returned to Singapore to surrender to
the police. The reality was that the respondent had gone out of Singapore to
evade arrest and a police gazette was in fact issued for her arrest. It was
the respondent’s sister who persuaded her to return and who informed the
police of their return.

50 Citing Shouffee, where the High Court set out guidelines in considering
consecutive sentences, the Prosecution submitted that one sentence for each
type of offence should run consecutively (see [41] and [42] above). This was
because the three types of offences in the proceeded charges were all separate
and distinct in that they took place on different dates and involved different
sexual acts. Neither the one-transaction principle nor the totality principle
would be infringed by a cumulative sentence of at least eight years’
imprisonment in the light of the multiple charges (including those taken into
consideration for sentencing), the fact that they took place over about 20
months and V’s age at the material time.

The respondent’s submissions on sentence

51 Counsel for the respondent submitted that a global sentence of less than
three years’ imprisonment would be appropriate because of the mitigating
factors. These included the fact that the respondent cooperated fully with the
police by returning to surrender herself and that she pleaded guilty. She left
Singapore for fear that her real gender would be exposed by the investigations
and that she would not be able to bear the shame and embarrassment caused to
her family. She was under the mistaken impression that it was not an offence
to have consensual sexual activities with a minor.

52 This case was the respondent’s first brush with the law. She committed
these offences because she was suffering from Gender Dysphoria and has been
living as a male since the age of 16. She has been assessed by Dr Tommy Tan, a
psychiatrist, to have a low risk of reoffending. The offences were committed
in the context of a developing romantic relationship. She is also genuinely
remorseful.

53 There was also an absence of aggravating factors in this case. The
respondent did not set out to deceive V about her gender or to groom her
sexually. Her case was unlike Yap Weng Wah where the accused befriended
victims by using different identities. The respondent was not in a position of
trust in relation to V. She was not V’s guardian, teacher or spiritual guide.
V’s parents did not entrust the care of V or her siblings to the respondent. V
and her siblings went to the flat and left as and when they wished. The fact
that V developed romantic feelings for the respondent indicated strongly that
she did not see the respondent as a “fatherly figure” or someone in authority
over her. The respondent did not seek out V and there was no coercion
exercised by her on V to enter into a relationship.

54 In Public Prosecutor v Ng Kean Meng Terence [2015] SGHC 164 (“Ng Kean Meng
Terence”), a case also referred to by the Prosecution in its submissions and
which is on appeal before the Court of Appeal, the High Court sentenced the
accused to one year’s imprisonment and two strokes of the cane under s 376A(3)
for an offence of digital penetration. Counsel for the respondent argued that
an imprisonment term of less than 12 months would be appropriate here because,
unlike Ng Kean Meng Terence, the respondent did not explicitly offer to take
care of V. This was so even after taking into account the fact that the
respondent, a female, is not subject to caning.

55 In Yap Weng Wah, the offence in question was fellatio. It was argued that
sexual penetration by a dildo was a vastly different act from fellatio and the
latter act could also lead to the transmission of sexual diseases. Further,
there were 76 charges and 30 victims in that case, in addition to other
aggravating factors such as the targeting of young and vulnerable victims and
the video-recording of the sexual acts. When compared to the guidelines on s
376A(2) in AQW, the guidelines on s 376A(3) were questionable as the latter
were about seven times higher.

56 For the offences punishable under s 376A(2), counsel for the respondent
cited Public Prosecutor v Qiu Shuihua [2015] SGHC 102 where the district court
imposed imprisonment terms of two months for digital-vaginal penetration and
four months for penile-vaginal penetration. On appeal by the Prosecution
there, the High Court maintained the first sentence and enhanced the second
sentence to ten months’ imprisonment.

57 Based on the above, counsel for the respondent submitted that the
appropriate sentence under s 376A(2) for digital-vaginal penetration should be
two months’ imprisonment and that for penetration using a dildo should be six
months’ imprisonment.

58 In respect of the offence under s 7(a) of the CYPA, counsel for the
respondent submitted that the sentence imposed by the Judge was not manifestly
inadequate. This was because he took into account all the relevant
circumstances, including the guidelines set out in AQW.

59 On the issue of consecutive sentences, as mandated by s 307 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”), counsel for the respondent
submitted that only the imprisonment term for one charge of penetration by
dildo under s 376A(3) (which was suggested at [54] above as less than 12
months) and that for the charge under s 7(a) of the CYPA (which, it was
argued, should stand at eight months) should run consecutively. Alternatively,
should we decide that more than two sentences ought to run consecutively, it
was suggested that the imprisonment term for one charge of digital penetration
when V was above 14 years of age under s 376A(2) be added to the above. This,
as suggested at [57] above, would add another two months to the total
imprisonment term. The total sentence submitted by counsel for the respondent
is therefore about 20 months’ imprisonment (if two sentences are ordered to
run consecutively) or 22 months’ imprisonment (if three sentences are ordered
to run consecutively).

Our decision on sentence

60 Before we set out our decision on the sentences, we thought it appropriate
to make two remarks by way of preface. The first is that when the court in
some of the precedents cited was faced with a multitude of sexual offences,
there may sometimes be a tendency for all concerned to focus on the offences
carrying the heavier punishments and as a result, less attention may have been
given to offences which by comparison seem less serious. This is ultimately a
function of proportionality but this factor must be borne in mind when we look
at the individual precedents and try to extract from them the rules that we
think they can properly stand for and how they are to apply in other contexts.

61 The second point is that it is always important to refer to the decisions
of the courts with some care. We can provide two illustrations to demonstrate
this. One is the reference made to AQW where we had to make the point
repeatedly that the benchmarks laid down by the court in that case were
qualified explicitly by reference to circumstances that did not apply here. An
even better illustration can be seen in relation to the case of Yap Weng Wah,
where the offender was a predator who befriended young victims on the
Internet, abused them and even filmed the sex acts. Some of the charges were
brought under s 376A(3) and in respect of these, the Judge in that case
observed that the starting point for an offence involving fellatio under that
section would be an imprisonment term of six to seven years. However, to focus
on this alone ignores two facts. The first is that on the facts of the case as
a whole, the Judge in fact imposed an aggregate term of imprisonment of 30
years and 24 strokes. The second fact is that in relation specifically to the
fellatio charge under s 376A(3), the Judge imposed a sentence of imprisonment
of eight years and four strokes of the cane. We therefore need to be mindful
of the facts when we look at how the court has articulated the benchmark and
how the court has in fact applied it in the factual situation in any
particular case. It must also be noted that in cases involving multiple
charges, when the court finally deliberates on what the overall sentence ought
to be, it frequently makes adjustments to the sentences for individual charges
in order to arrive at an aggregate that it thinks is proportionate to the
culpability of the offender and which is just in all the circumstances.

62 In the present case, we considered that the aggravating circumstances
included in particular the abuse of the position of trust that the respondent
in fact enjoyed. We also considered the number of offences that were committed
and those that were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing as
bearing on the appropriate length of the term of imprisonment that is to be
imposed.

63 As against these considerations, we regarded the following three factors as
mitigating. We used that term loosely because some of the considerations were
not mitigating in the strict sense but were factors that pointed towards a
shorter sentence having regard to interests such as relativity and
consistency.

64 The first factor was that it appeared that there was a genuine romantic
relationship that developed between the respondent and V. Related to that, the
second factor was that the respondent was not a serial offender targeting
multiple minors. We add here that the respondent as a mature adult should not
have contemplated a romantic relationship with a minor in the first place. The
third factor in the respondent’s favour was that there appeared to be a
relatively low risk of her re-offending. This emerged from the psychiatric
assessments that were presented in court. The Prosecution did not object to
the submissions that the respondent was a low risk where re-offending in
future was concerned.

65 With this background, we consider that the appropriate starting points,
having regard to the gravity of the offence, the applicable sentencing range
and the factor of abuse of trust but not yet considering the elements of
proportionality and the mitigating factors that we have just outlined, to be
as follows:

(a) for offences punishable under s 376A(2), where there is an element of
abuse of trust, we consider that the starting point will be a term of
imprisonment of three years and this would apply for each of the offences
under this section in this case;

(b) for the offences punishable under s 376A(3), again where there is an
element of abuse of trust, we consider that the starting point will be a term
of imprisonment of between ten and 12 years. On the facts of this case, we
think a term of 11 years would in principle be appropriate as a starting
point. It must also be remembered that s 376A(3), unlike s 376A(2), provides
for caning as well. That is irrelevant here because female offenders cannot be
caned under the law. However, the court may impose an additional term of
imprisonment of not more than 12 months in lieu of caning under s 325(2) of
the CPC; and

(c) for the offence under s 7(a) of the CYPA, we think a term of imprisonment
of one year would be appropriate.

66 Ordinarily, we would have been minded to run three sentences consecutively
because of the large number of offences. However, as we have alluded to, we
are bound to consider the element of proportionality having regard to the
principles outlined in Shouffee and also to the mitigating circumstances that
we have referred to. After considering these points, we decided that it would
be appropriate to adjust the sentences in this case as follows:

(a) we ordered only two imprisonment terms to run consecutively (that is the
minimum number of consecutive sentences specified in s 307(1) of the CPC);

(b) we reduced the length of imprisonment for each of the offences punishable
under s 376A(3) from the starting point of 11 years to a term of nine years;

(c) the imprisonment term of nine years for the first charge, which concerns
penetration of V’s vagina with the dildo when she was under 14 years old, an
offence punishable under s 376A(3), would run consecutively with the
imprisonment term of 1 year for the 21st charge, which concerns the offence
under s 7(a) of the CYPA, for an aggregate term of imprisonment of ten years.

We think that in all the circumstances of this case, this sentence would be
appropriate and would give due regard to the considerations of the principle
of proportionality as well as the mitigating circumstances that we have
outlined. All the other sentences, including the three years’ imprisonment for
each of the offences punishable under s 376A(2), were ordered to run
concurrently with the two consecutive sentences.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Tay Yong Kwang  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Kwek Mean Luck, Dwayne Lum and Tan Zhongshan (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for
the appellant;  
N Sudha Nair and Lum Guo Rong (Lexcompass LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

