Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 171

Originating Summons No 205 of 2017

(Summons No 1227 of 2017)

Between

| AES Façade Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| WYSE Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Grounds of Decision

[Building and construction law] — [Sub-contracts] — [Claims by sub-contractor]

[Building and construction law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
AES Façade Pte Ltd

  
v

  

WYSE Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 171

High Court — Originating Summons No 205 of 2017 (Summons No 1227 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
24 May 2017

18 July 2017

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, AES Façade Pte Ltd (“AES”), took out ex parte Originating
Summons No 205 of 2017 (“OS 205”) to seek leave to enforce the adjudication
decision in SOP/AA 495 of 2016 dated 17 February 2017 (“the AD”) against the
defendant, WYSE Private Limited (“WYSE”). AES succeeded and received Order of
Court No 1337 of 2017 (“ORC 1337”) to that effect. WYSE later took out Summons
No 1227/2017 (“SUM 1227”) to set aside ORC 1337. SUM 1227 also included an
alternative prayer to stay all proceedings relating to the execution of ORC
1337 pending the conclusion of arbitral proceedings between AES and WYSE.

2 On 24 May 2017, I heard the arguments of the parties and dismissed SUM 1227
in its entirety with costs fixed at $10,000. WYSE was dissatisfied with my
decision and informed me that it intended to appeal. WYSE also sought to stay
the execution of my order in SUM 1227 (ie, to stay the payment out of court
for the sum of $1,072,340.48, which WYSE had previously paid into court)
pending the outcome of the appeal. After hearing submissions from both
parties, I disallowed the application for a stay and ordered that the sum of
$1,072,340.48 was to be released forthwith to AES, as this sum represented
payments which had fallen due some 13 months ago.

3 It appears that WYSE subsequently decided not to appeal. Given that the
money had already been released to AES, this was perhaps unsurprising.
Nonetheless, as this application concerned issues of some importance to
practitioners and players in the construction industry, I now give the grounds
for my decision.

Background

4 This case involved the construction of a 19-storey commercial building at
140 Robinson Road (“the Project”). WYSE was engaged as the main contractor for
the Project by WyWy Development Pte Ltd (“WyWy”). WYSE in turn engaged AES as
its subcontractor for the design, supply, installation, testing and
commissioning, and maintenance of the façade works. The value of this
subcontract (“the Sub-Contract”) was $4,965,000 and the terms of the Sub-
Contract incorporated, among other things, the Singapore Institute of
Architects Conditions of Sub-Contract (“the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract”).
The completion date for the main contract as well as the Sub-contract was 12
April 2016.

The contractual provisions

5 The key provisions of the Sub-Contract were cll 11.4 and 11.5 of the SIA
Conditions of Sub-Contract, which read as follows:

11.4 The Contractor may set-off against any monies due to the Sub-Contractor
under this Sub-Contract, such loss or damage suffered or incurred by him as a
result of the failure of the Sub-Contractor to carry out the Sub-Contract
Works with diligence or due expedition or to complete the Sub-Contract Works
by the date or dates specified in Schedule III hereto or the date or dates as
extended until such date as may be certified by the Contractor in his Sub-
Contract Completion Certificate.

11.5 Without prejudice to the Sub-Contractor’s rights under general law to
dispute any set-off by the Contractor, it shall be a condition precedent for
such set-off by the Contractor that:

(i) the set-off has been quantified in detail with particulars and with
reasonable accuracy;

(ii) the Contractor has given to the Sub-Contractor written notice specifying
his intention to set-off the amount so quantified together with the required
detailed under Sub-Clause 5(i) hereof and the grounds on which such set-off is
made;

and

(iii) such notice shall be given to the Sub-Contractor not less than 7 days
before the date of issuance of the payment response which includes the amount
stated as payable, the amount due to the Sub-Contractor from which the
Contractor intends to make the set-off.

These provisions were also referred to in WYSE’s Letter of Acceptance dated 28
November 2014.

Problems with the Project

6 As a result of delays, the Project could not be completed on time and WyWy
allegedly claimed liquidated damages of $2.05m against WYSE. WYSE’s position
was that AES had caused or contributed to the delays and was therefore liable
to compensate WYSE for the liability it had incurred towards WyWy. WYSE
attributed about $1.47m of the liquidated damages to AES. On that basis, when
AES served WYSE with Payment Claim No 20 for the amount of $1,280,179.92
(“Payment Claim No 20”), WYSE refused to make payment. However, the payment
response in which WYSE stated its right to set-off as a reason for withholding
the amount claimed was filed out of time, on 28 December 2016.

Adjudication and enforcement attempt

7 Following WYSE’s non-payment, AES lodged an adjudication application with
the Singapore Mediation Centre on 29 December 2016 under the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP
Act”). AES sought the sum of $1,280,179.92 previously indicated in its payment
claim.

8 The adjudication was conducted by Mr Mohan R Pillay (“the Adjudicator”). On
17 February 2017, the Adjudicator gave an Adjudication Determination (“the
AD”) in AES’s favour for the amount of $1,077,151.37 inclusive of GST and
costs (“the Adjudicated Amount”). In arriving at his decision, the Adjudicator
disregarded WYSE’s set-off argument, as he found that the payment response
stating the reason for withholding payment had been served out of time.

9 WYSE refused to pay AES the Adjudicated Amount. On 28 February 2017, AES
took out OS 205 to seek leave of court to enforce the AD as a judgment debt or
order of court under s 27(1) of the SOP Act. The court granted the application
and handed down ORC 1337, which required WYSE to pay the Adjudicated Amount
(with interest) and the costs of OS 205.

10 WYSE then applied to this court, in SUM 1227, to set aside ORC 1337.

Parties’ submissions

WYSE’s submissions

11 WYSE did not challenge the validity of the AD. However, WYSE sought to set
aside ORC 1337 on the ground that WYSE was entitled contractually to set off
the Adjudicated Amount of $1,069,062.17 against the $1.47m of the liquidated
damages (out of the total of $2.05m claimed by WyWy) which was allegedly
attributable to AES. The result was that nothing needed to be paid to AES.

12 In support of this argument, WYSE pointed out that the SOP Act did not
expressly prohibit set-off under the contract or general law at the stage of
the enforcement of the AD. Section 27 of the SOP Act was unlike s 25 of the
New South Wales Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act
1999 (No 46 of 1999) (NSW) (“the NSW Act”), which included an express
prohibition (in s 25(4)(a)(i)) to that effect.

13 WYSE also argued that a set-off was a form of payment, and there was
therefore no “unpaid part of the adjudication amount” to form the basis of ORC
1337.

14 It was further submitted that because the Adjudicator did not adjudicate on
the merits of WYSE’s set-off against AES for liquidated damages, but instead
declined to consider the set-off as the payment response was lodged out of
time, WYSE’s claim to a set-off was akin to a repeat claim which had not been
adjudicated before and which could still be a valid claim.

AES’s submissions

15 AES submitted that WYSE’s application to set aside the AD was an abuse of
process and an attempt to circumvent s 15(3) of the SOP Act. If WYSE had
wished to rely on a set-off in the adjudication, it should have served a
payment response within the required timeframe. WYSE had failed to do so and
could not evade the consequences of its failure by seeking to rely on the set-
off at this stage, where AES was seeking enforcement of the AD.

16 AES also argued that WYSE could not rely on the set-off provision in cl
11.4 of the Sub-Contract as it was void under s 36(2) of the SOP Act.

Issues

17 The central issue in this application was whether ORC 1337 should be set
aside. This depended on whether the SOP Act permitted a respondent to raise a
set-off – specifically, one which was disputed and was not itself the subject
of an order, judgment, award or adjudication determination – against an
adjudicated amount found to be payable under an adjudication determination.

18 The second issue was whether, if I did not set aside ORC 1337, I should
grant a stay of execution of the order pending the determination of arbitral
proceedings between the parties regarding AES’s liability for the liquidated
damages.

19 Ultimately, I rejected WYSE’s application concerning the two issues above.
This gave rise to the third issue when WYSE’s counsel immediately made an oral
application for a stay of execution of my order pending the resolution of an
appeal to the Court of Appeal, which WYSE intended to file. Whether to grant
that stay was the last issue I had to decide.

The statutory context

20 Before considering the main issues in this application, it was crucial to
first appreciate the rationale of the SOP Act and to understand the purpose of
the adjudication process, which derives its legitimacy from the SOP Act. This
was necessary not only as a matter of common sense, but also because the
principle of purposive interpretation enshrined in s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) mandates the court to prefer “an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not)”.

The object and purpose of the SOP Act

21 The object and purpose of the SOP Act was definitively set out by Sundaresh
Menon CJ, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal in W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel”). To
paraphrase, the court held (at [18]) that Parliament had introduced the SOP
Act to provide the construction industry with a low-cost, efficient and quick
process for the adjudication of payment disputes so that main contractors do
not unfairly or unreasonably delay or withhold payment from their sub-
contractors. Such actions or strategies by main contractors would invariably
hinder the downstream cash flow which is the life blood of the construction
industry. This was and is of special concern given that sub-contractors often
do not have much financial resilience, and may rely on the anticipated
payments coming in on time in order to meet their own obligations to other
parties. Thus, disputes between contractors and sub-contractors over
entitlements to payment could have serious knock-on effects on other players
in the construction industry. In the absence of a mechanism to speedily
resolve such disputes, the proliferation of such disputes, and the delay in
the resolution of such disputes would carry the potential to cause
insolvencies and significantly disrupt the industry as a whole.

22 As observed in W Y Steel (at [18]–[19]), the SOP Act was intended to solve
this problem in the following manner:

18 … The Act achieves its stated purpose of facilitating cash flow in the
building and construction industry in two principal ways. First, it
establishes that parties who have done work or supplied goods are entitled to
payment as of right: see s 5 of the Act. Second, it creates an intervening,
provisional process of adjudication which, although provisional in nature, is
final and binding on the parties to the adjudication until their differences
are ultimately and conclusively determined or resolved: see s 21 of the Act.
This is what is referred to as temporary finality.

19 As stated by Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng (“the Minister of State”), the then
Minister of State for National Development, in his speech at the second
reading of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill
2004 (Bill 54 of 2004) (“the SOP Bill”), which was later enacted as Act
57/2004 (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November
2004) vol 78 at col 1112 (“Singapore Parliamentary Debates vol 78, col
1112”)):

The SOP Bill will preserve the rights to payment for work done and goods
supplied of all the parties in the construction industry. It also facilitates
cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve
payment disputes. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 At the same time, Parliament recognised that quick justice may not be
perfect. An adjudication process speedy enough to ensure that payment was made
before its withholding became commercially dangerous was necessary. It was
acknowledged that the adjudication process might not be expected to provide
the same level of scrutiny and sophisticated legal analysis as would be
available before a court or an ordinary arbitral tribunal. In that sense
adjudication under the SOP Act delivers a “roughshod” kind of justice, which
is compensated for by the fact that the adjudication only has “temporary
finality”, ie, finality until the dispute is “reopened at a later time and
ventilated in another more thorough and deliberate forum” (W Y Steel at [22]).
As the court observed in W Y Steel (at [20]), one aspect of this notion of
temporary finality is:

… the idea that the parties to a construction contract should “pay now, argue
later”: per Ward LJ in RJT Consulting Engineers Ltd v DM Engineering (Northern
Ireland) Ltd [2002] 1WLR 2344 at [1]. The appeal of this philosophy is
apparent: payments, and therefore cash flow, should not be held up by
counterclaims and claims for set-offs that may prove to be specious at the end
of lengthy and expensive proceedings that have to be undertaken in order to
disentangle the knot of disputed claims and cross-claims. … [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

In other words, there is no injustice to the parties despite the haste and
roughshod quality of justice in the adjudication process as the parties may
continue to pursue their respective rights in arbitration or litigation.

24 However, it must not be forgotten that until the parties’ rights are
finally resolved through arbitration or litigation (or, of course, by
alternative processes such as mediation), an adjudication determination is
final and binding on the parties. This was reiterated in the strongest terms
by the Court of Appeal in Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania v Hauslab Design &
Build Pte Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 890 at [30]– [31]:

30 It would be helpful to begin with a reiteration of the concept of temporary
finality, which undergirds the adjudication regime in Singapore. In short, the
Act creates an intervening, provisional process of adjudication which,
although provisional in nature, is final and binding on the parties to the
adjudication until their differences are ultimately and conclusively
determined or resolved whether by arbitration or litigation. This generally
takes place after the completion of the works and the arbitrator or the court
is empowered in that context, to review, open up, and set aside the earlier
adjudication determination. But until then, the adjudication determination
binds the parties.

31 Admittedly, this abbreviated process of dispute resolution is a species of
rough justice (W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380
(“W Y Steel”) at [22]). But we tolerate this because it ensures that payments
are made upfront. Because cash flow is the life blood of those in the building
and construction industry, timeous payment for work done or materials supplied
ensures that the construction work will proceed with minimal disruption as far
as this is possible (W Y Steel at [18]). Any shortcomings in the process is
offset by the fact that the resultant decision only has temporary finality in
that there remains the possibility of argument and reversal of the
adjudicator’s determination after the construction project is completed in
another more thorough and deliberate forum (W Y Steel at [22]). We echoed this
in Grouteam Pte Ltd v UES Holdings Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 1011 (“Grouteam”) at
[63] albeit in a slightly different context.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

25 In addition to the general purpose and context of the SOP Act, and its core
concept of temporary finality, some specific provisions of the SOP Act were of
particular relevance to this application: namely, ss 15(3), 27 and 36.

Set-off under s 15(3) of the SOP Act

26 Under the SOP Act, parties are allowed to state their respective positions,
legal arguments, and relevant facts to the adjudicator for him to consider.
However, some restrictions apply. Section 15(3) is the provision specifically
concerned with set-off and other reasons for withholding payment on the part
of a respondent. In the context of a construction contract, any reasons for
withholding payment should be stated in the payment response; they cannot be
held back and raised for the first time in adjudication. The precise
consequences of failing to include a reason at that stage are spelled out in s
15(3)(a) of the SOP Act, which reads:

(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant;

In other words, no withholding reason may be raised or considered in an
adjudication if it was not included in the payment response. An adjudicator
lacks the power or jurisdiction to consider such reasons.

27 The natural consequence of this is that in a case where no payment response
was provided within the statutorily allowed timeframe (ie, either within the
initial period for providing a payment response under s 11(1), or within the
dispute settlement period under s 12(4) read with s 12(5)), no withholding
reasons, including set-off, may be raised in adjudication. These strict legal
requirements under the SOP Act have been forcefully and succinctly explained
in Chow Kok Fong, Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013) (“Chow Kok Fong 2013”) (at para 6.64):

… The sting is felt when the respondent files his adjudication response. If he
fails to issue a payment response, he forfeits any right to raise any cross-
claim, counterclaim and set-off in the adjudication response and the
adjudicator is required under the Singapore SOP Act to exclude those issues
from his consideration. Consequently, the respondent’s case in such an event
is limited to ‘procedural or jurisdictional objections’. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics; footnotes omitted]

28 These principles were applicable to the present case. The Adjudicator found
that the last day for WYSE to serve a payment response was 23 December 2016.
Further, WYSE had only served a purported payment response on 28 December
2016. This was out of time, and as a result, the Adjudicator was constrained
by s 15(3)(a) of the SOP Act to refuse to consider the set-off which WYSE had
attempted to raise. None of this was disputed in SUM 1227, but it formed a
crucial part of the necessary context for my decision on the live issues.

Enforcement under s 27 of the SOP Act

29 If a respondent fails to pay an adjudicated amount, a claimant has recourse
to the court under s 27. The section reads as follows:

Enforcement of adjudication determination as judgment debt, etc.

27.—(1) An adjudication determination made under this Act may, with leave of
the court, be enforced in the same manner as a judgment or an order of the
court to the same effect.

(2) Where leave of the court is so granted, judgment may be entered in the
terms of the adjudication determination.

(3) An application for leave to enforce an adjudication determination may not
be filed in court under this section unless it is accompanied by an affidavit
by the applicant stating that the whole or part of the adjudicated amount has
not been paid at the time the application is filed.

(4) If the affidavit referred to in subsection (3) indicates that part of the
adjudicated amount has been paid, the judgment shall be for the unpaid part of
the adjudicated amount.

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings.

Prevention of contracting out under s 36 of the SOP Act

30 Finally, s 36 is highly pertinent as it voids any contractual term that
defeats the provisions of the SOP Act. The relevant provisions read:

No contracting out

36.—(1) The provisions of this Act shall have effect notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary in any contract or agreement.

(2) The following provisions in any contract or agreement (whether in writing
or not) shall be void:

(a) a provision under which the operation of this Act or any part thereof is,
or is purported to be, excluded, modified, restricted or in any way
prejudiced, or that has the effect of excluding, modifying, restricting or
prejudicing the operation of this Act or any part thereof;

(b) a provision that may reasonably be construed as an attempt to deter a
person from taking action under this Act.

…

[emphasis added in italics]

31 Having set out the relevant context and provisions of the SOP Act, I shall
now explain the various issues in my decision.

Decision

The first issue: Was WYSE allowed to raise the contractual set-off against the
Adjudicated Amount?

32 This question required the examination of two provisions under the SOP Act:
first, whether s 27 contained an implied prohibition, and second, whether s 36
(the provision against contracting out) would render void the contractual
provisions on which WYSE’s set-off depended.

Did s 27 of the SOP Act implicitly prohibit the raising of a disputed set-off,
which was not the subject of any judgment, order, award or adjudication
determination, against an adjudicated amount?

33 Before I deal with the issue in this case I would like to make some
observations and examine different scenarios in which set-offs could possibly
be made against an adjudicated award. When a claimant and respondent both
agree to a set-off after an adjudication determination is made, this would not
pose any problems as parties have chosen to resolve their differences amicably
regardless of the legality of the set-off under the SOP Act. Problems also
would not arise where the claimant does not dispute a respondent’s right to
the sum sought to be set off (ie, the claimant recognises the respondent’s
right to be paid that sum). Another scenario in which set-off against an
adjudicated amount would likely be uncontroversial would be when the sum
sought to be set off is the subject of an existing court order, judgment,
arbitral award, or another adjudication determination. I do not propose to
analyse the legal issues arising from the above scenarios in detail or to give
any definitive answer as to whether set-off against an adjudicated amount
under those circumstances would indeed be permissible under the SOP Act. I
merely observe, first, that a convincing argument could be made in those
circumstances, and secondly, that those were not the circumstances in which
SUM 1227 arose.

34 The issue in this case was whether s 27 of the SOP Act implicitly prohibits
a disputed and unadjudicated set-off from being raised against an adjudicated
amount. I found that s 27 does contain such an implicit prohibition, for the
reasons set out below.

(1) The absence of an express prohibition of set-off against an adjudicated
amount was a neutral factor

35 WYSE argued that since the SOP Act was enacted in 2004 after a review of
other statutes in UK and Australia, the court should begin by taking reference
from those statutes. It was contended that the SOP Act was particularly
similar to the NSW Act. The court was referred to s 25(4)(a)(i) of the NSW
Act, which prohibits a respondent from raising cross-claims against the
claimant who seeks to enforce an adjudication determination. Section 25 reads:

25 Filing of adjudication certificate as judgment debt

(1) An adjudication certificate may be filed as a judgment for a debt in any
court of competent jurisdiction and is enforceable accordingly.

(2) An adjudication certificate cannot be filed under this section unless it
is accompanied by an affidavit by the claimant stating that the whole or any
part of the adjudicated amount has not been paid at the time the certificate
is filed.

(3) If the affidavit indicates that part of the adjudicated amount has been
paid, the judgment is for the unpaid part of that amount only.

(4) If the respondent commences proceedings to have the judgment set aside,
the respondent:

(a) is not, in those proceedings, entitled:

(i) to bring any cross-claim against the claimant, or

(ii) to raise any defence in relation to matters arising under the
construction contract, or

(iii) to challenge the adjudicator’s determination, and

(b) is required to pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the
adjudicated amount pending the final determination of those proceedings.

[emphasis added in italics]

36 I noted that a provision somewhat similar in effect can also be found in s
79 of the Construction Contracts Act 2002 of New Zealand (NZ). That provision
applies to “any proceedings for the recovery of a debt” and prohibits
consideration of “any counterclaim, set-off, or cross-demand” unless it is the
subject of a judgment or is undisputed. In contrast, the Housing Grants,
Construction and Regeneration Act 1996 (c 53) (UK) (“HGCRA”) of the United
Kingdom does not include any such provision. The relevant provision, s 108(3)
of the HGCRA, merely states that “The contract shall provide that the decision
of the adjudicator is binding until the dispute is finally determined by legal
proceedings, by arbitration … or by agreement”.

37 The essence of WYSE’s argument was that since the SOP Act was modelled
after the NSW Act, the omission of the prohibition found in s 25(4)(a)(i) of
the NSW Act must mean that the SOP Act allows cross-claims and set-offs.

38 I was unable to accept this argument. Drafting is not an exact science, and
material which one set of drafters might decide to include for the avoidance
of doubt may be material which a different set of drafters might, equally
reasonably, consider to be sufficiently and so clearly implied as to go
without saying. One could just as easily flip the matter around, and ask: if
Parliament had actively considered the question and decided that there should
be such a right, why would it not have said so in the statute? Such
speculation, in general, leads nowhere unless there is something in the
secondary material (especially the Hansard) which suggests that there was
disagreement over, or concern regarding, the effect of the omitted provision,
and that the omission was intended to exclude that effect.

39 Furthermore, if I were to accept that the omission of a provision similar
to s 25(4)(a)(i) of the NSW Act implied that cross-claims could be raised at
the enforcement stage, that same logic would also apply to the omission of a
provision similar to s 25(4)(a)(ii) of the NSW Act, which concerns “any
defence in relation to matters arising under the construction contract”. This
would imply that s 27 of the SOP Act allows the raising of “any defence in
relation to matters arising under the construction contract” at the stage
where an adjudication determination is sought to be enforced as a judgment.
That outcome would plainly make a mockery of the requirement that all
withholding reasons which a respondent wished to rely on must be included in
the payment response, and that an adjudication determination should be final
and binding until the dispute is permanently resolved in court or in
arbitration. Understandably, WYSE did not suggest that raising such a defence
to resist enforcement of an adjudication determination would be permissible –
yet that was the inescapable consequence of WYSE’s argument on this point.

40 In short, the absence from the SOP Act of a provision similar to s
25(4)(a)(i) of the NSW Act was a neutral factor. It was necessary to consider
what the SOP Act did say, in the context of its object and purpose, to
determine whether a similar provision prohibiting the raising of a disputed
and unadjudicated set-off was intended to be implied. In England, for example,
the absence of such an express provision from the HGCRA had not prevented
English courts from effectively reading in such a requirement (see the
analysis beginning at [58] below). There was no reason why a Singapore court
would not do the same, provided this did not compromise the object and purpose
of the SOP Act.

(2) The language of s 27 implies a payment and not discharge of the
adjudicated amount by way of a purported set-off

41 On its face, s 27 appears to contemplate an actual payment. The section
uses the words ”pay”, “paid” and “unpaid” several times. Section 27(4) refers
to “the unpaid part of the adjudication amount”, while s 27(5) refers to “the
unpaid portion of the amount that [a party seeking to set aside an
adjudication determination or judgment] is required to pay”. By the ordinary
meaning of the words, one would expect these words to relate to a payment of
funds by way of cash, check, or other accepted mode of payment. Other
provisions of the SOP Act confirm that this everyday sense of the word “pay”,
and its variants, was the one intended by Parliament. In particular, s 15(3)
refers to “any reason for withholding any amount, including but not limited to
any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off” [emphasis added]. Clearly, the
statute treats a set-off as a reason for withholding payment, rather than as a
mode of payment.

42 WYSE argued that the references in s 27 to the unpaid part or portion
actually meant that set-off was permitted as a method of payment. It further
argued that since the Adjudicated Amount had been set-off against AES’s larger
debt, there was no unpaid part or portion capable of being the subject of an
enforcement order. I rejected this argument. WYSE’s interpretation would
distort the intent and meaning of s 27 of the SOP Act. Firstly, s 27 does not
expressly or impliedly indicate that WYSE could set-off against AES’s
Adjudicated Amount. Secondly, s 27 is a provision on enforcement of an
adjudication determination and AES was required to file an affidavit to state
the whole of the Adjudicated Amount that had not been paid at the time the
application for leave to enforce the AD was filed. Section 27 did not require
WYSE to file an affidavit. Hence there is no provision under s 27 for WYSE to
state the details of this set-off. This further indicates that Parliament had
no intention to allow a respondent to raise a set-off or other defence at the
enforcement stage.

43 WYSE relied on two English cases for its propositions. The first of these
cases, In re Harmony and Montague Tin and Copper Mining Company [1873] 8 Ch
App 407 (“Harmony”), concerned whether a shareholder had made “payment in
cash” for the purposes of the Companies Act 1867 (c 131) when he had, by the
company’s agreement, had his account credited with the price of a property he
had sold to the company and debited with the amount payable on his shares (at
408). The English Court of Appeal reasoned that the relevant provision of the
Companies Act 1867 had been introduced to prevent shareholders from taking
shares in consideration of supplying goods to the company at a later date, an
arrangement which would mean that creditors would find themselves deprived of
the remedies they would usually expect to have against the persons registered
as shareholders (at 412). Therefore, Sir W M James LJ (with whom Sir G Mellish
LJ agreed) held (at 412):

… if a transaction resulted in this, that there was on the one side a bonâ
fide debt payable in money at once for the purchase of property, and on the
other side a bonâ fide liability to pay money at once on shares, so that if
bank notes had been handed from one side of the table to the other in payment
of calls, they might legitimately have been handed back in payment for the
property, it did appear to me in Fothergill’s Case, and does appear to me now,
that this Act of Parliament did not make it necessary that the formality
should be gone through of the money being handed over and taken back again;
but that if the two demands are set off against each other the shares have
been paid for in cash.

44 I did not find Harmony to be of much assistance in the present case. To
begin with, the court there was concerned with the interpretation of an
entirely different statute with completely different aims. The court there
found that the purpose of the provision was, in essence, to combat the
mischief of deceptive share subscription agreements by which shareholders and
company colluded to the creditors’ detriment. Maintaining cash flow to the
company was not a direct concern. In that context, it was only sensible to say
that a genuine transaction by way of set-off would constitute payment
(specifically, payment in cash).

45 Moreover, the kind of transaction contemplated in Harmony was one in which
both parties had consented to the set-off and, in effect, agreed to treat the
set-off as payment of their respective obligations (see 408 and 412). In such
circumstances, the set-off “merely constitutes an agreed method of payment”
(see Rory Derham, Derham on the Law of Set-Off (Oxford UP, 4th Ed, 2010) at
para 16.01, in which Harmony is cited). But the fact that parties can agree on
set-off as a method of payment does not mean that a disputed, unilaterally
determined set-off would suffice as payment at common law, let alone under the
SOP Act. To put it simply, a claimant would be free to choose to accept a set-
off offered by a respondent as payment, but the respondent cannot insist that
the claimant do so. In the latter situation, if the court were to recognise
the set-off as effective payment, it would not be merely dispensing with “the
formality … of the money being handed over and taken back again” (Harmony at
412). It would be forcing the claimant to accept an unproven and disputed
defence asserted by the respondent. That would not be fair.

46 As for the possible argument that AES consented in advance to the set-off
by agreeing to cl 11.4 of the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract, I refer to my
analysis at [78]–[81] below. For much the same reasons reflected there, I was
of the view that although AES had indeed consented to set-off against sums due
under the Sub-Contract, this consent did not extend to set-off against an
adjudicated amount under an adjudication determination, particularly when the
liquidated damages, central to the set-off, would be vigorously contested.

47 The second case relied on by WYSE was Burton (Collector of Taxes) v Mellham
Ltd [2006] 1 WLR 2820 (“Mellham”). That case concerned whether a taxpayer
could set off, against a sum of mainstream corporation tax (“MCT”) due, a sum
of advance corporation tax (“ACT”) already paid by a taxpayer – which the
revenue would otherwise have been obliged to repay – and thereby treat the tax
due as having been paid by virtue of that set-off (at [16]–[17]). The House of
Lords answered that question in the affirmative, but its decision turned,
among other things, on the language of the statute in question. As Lord Walker
of Gestingthorpe (with whom the other Law Lords agreed) stated (at [20]):

… the reference in section 246N(2) to tax being “set off” looks forward to
section 246Q(2) which refers to an amount being “set off against the company’s
liability to corporation tax for the relevant period” … This is not an
ordinary set of cross-claims. It is treating a payment of ACT by a company to
the revenue as discharging in advance a liability for MCT to be paid by the
same company to the revenue.

This highly specific wording made it clear that a taxpayer had a right to set-
off and that exercising that right had the effect of satisfying, in advance,
the taxpayer’s payment obligation with regard to MCT for the relevant period.
No similar provision can be found in the SOP Act.

48 The court in Mellham also considered reasons of policy that do not apply to
the SOP Act. Lord Walker observed that although maintaining the cash flow of
the revenue was one purpose of the statute, this could be achieved through
deterrence in the form of additional interest imposed for non-payment (at
[21]). Further, given that the ultimate purpose of the statute was the
management of the tax system, the court found that “there is no good reason
why ‘payment’ … should not include other forms of discharge or satisfaction”
(at [23]). Neither of these statements applied in the context of the SOP Act,
which did not provide for deterrent measures and which was passed to ensure
that sub-contractors would not be deprived of the cash flow they required to
meet their obligations to other parties.

49 In short, both English cases cited by WYSE concerned the interpretation of
provisions in statutes very different from the SOP Act. They also concerned
very different set-offs: the first concerned mutually-agreed set-off and the
second concerned a set-off which the relevant statute clearly stipulated would
serve as advance payment of the sum which would otherwise be due. Finally,
nothing in either case could overcome the difficulty presented by s 15(3) of
the SOP Act, which classified a set-off as a reason for withholding payment
(and thus implicitly not a form of payment). Consequently, I found that WYSE’s
argument lacked a sufficient basis in relevant authority, and should be
rejected.

(3) The scheme of the SOP Act, as well as its object and purpose, required
set-offs against an adjudicated amount to be excluded

50 In addition to the language used in the SOP Act, its scheme and its
underlying object and purpose require s 27 to be interpreted as mandating
actual payment of the Adjudicated Amount and not discharge by way of a
disputed set-off.

51 As earlier stated, the object and purpose of the SOP Act is to protect cash
flow in the construction industry and to create a quick and efficient means of
providing temporary finality to any disputes that may arise. The intended
result is for employers to “pay first, argue later”, so that sub-contractors
would not be held up waiting till the end of a long-drawn dispute (especially
concerning set-offs, cross-claims and counterclaims) for payment (see W Y
Steel ([21] supra) at [20]). One of the mechanisms by which this is intended
to be achieved is enshrined in s 15(3), which clearly states that any reasons
for withholding payment, including a set-off, must be included in the payment
response or be wholly disregarded by the adjudicator. Such a strict
requirement is necessary because of the tight timelines imposed under the SOP
Act; without s 15(3), a claimant might not have sufficient time to prepare
himself for the case he was to meet at the adjudication. This in turn would
lead to either difficulties for the claimant’s case, or a delay of the
adjudication in order to allow the claimant to respond. By including s 15(3),
Parliament nipped such problems in the bud by requiring strict compliance
before a set-off (or any other reason for withholding payment) could be raised
at all.

52 WYSE had failed to comply with s 15(3), and had therefore suffered the
consequence of having its defence of set-off disregarded in the adjudication.
This did not mean that WYSE had no other legal recourse. WYSE could have
pursued its claim for liquidated damages in a separate action. Indeed, WYSE
had done precisely that by commencing arbitral proceedings against AES for its
claim for liquidated damages. However, WYSE was not entitled to raise its
claim for set-off at the present stage where AES sought to enforce the AD.
Interpreting s 27 to allow WYSE to raise set-off against the Adjudicated
Amount would be unacceptable and would cut against the scheme and the object
and purpose of the SOP Act, for five reasons.

53 First, it would mean that WYSE would be given a second bite of the cherry.
Although the merits of WYSE’s attempted set-off were disregarded, WYSE
nonetheless did have an opportunity to present its arguments to the
Adjudicator and attempt to persuade him that time should be reckoned so as to
count WYSE’s payment response as being within time. Had WYSE succeeded, the
merits of the set-off argument would have been considered at that stage. It
would be unfair to AES for WYSE to have a second chance now.

54 Secondly, the adjudication process had already been completed with the
Adjudicator issuing the AD. To allow set-off to be raised against the
Adjudicated Amount under the AD would mean that the pains taken by the
Adjudicator in his deliberations, and by the parties’ counsel in participating
in the process, would be wasted. Wastage of time and costs would be
understandable and inevitable if the Adjudicator had committed a fundamental
error, such as an error as to his jurisdiction, or a breach of natural
justice, but not when the adjudication had been carried out entirely properly
and it had only been WYSE which had failed to comply with the SOP Act (and had
paid the price for it).

55 Thirdly, it would bring the adjudication process into ill repute as WYSE,
the party in default, would have been allowed to frustrate a valid and final
AD.

56 Fourthly, as explained above, the adjudication process was meant to be a
simple and quick process to ensure that an adjudicated amount owed to a
claimant (such as AES) was paid without delay. Even disregarding the wastage
of costs (as discussed at [54] above), the additional delay occasioned by
WYSE’s attempt to raise a set-off in SUM 1227 was already an added prejudice
which should not be permitted to occur in future. In contrast, WYSE’s
substantive rights in these transactions had not been compromised and indeed
it had already commenced arbitral proceedings to recover its liquidated
damages.

57 Fifthly, and closely related to the fourth reason, WYSE’s reading of s 27
would be incongruous with the overall object and purpose of the SOP Act.
Section 15(3) would lose the sting which was so crucial to the efficient
administration of the SOP Act regime. Instead of respondents being
incentivised to bring forth all their reasons for withholding payment in the
payment response in order for them to be heard in the adjudication,
respondents would instead be free to pick and choose when to make their
arguments of set-off, cross-claim, or counterclaim (and possibly even other
reasons for withholding). Taken to an extreme, this interpretation of the SOP
Act would cause considerable delay instead of expedition: a respondent could
mount a defence at the adjudication stage based on reasons disclosed in the
payment response, but hold additional reasons back to spring on a claimant
when the claimant attempts to enforce the adjudication determination. This
would be an unacceptable perversion of the statute.

58 The reasons stated above, particularly the fifth reason, were supported by
Chow Kok Fong 2013, in which the learned author observed that:

[7.42] … It would follow that it would be very rare that an unsuccessful party
can avoid payment of the adjudicated amount. He can resist enforcement by
applying to set aside an adjudication determination pursuant to section 27(5)
but this requires that he first pays into the court as security the unpaid
portion of the adjudicated amount.

[7.43] The position is therefore similar to that in the United Kingdom. In VHE
Construction plc v RBSTB Trust Co Ltd (2000), Judge Hicks QC stated that to
permit a set-off against a sum awarded by an adjudicator would be tantamount
to defeating the purpose of the Housing Grants, Construction and Regeneration
Act 1996 (the ‘HGCRA’). The premise is that Parliament has decreed that any
sums awarded by an adjudicator should be paid and the courts must be expected
to enforce those decisions. If there is a set-off provision in the subject
contract, it may be expected that the adjudicator would take this into account
in formulating the terms of his determination.

[footnotes omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

59 Another English authority in support of the above position was William
Verry Limited v The Mayor and Burgesses of the London Borough of Camden [2006]
EWHC 761 (TCC). There, Ramsey J held that any contractual right that might
allow a party to avoid the obligation to comply with the adjudicator’s
decision must be disallowed, because (at [24]):

… The intention of Parliament must be that the decision is binding and
enforced [at] an interim stage. If the decision were no more than another
contractual obligation, which could be breached or could be reduced or
diminished by other contractual obligations, then the fundamental purpose of
providing cash flow in the construction industry would be undermined.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

60 A similar conclusion was reached by the English Court of Appeal in Ferson
Contractors Ltd v Levolux AT Ltd [2003] EWCA Civ 11 (“Ferson”), in which Sir C
Mantell LJ (with whom the other judges of the court agreed) stated (at [30]):

… The intended purpose of s 108 is plain. It is explained in those cases to
which I have referred in an earlier part of this judgment. … The contract must
be construed so as to give effect to the intention of Parliament rather than
to defeat it. If that cannot be achieved by way of construction, then the
offending clause must be struck down. … [emphasis added in bold italics]

The “earlier part of this judgment” referred to in the above quote discussed
Parliament’s intention that an adjudicator’s decision be binding, and be
complied with, until there was a final determination of the dispute. The court
found that the contractual provisions concerning set-off, in that sub-
contract, could not apply to sums owing under an adjudication determination.

61 Against these English authorities, which I found to be highly persuasive,
WYSE cited several other English cases which purportedly supported the
contrary position. On the basis of those cases, WYSE contended that English
law permits a contractual set-off against an adjudicated sum where such set-
off does not offend the policy of the legislative scheme. I did not disagree
with that statement; indeed, I recognised that there may be limited situations
in which set-off against an adjudicated amount might be permissible (see [33]
and [45] above). However, it appeared to me that the facts of those cases and
the statutory context were materially different from this case.

62 One such case was the decision of the English Court of Appeal in Parsons
Plastics v Purac Ltd [2002] EWCA Civ 559 (“Parsons”). The court held that the
respondent was entitled to exercise its contractual right of set-off – which
had not been raised in the adjudication – against the ad hoc adjudicator’s
decision. It was critical to note that in Parsons the adjudication process was
not brought under the HGCRA. The parties had been concerned over the
jurisdiction of the adjudicator under the HGCRA, as the relevant work was not
a “construction operation” as defined therein. They hence chose ad hoc
adjudication under the terms of the subcontract. The premise of that
adjudication was therefore the subcontract of the parties, and not anything
mandated by the HGCRA. As the court in Ferson observed (at [29]), the
consequence was that the court in Parsons did not need to consider the effect
of s 108 of the HGCRA. It follows that the outcome might have been different
had the adjudication been conducted under the HGCRA. Thus, Parsons was not
germane to this case.

63 Another case referred to by WYSE was Balfour Beatty v Serco Limited [2004]
EWHC 3336 (“Balfour”), in which Jackson J (as he then was), after having
surveyed the authorities, stated (at [53]):

a. Where it follows logically from an adjudicator’s decision that the employer
is entitled to recover a specific sum by way of liquidated and ascertained
damages, then the employer may set off that sum against monies payable to the
contractor pursuant to the adjudicator’s decision, provided that the employer
has given proper notice (insofar as required).

b. Where the entitlement to liquidated and ascertained damages has not been
determined either expressly or impliedly by the adjudicator's decision, then
the question whether the employer is entitled to set off liquidated and
ascertained damages against sums awarded by the adjudicator will depend upon
the terms of the contract and the circumstances of the case.

64 The first proposition was sensible, but was unlikely to be relevant to the
Singapore context. It was intended to address the situation where an
adjudicator had not made a specific finding on the availability of a set-off,
but had made findings of fact which logically implied that a set-off must be
available. The SOP Act regime requires that all withholding reasons for the
adjudicator’s consideration must be specified in the payment response, such a
scenario would not occur. Either the set-off was raised, in which case the
adjudicator would have to decide on it, or it was not, in which case it would
not be possible to imply the availability of a set-off in the manner described
in Balfour.

65 As for the second proposition, with respect to the learned judge, I doubted
whether this was an accurate reflection of the state of the English
authorities. The controlling authorities were two English Court of Appeal
cases: Parsons and Ferson. Parsons, as earlier stated, was not even an HGCRA
case, a fact which the court in Ferson used to distinguish Parsons (see Ferson
at [29]). The court in Balfour should therefore have been guided by the
holding in Ferson, which made it clear that Parliament’s intention trumped any
contractual provisions to the contrary (see [60] above). With that in mind, it
could not accurately be said that the availability of set-off would depend
upon the terms of the contract and the circumstances of the case.

66 It may also be noted that, ultimately, the court in Balfour granted summary
judgment to the claimant and disallowed the respondent’s claims, which
included liquidated damages which were strongly disputed. This was decided
because the contract between the parties contained provisions “requir[ing]
both parties to give effect forthwith to the adjudicator’s decision”,
provisions which, the court noted, accorded with the statutory requirements
and with Parliamentary intention (at [54]). Arguably, the court in fact
applied the rule in Ferson, albeit without saying so.

67 WYSE further cited JPA Design and Build Limited v Sentosa (UK) Limited
[2009] EWHC 2312 (TCC) (“JPA”) to illustrate that English law allowed two
adjudication decisions to be set-off against each other. Coulson J reasoned
that since two judgments or orders could be set-off, there was no reason why
the same should not apply to two adjudication decisions (at [27]). Given that
both adjudication decisions had to be complied with forthwith, Coulson J’s
reasoning could be viewed as simply an extension of the observation in Harmony
([43] supra at 412) that it would be pointless to insist “that the formality
should be gone through of the money being handed over and taken back again.” I
was inclined to agree with this decision (as I acknowledged, in substance, at
[33] above), but those were simply not the facts of the present case. WYSE was
attempting to set off liquidated damages which had not yet been the subject of
any other adjudication decision, judgment or order, and were moreover hotly
disputed by AES. Consequently, the decision in JPA was of no help to WYSE.

68 Finally, WYSE cited Thameside Construction Co Ltd v Stevens and another
[2013] EWHC 2071 (TCC) (“Thameside”). AES also referred to this case. There,
Akenhead J reviewed the previous cases and attempted to summarise the
circumstances in which set-off could operate. The court clearly stated that
set-off against an adjudicated amount was exceptional and normally prohibited
(at [24(c)]–[24(e)]):

…

(c) The general position is that adjudicators’ decisions which direct that one
or other party is to pay money are to be honoured and that no set-off or
withholding against payment of that amount should be permitted.

(d) There are limited exceptions. If there is a specified contractual right to
set-off which does not offend against the statutory requirement for immediate
enforcement of an adjudicator's decision, that is an exception albeit that it
will be a relatively rare one. Where an adjudicator is simply declaring that
an overall amount is due or is due for certification, rather than directing
that a balance should actually be paid, it may well be that a legitimate set-
off or withholding may be justified when that amount falls due for payment or
certification in the future. (See Squibb).

(e) Where otherwise it can be determined from the adjudicator's decision that
the adjudicator is permitting a further set-off to be made against the sum
otherwise decided as payable, that may well be sufficient to allow the set-off
to be made (see Balfour Beatty).

[emphasis added in italics]

69 It appeared to me that this case assisted AES and not WYSE. Any contractual
provision allowing set-off against an adjudicated amount would certainly
offend the SOP Act. Section 17(2)(a)–(b), read together, required an
adjudicator to state the amount to be paid and the date on which it was
payable. Section 22(1) of the SOP Act would then automatically convert that
determination into an obligation on the respondent’s part to pay the specified
sum. Thus, the “limited exceptions” contemplated in Thameside could not apply
to the present case.

70 To summarise, when the English cases were considered in their proper
context, they supported AES’s contention. This only fortified my conclusion
that, based on the local context of the SOP Act and Parliament’s object and
purpose in passing it, the set-off argued for by WYSE could not be permitted.

(4) WYSE’s attempt to raise a set-off against the Adjudicated Amount was not
akin to a repeat claim for a premature or untimely payment claim

71 Finally on this issue, WYSE also argued that since the merits of the set-
off had not been decided by the Adjudicator, the situation was similar to that
where a claimant’s payment claim had been dismissed as being either premature
or untimely. Such a claim could validly form the subject of a subsequent
payment claim and adjudication (see Admin Construction Pte Ltd v Vivaldi (S)
Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 609).

72 With respect, WYSE’s argument on this point was a non sequitur. A repeat
claim was specifically permitted under s 10(4) of the SOP Act, whereas nothing
in the SOP Act specifically permitted what WYSE was attempting to do.
Moreover, even if a set-off rejected due to the respondent’s failure to
include it in a timely payment response could be raised as a valid reason for
withholding in a subsequent adjudication, that suggestion did not assist WYSE.
AES had not commenced a new adjudication application, but had instead sought
to enforce the same adjudication determination in which the set-off had been
rejected. The analogy drawn was inappropriate and irrelevant.

73 For all the above reasons, I concluded that s 27 of the SOP Act prohibited
WYSE from raising a disputed set-off against an adjudicated amount.

Did s 36 of the SOP Act render cll 11.4 and 11.5 of the SIA Conditions of Sub-
Contract void?

74 A further question was whether s 36 of the SOP Act prohibited the set-off
argued for by WYSE, even if s 27 did not prohibit it.

75 To recapitulate, WYSE contended that it had a contractual right of set-off
under cl 11.4 read with cl 11.5 of the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract, which
had been incorporated into the Sub-Contract. The issue was whether such
provisions would be caught by s 36 of the SOP Act, which is reproduced at [30]
above.

76 In determining whether cll 11.4–11.5 contravened s 36(2)(a) of the SOP Act,
two questions arose:

(a) If cll 11.4–11.5 did apply to a post-adjudication scenario, would they
“ha[ve] the effect of excluding, modifying, restricting or prejudicing the
operation of [the SOP Act] or any part thereof”?

(b) Did cll 11.4–11.5 apply to a post-adjudication scenario as a matter of
contractual interpretation? If they did not, it would be difficult to see how
they could offend s 36(2)(a). By the same token, however, they could not then
be of any assistance to WYSE.

77 The first question was easily answered. If cll 11.4–11.5 indeed purported
to confer on WYSE a right to raise a set-off even after an adjudication
determination had been handed down, they would clearly contravene s 36(2)(a)
because – as I have already explained at [57] above – such an outcome would
allow for unacceptable delaying tactics and subvert the object and purpose of
the SOP Act.

78 With regard to the second question, I was of the view that cll 11.4–11.5
should not be interpreted to extend to the post-adjudication context, and the
clauses were therefore not voided by s 36(2)(a). Such a finding of course did
nothing to help WYSE in this case. It may, however, be of some interest to the
industry given that the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract are in wide usage, and
so it is worth explaining the reasoning which led me to that conclusion.

79 As a starting point, it should be noted that the court would not readily
interpret a provision as being intended to contravene a statute. This was
noted in Ferson ([60] supra at [30]), where Mantell LJ held that the court
would first attempt to interpret the contract consistently with the statute,
and only strike down the clause if that attempt failed. In that case, the
court successfully saved the clauses – which provided for set-off – by
deciding that the clauses “must be read as not applying to monies due by
reason of an adjudicator’s decision” (at [30]).

80 In my view, the same reading applied to the clauses in Ferson should apply
to cll 11.4–11.5 of the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract. There was no reason
why the phrase “set-off” in these clauses could not be interpreted as
referring to the set-off expressly permitted under s 15(3) of the SOP Act
provided the procedural requirements were strictly complied with. Read in this
light, there was nothing objectionable about cll 11.4–11.5, and WYSE would
have been entitled to raise a set-off in the adjudication if it had duly
notified AES of the set-off in a timely payment response. This situation was
unlike that in Choi Peng Kum and another v Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte Ltd
[2014] 1 SLR 1210, which was cited by AES. The clause in dispute in that case
(at least on the plaintiffs’ reading) purported to disallow a contractor from
making an adjudication application under the SOP Act. That was a clear-cut
case of a clause which, if given the reading the plaintiffs contended for,
would be caught by s 36(2)(b), which rendered void “a provision that may
reasonably be construed as an attempt to deter a person from taking action
under this Act”.

81 The language used in cll 11.4–11.5 confirmed the above interpretation.
Clause 11.4 only purported to allow WYSE to “set-off against any monies due to
the Sub-Contractor under this Sub-Contract”, and not against monies due by
virtue of any other reason. In principle, after an adjudication determination
is made, the obligation to pay the adjudicated amount is no longer merely an
obligation arising under the underlying contract. It may have derived from the
obligations contained in the underlying contract, but it has by virtue of the
adjudicator’s decision acquired an additional status as a statutory obligation
imposed by s 22(1) of the SOP Act, which mandates that the respondent (here,
WYSE) has to pay the adjudicated amount to the successful claimant (here,
AES). Thus, the adjudicated amount did not comprise merely “monies due … under
this Sub-Contract”, and a set-off could not be raised against it. Moreover, cl
11.5 stated that “notice [of the set-off] shall be given to the Sub-Contractor
not less than 7 days before the date of issuance of the payment response which
includes the amount stated as payable”. Such language could only make sense in
the context of set-off against an amount claimed but not yet adjudicated, as
no payment response would be required in relation to an adjudicated amount
under an adjudication determination.

82 Consequently, cll 11.4–11.5 of the SIA Conditions of Sub-Contract, when
correctly interpreted, would not have offended s 36(2) of the SOP Act. They
were therefore not void, as AES had argued. At the same time, when correctly
interpreted, these contractual provisions did not allow WYSE to raise a set-
off against the Adjudicated Amount.

83 Given my findings above, it was not strictly necessary for me to consider
this question. For completeness, however, I shall make some brief
observations.

Observations on the substantive merits of the purported set-off

84 As earlier stated, the purported set-off raised by WYSE related to the
liquidated damages of $2.05m imposed by WyWy, WYSE’s employer. WYSE contended
that the delay was partly caused by AES and attributed liability for $1.47m of
the liquidated damages to AES. Although WYSE asserted that there was no
genuine dispute as to its substantive entitlement to raise the set-off, this
was strongly denied by AES. AES contended that it had not caused the delay,
and stated that it had completed the works on time, ie, by 12 April 2016,
barring some minor defects. AES also alleged that the delays were the result
of WYSE’s own acts and omissions. AES questioned whether the claim that WyWy
had sought liquidated damages from WYSE was bona fide, because WyWy and WYSE
were closely connected – they shared the same directors and same registered
office address. The suggestion appeared to be that WyWy and WYSE could have
colluded to inflate the damages which WYSE could attempt to claim from AES.

85 It was not disputed that the issue of set-off would be hotly contested.
Given my earlier holdings, I did not need to reach a conclusion on the
substantive issues concerning the set-off. It suffices for me to comment that
even if I had been persuaded that WYSE was entitled, in principle, to raise a
set-off against the Adjudicated Amount on the basis of cll 11.4 and 11.5 of
the SIAC Conditions of Sub-Contract, I would not necessarily have found it
appropriate to set aside ORC 1337. To do so would effectively allow WYSE to
unilaterally decide the amount of the liquidated damages to be attributed to
AES when the latter had strongly contested its liability to pay those
liquidated damages. I would have had to carefully consider the likelihood of
each party ultimately succeeding. I would also have had to weigh the prejudice
to WYSE if it had to pay out the Adjudicated Amount against the prejudice to
AES if it was deprived of the Adjudicated Amount until the final resolution of
the dispute. Given the strong and well-established policy considerations in
favour of main contractors paying first and arguing with sub-contractors later
(as detailed at [21]–[23] above), I would have required convincing reasons why
it should be AES and not WYSE who should bear the risk of possible prejudice.

Conclusion on the first issue

86 Since I had found that WYSE was not entitled to raise the purported set-off
against the Adjudicated Amount, there was no basis to refuse enforcement of
the AD. I therefore dismissed WYSE’s primary prayer in SUM 1227 to set aside
ORC 1337.

The second issue: Should a stay of execution be ordered in respect of ORC 1337
pending the determination of arbitral proceedings on the claim for liquidated
damages against AES?

87 WYSE’s alternative prayer was for a stay of execution of ORC 1337 pending
the outcome of the arbitral proceedings between WYSE and AES in respect of the
underlying dispute. AES opposed the stay of the execution as it had been
waiting for payment for the past 13 months.

88 I was not inclined to grant the stay. As held by the Court of Appeal in W Y
Steel ([21] supra at [59]), a successful claimant would, ordinarily, be
entitled to receive the adjudicated amount without undue delay. This was
explained as follows:

59 … [T]he purpose of the Act is to ensure (inter alia) that even though
adjudication determinations are interim in nature, successful claimants are
paid. To this end, under s 22(1), the respondent must pay the adjudicated
amount either within seven days after being served with the adjudication
determination (see s 22(1)(a)), or by the deadline stipulated by the
adjudicator (see s 22(1)(b)). The claimant can suspend work (see s 26(1)(d))
or take a lien on goods supplied (see s 25(2)(d)) if the respondent fails to
pay. If the respondent intends to apply for a review of the adjudication
determination, he must first pay the adjudicated amount to the claimant: see s
18(3). If the respondent wants to set aside the adjudication determination, he
must pay into court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated amount:
see s 27(5). This requirement is repeated in O 95 r 3(3) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). These provisions all point to one thing: where a
claimant succeeds in his adjudication application, he is entitled to receive
the adjudicated amount quickly and cannot be denied payment without very good
reason. [emphasis added in bold italics]

89 The Court of Appeal further explained that a stay of enforcement of an
adjudication determination should be permitted in the following two instances
(at [70]):

70 In our judgment, a stay of enforcement of an adjudication determination may
ordinarily be justified where there is clear and objective evidence of the
successful claimant’s actual present insolvency, or where the court is
satisfied on a balance of probabilities that if the stay were not granted, the
money paid to the claimant would not ultimately be recovered if the dispute
between the parties were finally resolved in the respondent’s favour by a
court or tribunal or some other dispute resolution body. Further, we agree
with HHJ Coulson QC in Derek Vago that a court may properly consider whether
the claimant’s financial distress was, to a significant degree, caused by the
respondent’s failure to pay the adjudicated amount and, also, whether the
claimant was already in a similar state of financial strength or weakness (as
the case may be) at the time the parties entered into their contract.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

The court further emphasised (at [71]) that it would not readily grant a stay
given that the purpose of the SOP Act was “precisely to avoid and guard
against pushing building and construction companies over the financial
precipice.”

90 In the present case, WYSE employed a double-barrelled approach to frustrate
AES’s attempts to be paid the Adjudicated Amount. First, it commenced court
action to set aside ORC 1337 through SUM 1227. At the same time, WYSE
commenced arbitration proceedings to claim for liquidated damages and, in
those proceedings, purported to set-off the Adjudicated Amount against the
liquidated damages claimed. When all these failed (since I found that such a
set-off could not justify WYSE’s non-payment of the Adjudicated Sum), WYSE
sought, through its alternative prayer in SUM 1227, to stay the execution of
ORC 1337.

91 In my view, WYSE’s actions were similar in substance to, although different
in form from, those of the respondent in Lim Poh Yeoh (alias Aster Lim) v TS
Ong Construction Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 11. The respondent in that case had taken
out a suit against the claimant for, among other things, liquidated damages
for delay and unliquidated damages for defective works. At the same time, the
respondent refused to pay the adjudicated amount, and had taken out an
originating summons to set aside a statutory demand which the claimant had
served on it on the basis of an order of court granting the claimant leave to
enforce the adjudication determination as a judgment debt. Foo Chee Hock JC
held that this was an abuse of the court process (at [20]), stating that:

20 … parties should not be allowed to withhold payment of the adjudicated sum
whilst seeking to effectively overturn the adjudication determination at the
same time. The Plaintiff’s attempt to withhold payment while using Suit 92 to
overturn the Adjudication Determination must be construed as an abuse of the
process of the court.

Foo JC went on to elaborate his finding in stronger terms (at [21]):

21 Based on the Defendant’s research, this could be the first case where a
party in the Plaintiff’s position elected not to pay the judgment debt pending
the determination of their dispute in the underlying contract. It would be
fair to say that such unilateral action on the Plaintiff’s part drove a coach
and horses through the scheme established under SOPA and cynically defeated
its legislative intent. [emphasis added in bold italics]

The same could be said in the present case.

92 As for WYSE’s argument that this would leave AES unnecessarily secured (as
WYSE had allegedly given AES credit for the Adjudicated Amount in the
arbitration), this appeared to be something which the tribunal could easily
resolve by adding that amount back to WYSE’s claim; it was not a matter which
would affect the substance of that dispute.

93 For the above reasons, I also dismissed WYSE’s alternative prayer in SUM
1227 for a stay of the execution of ORC 1337.

The third issue: Should a stay of execution be ordered in respect of SUM 1227
pending the outcome of the appeal against my decision?

94 WYSE was resolutely determined not to satisfy AES’s claim for the
Adjudicated Amount, although it did not dispute it. After I ruled against
WYSE, its counsel immediately sought to stay the order of this court pending
the outcome of WYSE’s intended appeal. At that time, AES had already been
deprived of the Adjudicated Amount for about 13 months.

95 Conceptually, an application for a stay of execution of my order pending
appeal was quite distinct from the earlier application for a stay of execution
of ORC 1337 pending the arbitration. The basis of WYSE’s application was s
27(5) of the SOP Act, which reads:

(5) Where any party to an adjudication commences proceedings to set aside the
adjudication determination or the judgment obtained pursuant to this section,
he shall pay into the court as security the unpaid portion of the adjudicated
amount that he is required to pay, in such manner as the court directs or as
provided in the Rules of Court (Cap. 322, R 5), pending the final
determination of those proceedings. [emphasis added in italics]

WYSE argued that “pending the final determination of those proceedings” meant
that the money should be released after the outcome of the appeal.

96 As AES submitted before me, this same argument was recently canvassed, and
rejected, by Kannan Ramesh JC (as he then was) in Hyundai Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd v International Elements Pte Ltd [2016] 4 SLR 626. In the
course of a comprehensive analysis of the issue, Ramesh JC observed (at [40])
that “the term ‘final determination of those proceedings’ had to be construed
in the context of the Act”. With that in mind, Ramesh JC considered the
relevant authorities and reached the following conclusion:

42 In my judgment, the overarching purpose of ensuring the flow of liquidity
in the construction industry through the provision of an expeditious means of
resolving payment disputes means that the courts should be wary of construing
any provision in a manner that would defer payment to successful claimants.
This was the approach taken in Choi Peng Kum v Tan Poh Eng Construction Pte
Ltd [2014] 1 SLR 1210 which interpreted s 27(5) in the same manner. It could
not have been intended by Parliament that such considerations could be
circumvented easily by the filing of an appeal, and I did not think it
appropriate to imply what would in effect be a statutorily prescribed stay of
execution pending appeal in the absence of any such intent. [emphasis added in
bold italics]

Ramesh JC ordered that the money paid into court be released to the successful
defendant (the sub-contractor/claimant) notwithstanding that the matter was
still pending appeal.

97 I concurred with this view. Moreover, although I did retain the usual
discretion to stay the execution of my order (including the release of the
money) pending the outcome of the appeal, I could see no good reason why AES
should be deprived of the money for a moment longer. On this point, WYSE’s
counsel pointed out that if the money was released, WYSE’s intended appeal
would be rendered nugatory. That was not strictly correct as WYSE could pursue
its case at the appellate court. If WYSE were to succeed in the appeal, AES
would have to return the money. Thus, the appeal would only be nugatory if AES
were to prove unable to comply with the order for such return, and there was
no evidence before me to show that that would likely be the case. The
prejudice to AES would be greater for allowing WYSE’s application than the
prejudice to WYSE from disallowing the application. I therefore ordered that
the money paid into court be released to AES forthwith.

Conclusion

98 For all the above reasons, I dismissed both WYSE’s primary and alternative
prayers in SUM 1227, as well as WYSE’s oral application for a stay of my order
pending WYSE’s contemplated appeal to the Court of Appeal.

99 Having heard counsel for both parties on costs, I ordered costs fixed at
$10,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be paid by WYSE to AES.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Ian Marc Rosairo de Vaz, Tay Bing Wei and Chek Xinwei Liana (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Philip Antony Jeyaretnam SC, Melissa Thng Huilin and Amogh Nallan Chakravarti
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

