Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 243

Suit No 1080 of 2015

Between

| SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Strait Colonies Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation] — [Rescission]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Strait Colonies Pte Ltd

  

  

[2017] SGHC 243

High Court — Suit No 1080 of 2015  
Chua Lee Ming J  
16–17, 21–23, 28 March; 25 April 2017

3 October 2017

Chua Lee Ming J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, SMRT Alpha Pte Ltd, sued the defendant, Strait Colonies Pte
Ltd, for losses suffered as a result of the defendant’s failure to pay rent in
breach of a lease agreement. As a consequence of the defendant’s breach, the
plaintiff terminated the agreement. The defendant alleged that it was induced
to enter into the lease agreement by fraudulent, negligent and/or innocent
misrepresentations made by the plaintiff. In its counterclaim, the defendant
sought an order that the lease agreement be set aside and/or damages.

2 The defendant’s claims for misrepresentation arose from four alleged
representations which it referred to as Representations on Live Entertainment,
Representations on Operating Hours, Representations on Catering and
Representations on Take-out (see [24] below). The defendant succeeded in
proving only the misrepresentation arising from the Representations on Live
Entertainment. However, I found that the defendant was not entitled to rescind
the lease agreement because it had affirmed the agreement. Consequently, the
defendant remained liable to pay rent and breached the lease agreement by
failing to do so. I therefore gave judgment for the plaintiff. I also found
that the defendant failed to prove its loss caused by the misrepresentation
and accordingly, I awarded the defendant nominal damages only.

3 The defendant has appealed against the whole of my decision except for my
finding that it had proved the misrepresentation arising from the
Representations on Live Entertainment.

Background

4 The plaintiff was at all material times the retail operator of Kallang Wave
Mall at 1 Stadium Place, Singapore (“the Mall”). The Mall is part of the
Singapore Sports Hub which also includes the National Stadium, the Singapore
Indoor Stadium, the Aquatic Centre and the Water Sports Centre (collectively
“the Sports Facilities”).

5 The plaintiff invited the defendant to submit a concept proposal and
business budget plan for the lease of certain units at the Mall. The planned
trade mix for these units was food and beverage (“F&B”). The defendant was
then operating a pub, club and/or bar called “China One” at Clarke Quay, 3E
River Valley Road, Singapore. On 17 September 2013, the defendant submitted a
concept proposal and business budget plan. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Tan Li Sin’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”), exh TLS-4.

6 Following negotiations, the plaintiff gave the defendant a letter of offer
dated 17 December 2013 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

1 AB 505–524.

(“the LOO”) for the lease of units provisionally known as #01-24 to #01-28 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

These unit numbers were subsequently officially approved as units #01-24 to
#01-28 and #01-K13 and #01-K17: 1 AB 860.

(“the Premises”) for a period of five years. The LOO stated that the plaintiff
permitted the defendant to use the Premises as a “Pub cum F&B – a spacious
themed pool hall, bar and club … Live music and dance mix while party, play
pool and chill-out”. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

1 AB 514.

On 13 March 2014, the Temporary Occupation Permit for the Sports Hub was
issued. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

1 AB 850.

The defendant accepted the LOO on 19 March 2014.

7 Subsequently, both parties entered into an agreement dated 8 April 2014 for
the lease of the Premises for a term of five years from 9 November 2014 (“the
Lease Agreement”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

1 AB 685–799.

The Lease Agreement again stated that the plaintiff permitted the defendant to
use the Premises as a “pub cum F&B … providing live music and dance mix for
partying playing pool and chilling out.” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

1 AB 739.

It was unclear when the Lease Agreement was actually signed although it seemed
that the Lease Agreement was not signed by the defendant until after 25 August
2014.

8 On 15 May 2014, the plaintiff applied for planning permission to, among
other things, change the use of the Premises from “restaurant” to “restaurant
cum pub”. On 20 June 2014, the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) advised
the plaintiff that it could not support the proposal but was prepared to
consider a change to “restaurant with ancillary bar” where the primary use was
as a restaurant with the ancillary bar supporting the restaurant’s operations.
This meant that the Premises could not be operated solely as a bar. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Tan Li Sin’s AEIC, exh TLS-19, at pp 335–336.

The URA expressed “concerns that the proposed restaurant cum pub use would
cause disamenity to the surroundings”. The URA invited the plaintiff to
resubmit a revised proposal.

9 The plaintiff resubmitted its application for change of use. On 24 June
2014, the URA granted planning permission to change the use of the Premises
from “restaurant” to “restaurant with ancillary bar” for a period of three
years ending 24 June 2017. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

2 AB 1682–1683.

10 On 2 July 2014, the plaintiff informed the defendant of the URA’s decision.
The defendant asked for a reduction in the rent on the basis that the planning
permission would not allow it to operate the business model that it had
planned, ie, a restaurant with a pub/bar with live entertainment, music and
dancing. Discussions and exchanges of correspondence between the parties
followed. No agreement was reached on a reduction in rent. One of the issues
in dispute in this case was whether a settlement was reached between the
parties on 25 August 2014. At about the same time, the defendant had
discussions with the URA with a view to revising the planning permission that
had been given.

11 On 1 September 2014, the plaintiff gave the defendant notice to take
possession of the Premises on 8 September 2014 pursuant to the terms of the
LOO and Lease Agreement. The defendant took possession of the Premises on 8
September 2014 and carried out fitting works until 8 November 2014.

12 On 3 November 2014, the defendant informed the plaintiff that the URA was
willing to approve the Premises for use as a “restaurant with ancillary bar
and ancillary live entertainment”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

3 AB 2286.

However, the URA required the plaintiff to give its consent to the change of
use and its confirmation that it would undertake to manage any complaints
arising from the defendant’s operations at the Premises.

13 On 7 November 2014, the defendant obtained a liquor licence from the Police
Licensing & Regulatory Department (“PLRD”). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

3 AB 2293.

The liquor licence permitted the defendant to sell liquor at the Premises
until 10 pm. On either 8 or 9 November 2014, the defendant officially
commenced business at the Premises.

14 On 10 November 2014, the plaintiff gave the consent and undertaking that
was required by the URA (see [12] above). 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

3 AB 2292.

On 27 November 2014, the URA gave its formal planning permission for the
Premises to be used as a “restaurant with ancillary bar and ancillary live
entertainment” for a period of one year. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

3 AB 2429–2430.

The URA advised that the planning permission was subject to review and further
extensions may not be granted if the use became objectionable.

15 On 4 December 2014, the PLRD revised the operating hours for the liquor
licence and gave the defendant a liquor licence from 4 December 2014 to 3
December 2015 with daily operating hours ending at 11.59 pm. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

3 AB 2438.

The defendant also obtained a public entertainment licence for the same
period, permitting live entertainment including dancing until 11.59 pm. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

3 AB 2439.

However, live performances were to be conducted indoors and outdoor music was
permitted only until 10.30 pm. By 12 December 2014, the defendant’s
restaurant, bar and club on the Premises was fully operational. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

3 AB 2454.

16 On 15 January 2015, the defendant paid the balance of the rent for December
2014 (part of the rent for December 2014 was paid in advance in May 2014). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Tan Yang Poh’s AEIC at para 27; NE, 21 March 2017, at 141:24–142:11.

However, thereafter the defendant began to fall behind in the payment of rent.

17 On 12 February 2015, the plaintiff issued a supplemental letter to the LOO
and the Lease Agreement, informing the defendant of the actual floor area
after final survey. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

4 AB 2832–2841.

The actual floor area turned out to be slightly larger than the approximate
floor area (expressed to be subject to final survey) as stated in the LOO and
the Lease Agreement. The larger floor area meant that the rent payable was
also higher. The defendant objected to the increase in rent and continued to
ask for a reduction in the rent. The plaintiff did not accede to the
defendant’s requests.

18 On 28 April 2015, the plaintiff demanded payment of the outstanding rent
for the period from January to April 2015 amounting to $274,329.43. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

4 AB 2992.

On 30 April 2015, the defendant informed the plaintiff that it had decided to
terminate the lease for the part of the Premises that was used to operate the
bar. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

4 AB 2996.

On 6 May 2015, the defendant informed the plaintiff that it was waiting for
payment of its GST claim of $90,000 from the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore and that it would make payment once it received the money. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

4 AB 2997.

Concurrently, the defendant continued requesting a reduction in the rental.

19 By way of a cheque dated 15 May 2015, the defendant made partial payment of
$64,143.16 towards the outstanding rent. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

4 AB 3057.

In his evidence, the defendant’s director Tan Hock Kian (“Tony”) claimed that
this payment was made in order to keep the negotiations on the rent alive. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Tan Hock Kian’s AEIC, at para 128.

On 26 May 2015, the defendant confirmed that it was not terminating the lease
for the part of the Premises used to operate the bar. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

2 AB 1643.

The plaintiff continued to demand payment of the outstanding rent. By 10 July
2015, the arrears in rent amounted to $412,508.96. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

4 AB 3132.

20 On 15 July 2015, the plaintiff received a cheque dated 20 June 2015 for
$10,000 from the defendant as partial payment of the outstanding rent. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

4 AB 3157–3158.

Tony claimed that this partial payment was also made to keep negotiations
alive. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Tan Hock Kian’s AEIC, at para 132.

The plaintiff continued to demand payment.

21 On 14 September 2015, the plaintiff’s solicitors issued a notice of
forfeiture demanding payment of $551,166.88 and late payment interest by 17
September 2015 failing which it would exercise its right to terminate the
lease by re-entering the Premises. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

4 AB 3202–3203.

The defendant requested a meeting to negotiate the dispute. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

4 AB 3215.

Both parties met on 25 September 2015. The plaintiff requested the defendant
to demonstrate its sincerity by paying 50% of the amount outstanding. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

4 AB 3243.

The plaintiff also indicated its willingness to explore other options
including downsizing the leased premises and asked the defendant to propose a
settlement plan by 30 September 2015.

22 However, the defendant decided to cease its operations by vacating the
Premises on 30 September 2015. On 1 October 2015, the plaintiff re-entered and
repossessed the Premises. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Tan Li Sin’s AEIC, at para 135.

The plaintiff found a new tenant to take over the lease of the Premises on 7
December 2016 at a lower rent than that payable under the Lease Agreement. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Tan Yang Poh’s AEIC, at paras 56 and 59.

The plaintiff’s claim

23 The plaintiff’s claim was for the following:

(a) $562,441.31 being outstanding rental for the period from February 2015 to
September 2015 and late interest as at 1 October 2015;

(b) late payment interest at 12% per annum on $538,942.94 from 1 October 2015
up to the date of full payment;

(c) $2,155,294.02 being damages suffered as a result of the defendant’s
repudiatory breach of contract; and

(d) costs on an indemnity basis.

The defendant’s case

24 The defendant alleged that it had been induced to sign the Lease Agreement
by the plaintiff’s fraudulent and/or negligent and/or innocent
misrepresentations arising from the following representations:

(a) That the defendant would be able to operate a pub, bar and club providing
live entertainment services at the Premises (“Representations on Live
Entertainment”).

(b) That the defendant would be able to operate a pub, bar and club providing
live entertainment services at the Premises until the early hours of the
morning (“Representations on Operating Hours”).

(c) That the defendant would be able to cater for the significant number of
events and attendees at the Sports Hub including the Sports Facilities
(“Representations on Catering”).

(d) That the defendant would be able to provide take-out food and beverage
services for the significant number of events and attendees at the Sports Hub
including the Sports Facilities (“Representations on Take-out”).

25 The defendant sought to set aside the Lease and also claimed damages
against the plaintiff.

26 In its defence and counterclaim, the defendant had also claimed that the
plaintiff had misrepresented that the Sports Hub would attract a significant
number of crowds and host a significant number of events. However, the
defendant abandoned this claim at the commencement of the trial.

Representations on Live Entertainment

27 I found that there was no express representation by the plaintiff that
planning permission had been obtained for the use of the Premises as a pub,
bar and club providing live entertainment services. However, the LOO clearly
stated that the plaintiff permitted the defendant to use the Premises as a
“Pub cum F&B” including a “bar and club” with “[l]ive music and dance mix”
(see [6] above).

28 In Laurence and another v Lexcourt Holdings Ltd [1978] 1 WLR 1128
(“Lexcourt”), the plaintiffs described the premises as offices and offered to
let them to the defendants as offices for a term of 15 years when the planning
permission for use as offices was limited to two years. The defendants argued
(at 1134B–C) that by so offering the premises the plaintiffs represented that
the premises might lawfully be used as offices during the term of the lease.
The court agreed with the defendants and held (at 1137E–F) that the defendants
were entitled to succeed on the ground of misrepresentation.

29 In the present case, I agreed with the defendant that by offering to lease
the Premises to the defendant and permitting the Premises to be used as a pub
with live entertainment, the plaintiff had made an implied representation that
there was planning permission for such use during the duration of the lease.
Lexcourt supported the defendant’s case.

30 The plaintiff’s Manager (Leasing), Tan Li Sin (“Elyn”), testified that she
had informed Tony during their discussions in September 2013 that if he wanted
to use the Premises for purposes other than F&B (eg, to operate a pub), he
would have to make the necessary change of use application on his own. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Tan Li Sin’s AEIC, at para 16; NE, 16 March 2017, at 22:5–20 and 23:9–22.

I rejected Elyn’s evidence in this regard. First, the evidence showed that
Tony’s conduct was consistent with the fact that he believed that the Premises
were approved for use as a pub with live entertainment. The negotiations on
rental had also proceeded on the basis that the Premises would operate as a
pub with live entertainment.

31 Second, in May 2014, the plaintiff applied for the change of use of the
Premises from “restaurant” to “restaurant cum pub” on behalf of the defendant
without even informing the defendant that it was doing so. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE, 21 March 2017, at 2:10–3:5.

This was very strange if indeed Elyn had informed Tony that he would have to
apply for a change of use if he wanted to operate a pub.

32 Third, Elyn’s evidence was inconsistent with the fact that in August 2014,
when her colleague suggested that the change of use be carried out by the
tenants, her response was that it was usually the landlord who would apply for
the change of use. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

3 AB 2171.

33 The plaintiff also relied on cl 2(b) of the LOO which provided that the
defendant was responsible “for obtaining … any necessary planning permission
for change of approved use from the relevant authorities”. In my view, cl 2(b)
of the LOO did not assist the plaintiff. The defendant was relying on the
plaintiff’s representation that the Premises were already approved for use as
a pub with live entertainment. The question of applying for a change of use
therefore did not arise.

Representations on Operating Hours

34 The defendant alleged that the plaintiff had represented that the defendant
could operate a pub, bar and club providing live entertainment at the Premises
until “the early hours of the morning”.

35 Pursuant to cl 2(b) of the LOO and cl 5.1.2 of the Lease Agreement, the
defendant was responsible for obtaining the necessary liquor and public
entertainment licences that would allow it to sell alcohol and provide live
entertainment at the Premises. The defendant did not dispute its obligation to
do so. There was also no question that the defendant knew that the operating
hours for selling alcohol and providing live entertainment depended on the
liquor and public entertainment licences that it had to apply for.

36 I found that there was no express representation that the defendant would
be able to operate a pub, bar and club providing live entertainment until the
early hours of the morning. The application for the liquor and public
entertainment licences had nothing to do with the plaintiff. It did not make
sense that the plaintiff would have made the express representation as
alleged. For the same reason, there was also no reason to imply the alleged
representation. The defendant may have expected to be able to obtain the
licences with the operating hours that it wanted but clearly, the plaintiff
could not be held responsible for the defendant’s inability to do so.

37 In any event, even if there was an express or implied representation as
alleged, it was clear that the defendant could not be said to have relied on
any such representation knowing as it did that the operating hours depended on
the licences that it had to apply for.

Representations on Catering and Representations on Take-out

38 The defendant’s case was that the plaintiff expressly represented that the
defendant would be able to cater and provide take-out food and beverage
services for the significant number of events and attendees at the Sports Hub
including the Sports Facilities. As it turned out, the defendant could not
cater for events at the Sports Hub because the Sports Hub had appointed an
exclusive caterer for events at the Sports Hub. In addition, the conditions of
entry into the Sports Facilities provided that “outside food and beverage”
could not be brought into these venues.

39 In my judgment, the evidence fell short of proving the alleged express
representations. What seemed clear was that there was mention that there would
be a lot of events held at the Sports Hub. What was not so clear was whether
Elyn actually said that the defendant would be able to cater the food for
these events or that persons could bring food and drinks purchased from the
defendant’s take-out counter into the Sports Facilities. Obviously, there was
nothing to stop the defendant from providing catering services generally.
There was also nothing to stop anyone from buying food and drinks from the
defendant’s take-out counter so long as they did not also bring them into the
Sports Facilities.

40 Tony’s testimony in court was equivocal. He said that Elyn told him there
would be “lots of events around here ... a lot of people coming here for after
party and all that. You can have events and caterings for them” [emphasis
added]. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE, 21 March 2017, at 103:24–104:3.

This was not the same as a representation that the defendant could cater for
other events held at the Sports Hub. Further, the defendant did not even
operate a catering business. A sole proprietorship owned by Tony operated the
catering business and it catered for its own events at the Sports Hub 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

NE, 21 March 2017, at 109:25–110:6.

as well as for events held outside the Sports Hub. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE, 21 March 2017, at 104:7–13, 106:2–14 and 111:14–20.

41 As for the take-out business, during cross-examination, Tony was asked
whether the plaintiff had represented that the defendant would be able to
provide take-out services for events and attendees at the Sports Hub. His
answer was that the plaintiff did not inform him of the prohibition against
“outside food and beverages” in the Sports Facilities. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE, 21 March 2017, at 112:22–113:4.

Tony subsequently asserted during re-examination that Elyn had said “guests
may take things into the stadium and into the nearby places”. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE, 22 March 2017, at 61:11–62:6.

In my view, Tony’s answer during cross-examination was to be preferred. If
Elyn had in fact made such a clear representation as Tony asserted during re-
examination, there was no reason why Tony would not have said so during cross-
examination. Neither did Tony explain why he gave the answer that he did
during cross-examination.

42 In my view it was more probable that the defendant had simply assumed that
it could cater for events (other than its own) at the Sports Hub and that its
food and beverages could be brought into the Sports Facilities. This was
corroborated by the evidence of one of the defendant’s witnesses, Wong Kang
Kin, a Food and Beverage Consultant who had invested in the defendant. He
testified that when Tony and he were told of the high number of events, they
“thought” that they would get some of the business and also have some takeaway
business. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

NE, 23 March 2017, at 37:12–20.

Clearly, the defendant’s own assumptions were not actionable.

Whether the defendant was entitled to rescind the Lease Agreement

43 It could not be disputed that the Representations on Live Entertainment
were false and that the plaintiff knew they were false, both when the
defendant accepted the LOO and when the defendant entered into the Lease
Agreement. However, the plaintiff submitted that the defendant was not
entitled to rescind the Lease Agreement because (a) the Representations on
Live Entertainment subsequently ceased to be false, (b) the defendant had
settled the dispute with the plaintiff, and/or (c) the defendant had affirmed
the Lease Agreement.

Whether the Representations on Live Entertainment subsequently ceased to be
false

44 The plaintiff submitted that the defendant lost its right to rescind the
Lease Agreement because subsequent appeals to the URA led to the defendant
obtaining approvals for its intended use of the Premises. I disagreed with the
plaintiff.

45 The URA permitted live entertainment at the Premises only if it was
ancillary to the use of the Premises as a restaurant and even then, the
permission was only for one year with further extensions being subject to
review (see [14] above). This was clearly different from the implied
representation that there was planning permission to operate a pub with live
entertainment for the duration of the five-year lease (see [29] above).

Whether there was a settlement agreement

46 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff submitted that there was a
settlement agreement between the parties dated 25 August 2014. The defendant
argued that this had not been pleaded.

47 It was not disputed that that alleged settlement agreement was not pleaded
in the statement of claim or the reply and defence to counterclaim. The
plaintiff pointed out that in its rejoinder, the defendant had pleaded that it
had entered into negotiations with the plaintiff but no agreement was reached.
The plaintiff argued that since there was an implied joinder of issues to the
defendant’s rejoinder, this meant that the plaintiff’s position was that the
negotiations ended in an agreement.

48 I rejected the plaintiff’s creative but unsustainable submission. In my
view, the fact that a settlement agreement had been reached had to be pleaded
as a positive assertion. The plaintiff had not done so and therefore could not
raise the alleged settlement agreement as part of its case.

Whether the defendant had affirmed the Lease Agreement

49 Having discovered the misrepresentation arising from the Representations on
Live Entertainment at the latest by July 2014, the defendant nevertheless
responded to the plaintiff’s notice to take possession by taking possession of
the Premises in September 2014, carrying out fitting works till November 2014,
commencing business in November 2014, paying rent for December 2014 and making
the subsequent payments of $64,143.16 and $10,000 towards the outstanding
rent. The plaintiff submitted that the defendant had, by its conduct, affirmed
the Lease Agreement.

50 A representee’s election whether to rescind or to affirm the contract may
be by express words or by an unequivocal act: The Law of Contract in Singapore
(Andrew Phang Boon Leong, ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at para 11.120. In
the present case, it was clear that the defendant’s acts were unequivocal in
affirming the Lease Agreement. The acts were done despite the fact that the
defendant’s requests for a reduction in rent had not been acceded to. There
was also no evidence that these acts were being done under protest. The only
inference that could be drawn from the defendant’s conduct was that the
defendant intended to carry on with the Lease Agreement. Even if the payments
of $64,143.16 and $10,000 were excluded because, as Tony alleged, they were
made in order to keep the negotiations on rent alive, the evidence was still
clear that the defendant carried on with the Lease Agreement.

51 However, the defendant submitted that it could not be taken to have
affirmed the Lease Agreement unless it had knowledge of the existence, nature
and extent of his right to rescind. The question was whether knowledge of the
facts giving rise to the right to rescind was sufficient or whether the
defendant also had to have knowledge that it had a right in law to choose
between affirmation and rescission.

52 In Peyman v Lanjani [1985] Ch 475 (“Peyman”) the English Court of Appeal
held (at 487F–G) that the plaintiff “must also know that the law gives him
that right [to rescind] yet choose with that knowledge not to exercise it.”
Peyman was applied by the Singapore High Court in The Pacific Vigorous [2006]
3 SLR(R) 374 at [23] and in Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp [2005] 1
SLR(R) 339. The Court of Appeal in deciding the appeal in the latter case did
not opine affirmatively on the point as the facts of the case showed that the
representee possessed knowledge of both facts giving rise to the right to
rescind and the right itself: Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2005] 3
SLR(R) 283 at [164]. See The Law of Contract in Singapore at para 11.150.

53 Although it appears that Peyman represents the law in England on this
issue, it is not without controversy. It has been argued that Peyman was
wrongly decided: K R Handley, “Exploring Election” (2006) 122 LQR 82. In that
article, Justice Handley reviewed several Australian and English cases which
did not support Peyman. Justice Handley also questioned the view in Peyman
that an elector who affirms without being aware of his right is only bound if
there is an estoppel. His Honour reasoned (at 96) that that view was
“inconsistent with the principle that an election depends on what a party
does, not what he causes the other party to do, and that it takes effect when
communicated, without any need for an alteration of position.” Finally,
Justice Handley expressed the following view (at 97):

… Ignorance of the law is generally treated as a misfortune, not an advantage.
In Hourigan v Trustees Executors & Agency Co Ltd Dixon J quoted Knight Bruce
LJ saying in 1857 “generally when the facts are known … the right is presumed
to be known”.

Disputes about an election normally arise because the other party relies on an
earlier election to defeat a later attempt to elect the other way. Legal
professional privilege would make it difficult for that party to prove that
the elector was aware of his right at the earlier time. A rule that knowledge
of the right had to be proved would encourage perjury and reward those who do
not seek advice …

54 The authors of The Law of Contract (Michael Furmston, ed) (LexisNexis, 4th
Ed, 2010) expressed the view (at p 930) that Peyman “might be seen in the
context of its special facts, notably, the helplessness of P, however,
commercial law rarely makes allowance for ignorance of language or of local
law”. They also opined that perhaps the better view is that knowledge of the
facts giving rise to the right is enough because “a rule by reference to
actual knowledge of rights makes it very difficult for the other party to
decide whether he can safely rely on what appears to be affirmation”.

55 The uncertainty as to whether the electing party must know of its legal
rights was also examined in Dominic O’Sullivan, Steven Elliott & Rafal
Zakrzewski, The Law of Rescission (Oxford University Press, 2008) at paras
23.34–23.49. After reviewing English and Australian cases, the authors
concluded (at para 23.48) that affirmation should not require knowledge of the
right to rescind, giving reasons similar to those stated in Exploring Election
and in The Law of Contract.

56 In my judgment, the better view is that knowledge of the facts giving rise
to the right to rescind is sufficient, for all of the reasons stated in
Exploring Election, The Law of Contract and The Law of Rescission. I see no
reason why a representee should benefit from his own ignorance of the law
especially when that ignorance arose from his own decision not to seek advice
despite having learnt of the representor’s wrongdoing in making a false
representation.

57 In any event, even if knowledge of the right to rescind was required, I was
satisfied that the defendant was aware that it had such a right. In his
WhatsApp conversation with Elyn on 1 August 2014, Tony said that he hoped the
case could be closed at the meeting to be held later that day “or [the
defendant] may have to close this chapter”. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

3 AB 1806 (1/8/14, 3:43:49 PM).

Tony testified that he merely meant that he would need to seek legal help. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE, 22 March 2017, at 10:5–11:1.

On 2 August 2014, Tony was told that the plaintiff would try to secure more
season parking for the defendant and Tony replied that that was the least that
had to be done “before we have to walk away”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

3 AB 1807 (2/8/14, 12:08:20 AM and 10:55:56 AM).

Tony testified that he merely meant that he could not go forward. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

NE, 22 March 2017, at 13:18–14:17.

I was not persuaded by Tony’s explanations; they were simply too tenuous and
unbelievable. In my view, Tony’s WhatsApp messages meant that the defendant
may have to walk away from the lease.

58 However, “walking away” from the lease would be tantamount to rescinding
the lease only if the defendant could do so without being in breach. Tony’s
testimony during cross-examination was not very clear about who was liable for
damages if the defendant “walked away” from the lease. However, his testimony
during re-examination clarified that he understood that the plaintiff would
have to pay damages to the defendant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

NE, 22 March 2017, at 52:20–53:12.

In other words, the defendant would not be in breach if it “walked away”. In
my view, Tony’s WhatsApp messages and testimony showed that he was aware that
the defendant had the right to rescind the Lease Agreement.

59 I concluded that the defendant was not entitled to rescind the Lease
Agreement because it had affirmed the agreement.

The plaintiff’s remedies for the defendant’s breaches

60 As the defendant had affirmed the Lease Agreement, it remained liable to
pay rent. It failed to do so and thus breached the Lease Agreement. Clause
11.1 of the Lease Agreement gave the plaintiff the right to terminate the
lease by serving three days’ written notice or by re-entering the Premises if
rent or any other amounts payable by the defendant remained unpaid for seven
days after becoming due. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

1 AB 721.

As stated earlier, the plaintiff terminated the lease by re-entering the
Premises on 1 October 2015 (see [22] above).

61 Consequent upon the defendant’s breach of the Lease Agreement, the
plaintiff was also entitled to recover the outstanding rental, late payment
interest at 12% per annum (pursuant to cl 13.2 of the Lease Agreement),
damages and costs on an indemnity basis (pursuant to cl 18.4.2 of the Lease
Agreement).

62 The outstanding rental for the period from February 2015 to September 2015
plus late payment interest as at 1 October 2015 amounted to $562,441.31. Late
payment interest continued to accrue at 12% per annum on the principal sum of
$538,942.94 from 1 October 2015 until full payment.

63 The plaintiff claimed the sum of $2,155,294.02 as damages. This amount
comprised the following:

(a)| Costs of re-entry (hoarding the Premises)| $2,846.20  
---|---|---  
(b)| Costs of reinstating the Premises| $115,842.90  
(c)| Clawback of rent (pursuant to cl 2.7 of the Lease Agreement) for the
fitting out period which was granted to the defendant rent-free| $154,050.77  
(d)| Loss of rent from 1 October 2015 until 6 December 2016| $941,928.29  
(e)| Shortfall in rent from 7 December 2016 to 8 November 2019| $1,181,162.72  
(f)| LESS: Security deposit| ($240,536.86)  
| TOTAL| $2,155,294.02  
  
64 The defendant did not challenge the plaintiff’s evidence on the amount of
loss suffered. In its closing submissions, the defendant did not challenge the
plaintiff’s computation of damages. I therefore awarded the plaintiff damages
in the sum of $2,155,294.02 plus interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of
the writ to the date of judgment.

The defendant’s claim for damages

65 Although the defendant was not entitled to rescind the Lease Agreement, it
remained entitled to damages for loss suffered in respect of its
misrepresentation claim based on the Representations on Live Entertainment.

66 However, on 27 November 2014, the defendant received formal written
permission to operate a restaurant with ancillary bar and ancillary live
entertainment. On 4 December 2014, the defendant was given a liquor licence
and a public entertainment licence (which permitted live entertainment
including dancing) for a year with daily operating hours ending at 11.59 pm.
The defendant was therefore able to operate a pub with live entertainment. By
12 December 2014, the defendant’s restaurant, bar and club on the Premises was
fully operational.

67 It is true that the defendant was only given permission to operate a bar
with live entertainment ancillary to its operation of the restaurant. However,
there was no evidence of the loss suffered by the defendant as a result of
this constraint imposed by the URA. Further, although the URA’s permission was
granted for a period of one year, it could be renewed. In my view, the
possibility that a renewal might not be granted by the URA was too
speculative. There was no evidence that suggested that it would not be
renewed.

68 It is also true that the defendant could not operate its pub and live
entertainment business past midnight. However, that had nothing to do with the
Representations on Live Entertainment. As stated earlier, the defendant failed
in its misrepresentation claim arising from the Representations on Operating
Hours.

69 In my judgment, the defendant failed to prove that it suffered any loss as
a result of its reliance on the Representations on Live Entertainment (which
turned out to be false). In the circumstances, I awarded the defendant nominal
damages in the sum of $5,000 in respect of its misrepresentation claim based
on the Representations on Live Entertainment.

70 It seemed to me that the real reason for the defendant’s unhappiness was
the plaintiff’s refusal to reduce the rent despite that fact that the
defendant was unable to operate the bar and provide live entertainment past
midnight or, as the defendant put it, until the early hours of the morning.
However, the plaintiff was under no legal obligation to reduce the rent. It
was the defendant itself that was unable to obtain the necessary liquor
licence and public entertainment licence with longer operating hours. The
defendant had made its plans on the assumption that it would be able to obtain
the licenses to operate past midnight. This assumption turned out to be wrong
and the defendant had to bear the consequences. The defendant had not
protected itself against this eventuality in the Lease Agreement and it was
not for the court to rewrite the Lease Agreement.

Conclusion

71 Although the defendant succeeded in its misrepresentation claim arising
from the Representations on Live Entertainment, it was not entitled to rescind
the Lease Agreement because it had affirmed the agreement. In the
circumstances, the defendant’s failure to pay rent was a breach of the Lease
Agreement. The plaintiff was therefore entitled to judgment for outstanding
rent, interest and damages. As the defendant failed to prove its loss arising
from its misrepresentation claim, it was only entitled to nominal damages.

72 I entered judgment for the plaintiff for (a) $562,441.31 being outstanding
rent and interest as of 1 October 2015 together with interest at 12% per annum
(as provided for under the Lease Agreement) on the principal sum of
$538,942.94 from 1 October 2015 until payment, and (b) $2,155,294.02 being
damages together with interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ
until judgment. As for the defendant’s counterclaim, I awarded it nominal
damages in the sum of $5,000. Finally, I awarded the plaintiff costs on an
indemnity basis (as provided for under the Lease Agreement) fixed at $250,000
plus GST, and disbursements to be fixed by me if not agreed.

Chua Lee Ming  
Judge

Ling Tien Wah, Wah Hsien-Wen Terence, Chew Di Shun Dickson (Zhou Dishun)
(Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Suhami Bin Lazim, Chow Jian Hong (Mirandah Law LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

