Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 302

Criminal Case No 62 of 2015

Between

| Public Prosecutor  
---|---  
  
And

| Muhammad Nur Sallehin bin Kamaruzaman  
---|---  
  
supplemental grounds of decision

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] – [Illegally
importing controlled drugs]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  

v

  

Muhammad Nur Sallehin bin Kamaruzaman

  

[2017] SGHC 302

High Court — Criminal Case No 62 of 2015  
Kan Ting Chiu SJ  
23–26 November 2015, 1 December 2015, 16, 22–24, 27–28 June 2016, 5, 18, 26
July 2016, 3 August 2016; 14 February 2017

21 November 2017

Kan Ting Chiu SJ:

1 These grounds of decision are supplemental to the first grounds of decision
that I issued on 11 May 2017 (see Public Prosecutor v Muhammad Nur Sallehin
bin Kamaruzaman [2017] SGHC 107). At that time the Accused, Muhammad Nur
Sallehin bin Kamaruzaman, had only appealed against the sentence of life
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane imposed on him. He subsequently
amended his appeal to appeal extended to his conviction as well, and these
supplemental grounds will deal with the conviction.

2 The Accused was convicted on a charge that he:

on 7 February 2012 at about 5.29pm, at the Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore,
together with one Nur Dianey Mohamed Salim (NRIC No. S XXXXXXXX) and in
furtherance of the common intention of [them] both, did import a Class ‘A’
controlled drug listed in the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Misuse of Drugs Act”), to wit, three packets
containing 493.5 grams of crystalline substance which were analysed and found
to contain not less than 378.92 grams of methamphetamine, without any
authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and [he
had] thereby committed an offence under section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act
read with section 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal
Code”) and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, and
further, upon [his] conviction under section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act read
with section 34 of the Penal Code, [he might] alternatively be liable to be
punished under section 33B of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

[emphasis in original]

3 He was also charged with three other charges, including a charge for
importing 100 pink tablets containing ecstasy recovered from one of the
bundles, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PH21.

but this charge was stood down.

The arrest

4 On 7 February 2012 at about 5.30pm, the Accused was stopped at the Woodlands
Checkpoint (“the Checkpoint”). The Accused was with his mother, Normalah binti
Mohamed Said (“Normalah”), and Nur Dianey Mohamed Salim (“Dianey”). They were
entering Singapore in Normalah’s car SJK 2013Z, 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

PH10–PH14.

which Normalah was driving.

5 The car was searched by officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) at
the Checkpoint. The officers found a Daia brand washing powder box 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PH16, A1A.

in the boot of the car. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PH12.

When the base of the box was opened, three bundles 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PH18, A1A2, A1A3 and A1A4.

wrapped in cling wrap were found. When the cling wrap was removed from the
bundles, each bundle was found to contain a packet of white crystalline
substance; and the third bundle was also found to contain two smaller packets
of pink tablets. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

PH18–PH21.

(To be clear, I use the word “bundle” to describe the items when wrapped in
cling wrap, and the word “packet” to describe the items after the cling wrap
was removed).

6 The white crystalline substance and the pink tablets were sent to the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for analysis. The outcome of the analysis was that
the three bundles of white crystalline substance were methamphetamine, which
became the subject-matter of the charge for importing methamphetamine.

7 Methamphetamine is also known as ice, and the drug in the pink tablets,
which has a complex pharmacological name, is commonly known as ecstasy. There
was no issue over the identification and quantification of the drugs in the
packets.

Actions taken after the arrest

8 As stated earlier, the Accused was charged with four charges. The
prosecution proceeded on charge set out in [2] above.

9 Dianey was also charged with importing methamphetamine with the Accused. In
her case, the charge stated the weight of the methamphetamine as not less than
249.99 grams (below the 250 gram threshold that would attract capital
punishment), although the statement of facts stated the actual weight of the
methamphetamine as not less than 378.92 grams. She pleaded guilty to the
charge and was sentenced to twenty years imprisonment. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Criminal Case No 6 of 2015.

10 In the course of this trial, much time was spent over whether Dianey was
married to the Accused and the effect that would have on the case against the
Accused. This was ultimately a red herring, as I shall explain at the end of
these grounds of decision.

11 No action was taken against Normalah.

The Accused’s statements

12 Subsequent to the discovery of the bundles in the Daia box, the Accused was
placed under arrest, and a series of statements were recorded from him. All
these statements were admitted in evidence during the trial. No issue was
raised regarding voluntariness, although the Accused raised issues regarding
the veracity of the contents of some of the statements.

The contemporaneous statement

13 The first statement was a contemporaneous statement 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

P30.

recorded by Sgt Ibrahim bin Juasa (“Sgt Ibrahim”) at 7.35pm on 7 February 2012
at the CNB office at the Checkpoint. The statement was typewritten, and was
signed by the Accused. It read as follows:

Statement of B1) Muhammad Nur Sallehin Bin Kamaruzaman, NRIC: SXXXXXXXX
recorded on the 07.02.2012 @ [1935] hrs at Woodlands CNB office, room B-303.
B1) chose to speak in English language. Statement recorded by Sgt Ibrahim
Juasa and witnessed by Cpl Vengedesh Raj.

Q1: What is this? (Pointing to 3 plastic packets containing a white
crystallize substance btb [believed to be] controlled drug)

A1: “Ice”.

Q2: What is this? (Pointing to several pink tablets in one of the plastic
packets containing the white crystallize substance btb controlled drug)

A2: I do not know.

Q3: Whom does the “Ice” and the pink tablets belong to?

A3: It all belongs to “Pai Kia”. He told me to deliver the “Ice” to a person
named, “Wan” in Ang Mo Kio Central.

Q4: Who is “Pai Kia”?

A4: He is my clubbing friend in JB. I have known him for only one year.

Q5: Where was the “Ice” and pink tablets found?

A5: Inside the washing powder.

Q6: How did the “Ice” and the pink tablets [sic] found inside the washing
powder?

A6: I bought the washing powder in JB, today. Then I passed it to “Pai Kia” at
Tun Aminah shop houses. He told me to come back in half an hour’s time. When I
came back later, “Pai Kia” gave the washing powder back to me. He said that
inside got Ice not more than 100 gram. He also asked me to pass the Ice to
“Wan” in Ang Mo Kio Central. He will call me later for the next instruction. I
said ok and then we parted. I then placed the washing powder containing the
Ice inside the boot of my mother’s car.

Q7: What will you get after delivering it to “Wan”

A7: “Wan” will give me $800/-

Q8: Does your mother and your girlfriend know about you bringing in the “Ice”?
(Recorder’s note: The mother is one, Normalah Binti Mohamed Said, NRIC:
SXXXXXXXX and the girlfriend is one, Nur Dianey Mohamed Salim, NRIC:
SXXXXXXXX. Both subjects are also arrested together with B1 in the car that
they were travelling in. The mother was the driver of the car, SJK2013Z.)

A8: No.

Q9: How do you contact “Pai Kia” and “Wan”?

A9: “Pai Kia” can be contacted at +60 XXXXXX371 stored as “Ah Kwang” in my
handphone contacts. I do not know how to contact “Wan”.

[emphasis added]

The statement indicated that it was recorded from “1735 hrs” on 7 February
2012. However, Sgt Ibrahim corrected the commencement time from “1735 hrs” to
“1935 hrs” when he gave evidence.

14 On 8 February 2012, before the HSA analysis was completed, the Accused was
charged with that he:

on the 7th day of February 2012 at or about 5.29 p.m., at the Woodlands
Checkpoint, Singapore, did import a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’ of
the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drug Act, Chapter 185, to wit, three (3)
packets of white crystalline substance weighing approximately 553.04 grams
believed to contain Methamphetamine, at the said place, without authorisation
under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder and [he had] thereby
committed an offence under Section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185
and punishable under Section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

[emphasis added]

A cautioned statement 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

P35.

in answer to the charge was recorded from the Accused under s 23 of the
Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010). In this statement, the Accused
said:

I was promised by him that he would not give me more than 100 grams of Ice. He
was the one who packed. So, if I want to check, I have to re-open the box
again. I do not know how to re-seal it back properly. I do not have a weighing
machine with me that can measure this big amount of Ice.

[emphasis added]

(The Accused clarified in his evidence in court that the unnamed person he
referred to in the statement was Pai Kia).

The investigation statements

15 In the course of investigations, the investigation officer Insp Chua Zhi
Wei (“Insp Chua”) recorded five statements 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

P39–P43.

from the Accused between 10 February 2012 and 19 April 2012 covering the
events of the day of his arrest and his dealings with Pai Kia (“the Pai Kia
statements”).

16 In these statements, the Accused narrated that:

(a) He had known a person by the name of Pai Kia for about a year. Pai Kia
offered him $800 to bring tawas (a substance consumed to “wash urine”) into
Singapore, to test if tawas could be detected by the scanner at Singapore
checkpoints.

(b) On 6 February 2012, when he was in Johor, he met Pai Kia and agreed to
help him bring tawas to Singapore.

(c) On 7 February 2012, he went with Dianey to Carrefour [a supermarket] in
Johor and they bought a box of washing powder.

(d) After buying the box of washing powder, he drove his aunt’s car to meet
Pai Kia. He left the box with Pai Kia for about half an hour and collected it
back from him thereafter. He asked Pai Kia what was in the box. Pai Kia told
him: “Not to worry. As I promise you before, I just want to try this”. He did
not open the box to check its contents.

(e) After collecting the box from Pai Kia, he returned to his grandmother’s
house and transferred the box to the boot of his mother’s car.

(f) He left with his mother and Dianey in his mother’s car for Singapore at
about 5.00pm.

(g) At the Checkpoint, the CNB officers searched the car and found the box of
washing powder and recovered the three bundles inside the box. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

P39 para 17.

(h) If he had known that he would be bringing ice into Singapore, he would
have rejected Pai Kia’s offer of $800. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

P41 para 34.

(i) He had no idea what illegal items the box contained. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

P41 para 36.

(j) He had “mixed feelings” that the box contained tawas. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

P41 para 40.

17 The Accused’s narration of the events changed radically in his
investigation statement made subsequently on 15 January 2013. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

P44.

This took place when Insp Chua (who had been promoted to the rank of Assistant
Superintendent) visited him at Changi Prison, where he was remanded, and
informed him that DNA found on the cling wrap from the bundles matched his DNA
and Dianey’s DNA.

18 In this statement (“the Bob statement”) the Accused abandoned his original
account, in which he referred to Pai Kia and tawas, and referred to a
different person called Bob, and different substances, ie, ice and ecstasy. He
stated that:

(a) On 6 February 2012, he and Dianey were at the home of his friend Bob. Bob
asked him to bring some ice into Singapore, and he agreed to do that. Bob
offered him some money for his help, and told him that the weight of the ice
was 250 grams.

(b) On 7 February 2012, at about 6.00am, he and Dianey collected ice and
ecstasy from Bob.

(c) He and Dianey brought the ice and ecstasy to their room [in his
grandmother’s home in Johor Bahru] and kept them there.

(d) At about 11.00am, he and Dianey drove to Carrefour, bought a box of
washing powder, and brought it back to their room.

(e) Dianey cut the box and asked him to look for something to wrap the ice and
ecstasy with. He found and handed to her some wrapping material described as
“string wrap”. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PH19–PH21.

(The Accused was probably referring to the cling wrap in which the bundles
were wrapped.)

(f) After handing the wrapping material to Dianey, he had a shower. After the
shower, he noticed that the drugs were already packed into the box. He used
glue to seal the box and brought it to the boot of his mother’s car.

(g) He had lied in his previous statements because he was afraid, but now he
was willing to tell the truth.

Close of the prosecution case

19 The Accused had made two sets of admissions in the Pai Kia statement and
the Bob statements. Taking all the statements together with the changes in
them, he had admitted that:

(a) he had been in possession of the Daia washing powder box;

(b) he knew that methamphetamine and ecstasy were hidden in the box;

(c) he agreed to bring the methamphetamine and ecstasy to Singapore; and

(d) he was doing that with Dianey when they were arrested.

20 The admissions and the circumstances of his arrest also triggered the
presumptions in s 18(1) and (2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“the MDA”) that he was in possession of the methamphetamine and was aware
of its nature.

21 The admissions and the presumptions established a sufficient case for the
Accused to be called upon to enter his defence.

The Accused’s defence

22 The Accused’s defence was unexpectedly brief. When he stated his defence in
his evidence-in-chief, his counsel did not bring him through the statements he
made during the investigation.

23 The Accused’s defence was that on the morning of the day of his arrest, he
and Dianey went to Bob’s house in his aunt’s car. At Bob’s house, he, Dianey,
Bob and Bob’s wife consumed ice, and Bob handed to him a bundle of white
crystalline substance and pink tablets 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PH21.

which he handed to Dianey to keep in her bag.

24 He and Dianey left Bob’s house at about 8.00am. They went to his
grandmother’s house and put the items there. They then went to Carrefour to
buy the Daia box of washing powder and brought it back to their room in his
grandmother’s house.

25 When they were in the room, Dianey suggested that they find something to
wrap the ice and ecstasy. He found some cling wrap and brought it to the room,
where he saw Dianey cutting the base of the box. He left the cling wrap there
and went to the toilet for about an hour to consume ice and sniff glue.

26 When he came out of the toilet, Dianey told him she had packed the drugs
into the box. He then sealed the box, which was subsequently brought to and
kept in the boot of his mother’s car.

27 When they returned to Singapore in the car, the car was checked by officers
of the CNB who discovered the box in the boot. They asked who the box belonged
to. He saw one bundle, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PH18, A1A4.

and admitted that it was his. At that time he did not see the other two
bundles. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PH18, A1A2 and A1A3.

28 The prosecutor went through the defence with him in greater detail. The
Accused was asked if the three bundles were shown to him when he made his
contemporaneous statement. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

P30.

His answer was that he could not remember that because he was high on drugs.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 32 line 3.

(It was not put to Sgt Ibrahim who testified positively that he pointed the
three packets to the Accused, 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

NE 24 November 2015 p 59 lines 23-30.

that the three packets were not shown to him). A reading of the
contemporaneous statement (see [13] above) shows that the Accused was alert
and clear-thinking when he gave his answers.

29 The Accused also claimed that he could not remember saying that the ice and
pink tablets belonged to Pai Kia, 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 33 line 17.

and that he did not have a friend called Pai Kia with the telephone number
given in his contemporaneous statement. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 34 lines 16–26.

He went on to say that he might have lied when he made the statement because
he was afraid. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 38 lines 2–11.

He explained that a CNB officer who conducted the search on the car told him
that if he did not admit knowledge of the drugs, they would implicate
everybody; and he did not want his mother to get involved. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 41 lines 19–31.

(It was not put to Sgt Ibrahim or Corporal Vengedesh Raj Nainar, the CNB
officers involved in the search, or any other CNB officer that this threat was
made).

30 The prosecutor also cross-examined the Accused on his cautioned statement,
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

P35.

where he said that Pai Kia had promised him that there was no more than 100
grams of ice involved. The Accused clarified that Pai Kia had told him that
the weight was 125 grams and he did not know why he had mentioned 100 grams in
the statement. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 45 lines 8–12.

(This answer to the prosecutor was meaningless because he had at the time of
the cross-examination abandoned his account relating to Pai Kia and replaced
it with the Bob narrative.)

31 The Accused was then referred to his investigation statements. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

P39–P43.

He agreed that he was no longer high on drugs when he made them. He was
feeling better, but was experiencing withdrawal symptoms, and was delusional
and was hearing voices. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 52 lines 12–22.

(This was not supported by medical or expert evidence).

32 With regard to the Bob statement of 15 January 2013 (see [18] above), 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

P44.

where the Accused retracted the references to Pai Kia and tawas, his counsel
confirmed to the court that the entire Pai Kia story was a fabrication. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 64 lines 12–15.

The Accused confirmed that most of the Bob statement was the truth, although
he did not know the weight of the drugs when he made this statement, 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 53 lines 21–23.

and he admitted that he lied in the Pai Kia statements. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 54 lines 26–28.

33 The Accused still had issues with the Bob statement. He did not say that
Bob told him that there was 250 grams of ice (as recorded in paragraph 50). In
fact Bob had told him that there were 125 grams of ice, 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 59 lines 8–14.

but the investigation officer (Insp Chua) told him his DNA was “found at the
250 grams”. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 59 line 16.

(That was not put to Insp Chua, and the implication that a DNA test can
determine the weight of ice is simply preposterous; it was incredible for Insp
Chua to have said that and for the Accused to have believed it.)

34 Moreover, he had made clear that Bob told him about the 250 grams when he
stated in his last investigation statement of 21 June 2013: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

P32.

I wish to clarify that I did not ask my girlfriend Nur Dianey Mohamed Salim to
pack the drugs. Bob told me that the ice was below 250 grams, so I just took
it. I also do not have weighing machine to check the weight.

[emphasis added]

35 While he admitted that he had lied about the existence and role of Pai Kia,
the Accused’s position was that his account of Bob was true, and that Dianey
also knew Bob 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 67 lines 18–20.

(although Dianey’s evidence was that she did not know anyone by that name. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

NE 24 June 2016 p 98 lines 7–8.

)

36 The Accused also expanded on his dealings with the box and the drugs. He
and Dianey had discussed hiding the drugs in a box before they purchased the
Daia box. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 5 July 2016 p 2 lines 7–14.

37 There was some inconsistency in the number of packets of ice involved. In
the Bob statement of 15 January 2013, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

P44.

he stated that Bob handed to him one packet of white crystalline substance and
two packets of pink tablets. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

NE 28 June 2016 p 14 lines 1–7.

Dianey’s evidence, however, was that she packed two packets of ecstasy and two
packets of ice. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

NE 25 November 2015 p 93 lines 13–14 and 19–24; p 94 lines 7–13 and NE 24 June
2016 p 96 line 9.

Evaluation of the defence

38 The Accused was in possession of the Daia washing powder box from which the
ice and ecstasy were recovered. He admitted that he had intended to conceal
the ice and ecstasy he received from Bob in the box, and to bring it to
Singapore.

39 By these admissions, the Accused was importing methamphetamine into
Singapore when he was arrested. The prosecution also submitted that the
Accused was presumed under s 18(1) and (2) of the MDA to have possession of
the methamphetamine and knowledge of its nature. As there was direct evidence
on these matters, the case against the Accused was not dependant on the
presumptions.

40 There were several issues raised in his defence. The first was whether he
knew that the three bundles of ice were in the box.

41 Looking at the evidence as a whole, he had agreed with Bob to take ice and
ecstasy to Singapore. He purchased the box of washing powder and arranged with
Dianey to have the drugs wrapped in cling wrap and placed in the box. Although
he said there was one packet, and Dianey remembered two packets, there were
three packets recovered which were wrapped in the same way in cling wrap in
the box. He had not expressed any disagreement with the references to three
packets referred to in Question 1 in the contemporaneous statement (see [13]
above) and in the charge 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

P35.

that he responded to his cautioned statement (see [14] above). The Accused and
Dianey were the only persons engaged in wrapping the drugs and placing them in
the box. They must have wrapped and packed the packets which were recovered.
On the evidence he knew that the three packets were in the box.

42 The second issue was the quantity of drugs the Accused had agreed to carry
into Singapore.

43 The Accused’s position on this issue was most unsatisfactory. In his
cautioned statement, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

P35.

he stated that he had been promised that it would be not more than 100 grams.
In the Bob statement, 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

P44.

he said Bob told him that the ice weighed 250 grams, but he claimed in his
evidence in court that it should be 125 grams but he said 250 grams because of
the DNA test result (see [33] above). To compound the confusion, he said in
his investigation statement of 21 June 2013 that Bob told him it was below 250
grams (see [34] above).

44 The only unequivocal part of the defence was that he agreed to carry ice
for Bob. From his own evidence, Bob was not a reliable person as he had stated
the weight of the ice to be 125 grams and 250 grams. It is noteworthy that
mistake and reliance on Bob’s representations were not parts of his defence.

45 The Accused’s defence was set out in its closing submissions where it was
stated: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Defence Closing Submission para 11.

The Court will note (and this is to be said at the outset) that the Accused
admits to importing (and intending to import) the meth contained in the
exhibit A1A4A. Therefore, the evidence as to how the meth (and what quantity)
was procured and in what fashion becomes critical for the Court’s
consideration on the issue of what quantum of meth that was imported is to be
ascribed to the Accused.

46 The basis for the submission was that the weight of the methamphetamine in
packet A1A4A 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

PH21.

that the Accused admitted to was 92.49 grams.

47 However, the Accused’s evidence on the number of packets and the quantity
of methamphetamine he agreed to carry cannot be accepted. On the evidence, I
find that he had agreed to carry methamphetamine to Singapore, and that he and
Dianey hid the three packets of drugs in the washing powder box. I also find
that he was not told of the weight of the ice; and if he was told, he did not
rely on it when he committed the offence.

48 In the circumstances, I find the Accused guilty on the charge he faced and
convicted him.

Dianey’s alleged marriage to the Accused

49 In the course of the trial, it was contended by the defence that Dianey was
married to the Accused at the time of the offence and consequently s 124 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”) came into play.
Section 124 states:

No person who is or has been married shall be compelled to disclose any
communication made to him during marriage by any person to whom he is or has
been married; nor shall he permitted to disclose any such communication unless
the person who made it or his representative in interest consents, except in
suits between married persons or proceedings in which one married person is
prosecuted for any crime committed against the other.

[emphasis added]

According to defence counsel, s 124 restricted the evidence that could be led
from Dianey.

50 The issue took up a considerable amount of time, but was ultimately
irrelevant and without factual basis. Section 124 applies to communications
made to a person by his or her spouse. Dianey’s evidence touched on her
activities with the Accused during the disputed marriage, and did not go into
what he told her. She recounted that they bought the Daia box to hide the
drugs in, and that he found the cling wrap that she used to wrap the packets.
As this evidence did not pertain to spousal communications, the marriage issue
had no legal relevance.

51 More fundamentally, the defence did not prove that there was a marriage.
From the time of their arrest and throughout the investigations, the Accused
referred to Dianey as his girlfriend, and Dianey referred to him as her
boyfriend.

52 The marriage issue came up in a most unusual way. It came out for first
time during the cross-examination of the Accused’s mother, Normalah, when she
tendered a document that purported to be a certified marriage certificate. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

D1.

Normalah’s evidence was that she received it in the post. She remembered that
it was posted from Johor Bahru, but could not remember when she received it
and whether the document came with an accompanying note; and she did not know
if the sender’s identity was disclosed on the envelope which she had thrown
away. Essentially, she did not know why the unknown sender had sent the
certificate to her without her request. Although the certificate was in Jawi,
she understood that it was a marriage certificate of the Accused and Dianey.
(An English translation of the document was produced at the trial). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

D1T.

It was submitted on behalf of the Accused that he and Dianey had contracted a
Muslim marriage in Pattani, Thailand evidenced in a Marriage Licence No 09383.
51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defence’s submissions on section 279 of the Criminal Procedure Code para 5(d).

53 As I have mentioned, neither the Accused nor Dianey told the investigation
officers that they were married, and neither of them had a copy of the
marriage certificate in their possession. Dianey’s recollection was that they
were married in a mosque in Kelantan, not in Pattani, Thailand. They only
asserted that they were married after the curious certificate came to light
through Normalah.

54 In view of the unorthodox manner in which the certificate surfaced, some
investigations was clearly necessary. The defence, while relying on the
marriage certificate produced by Normalah as proof of the marriage, did not
take the initiative to verify the authenticity of the document. It was the
prosecution which did that. A letter was sent to the Royal Thai Embassy in
Singapore, forwarding a copy of the certificate and seeking confirmation if it
was genuine and issued in Thailand and recognised under Thai law. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

P101.

The response from the Embassy was that: 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

P99.

… The Islamic Council of Pattani Province has confirmed the certificate of
marriage Book No. LL 0376 No. 09383 between Muhammad Nor Sallehin Bin
Kamaruzaman and Nur Dianey Binti Mohamed Salim is in fact a counterfeit
document.

[emphasis in original]

55 Although the defence was informed of the correspondence, it did not follow
up on it or undertake any investigations of its own.

56 The alleged marriage and the certificate had to be proved by the defence in
compliance with the Evidence Act. Section 80(1)(g) of the Evidence Act
requires a public document in a foreign country be proved:

by the original or by a copy certified by the legal keeper thereof, with a
certificate under the seal of a notary public or of a consular officer of
Singapore that the copy is duly certified by the officer having the legal
custody of the original and upon proof of the character of the document
according to the law of the foreign country.

57 In this case, the marriage was not proved; and, to the contrary, there was
authoritative confirmation that the mysterious certificate was a counterfeit.
Consequently, I find that there was no marriage; and even if there was a
marriage, it did not have any effect on the admissibility of the evidence of
Dianey relating to the offence.

Kan Ting Chiu  
Senior Judge

David Khoo and Quek Jing Feng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
Prosecution;  
Suresh s/o Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) and Sankar s/o Kailasa Thevar
Saminathan (Sterling Law Corporation) for the Accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

