Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 78

Suit No 314 of 2013

Between

First Asia Capital Investments Limited  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| Société Générale Bank & Trust  
---|---  
(2)| Karen Cheong Hui Er  
  
… Defendants

Judgment

[Contract] — [Collateral contracts]

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation]

[Contract] — [Undue influence] — [Presumed]

[Equity] — [Fiduciary relationships] — [When arising]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
First Asia Capital Investments Ltd

  
v

  

Société Générale Bank & Trust and another

[2017] SGHC 78

High Court — Suit No 314 of 2013  
Steven Chong JA  
15–18; 22–24 November 2016; 8 February 2017

12 April 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA:

Introduction

1 Following the Global Financial Crisis in 2008, many investors incurred
substantial losses to their equity portfolios. One particular financial
product, known as a share ”accumulator”, was the source of many investors’
financial woes during that period, so much so that it earned itself the
infamous epithet, the “I kill you later” contract.

2 Pursuant to a share accumulator transaction (henceforth referred to as a
“share accumulator”), the issuer is obliged to sell shares of a company at a
price known as the “strike price” to the investor over an agreed period of
time. The strike price is lower than the market price at the beginning of the
agreed period. As long as the market price remains above the strike price but
below what is known as a “knock-out” price, the investor is obliged to
purchase an agreed quantity of shares at the strike price, thus “accumulating”
shares in that company, but at a discount. If the market price rises above the
knock-out price, the share accumulator is terminated. If it falls below the
strike price, the investor is usually required to purchase in multiples of the
agreed quantity of shares at set intervals. The knock-out price caps the
issuer’s loss, and thus the investor’s gain, should the market price increase,
but there is no corresponding limit to the investor’s loss if the market price
falls. The huge losses that can be caused by such unlimited downside risk
probably explains why many investors have brought actions against their banks
seeking to disclaim such share accumulators.

3 The usual complaint, in previous cases involving this financial product, is
that the share accumulators were either plainly unauthorised or inadequately
explained and misrepresented to the investor. The case before me concerns not
one but 103 share accumulators which were transacted over a period of some 18
months from June 2006 to January 2008. The plaintiff investor, First Asia
Capital Investments Limited (“FAC”), is a company incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands (“BVI”). Its authorised signatories are Mr Lucas (“Lucas”) and
his wife, Ms Lenny Patricia Halim Liem (“Lenny”). FAC entered into share
accumulators with the first defendant, Société Générale Bank & Trust
(“SocGen”), through the second defendant, Ms Karen Cheong Hui Er (“Karen”),
its relationship manager. All of these share accumulators were entered into
with Lenny’s written approval. What then is FAC’s basis for disowning them?
The answer to this basic question is not as straightforward as one would
expect. This is because FAC’s statement of claim (“SOC”) underwent six
amendments between the commencement of this suit and the trial, which, given
that successive amendments bore different colour codes, resulted in a
kaleidoscopic seventh version. FAC’s further attempt to amend its SOC after
the close of its case was disallowed.

4 Although Lucas and Lenny were both authorised signatories of the account,
FAC claims, inter alia, that there was an oral collateral agreement, between
FAC, the bank, and the relationship manager, that no transaction could be
validly entered into on FAC’s behalf without the prior approval of Lucas since
he was the “main” signatory and Lenny merely the “ancillary” signatory.
However, no such distinction was made in the bank’s contractual documents.

5 The main dispute turns on a key factual inquiry: was there any such oral
collateral agreement? This will have to be assessed with reference to the
objective evidence and the conduct of the parties. It will also entail some
commonsensical inquiries. Why would a bank enter into a collateral warranty
with its customer on terms which contradict its own contractual documents?
Further, why would a customer rely on such a collateral agreement which it
ought to have known conflicts with the bank’s written terms, especially since
there is a foolproof method at its disposal to achieve its intended safeguard,
ie, removing the wife as an authorised signatory of the account? The answers
to these questions must also take into account the fact that Lenny is legally
trained 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Transcript (17 November 2016) at p 82, lines 18–21

while Lucas is a very successful lawyer in Indonesia. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 25, lines 14–16

6 The trial of this action took place over seven days in November 2016. The
proceedings were bifurcated and the trial dealt only with the issue of
liability. Four witnesses were called: Lucas, Lenny, SocGen’s CEO, Mr Jean-
Francois, Michel, Marie Paquereau, and Karen. Given the bifurcation, FAC’s and
SocGen’s expert witnesses on the calculation of the alleged losses were not,
as originally planned, called to testify.

7 Having examined all the evidence before the court, it is clear to me that
the claim has no merit or factual foundation. This action was brought by FAC
in a misconceived attempt to shift responsibility for the consequences of its
own investments to the bank.

Background

8 The present claim relates to FAC’s two accounts with SocGen. These were
Account Numbers 8882633 and 8888045. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 5; 1st Defendant’s Defence
(Amendment No 5) (“D1’s Defence”) at para 6

I will refer to them collectively as the “FAC accounts”. They were opened on 9
June 2005 and 4 January 2006 respectively. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Jean-Francois, Michel, Marie Paquereau’s
(“Paquereau’s AEIC”) at paras 11 and 15

9 Karen was an employee of SocGen and was assigned to be FAC’s relationship
manager. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 6; D1’s Defence at para 5

She was employed by SocGen from 5 November 2005 to 30 October 2010, after
which she joined another bank. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Karen Cheong Hui Er (“Karen’s AEIC) at paras
3–4

Prior to FAC’s opening of its accounts with SocGen, Lucas held seven accounts
7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Further and Better Particulars dated 13 October 2015 (Sum 4550 of 2015) at
para 1 (Set Down Bundle, p 1461)

with SocGen. Karen was also the relationship manager for those accounts. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 6; D1’s Defence at para 8

10 As mentioned, FAC opened its first account (ie, Account Number 8882633)
with SocGen on 9 June 2005. On opening the account, FAC received SocGen’s
Corporate Account Booklet, which contained a number of contractual documents,
the most significant of which for present purposes are: (a) the Corporate
Account Application; (b) the General Terms and Conditions (“GTCs”); and (c)
the Mandate for Limited Company Account (“Mandate”).

11 The Corporate Account Application described the account as an “Investment
Advisory Account” as opposed to a “Discretionary Investment Management
Account”. It stated FAC’s mailing address in Singapore and provided for SocGen
to receive instructions from the authorised signatories appointed in the
Mandate by telephone or facsimile. It provided that the account would be
operated and dealt with in accordance with the GTCs. It was signed by Lenny
and Lucas as authorised signatories. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at pp 86–88

12 The GTCs contained SocGen’s standard terms and conditions and provided in
cl 2.1 that SocGen was entitled to accept and execute instructions from any
authorised signatory. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 93

Clause 2.1 is in the following terms (“you” for this purpose referring to
SocGen and “me” to FAC):

You are entitled to accept and execute instructions in accordance with the
mandate set out in the Account(s) Opening Application, the Mandate for Limited
Company Account, letter of authority, power of attorney, limited power of
attorney, or a board resolution, in respect of any transaction concerning my
Account(s) given by me or by my Authorised Signatory(ies) either in person or
by telephone (which need not have any call-back procedure), facsimile
transmission or by electronic mail, the Internet (or by any other
telecommunications or electronic mode of communication whatsoever)…

13 The Mandate stated that the board of directors of FAC had resolved to open
an account with SocGen, and that the two authorised signatories for the FAC
accounts were to be Lucas and Lenny. The director’s resolution in question was
passed on 8 June 2005 and signed by FAC’s sole director, a company named
Corporate Finance Overseas Limited. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at pp 70 and 73

According to the Mandate, authority “for signing the documents and for giving
instructions to the Bank in connection with the Accounts” was exercisable
“[s]ingly by any one” of the authorised signatories. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 89

14 On 11 November 2005, SocGen offered a US$20m credit facility to FAC, who
accepted it on 24 November 2005. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 111

This was subsequently superseded by a facility letter on 24 August 2006, which
extended a number of credit facilities to FAC including one of US$30m for
equity option trading. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 141

15 On 4 January 2006, FAC sent SocGen a letter of request to open a new
account. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 135

According to this letter, the authorised signatories for this second account
(ie, Account Number 8888045) were to be the same as that for the first
account. The new account was also to be operated in accordance with the GTCs
governing the first account.

The plaintiff’s case

16 FAC entered into a total of 103 share accumulators with SocGen in respect
of shares in 27 companies – in other words, it entered into multiple share
accumulators in respect of some companies. The trade dates of these share
accumulators were from 7 June 2006 to 3 January 2008. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 14

FAC entered into the 103 share accumulators using the second account it opened
with SocGen, ie, Account Number 8888045; no share accumulators were entered
into using Account Number 8882633. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

1st Defendant’s Letter to Court dated 13 February 2017 at paras 4–5

17 By March 2008, all but 18 of the 103 share accumulators had been knocked
out. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

1st Defendant’s Letter to Court dated 13 February 2017 at para 5

On 26 March 2008, FAC sent a letter to SocGen instructing it to unwind the
remaining 18 share accumulators. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at pp 2302–2303

18 FAC alleges that its losses were suffered on all the share accumulators it
entered into in respect of shares in 13 companies. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at Annex 1A

It is not clear why only these 13 companies were identified. The losses were
computed by taking the difference in the purchase value (number of shares
multiplied by the strike price) and the sale value of the share accumulators.
The losses are said to amount to US$15,859,572.59. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lucas (“Lucas’ AEIC”) at p 13

I note however that in its SOC, FAC alternates between saying it has suffered
loss and damage of “at least the sum of US$15,859,572.59” 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 21

and “about US$15,859,572.59” [emphases added]. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at paras 24, 38F, 43

Furthermore, one of its prayers for relief in its SOC is for damages to be
assessed. In any event, since the trial dealt only with the issue of
liability, the precise quantification of FAC’s loss is not relevant for
present purposes.

19 FAC’s claim against the defendants is based on a number of grounds.

20 First, FAC has averred that the share accumulators were in breach of an
oral agreement collateral to their contract as set out in the contractual
documents. Specifically, FAC has pleaded that:

(a) At all material times, Lucas was the “main signatory” of the FAC accounts
whereas Lenny “functioned only as an ancillary person”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 11A

(b) Either there was an agreement between the parties, or any or both of the
defendants had made a representation or warranty to FAC, that when the
defendants invested the monies in the FAC accounts, they would only do so with
the prior approval of Lucas as the main authorised signatory. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 18

FAC’s use of the phrase a “warranty and/or representation and/or agreement”
was confusing. It appeared to be pursuing both a cause of action in
misrepresentation and one for breach of contract: there are references to FAC
acting “in reliance” on the agreement/representation/warranty, but also to the
“agreement” having been “breached”. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20

However, its case, as developed at the trial and in its closing submissions,
was that there was a collateral agreement between FAC and the defendants that
the latter would not deal with the monies in the FAC accounts without Lucas’
prior approval. I will henceforth approach this claim as one based on breach
of a collateral agreement.

(c) The collateral agreement was made orally and “on or about 2005”. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Further and Better Particulars (22 August 2015) (Sum 1197) at para 7 (Set Down
Bundle, p 1310)

(d) The defendants breached the collateral agreement by entering into share
accumulators without the approval or consent in writing from Lucas. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20(b)

21 Second, FAC has also pleaded a claim for misrepresentation. This appears to
encompass claims both in contract (a misrepresentation inducing FAC through
Lenny to enter into the share accumulators) and the tort of deceit.

(a) As for the contractual claim, FAC has pleaded that the defendants had
obtained Lenny’s signature to the share accumulators by informing her in June
2006 that Lucas had already authorised them. Subsequently, Karen continued to
obtain Lenny’s approval for share accumulators from September 2006 onwards,
when Lenny was under the continuing impression that Lucas had authorised each
of the subsequent share accumulators. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 11C

The defendants obtained Lenny’s signature by only forwarding her the signature
page of the relevant documents. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 11D

(b) As regards the claim in tort, FAC has pleaded that the misrepresentation
made by Karen – that Lucas had already authorised various share accumulators –
was a fraudulent misrepresentation, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20C(1)

and that SocGen, as Karen’s employer, is vicariously liable for her
misrepresentation. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 21A

22 FAC has also brought a claim for breach of fiduciary duty. It has pleaded
that the defendants were under a fiduciary obligation to FAC and Lucas (though
not to Lenny) which required them, amongst other things, to act in good faith
and in their best interests, and to use the monies in the FAC accounts only
for purposes authorised by Lucas. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 28

In breach of their fiduciary obligations, the defendants executed the
unauthorised share accumulators which included shares in SocGen itself. The
defendants also procured Lenny’s execution of the documents relating to share
accumulators without fully informing her of the nature, effect and risk of
such transactions. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 29(i)

23 FAC has also pleaded that Lenny was under the undue influence of Karen when
she executed the transaction documents for the share accumulators due to the
“close family relationship” between them; 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at paras 26, 26A

and that the undue influence of the defendants caused Lenny to enter into the
share accumulators. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 31A

24 Finally, FAC has framed a claim based on another alleged misrepresentation.
It has pleaded that from time to time, Lucas had asked Karen whether the
monies in the FAC accounts were “safe”, and that Karen represented that they
were. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20(B)(1)

This, FAC has claimed, was a misrepresentation because the monies in the FAC
accounts, being assigned to and liable to be used for the highly-risky share
accumulators, were not in fact safe. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 20B(2)

It is not apparent when exactly such a misrepresentation was made – FAC only
said that the misrepresentations were made on “several instances in the period
from 2005 to 2007”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Further and Better Particulars dated 13 October 2015 (Sum 4550) at para 18
(Set Down Bundle, p 1332)

Procedural history

Changes in the statement of claim

25 FAC’s SOC has gone through several rounds of amendments. There are three
key aspects of this case on which FAC has not taken an entirely clear or
consistent position.

26 The first aspect is the number of unauthorised share accumulators.

(a) In its original SOC, FAC pleaded that neither Lucas nor Lenny authorised
the defendants to use any monies, shares or assets for any investment
purposes. This suggested that none of the share accumulators were authorised.
40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Statement of Claim dated 18 July 2013 at para 10

(b) In Karen’s request for further and better particulars in relation to SOC
(Amendment No 3), FAC was asked to specify which share accumulators the
defendants had transacted without the approval or consent from Lucas. FAC
specified 22 share accumulators as being unauthorised. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 75; Further and Better Particulars
dated 13 October 2015 (Sum 4550) at para 24(b) (Set Down Bundle p 1466)

In a response to SocGen’s request for particulars, filed on the same day as
its response to Karen’s request, FAC specified the same 22 share accumulators
as those which the defendants had procured the execution of by sending Lenny
only the last page of the transaction documents. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Further and Better Particulars filed 13 October 2015 (Sum 4509), para 24(b)
(Set Down Bundle, p 1341)

It remains unclear why FAC was, at that time, appearing to challenge only 22
share accumulators, or why it was alleging different grounds of lack of
authorisation in respect of these share accumulators.

(c) In any case, in its SOC (Amendment No 4) , FAC amended paragraph 20 to
assert that the specific share accumulators entered into without the consent
in writing from Lucas were the 22 transactions specified in the request for
particulars and, “additionally”, those specified in an Annex-1A to the SOC.
That Annex-1A contains the transaction documents of the 103 share accumulators
mentioned previously. The 22 share accumulators referred to earlier are in
fact part of those 103 share accumulators. FAC has maintained this position in
the most current iteration of the SOC.

27 The second aspect concerns how the collateral agreement was breached.

(a) In SOC (Amendment No 1), FAC pleaded that the defendants would only deal
with or invest the monies in the account “with the prior written approval of
the representatives as [FAC’s] only authorised signatories to the Accounts”,
and that the defendants had entered into share accumulators without the
approval or consent in writing from “the representatives” – that is, Lucas or
Lenny. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 18 and 20

(b) In SOC (Amendment No 2), FAC took a different position: that the
defendants would only deal with or invest the monies “with the prior written
approval of Mr Lucas as [FAC’s] main authorized signatory”; and that the
defendants had entered into the share accumulators without “the approval or
consent in writing from Mr Lucas”. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at paras 18 and 20

The previous averment that approval from Lenny would suffice was deleted.

(c) In SOC (Amendment No 3), the position was that the defendants would only
deal with or invest the monies with the “prior approval of Mr Lucas”; and that
the collateral agreement was breached because the defendants had invested in
share accumulators “without the approval or consent from Mr Lucas”. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) at paras 18 and 20

It appears that there was no longer any requirement that Lucas’ consent or
approval had to be in writing.

(d) In SOC (Amendment No 4), FAC appeared to revert to the position that
Lucas’ consent or approval had to be in writing. It maintained in one
paragraph that the defendants were only to deal with or invest the monies
“with the prior approval of Mr Lucas”, but pleaded separately that the
defendants had invested in share accumulators “without the approval or consent
in writing from Mr Lucas” (emphasis added). 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4) at paras 18 and 20

This has remain unchanged in the subsequent amended SOCs.

28 The third aspect concerns the defendants’ misrepresentation that Lucas had
already authorised the transaction.

(a) FAC only pleaded for the first time in SOC (Amendment No 5), paragraph 11C
– some two months before the trial – that: (i) the defendants obtained Lenny’s
signature by informing her in or about June 2007 that Lucas had already
authorised the share accumulators, and that all she had to do was sign on the
relevant documents; and (ii) from about September 2007 onwards, Karen, knowing
that Lenny had the continuing impression that Lucas had authorised the share
accumulators, continued to obtain Lenny’s signature for the share accumulators
without explaining the nature of the transactions to her.

(b) Following an amendment to the SOC – that is, Amendment No 6 – which FAC
applied to make on the first day of trial, and which I allowed, FAC’s case was
that the relevant dates for the misrepresentation referred to in paragraph 11C
were not June and September 2007 but June and September 2006. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 5) at para 11C

The striking-out application

29 I should also mention that on 11 April 2014, SocGen filed an application in
Summons No 1834 of 2014 to strike out FAC’s claim. One of its prayers was for
FAC’s SOC (which, at that time, was SOC (Amendment No 2)) to be struck out in
its entirety. On 3 June 2014, the Assistant Registrar hearing the case struck
out parts of the SOC. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Order of Court 4927 (Set Down Bundle, p 1579)

Both FAC and SocGen appealed.

30 On 14 August 2014, I allowed FAC’s appeal against the Assistant Registrar’s
decision and dismissed SocGen’s appeal. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

See Minute Sheet (RA 210) at pp 5–6

I did not think it right to strike out the SOC in its entirety for a number of
reasons, the most significant of which was that FAC’s counsel, Mr Peter
Gabriel, persuaded me that there were two specific matters which should be
properly ventilated at trial.

(a) First, in response to my question as to why Lucas’ instructions to obtain
his prior approval was not reduced in writing, Mr Gabriel informed me that
Karen was aware that Lucas had no interest in share accumulators and, for that
reason, she had specifically sought Lenny’s authorisation only for the share
accumulators while all other transactions were authorised by Lucas. The
submission at that stage was that Karen had deliberately bypassed Lucas in
respect of the risky share accumulators and instead sought Lenny’s
authorisation knowing full well that Lucas would not have approved them.

(b) Second, FAC had pleaded that “all and/or some of [Lenny’s] signatures were
obtained after the conclusion of the transactions”; 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at para 11E

and there were at least two share accumulators that seemed to have been
executed even before the transaction document was sent to Lenny for her
signature. It appeared to be possible, as FAC had pleaded, that Lenny’s
signatures were obtained through the process of only the signing page of each
of the transaction documents being forwarded to Lenny. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) at para 11D

The suggestion was that Lenny signed them without knowing or understanding the
nature of the transaction documents.

31 It is important to note that at the time when this appeal was heard before
me, discovery had not taken place. In particular, the transcripts of the
telephone instructions between Lenny and Karen (which featured prominently at
the trial) were not before the court. As will be seen, however, both these
points were refuted at trial (I deal with each of them at [63] and [75]–[76]
respectively). In fact, contrary to Mr Gabriel’s submission, when the evidence
unfolded (see [66] below), it became clear that Lenny had authorised numerous
other transactions beyond the share accumulators. Perhaps that is why FAC did
not actively pursue these points either at trial or in its closing
submissions.

Issues

32 Based on the facts and pleadings set out above, and as agreed by the
parties, there are seven issues to be addressed:

(a) Was there a collateral agreement that the defendants would not deal with
the monies in the FAC accounts without the prior approval of Lucas as the main
authorised signatory?

(b) If so, what was the legal effect of such a collateral agreement given the
contractual terms governing the banker-customer relationship between FAC and
SocGen? Did the defendants breach that agreement by entering into the share
accumulators?

(c) Did Karen misrepresent to Lenny, prior to entering into each share
accumulator transaction, that Lucas had already authorised the share
accumulators? If so, is SocGen vicariously liable for Karen’s
misrepresentation?

(d) Is FAC permitted by its pleadings to advance the case that notwithstanding
Lenny’s written authorisation of the share accumulators, Lenny had in fact not
provided prior oral authorisation either directly or through Lucas and Lenny’s
personal secretary, Erlina? This issue arose during the trial because FAC
claimed that Lenny did not provide prior oral authorisation for some or all of
the share accumulators. It also emerged that Karen might have taken
instructions for some share accumulators through Erlina.

(e) Did the defendants owe fiduciary duties to FAC?

(f) Did the defendants exercise undue influence over Lenny?

(g) Did the defendants misrepresent that the monies in the FAC accounts were
“safe”?

33 The collateral agreement and misrepresentation arguments are intertwined. A
determination that there was never any such collateral agreement would
effectively dispose of all the issues save for the allegations of undue
influence and breach of fiduciary duties which are peripheral issues raised by
FAC.

Analysis

Whether there was a collateral agreement

34 As will become apparent in the analysis below, the collateral agreement
argument fails on multiple fronts: (a) the vagueness of FAC’s pleadings; (b)
the inadmissibility of evidence to prove the alleged collateral agreement; (c)
FAC’s abject failure to adduce any credible evidence of the agreement; and (d)
the existence of the collateral agreement being at complete odds with the
contemporaneous objective evidence.

The collateral agreement is vaguely pleaded

35 The collateral agreement is pleaded in extremely vague terms. It is
important to bear in mind that, in the interests of commercial certainty, a
finding of a collateral agreement alongside a main contract will not lightly
be made; there must be clear proof that all legal requirements of a binding
contract have been met, and that its terms are certain (see Dynasty Line Ltd
(in liquidation) v Sukamto Sia and another and another appeal [2014] 3 SLR 277
(“Dynasty Line”) at [18]–[19]).

36 That a collateral agreement is alleged to have been made orally does not
mean it does not need to be pleaded with a degree of specificity. In
particular, it must at least be reasonably certain when the collateral
agreement was concluded. I observed in Likpin International Ltd v Swiber
Holdings Ltd and another [2015] 5 SLR 962, in the context of a striking-out
application, that even for a contract which was made orally, there could only
be one date on which the contract could be said to have been concluded, and
that it was, in that case, “plainly unarguable to assert that an oral contract
was concluded over a two-month period” (at [42]). FAC’s pleading here is even
less precise than that. It has averred that the collateral agreement was
formed “in 2005”. It is plainly inadequate to simply allege that an oral
agreement was made in a particular calendar year. Such a general pleading
makes it both difficult for the opposing side to know the case it has to meet,
and embarrassing for the court to determine based on the evidence whether such
an agreement was ever formed.

37 It was also observed in Dynasty Line (at [25]) that a court would be “slow
to replace the terms of a written contract with the inconsistent and uncertain
terms of a collateral agreement” [emphasis added]. Those words of caution are
particularly apposite here. As mentioned at [27] above, FAC has not taken a
consistent stand on the terms of the collateral agreement. It first pleaded
that the defendants were not to invest the FAC account monies without the
prior approval of Lucas and Lenny, then amended this to say that only Lucas
could grant prior approval. It also vacillated on whether such prior approval
had to be in writing. There is some force in the defendants’ submission that
FAC appeared to be tailoring its case to meet points raised by them. For
example, at the hearing of the striking-out application before the Assistant
Registrar, the defendants pointed out that the requirement of Lucas’ “prior
written approval” in the SOC (the version current at that time was SOC
(Amendment No 2)) was inconsistent with the GTCs. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 69

Clause 2.1 of the GTCs permitted the defendants to take instructions from the
authorised signatories “either in person or by telephone” as well (see [12]
above). FAC then amended its SOC to remove the reference to approval or
consent being “in writing”. The inconsistent and frequent amendments to the
SOC with regard to the collateral agreement are symptomatic of an inherently
unreliable claim. If there was such an alleged collateral agreement, it should
be capable of a definitive claim. Yet, it kept evolving throughout the
proceedings.

38 There appears, however, to be a much more fundamental objection to FAC’s
claim than its inexact pleadings: that evidence of the collateral agreement is
inadmissible pursuant to s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
because its terms are inconsistent with the contractual documents between FAC
and SocGen.

Evidence of the collateral agreement is inadmissible

39 Once the terms of a contract have been reduced in writing, evidence of an
oral agreement which contradicts or is inconsistent with its terms will not be
admissible. Section 94(b) of the Evidence Act provides:

Exclusion of evidence of oral agreement

94. When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a document, have been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such instrument or their representatives in interest for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to the following provisions:

…

(b) the existence of any separate oral agreement, as to any matter on which a
document is silent and which is not inconsistent with its terms, may be
proved; in considering whether or not this proviso applies, the court shall
have regard to the degree of formality of the document;

[emphasis added]

40 The Court of Appeal has stated on a number of occasions, with reference to
s 94(b), that evidence of a collateral agreement whose terms are inconsistent
with the main contract is inadmissible (see Latham Scott v Credit Suisse First
Boston [2000] 2 SLR(R) 30 at [21], referring to its previous decision in Ng
Lay Choo Marion v Lok Lai Oi [1995] 3 SLR(R) 77 at [14]–[15]); see also
Dynasty Line at [23]).

41 FAC cannot rely on s 94(b) to prove the oral collateral agreement. Section
94(b) provides that evidence as to a matter on which the contract is “silent
and which is not inconsistent with its terms” may be proved. However,
according to the collateral agreement pleaded by FAC, the defendants could act
only on the instructions on Lucas. That is clearly inconsistent with cl 2.1 of
the GTCs, which permitted SocGen to act on the instructions of either
authorised signatory – that is, Lucas or Lenny. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at para 117

Lucas agreed under cross-examination that the collateral agreement, in
restricting Lenny’s mandate as an authorised signatory, was inconsistent with
the contractual documents. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Transcript (16 November 2016) at p 56, lines 11–16

42 Further, even if the collateral agreement were not inconsistent, s 94(b)
also provides that regard must be given to the formality of the contractual
document in deciding whether to admit evidence of a collateral agreement. The
GTCs contained a full description of the contracting parties’ respective
rights and obligations. It is highly unlikely that SocGen would agree to be
bound by orally agreed terms which are not contained in and, more importantly,
are contrary to the GTCs. This would be a further reason not to admit evidence
of the collateral agreement in any event.

43 FAC submits that s 94 of the Evidence Act only applies if both written and
oral agreement should come into existence at the same time whereas, the oral
collateral agreement in this case was concluded before the written contract.
55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 66

I cannot agree. There is nothing in s 94 to suggest that only oral agreements
which come into existence at the time of the written agreement (and which
contain inconsistent terms) are precluded. In any event, there is clear
authority against FAC’s assertion. In Dynasty Line, the pleaded collateral
agreement was allegedly entered into before the main contract; the Court of
Appeal nonetheless found (at [22]–[23]) that it would have been inconsistent
with the main contract itself, and that evidence of it would therefore have
been inadmissible at trial by virtue of s 94(b) of the Evidence Act.

44 Hence, evidence of the collateral agreement is not admissible. In any
event, as I will now explain, it is clear that based on the evidence, there
was never any such collateral agreement.

Inference that collateral agreement existed cannot be drawn

45 It is common ground that there is no objective documentary evidence, either
contemporaneous or otherwise, mentioning the collateral agreement. Nor was the
collateral agreement referred to in any letter of demand prior to the filing
of the SOC. FAC is essentially asking this court to draw an inference that the
defendants would have entered into such a collateral agreement with FAC. This
inference is supported, it claims, by two facts: first, that the monies in the
FAC accounts and all the previous accounts he had held with SocGen were at all
times Lucas’ money, and second, that Lenny was only added as an authorised
signatory to the FAC accounts on Karen’s advice so that she could benefit from
the right of survivorship. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 26

This submission fails for a number of reasons.

46 First, there is no logical connection between the ownership of monies in
the FAC accounts and the question of who is authorised to give instructions to
use those monies. Once the owner of the funds has agreed to put another person
as an authorised signatory to the bank account, the legal consequences which
flow from such a nomination have nothing to do with the alleged sole ownership
of the funds. In any event, Lucas was not the beneficial owner of all the
monies in the other seven accounts he had opened with SocGen, but only of the
monies in six of them. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Transcript (16 November 2016) at p 5, lines 4–13

47 Second, the right of survivorship does not appear to have any relevance
here. FAC’s submission is this: Lenny was named as a joint account holder of
two of Lucas’ individual accounts with SocGen for the right of survivorship to
operate; therefore, it follows that Lenny must similarly have been named as an
authorised signatory to FAC’s corporate account for the right of survivorship
to operate. However, it is not clear how the right of survivorship enters into
the picture. Mr Gabriel accepted that the right of survivorship does not
operate in respect of FAC’s corporate account. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 11, lines 12–13

FAC has not explained how Lenny would benefit from the right of survivorship
by being named as an authorised signatory to a corporate account.

48 Third, even if the two facts relied on by FAC somehow support the existence
of a collateral agreement, it does not follow that the defendants would have
entered into such a collateral agreement orally despite knowing that the terms
of the banker-customer relationship were governed by the contractual documents
which, significantly, contained contrary provisions. There is no compelling
reason why they would enter into a collateral agreement inconsistent with the
written terms of the contract. Clause 37 of the GTCs allowed SocGen to amend
any of the terms of the agreement by sending a notice in writing. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 99

There is therefore no reason why SocGen would resort to varying the terms
orally. Lucas himself admitted that given the inconsistency between the
collateral agreement, which effectively restricted Lenny’s mandate as an
authorised signatory, and the terms of the contractual documents, it would
have been of the utmost importance for it to be reduced into writing. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript (16 November 2016), at p 56, line 16; p 57, line 1

The only reason he did not do so, he explained, was that he trusted Karen. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Transcript (16 November 2016) at p 59, line 15–18

It is difficult to believe that Lucas would not have wanted the security of a
written collateral agreement given that he is a commercial lawyer who would
have, by his own admission, understood the importance of evidence. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Transcript (16 November 2016) at p 57, lines 14–16

49 What makes the existence of the collateral agreement even more untenable is
that there were simpler ways of achieving Lucas’ purpose. If FAC and the
defendants intended an agreement that the monies were not to be invested
without Lucas’ approval, they could have achieved this by (a) having Lucas
listed as the sole authorised signatory; or (b) amending the terms of the
written contract. Either of these ways would have been eminently preferable to
an oral collateral agreement, which would be susceptible to ambiguity and thus
to dispute.

50 Therefore, I reject FAC’s submission that I should draw the inference that
the collateral agreement must have existed based on the two facts it has
alleged.

Objective contemporaneous evidence to the contrary

51 Going further, however, when the objective circumstances are examined, it
is beyond doubt that there was no collateral agreement of the sort alleged by
FAC.

(a) The collateral agreement is premised on Lenny being an “ancillary person”.
However, the evidence suggests that she actively made the decisions to enter
into the share accumulators (and, indeed, other investment products as well).

(b) The collateral agreement is to the effect that that no transactions were
to be entered into on the FAC accounts without Lucas’ prior approval. Yet,
leaving aside the share accumulators, Lucas was never asked for his approval
for any other transactions entered into using the FAC accounts.

(c) If there were a collateral agreement that the monies in the FAC accounts
could not be used for transactions without Lucas’ instructions, the defendants
would have breached that agreement by accepting the authorisation of Lenny for
the share accumulators. Yet, FAC raised no complaint until February 2008 even
though the first share accumulator was transacted in as early as June 2006.

52 I expand on these points in turn.

(1) Lenny was not an “ancillary person”

53 FAC’s case on the collateral agreement is premised on Lenny being, as
described in the SOC, an “ancillary person” (and Lucas, the “main” authorised
signatory). Lenny claimed that she was named as an authorised signatory to the
FAC accounts to sign off on documents when Lucas was not around and had given
prior approval to do so, 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief of Lenny Patricia Halim Liem (“Lenny’s AEIC”)
at para 9

and that she would not have understood what “accumulators” were or the risks
associated with such financial products. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Lenny’s AEIC at para 15

She said that she played a “passive” role as an authorised signatory and had
no authority to enter or exit transactions. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Transcript (18 November 2016) at p 34, lines 11–16; p 35, lines 10–18

Crucially, Lenny testified that Lucas had told her of her restricted mandate
as an authorised signatory of the FAC accounts. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Transcript (18 November 2016) at p 40, line 23; p 41, line 4

In other words, she knew of this alleged collateral agreement between Lucas
and the defendants. There are two main assumptions underpinning FAC’s case
theory that Lenny was an “ancillary” person: first, Lenny did not understand
share accumulators; second, she had no authority to enter or exit
transactions.

54 The transcripts of Lenny’s conversations with Karen during the period of
the share accumulators present an entirely different picture: they show that
Lenny was actively making investment decisions in respect of the share
accumulators. In fact, Lenny even regarded the FAC accounts as her own. Her
active participation in the share accumulators completely contradicts the
alleged collateral agreement restricting her role to only signing documents
when Lucas had given prior approval. Lenny made the decisions on the share
accumulators because she was, as stated in the contractual documents,
permitted to authorise transactions singly. I turn now to highlight the
salient extracts of the transcripts which bear out this inevitable conclusion.
I should mention that the full audio recordings of these were played at the
trial, quite often at Lenny’s insistence. The transcripts bear out two main
points.

55 First, Lenny clearly understood the nature of share accumulators.

(a) In a conversation with Karen on 19 October 2007, Karen began by reminding
Lenny that Lenny had asked her to “check [an] accumulator for Keppel”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 1230

Lenny had done so because she was interested in deciding whether or not
whether she should purchase that share accumulator. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Transcript (18 November 2016) at p 25, line 23; p 26, line 2

(b) In a conversation on 19 September 2007, Karen asked whether Lenny wanted
to sell the SocGen accumulator she had bought the previous day. Lenny told her
to “wait” and confirmed that she did not want to take profit yet. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Karen Cheong’s AEIC at p 921

(c) Lenny could even ask Karen about the four or five different accumulators
over the course of one conversation: on 11 October 2007, she instructed Karen
to take profit on four different accumulators (China Citic, Bank of China,
Fraser & Neave, and Keppel) and to take profit on another accumulator (DBS)
the next day. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Karen Cheong’s AEIC at pp 1076–1096

56 Lenny was also aware of the risks of share accumulators. In a conversation
on 7 December 2007:

(a) Lenny asked Karen whether she had queued for a particular share
accumulator. Karen replied that she had not yet done so because the “price
[had] gone up quite a lot” and the “risk [was] very high”. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 2260

(b) They moved on to discuss a different share accumulator (in a coal company
named China Shenhua). Karen reminded Lenny she had bought two of these share
accumulators. Lenny thought it was “too little”. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 2265

Karen was concerned that it would be best not to buy “too much”, reminding her
that if the market price of the shares dropped, FAC would “need to buy double
everyday”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 2266

She also advised Lenny not to have too many coal companies in her portfolio
and that she had to “be careful” because the market price might be overvalued.
74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 2268

The conversation illustrates that Lenny was advised about, and was aware of,
the risks of entering into share accumulators.

57 The second point is that Lenny clearly exercised the authority to enter and
exit transactions. The conversations referred to above already demonstrate
that she exercised such authority. Going further, however, the transcripts
show that she even regarded the monies in the FAC accounts as hers to use for
investments. Lenny even told Karen not to accept Lucas’ instructions. In a
conversation on 24 October 2007, Karen told Lenny that she had suggested that
Lucas “borrow [money] from First Asia”. Lenny responded that the FAC account
was her “territory”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Karen Cheong’s AEIC at pp 1179 and 1183

In short, Lucas was asking for a transfer of funds and Lenny was instructing
Karen to refuse his request. In another conversation on 24 October 2007, Karen
suggested that she could transfer certain shares out of the FAC account to one
of Lucas’ accounts. Lenny told her, “You can’t transfer it … Yeah, we, let’s
not give it to him. We, we, it’s ours” – “ours” here meaning she and Karen, in
the sense that Karen was to take instructions only from her and not Lucas in
respect of the FAC accounts. When Karen said she would keep the funds in the
FAC account, Lenny’s response was, “Yeah, we hold onto our own, we are
responsible for our own.” 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Karen Cheong’s AEIC at pp 1206–1209

When, at trial, Lenny tried to explain this statement away, she ran into
further difficulties. Lenny said that she was only trying to give the
impression that the FAC account was her own money, when it was in fact Lucas’
77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Transcript (17 November 2017), p 67, lines 10–22

– but giving the impression that it was her own money suggests that Lenny was
not in fact an ancillary person who had no authority to transact on the FAC
accounts. Certainly there would be no reason for Karen or SocGen to believe
that Lenny, as a duly authorised signatory, was in fact not authorised to give
instructions in respect of the FAC accounts.

58 I will highlight two further difficulties raised by Lenny’s explanations at
trial when she was confronted with the evidence of the transcripts. First, her
constant refrain was that she and Karen were just “telling stories”. What she
meant was that she was merely giving “input” and not instructions to Karen as
to whether to enter or exit the share accumulators; Karen still had to obtain
Lucas’ consent after getting her approval. However, not only was there no
record in the transcripts of her having asked Karen to obtain, additionally,
Lucas’ approval for any particular transaction, this would not have been a
commercially sensible practice given that share prices are by their nature
time-sensitive and therefore could have moved by the time Karen sought and
obtained Lucas’ confirmation.

59 Second, Lenny said it was Karen’s “habit” to continue asking her for
instructions and that she was surprised that Karen was calling her when she
should have been calling Lucas in respect of the share accumulators. However,
there was nothing in the conversations that indicated any tone of surprise on
her part at being called or that she had directed Karen to seek Lucas’
approval or even inquired whether Lucas had given his approval. Instead, the
evidence is to the contrary. She not only readily discussed the share
accumulators with Karen, but also told Karen that the FAC accounts were her
“territory”.

60 From the transcripts, (and I should add that the transcripts Lenny was
asked about at trial are only a fraction of those admitted in evidence) my
clear impression is that Lenny was an informed investor who was content to
manage the share accumulators on her own. She clearly exercised her authority
as an authorised signatory to enter into share accumulators. This effectively
gives the lie to FAC’s case that Lenny was merely an ancillary person which
somehow supports the existence of a collateral agreement limiting her
authority in respect of the FAC accounts.

(2) Lucas was not asked directly to authorise transactions on the FAC accounts

61 Share accumulators were not the only investments transacted using the FAC
accounts. FAC also transacted in a wide range of other products such as
commodity options, equity-linked notes, and dual currency investments. FAC is,
however, not claiming that any of these transactions was unauthorised.

62 If there was in fact a collateral agreement that the monies in the FAC
accounts could not be used without Lucas’ prior approval, and since FAC is not
challenging the other transactions, it should follow that Lucas must have
directly given his prior approval for these other transactions on the FAC
accounts. An examination of the other transactions which were entered into
using the FAC accounts reveals that this was not the case.

(a) It is clear that written authorisation was never obtained from Lucas even
for these transactions. It is not in dispute that Lenny signed all the
transaction documents for all investments of the FAC accounts. Mr Gabriel
informed the court that he was not aware of any transaction document relating
to the FAC accounts which bore Lucas’ signature. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Transcript (23 November 2016) at p 36, lines 22–24

(b) Nor did it appear to be the case that Karen sought Lucas’ oral approval
for these non–share accumulator transactions which were subsequently approved
in writing by Lenny. Lucas claimed that Karen would call him and explain these
transactions to him, and that he would approve them over the phone. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 34, lines 6–22

Yet he admitted that there were no transcripts or audio recordings of any of
these conversations he purported to have had with Karen in which he had
allegedly authorised the non-share accumulator transactions. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Transcript (15 November 2016), p 120, lines 4–14; Transcript (16 November
2016) at p 65, line 21; p 66, line 7

(c) In fact, it seems likely, given the absence of any evidence of Lucas
having authorised any transaction, that most, if not all, the transactions on
the FAC accounts were – as was the case with the share accumulators –
authorised by Lenny first orally followed by her written confirmations. In
truth, it is not Lucas’ evidence that he had personally given his prior
authorisation for Lenny to enter into these transactions. Rather, what he in
fact meant was that he had no objection to Lenny’s entering into these
transactions using monies in the FAC accounts – he acknowledged this twice
during his cross-examination. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 116, line 23; p 117, line 1; Transcript (15
November 2016) at p 128, lines 3–8

The collateral agreement mandated that Lucas’ approval had to be given for any
transaction on the FAC accounts, yet all of the above shows that his approval
was never in fact sought, much less given, for any transaction, whether for
share accumulators or other investment products. The irresistible and only
feasible conclusion is that there was never any such collateral agreement.
There was no restriction whatsoever on Lenny, as an authorised signatory, from
entering into transactions using the monies in the FAC accounts.

63 I pause here to address the first of the two matters which Mr Gabriel had
raised at the striking-out application (see [30(a)]). The argument that Karen
sought only Lenny’s authorisation for the share accumulators but obtained
Lucas’ authorisation for all other transactions is simply unsustainable given,
as I have just found, that there was no evidence that Lucas had personally
given authorisation for any transaction on the FAC accounts. Quite the
contrary: it was Lenny who appeared to have authorised all the transactions.
The argument that Karen deliberately bypassed Lucas because she knew that
Lucas would not have approved any share accumulator is plainly misconceived as
Lucas admitted that there was no evidence of any conversation in which he had
informed Karen not to enter into share accumulators. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Transcript (15 November 2016), p 131, line 24; p 132, line 5

(3) FAC did not raise any complaint about the share accumulators till much
later

64 There is one final point which effectively demolishes FAC’s case on the
collateral agreement. FAC received numerous confirmations of the share
accumulators. Lucas would have had ample opportunities to object to the share
accumulators on the ground that the defendants had breached the collateral
agreement in not seeking his prior approval. Yet, the first time Lucas raised
any objection was on 15 February 2008, when he claimed in a letter to SocGen
that all the share accumulators “were entered into without [his] knowledge or
consent”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 2300

According to Lucas, he only discovered at the end of 2007 that share
accumulators had been entered into: he had tried to transfer funds from the
FAC accounts but was told that the money was “blocked” because the credit
facility had been fully drawn upon on account of the share accumulators; it
was then that he learnt from Lenny that she had entered into such share
accumulators. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 62, lines 15–25; p 73, line 25; p 74, line
6

65 These allegations have no merit at all given that FAC had received, during
the period of the share accumulators: (a) term sheets for all the share
accumulators (save for two which were transacted solely by telephone
instructions); 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

D1’s Closing Submissions at para 15

(b) confirmation sheets for individual share accumulators; and (c) monthly
statements of accounts at its registered address. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Paquereau’s AEIC, JFP-22

The term sheets were faxed to FAC whereas the confirmation sheets and monthly
statements were sent to its Singapore registered address. The confirmation
sheets contained the following provision: “Unless we hear from you within 7
days from the above date, this transaction is deemed to be true and accurate”.
The monthly statements of accounts contained entries of the share
accumulators. Each page of the monthly statements contained a similar
provision: “Unless you notify us within 14 days after delivery of the
statement, all the entries in this statement will be deemed to be complete,
accurate, conclusive and binding on you”. The importance of checking the
monthly statements, in particular, must have been known to FAC when it first
opened the corporate account: Clause 32.1 of the GTCs provided that FAC was to
examine all statements of accounts and notify SocGen of any “unauthorised
transaction(s)” within 14 days, failing which the transactions would be
“binding and conclusive”, no claim on the grounds of “lack of authority” being
admissible thereafter. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 380

Despite all this, Lucas testified that he never checked any of the monthly
statements sent to FAC’s registered address in Singapore. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Transcript (16 November 2016) at p 76, lines 8–10

I find Lucas’ explanation incredible, to say the least. Given the volume of
the confirmations and statements sent to FAC over a fairly long period of
time, it is unbelievable that an educated and commercially astute person like
Lucas would not have bothered to check any of these financial documents.

66 Even assuming that Lucas did not check any of the confirmations or monthly
statements, it is hard to believe that Lucas was completely unaware of any of
the share accumulators Lenny had entered into. As mentioned, Lenny entered
into a variety of other investment products using the FAC accounts. Lucas has
not claimed that he was unaware of these transactions. He admitted that he did
talk to Lenny about some of the transactions on the FAC accounts. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 30, lines 1–3

In particular, he said he always knew what Lenny was doing with regard to, for
example, currency transactions, only that he had never talked to Lenny in any
way about share accumulators. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 133, lines 7–22

This explanation is self-serving and I reject it. There is no conceivable
reason why Lucas would be aware of all the other transactions except those
relating to share accumulators. It is difficult to believe that Lenny would
not have mentioned the share accumulators to Lucas when profits were made. And
on this point, I note that there are in evidence fax transmissions from Karen
to FAC, all of which were sent in February 2007, informing it of the profit it
had made from the sale of shares acquired through share accumulators. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 2212–2214

Conclusion: the collateral agreement did not exist

67 Ultimately, since the collateral agreement was alleged to have been made
orally, whether or not it existed is necessarily a matter of inference. The
facts relied on by FAC do not, as it has contended, remotely support the
inference that the collateral agreement existed. The objective circumstances
confirm that the collateral agreement did not and could not have existed. The
inescapable conclusion is that there was simply no collateral agreement
between FAC and the defendants that the latter could only transact on the FAC
accounts with Lucas’ prior approval. The collateral agreement was conjured up
by FAC to disclaim the share accumulators which it was obviously bound by.

Whether the defendants misrepresented to Lenny that Lucas had given prior
approval for the share accumulators

68 As mentioned (at [28(a)] above), this claim in misrepresentation was
introduced belatedly, just two months before the trial. It was not mentioned
in any complaint to FAC or in any of the earlier versions of the SOC. In
addition, FAC initially claimed that the misrepresentation was in June 2007,
then changed its mind and said it was in June 2006. Therefore, this claim has
to be viewed with a degree of scepticism. It must also be viewed with caution
given that FAC is accusing Karen of having made such misrepresentations
fraudulently.

69 In any case, FAC’s claim on this misrepresentation is untenable. Mr Gabriel
accepted in closing submissions that the existence of the collateral agreement
is foundational to this misrepresentation. If there were no collateral
agreement that the defendants could only act with Lucas’ prior approval, there
would be no reason for the defendants to misrepresent that Lucas had already
given prior approval when asking Lenny to sign off on the share accumulators.
Since I have found that no collateral agreement existed, it is therefore
improbable that any such misrepresentation was made.

70 Given this finding, there is no need to consider whether SocGen is
vicariously liable for Karen’s purported misrepresentation.

Whether Lenny had not in fact provided prior oral authorisation of the share
accumulators

71 FAC has not pleaded that the share accumulators are unauthorised because
Lenny did not provide prior oral authorisation despite having signed the
written term sheets. Its case has always been that Lenny authorised all the
share accumulators in question, but that her authorisation should have no
legal effect either because Lucas’ prior approval had not been sought, or
because her authorisation had been procured by misrepresentation. While FAC
insists that it has pleaded it, the paragraphs in the SOC it has referred to
do not mention anywhere that Lenny had not orally authorised any of the share
accumulators. Curiously, FAC claimed that the following sentence in the SOC
supports its case: “[FAC] avers that the Defendants had used such monies
deposited in the Account as well as such shares and/or assets, for
transactions unauthorised by [FAC]”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 109

This sentence is not found in its latest version of the SOC, which is SOC
(Amendment No 6). While it did appear in the original SOC (at paragraph 13),
it was deleted in SOC (Amendment No 1). It is thus disingenuous for FAC to
still rely on this.

72 In any event, any argument that Lenny had not provided prior oral
authorisation is plainly unsustainable. Lucas accepted, in cross-examination,
that Lenny had authorised all the share accumulators (although he maintained
that his authorisation, which was required, was not obtained). 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 27, lines 9–16

73 Quite apart from its failure to plead this point, FAC is also precluded by
the contractual documents from claiming that the share accumulators were
unauthorised. As mentioned (at [64]), the confirmation sheets and monthly
statements were sent to FAC, who raised no objection within the stipulated
time for doing so.

74 For completeness, I note that FAC has alleged one particular accumulator
(for SocGen shares) as having been entered into without prior oral
authorisation from Lenny. The trade date of this accumulator was 16 October
2007. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 1105

On that day, Karen called, not Lenny, but Erlina, the personal assistant to
Lucas and Lenny. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 14, lines 18–19

Karen asked Erlina whether she wanted to “do” the SocGen accumulator. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 1124

Erlina eventually said, “Okay, lah, do it, lah”, to which Karen replied, “We
see the market tomorrow”. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 1125

Despite this reply, Karen did execute the accumulator that day, ie, 16 October
2007. It appears that Karen did obtain Lenny’s authorisation. She called Lenny
about half an hour after having called Erlina. At one point in the
conversation, she mentioned to Lenny (quite abruptly, given that the
conversation till then had been about a currency investment) that she would
“do” the “SG first” (presumably this meant the SocGen accumulator). 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 1136

It appears that Lenny gave her approval.

75 Whether or not Lenny did in fact orally authorise the transaction is of no
legal consequence given, first, that it has not been pleaded that her oral
authorisation was not given (Mr Gabriel agreed there was nothing in FAC’s
pleadings suggesting that Lenny signed the term sheets despite not having
given prior oral instructions to enter into the share accumulators 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Transcript (22 November 2016) at p 27, lines 21–25; p 28, lines 1–6

), and secondly because Lenny did sign the term sheet for this accumulator.
100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Karen’s AEIC at p 1109

In short, even if Karen had placed any order without Lenny having first given
oral authorisation, FAC would still be bound since Lenny gave written
confirmation by signing the term sheets. It is not in dispute that Lenny
signed all the term sheets. I would add that this puts to rest the second of
the two points which Mr Gabriel relied on to persuade me to allow the
striking-out appeal (see [30(b)] above). Although some share accumulators may
have been executed even before the term sheets were sent to Lenny for her
signature, her signature on the term sheets confirms that they were in fact
authorised.

76 It is convenient now to deal also with the point that only the signature
page was faxed over by SocGen. Counsel for Karen, Mr Kenneth Koh, demonstrated
at trial in Karen’s re-examination that this could not have happened. The term
sheets for each share accumulator would have had a time stamp at the top left
of the signing page as well as an indication on the top right of the number of
pages that had been faxed over. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

eg Karen’s AEIC at p 825

During the trial, Mr Koh referred the court to four term sheets in which the
number of pages indicated as having been faxed over corresponded with the
total number of pages in the term sheet. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Transcript (24 November 2016) at pp 33–39

There is no reason to suppose that the same was not done for all the term
sheets and FAC did not suggest otherwise in its closing submissions. Lenny’s
practice was, however, to fax back only the last page of the term sheet
bearing her signature to SocGen. The document that Mr Gabriel relied on at the
striking-out appeal to suggest that SocGen only faxed the term sheets to Lenny
after the share accumulator had been entered into was the last page of a term
sheet for a share accumulator (City Development Ltd). The trade date was 18
October 2006 but the term sheet was faxed to Lenny on 30 October 2006.
However, the signature page has a marker at the top right hand corner which
shows that six pages were faxed over. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at p 4105

In other words, SocGen did not fax only the signature page to Lenny. Hence,
although the trade date preceded the date of the fax, it is clear that Lenny
was aware of this and proceeded to sign the term sheet nonetheless.

Whether the defendants owed fiduciary duties to FAC

77 A bank does not ordinarily owe fiduciary duties to its customers given that
the relationship between a bank and its customer is contractual. Bearing in
mind the duty of single-minded loyalty owed by any fiduciary, the critical
question in the context of a banker-customer relationship is whether the bank
“has undertaken, expressly or impliedly, to act as a fiduciary vis-à-vis the
principal, ie, to put the principal’s interests ahead of its own” (Deutsche
Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 1310 at [110]).

78 I reject FAC’s submission that the defendants owed it fiduciary duties.
There is, on the whole, no evidence that SocGen and Karen, as FAC’s bank and
relationship manager respectively, had agreed to place FAC’s interests ahead
of their own. This conclusion is buttressed by a number of specific points.

79 First, the FAC accounts were execution-only accounts. The defendants could
not enter into any transactions using those accounts unless they had been
instructed to do so by FAC. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Transcript (23 November 2016) at p 66, lines 15–19

That the defendants have no authority to deal with the account monies on their
own is a factor tending to show that there is no fiduciary obligation. In
Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2009] 2 SLR(R) 737, the Court of
Appeal noted, albeit in obiter, that relationships in which fiduciary
obligations have been imposed tend to involve three general characteristics:
(a) the fiduciary has scope for the exercise of some discretion or power; (b)
the fiduciary can unilaterally exercise that power or discretion so as to
affect the beneficiary’s legal or practical interests; and (c) the beneficiary
is peculiarly vulnerable to or at the mercy of the fiduciary holding the
discretion or power (at [41]). In Nitine Jantilal v BNP Paribas Wealth
Management [2012] SGHC 28, Choo Han Teck J found that the fact that the bank
could not deal with the customer’s assets as it wished but had to act on the
latter’s instructions was a point against finding any fiduciary obligation (at
[13]).

80 Second, the contractual documents clearly excluded the possibility of a
fiduciary relationship arising between FAC and the defendants. Clause 9.1(c)
of the GTCs expressly provided:

Notwithstanding that I may have informed you of my investment objectives or
given you any information, I shall be solely responsible for making my own
independent investigation and appraisal of all investments which I intend to
deal in and making my own judgement and independent decision before dealing in
them.

Further, the confirmation sheets for each share accumulator state that SocGen
would not assume any fiduciary responsibility or liability arising from the
transactions. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Paquereau’s AEIC at para 78

Similar contractual terms were found to militate against the existence of a
fiduciary duty in Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd [2008] 1 SLR(R) 237
(“Susilawati (HC)”) (at [67]), a finding which was not challenged on appeal.

81 FAC relies on the fact that Lenny would act on Karen’s advice. Karen, FAC
claims, would call Lenny to introduce or discuss certain accumulators with
her; she would also recommend the purchase of certain accumulators and Lenny
would sometimes trust her recommendations. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Transcript (23 November 2016), p 49, line 12; p 50, line 11

Such advice and recommendation could not conceivably give rise to any
fiduciary duty. In fact, the defendants were contractually obliged to offer
such advice. Clause 9.1(b) of the GTCs provided:

You will advise and inform me of investment opportunities as and when you deem
fit … I am free either to follow or disregard, in whole or in part, any
advice, recommendation or information given by you to me. You will only act on
instructions given by me and/or my Authorised Signatory(ies)…

As the above clause makes clear, FAC (and, for the purposes of this case,
Lenny) retained the power of deciding whether or not to enter into any share
accumulator that had been recommended.

Whether the defendants exercised undue influence over Lenny

82 Undue influence arises in the course of a relationship between two persons
where one person has acquired over the other a measure of influence or
ascendancy of which that person takes unfair advantage. It may either be
proved directly or with the aid of a presumption; this is referred to as
“actual” and “presumed” undue influence respectively. FAC did not plead
whether it was relying on actual or presumed undue influence in this case,
though it clarified at an interlocutory hearing that it was relying on
presumed undue influence. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

D1 Closing Submissions at para 212

83 For undue influence to be presumed, two things must be shown: first, that
the complainant reposed trust and confidence in the other party or the other
party acquired ascendancy over the complainant; and second, that the
transaction is not readily explicable by the relationship of the parties (per
Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in Royal Bank of Scotland plc v Etridge (No 2)
[2002] 2 AC 773 (“Etridge”) at [21], applied in Susilawati (HC) at [28]). I
would stress that the complainant must have reposed trust and confidence “in
relation to the management of the complainant’s financial affairs” (Etridge at
[14]). If the complainant is able to establish these two points, undue
influence is presumed and the burden falls on the wrongdoer to rebut the
presumption.

84 In certain established categories, the relationship of trust and confidence
is presumed, leaving only the question of whether there is a transaction which
calls for an explanation. Those categories would include that of parent and
child, doctor and patient, lawyer and client, and so on (The Law of Contract
in Singapore (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“Law
of Contract”) at para 12.143); it has been said that “the relation of banker
and customer will not normally meet this criterion”, though exceptionally it
may (Etridge at [10]). No argument was made that the relationship of trust and
confidence should be presumed in this particular banker-customer relationship.
The burden therefore falls on FAC to prove, as a first step, that Lenny placed
trust and confidence in Karen in relation to the management of FAC’s financial
affairs.

85 In my view, FAC has not discharged its burden. It is important to bear in
mind that not any kind of relationship where there is “trust and confidence”
would suffice for the vitiating factor of undue influence to operate
(Susilawati (HC) at [29]). Undue influence is generally concerned with those
relationships where improper pressure is not overtly applied but exists by
virtue of the nature of the parties’ relationship (Law of Contract at para
12.096). There is no easy way to define the essence of such relationships, but
they generally would involve “trust and confidence, reliance, dependence or
vulnerability on the one hand and ascendancy, domination or control on the
other” (Etridge at [11]). I do not think the relationship between Lenny and
Karen was anywhere close to such a nature. It is not in doubt that Lenny and
Lucas had a close relationship with Karen, who, as their relationship manager,
even attended to their personal needs such as assisting them to obtain
permanent residence in Singapore. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Statement of Claim (Amendment No 6) at para 26

Neither is it in doubt that, in relation to the FAC accounts, Lenny (and
Lucas) “placed their trust in [Karen]”. 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions at para 167

That does not, however, mean that Lenny reposed trust in Karen in relation to
the management of her (or more accurately, FAC’s) financial affairs, or, put
another way, that Karen had acquired ascendancy over Lenny such that she was
able to improperly pressure her into executing share accumulators. As
mentioned earlier (at [55]–[57]), the transcripts of their conversations show
that Lenny knew what share accumulators were and was actively involved in the
decisions to purchase them; on occasion, she even disregarded Karen’s
recommendations. It is quite inconceivable that Lenny was pressured into
executing these share accumulators by virtue of Karen’s undue influence over
her.

Whether the defendants misrepresented that the monies in the FAC accounts were
“safe”

86 As pleaded, the monies were not apparently safe because they were used for
the share accumulators. There is no evidence, apart from Lucas’ assertion,
that Karen represented the monies as having been “safe”. In any event, to say
that money in an account is “safe” is far too vague a statement to be able to
constitute an actionable misrepresentation; nor is it clear how there could be
reliance on such a statement in the context of an investment advisory account
in which there was obviously a possibility that monies would be used for (and
thus potentially lost on) transactions.

87 According to Lucas, the monies in the FAC accounts had to be kept “safe” in
two senses: (a) the monies in the accounts “were not to be invested or
transacted in any way unless specific approval [had been] given by [him]”; and
(b) the defendants were “not to invest in any risky products”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Lucas’ AEIC at para 20

88 The misrepresentation in the first sense was not pleaded. FAC only pleaded
that Karen misrepresented the monies as being safe when they were in fact
being used for highly-risky share accumulators (see [24] above). In any event,
there would be no reason to make this misrepresentation unless there was some
agreement that Karen was not to approach Lenny to sign off on any transaction.
This misrepresentation is premised on FAC’s case on the collateral agreement,
on which I have found against FAC.

89 The misrepresentation in the second sense is flawed. It could not have been
the case that the monies in the FAC accounts were not to be invested in any
risky product. It is a fact that FAC invested in shares, foreign exchange,
gold, and even foreign exchange accumulators using the FAC accounts. Lucas
accepted that these were risky products, though he claimed that the risks on
these transactions were “calculated”, whereas the risk on share accumulators
was not so. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Transcript (15 November 2016) at p 39, lines 10–18

In other words, the definition of a “risky product” depended entirely on what
Lucas perceived to be a calculated risk and therefore worth taking. This was,
in my view, too convenient an explanation, contrived only for the purpose of
excluding the share accumulators.

90 In my judgment, FAC’s claim based on this alleged misrepresentation is also
entirely without merit.

Time bar

91 Of the two defendants, only SocGen has pleaded a limitation defence. It
averred that “any claim in relation to transactions that took place on or
prior to 11 April 2007 [is] time barred by virtue of the Limitation Act [(Cap
163, 1996 Rev Ed)]”. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

D1’s Defence (Amendment No 5) at para 27

In its closing submissions, it argued that FAC’s claim in relation to
transactions before 11 April 2007, whether based on contract, tort, breach of
fiduciary duty or fraud, are barred by a limitation period of six years (FAC
commenced its claim on 11 April 2013). 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions at paras 99–100

92 As I have rejected all of FAC’s arguments, it is unnecessary to deal with
the limited time bar defence raised by SocGen.

Conclusion

93 For the reasons given, I dismiss FAC’s claim with costs. After the delivery
of my decision, FAC’s counsel accepted that SocGen and Karen are entitled to
costs on an indemnity basis as is contractually provided for in cl 11 of the
Mandate and cl 18.3 of the GTCs.

94 The trial was heard over seven days. The pleaded claim amount was in excess
of US$15m. Notably, as the defendants brought to my attention, considerable
time was spent to review and transcribe 338 audio recordings of the telephone
conversations between Lenny and Karen. The request for bifurcation was only
made on the eve of trial, and hence, much work had already been carried out by
the parties in relation to the quantum of FAC’s losses. In all the
circumstances, I fix costs on an indemnity basis in the sums of $400,000 and
$375,000 to SocGen and Karen respectively, with reasonable disbursements, to
be taxed if not agreed.

Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal

Gabriel Peter, Low Hui Lin, Roxanne and Tan Yingxian, Selwyn (Gabriel Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff;  
Nair Suresh Sukumaran and Tan Tse Hsien, Bryan (Advocatus Law LLP) for the
first defendant;  
Koh Tee Huck Kenneth (Unilegal LLC) for the second defendant.

______________________________

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

