Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 61

Criminal Case No. 1 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Tan Kah Ho  
Mui Jia Jun

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Tan Kah Ho and another

[2017] SGHC 61

High Court — Criminal Case No 1 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
11, 17-19 January, 3 February 2017

7 April 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Tan Kah Ho (“Tan”) is a 33 year-old Malaysian who worked as a storeman. Mui
Jia Jun (“Mui”) is a 28 year-old Malaysian who had worked in an internet café
where he first met Tan.

2 Tan was arrested behind City Plaza at 6.50am on 21 February 2014 after he
had just delivered a blue plastic bag containing three bundles of drugs
analysed to contain not less than 21.74g of diamorphine (“the diamorphine
bundles”) to one Low Johnnie. All three bundles were wrapped in black tape. A
search on Tan’s car, registered as WSG 3916, was made and a “Jorano” plastic
bag, containing seven black-taped bundles, was found on the floorboard of the
front left passenger seat. The “Jorano” bag contained three bundles of
crystalline substance, analysed to contain not less than 323.7g of
methamphetamine (“the methamphetamine bundles”). There were also four bundles
of nimetazepam forming the subject matter of the third charge, which had been
stood down. I will not consider any evidence relating to this charge.

3 Mui was not present with Tan on 21 February 2014 when Tan delivered the
diamorphine bundles to Low Johnnie. Mui was arrested on 1 April 2014 at the
Wheelock Place car park where he had just driven in at about 3.42pm with a
woman named Whoo Tze Xin. Mui was driving a Malaysian registered car bearing
registration number JNV 1060.

4 When Tan and Mui were arrested, they were found to be in possession of three
mobile phones each. Tan made a total of eight statements to the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) after his arrest. Mui made a total of four
statements. The foregoing facts were admitted without dispute.

5 Tan and Mui were jointly tried on two charges, both were in furtherance of
their common intention to traffic in drugs, Tan delivered 21.74g of
diamorphine to one Low Johnnie and Tan was in possession of 323.7g of
methamphetamine for the purpose of trafficking on 21 February 2014, thus
committing an offence under s 5(1)(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185,
2008 Rev Ed) (“Misuse of Drugs Act”) read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed). The Prosecution’s case is that Mui had passed a “Jorano”
bag containing the drugs to Tan in Malaysia, whereupon Tan had driven into
Singapore and delivered the diamorphine bundles to Low Johnnie.

6 Tan testified that he knows Mui as “Ah Jun”. He got to know Mui through “Ah
Yang”, his friend. Around September 2013, “Ah Yang” told him that “there [was]
a good way of earning good money for doing a simple delivering [sic] job of
some illegal stuff or collecting money from some people in Singapore for
them”. Tan started delivering drugs from September 2013 and had been
collecting them for delivery from Mui and another “Chinese guy”.

7 In his oral testimony, as well as his statements dated 24 February and 5
December 2014, Tan confirmed that that he met Mui in Malaysia in the early
hours of 21 February 2014, where Mui had placed the drugs in the “Jorano” bag
and handed the bag to him for delivery. This “Jorano” bag contained the
diamorphine bundles and the methamphetamine bundles (and four bundles of
nimetazepam). He crossed the Tuas Checkpoint and drove to Bukit Batok, where
he received instructions via text from Mui and separated the bundles for
delivery. He proceeded to City Plaza to deliver the diamorphine bundles to Low
Johnnie, an “Ah Pek” he recognised from a previous transaction. They both went
into a toilet and Tan handed a blue plastic bag containing the diamorphine
bundles to him. Tan’s evidence is largely consistent with Low Johnnie’s
statement dated 6 January 2017. Low Johnnie stated that he had received a call
from the “Malaysian man” he identified as Tan in the morning of 21 February
2014, and proceeded to take a taxi to City Plaza to receive the one pound of
“peh hoon” (a street name for diamorphine) he had ordered. This was passed to
him in three black bundles inside a blue plastic bag. Low Johnnie had also
recognised Tan as he had “received ‘peh hoon’ from [Tan] on about two previous
occasions”.

8 Tan barely challenged the prosecution's case, and even admitted in his
statements on 25 and 26 February 2014 and his oral testimony that he knew that
he was carrying drugs in the “Jorano” bag for the purpose of trafficking. In
his statement dated 25 February 2014, he confirmed that the diamorphine and
methamphetamine bundles were “the drugs that [he brought] in to Singapore and
[intended] to deliver to 2 separate recipients on the day of [his] arrest”. To
date, he has earned about RM 20,000 to RM 30,000 from the drug deliveries and
collection of drug proceeds.

9 His only defence was that he did not know that he was committing a capital
offence, either because he did not know the quantity of drugs he was carrying
or the penalties for drug trafficking. His counsel, Mr Wong Siew Hong, hoped
to persuade me that I ought to accept this defence because Tan is a “simple-
minded man” and was told by his “co-ordinators” that he would only be barred
from entering Singapore for two to three years should he be caught.

10 There is no doubt that Tan knew that he was carrying heroin. It is true
that when cross-examined by Deputy Public Prosecutor Lau Wing Yum (“Mr Lau”),
Tan denied that he knew that the drugs were heroin, but he had already
admitted that he had been delivering heroin in Singapore on Mui's
instructions. That admission is found on the first substantive paragraph of
his first long statement dated 24 February 2014. Further, in his statement
dated 25 February 2014, Tan stated that he knew that the “Jorano” bag passed
to him contained three bundles of “Bai Fen” (a Mandarin street name for
diamorphine) and three bundles of “ICE” (a street name for methamphetamine).
When specifically shown the drug exhibits of the diamorphine bundles, he
admitted that he knew that the bundles contained “Bai Fen”.

11 Judging by the manner he answered the questions under cross-examination
from Mr Chua Eng Hui (“Mr Chua”), counsel for Mui, and Mr Lau, I do not think
that Tan was so simple-minded that he did not know the type or quantity of
drugs he was delivering. The death penalty threshold for diamorphine is 15g.
Even in its gross form, which was delivered to and handled by Tan, two to
three bundles would be sufficient to cross the threshold. Even if Tan did not
know the exact nature and quantity of the drugs, it was because he did not
care to find out. It is not disputed that he had possession of the drugs.
There is thus a presumption under s 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act that he
had known the nature of the drug. If he chose not to check the bundles when he
knew he was carrying drugs, and had the opportunity to do so (during his drive
to Singapore, for example), it would be very exceptional for any court to
accept that by his denial alone he had rebutted the presumption in law that he
knew the nature of the drugs in his possession.

12 From the evidence, I am of the view that although Tan was delivering
heroin, he was acting only as a courier. His role was only limited to
transporting, sending or delivering the drugs within the meaning of s
33B(2)(a)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs Act. He received the drugs and
instructions as to what to do with them from Mui, and was only provided with
the contact numbers of the recipients upon reaching Singapore. Mr Chua,
counsel for the second accused, Mui, argues as part of Mui’s defence, that Tan
was intimately involved in the packing of the drugs, and that explains Tan’s
deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) on the interior and exterior surfaces of the
methamphetamine bundles. Tan’s DNA being found on the exterior surfaces of the
methamphetamine bundles is consistent with his testimony that he had handled
the bundles to allocate them to their recipients. It is true that his DNA was
also found on the adhesive side of the black tapes of one of the
methamphetamine bundles (A1A) and one of the diamorphine bundles (B1). The
packed bundles, as observed from their photographs (exhibits P12 and P25), do
not appear to have been packed very tidily, with the edges of the bundle not
entirely sealed up. As there is no other evidence suggesting that Tan was
involved in more than delivering the drugs, I will give him the benefit of the
doubt that his DNA may have been left on the adhesive side of the black tapes
at the ends of the bundle when he was handling them for delivery.

13 That brings me to Mui's defence. Mr Chua submits that the central issue is
whether Mui handed the “Jorano” bag to Tan. Mr Chua conceded that if he did,
the Prosecution’s case is made out. A large part of Mr Chua’s closing
submissions concerned the DNA evidence. He submits that Mui’s DNA was found in
only two places on the diamorphine bundles (on the black tapes and the Ziploc
bag) and none on the methamphetamine bundles. Mui’s DNA was also not found on
the “Jorano” bag. Mr Chua contrasts this to the multiple places in which Tan’s
DNA, and the DNA of other unknown persons, was found on the bundles, and
submits that it is far more likely that someone else had handled the drugs.
Alternatively, Tan was the one who had packed the drugs, and Mui could not
have handed the drugs to Tan.

14 Mr Chua’s argument would have been strong if Mui’s DNA was not found at
all. The fact that some were found means that he had contact with the drugs in
the “Jorano” bag, requiring a reasonable explanation. Mui testified that he
had used a roll of black tape in one Xiao Hu’s house to pack Erimin-5 tablets
(street name for nimetazepam). The box he found the black tape in also
contained Ziploc bags. Xiao Hu was Mui’s friend, and had loaned Mui money in
the past. On Xiao Hu’s recommendation, Mui started packing Erimin-5 tablets at
Xiao Hu’s place for additional cash. Mr Chua submits that the same roll of
black tape may have been used after that by a person other than Mui to pack
the diamorphine, explaining Mui’s DNA on one of the diamorphine bundles. He
also submits that Mui may have left his DNA on the Ziploc bags when he touched
them in the box, and these Ziploc bags were later used by someone else to pack
the diamorphine. Ms June Tang from the Health Sciences Authority, who prepared
the DNA reports, testified that it was a possibility, although she was unable
to comment on its likelihood.

15 The probative value of the DNA evidence has to be examined against the rest
of the evidence. The evidence that the prosecution has proved against Mui are
as follows. Tan, the courier, has identified Mui without hesitation or
qualification as the “Ah Jun” who had handed the “Jorano” bag to him (Tan).
His testimony that he and Mui were working in concert to deliver the drugs to
recipients in Singapore has been consistent with all his statements and also
the forensic evidence. The evidence from Tan’s phones shows that Tan and Mui
were in constant communication with each other on 20 and 21 February 2014. As
mentioned above, three phones were recovered from Tan. This included a Sony
Ericsson (marked “TKH-HP1”), Nokia (marked “TKH-HP2”) and Samsung (marked
“TKH-HP3”) phone. Tan stated that Mui’s number was +60146125901 (“the
Number”). This number is saved as “Ah Jun” (in Mandarin) on Tan’s Nokia and
Samsung phones. In his statement dated 24 February 2014, not long after his
arrest, Tan stated that Mui had called him on the night of 20 February 2014 to
tell Tan to collect the drugs the next day and Tan had called Mui in the early
hours of 21 February 2014 to ask where he should collect the drugs. This is
corroborated by the forensic report of Tan’s Samsung phone, which listed an
incoming call from the Number at 8.56pm on 20 February 2014 and an outgoing
call to the Number at 5.19am the next day.

16 Further, Tan gave evidence that upon reaching Singapore, he received
further instructions from Mui as to the contact numbers of the intended
recipients via text messages and proceeded to call them to arrange a meeting.
This is again reflected in the text messages exchanged between the Number and
Tan’s Nokia phone between 6.07am and 6.10am on 21 February 2014. Tan sent a
blank message to the Number at 6.07am. Text messages were then sent from the
Number to Tan’s phone. These messages included two Singaporean phone numbers,
with an instruction to “collect whatever amount given” and to “do a’s first”,
“A = 98944027” (later ascertained to be Low Johnnie’s phone number). Again,
the forensic report of Tan’s Sony Ericsson phone shows that calls were made to
both numbers at 6.47am and 7.14am Singapore time. The diamorphine bundles
which were later delivered to Low Johnnie were also marked “A”. It is clear
from this that Tan’s testimony implicating Mui, given a few days after his
arrest, is coherent, consistent and is corroborated by the available
circumstantial evidence.

17 The biggest difficulty with the forensic evidence thus far is that the
phone or the subscriber identity module card (“SIM card”) for the Number was
never recovered, from Mui or otherwise. Mr Chua points to this gap in the
evidence and argues that Mui is not the “Ah Jun” referred to in the contacts
of Tan’s phones. During trial, Mr Chua produced Mui’s school leaving
certificate. The Hanyu Pinyin translation of Mui’s name in this certificate
indicates that the last character in Mui’s name is “Qing” rather than “Jun”.
This hardly goes any way in helping Mui’s case. The question is not what Mui’s
name is on his school leaving certificate but what Tan knew him to be. Mui
then tried to offer another possibility for “Ah Jun” when he testified that he
had been helping one Xiao Hu with packing Erimin-5 tablets, and that he had
seen Tan at his (Xiao Hu’s) place. He had also seen the “Jorano” bag at Xiao
Hu’s place, although he had never touched it. Mui claims that the real name of
Xiao Hu was “Tan Jun Yi”. There is no independent evidence of Xiao Hu’s real
name, and I do not accept Mui’s bare assertion that there happened to be
another man involved in the drugs operation who was conveniently named “Tan
Jun Yi” and was the “Ah Jun” that Tan had been communicating with. Tan himself
testified that although he had dealt with another Chinese man, he had only
addressed this man as “lao ban”, and indicated his name with a comma in his
phone, as the Chinese man had never told him his name. Further, although
neither the SIM card nor the phone for the Number had been recovered, a Nokia
phone (marked “JJ-HP1”) with a SIM card bearing the number “60167604280” was
found on Mui on the day of his arrest. This number was saved in Tan’s Sony
Ericsson and Samsung phones as “Ah Jun” and “Ah Jun 1” (in Mandarin). This
shows that Mui was clearly known to Tan as “Ah Jun”.

18 The crunch came when Mui’s counsel took Mui to the contacts list stored in
the SIM card of Mui’s Nokia phone (marked “JJ-HP1”). The Number, without the
Malaysian “+60” prefix, was saved as a contact. His argument was presumably
that if Mui was the owner of the Number, it would not be saved in the contacts
list of one of his phones. Mui testified that the Number belonged to Xiao Hu
and was saved by Xiao Hu onto Mui’s phone. The name of the contact was a
Chinese character, “我”. Mui’s counsel spotted this and asked Mui what that
meant. Mui was a little more alert and tried to evade the point by saying that
“there is no meaning to [the character]”, but eventually, it was ascertained
at trial that the Chinese character “我” simply meant “I” or “me”. The clear
inference is that Mui had saved the Number in his Nokia phone, indicating that
the Number belonged to him. I accept the Prosecution’s explanation that Mui
owned at least three phones and needed to remind himself of the numbers that
he had. Mui claims that Xiao Hu had typed that into his (Mui’s) phone. Mui
also testified that Xiao Hu’s other number was saved as “Lao Ban 2”. That Xiao
Hu saved his number in Mui’s phone as “I” or “me” is patently absurd unless an
explanation is given. None was given

19 For completeness, Mr Chua also referred us to Mui’s phone records of his
Samsung phone (marked “JJ-HP3”). One “Akira Akimoto”, bearing the Number
(without the Malaysian “+60” prefix), is listed as a Facebook contact on this
phone, and there are Facebook messages within a group conversation from “Akira
Akimoto”. Mr Chua’s argument again is that if Mui owned the Number, it would
not be saved as a Facebook contact from which Mui was receiving messages. The
Facebook messages allegedly sent by Akira Akimoto were not translated for the
court and are thus of little assistance to Mui. As shown by the preceding
paragraphs, the evidential value of saved contacts in phones or social media
accounts, or forensic evidence in general, can only be appreciated if its full
context is provided to the court.

20 From the whole of his evidence, I find Mui’s defence to be untenable. It is
clear from all the evidence that Mui had passed Tan the drugs on the morning
of 21 February 2014. He further participated in the criminal act by sending
Tan text messages with instructions as to who the recipients were and how the
drugs were to be specifically allocated, with the intention that Tan would go
on to sell the drugs to the recipients and collect payment. Acting on this,
Tan went on to deliver the diamorphine bundles to Low Johnnie and was holding
on to the methamphetamine bundles for the next transaction, before he was
arrested. I am satisfied that the prosecution has proved its case beyond
reasonable doubt that Tan acted with Mui and with the common intention of them
both, trafficked in not less than 21.74g of diamorphine and was in possession
of not less than 323.7g of methamphetamine for the purposes of trafficking. I
therefore found them guilty as charged and convict them accordingly. I am
unable to find that Mui acted only as a courier. The evidence showed that he
was the packer and instruction giver.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Lau Wing Yum and Marcus Foo (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for prosecution;  
Wong Siew Hong and Favian Kang Kok Boon (Eldan Law LLP) for first accused;  
Wessing LLP), Ho Thian Huat (T H Ho Law Chambers) and Dew Wong (Dew Chambers)
for second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

