Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 305

Suit No 300 of 2013 (consolidated with Suit No 302 of 2013)

Between

LOUIS VUITTON MALLETIER

… Plaintiff

And

MEGASTAR SHIPPING PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

PT ALVENINDO SUKSES EKSPRESS

… Third Party

Suit No 306 of 2013

Between

GUCCIO GUCCI SPA

… Plaintiff

And

MEGASTAR SHIPPING PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

PT ALVENINDO SUKSES EKSPRESS

… Third Party

Suit No 310 of 2013 (consolidated with Suit No 311 of 2013)

Between

BURBERRY LIMITED

… Plaintiff

And

MEGASTAR SHIPPING PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

PT ALVENINDO SUKSES EKSPRESS

… Third Party

Suit No 322 of 2013

Between

HERMÈS INTERNATIONAL

… Plaintiff

And

MEGASTAR SHIPPING PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

PT ALVENINDO SUKSES EKSPRESS

… Third Party

Suit No 327 of 2013

Between

SANRIO COMPANY, LTD

… Plaintiff

And

MEGASTAR SHIPPING PTE LTD

… Defendant

And

PT ALVENINDO SUKSES EKSPRESS

… Third Party

Judgment

[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Infringement]

  
[Trade Marks and Trade Names] — [Border enforcement measures]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Louis Vuitton Malletier

  
v

  

Megastar Shipping Pte Ltd (PT Alvenindo Sukses Ekspress, third party) and
other suits

  

[2017] SGHC 305

High Court — Suit Nos 300, 306, 310, 322, 327 of 2013  
George Wei J  
13–14, 16, 20 March 2017; 17 April 2017  

24 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

George Wei J:

Introduction

1 These proceedings concern claims for trade mark infringement against a
freight forwarder, Megastar Shipping Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”). The claims
were brought by five registered trade mark proprietors (collectively, “the
Plaintiffs”) in the following suits: Suit No 300 of 2013 (consolidated with
Suit No 302 of 2013), Suit No 306 of 2013, Suit No 310 of 2013 (consolidated
with Suit No 311 of 2013) and Suit No 327 of 2013. The Defendant in turn
brought third-party proceedings against PT Alvenindo Sukses Ekspress (“the
Third Party”), an Indonesian company based in Batam.

2 In brief, the claims arise out of two shipments by which two containers
(“the Containers”) loaded with counterfeit goods were shipped from two ports
in China to Singapore, with the intention that they were to be sent on to the
Third Party in Batam. The Containers were intercepted by Singapore Customs and
detained, inspected and seized under the newly enhanced provisions for
“assistance by border authorities” set out in Part X of the Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”). Upon examination, the Containers were
discovered to contain merchandise bearing infringing trade marks (“the
Counterfeit Goods”). After seizure by Singapore Customs, the Plaintiffs
commenced proceedings for trade mark infringement against the Defendant,
alleging that the Defendant had imported the Counterfeit Goods into Singapore.
The Defendant denies importing the Counterfeit Goods into Singapore, and
asserts that even if the Counterfeit Goods had been imported into Singapore,
the Defendant is, in any case, not the importer.

3 At the heart of the dispute between the parties is the question of what
amounts to an act of import or export “under the sign”, and who is the
importer or exporter in the context of s 27 of the TMA – that is, in the
context of the substantive rights enjoyed by the registered trade mark
proprietor under the TMA. Put slightly differently, the question concerns the
relationship between the substantive right of the trade mark proprietor to
bring infringement proceedings where trade-marked goods are imported without
consent and the special border enforcement provisions on inspection, seizure
and detention of imports and exports of infringing and counterfeit goods
contained in the TMA. These enforcement measures in turn dovetail into the
general set of legislation and regulations on trade, Port of Singapore
operations (such as entry, landing, warehousing, and loading procedures) and
Customs control (especially on revenue matters such as import/export duties as
well as control of prohibited goods and the like). In short, does “import” and
“export” mean the same thing and is the identity of the “importer” and
“exporter” the same for both the substantive rights and the special border
enforcement provisions?

4 The questions arise in the specific context of goods being brought into the
port of Singapore where they were to be temporarily held pending transhipment
to another port in Batam, Indonesia. Distinctions can and are sometimes drawn
between (i) through transhipment; (ii) non-through transhipment; (iii) import
for re-export; and (iv) goods in transit. Whether these distinctions are just
labels of convenience or trade practice, or carry specific legal consequences,
depends very much on the context.

5 For example, it is not surprising to find there are many different
procedures, forms, and permit applications which may be applicable when goods
are sought to be brought into or out of Singapore, given the vast remit of the
Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”), Singapore Customs, and authorities
concerned with the regulation of imports and exports, as well as the different
circumstances under which goods may enter or leave Singapore. Someone
obviously must apply for the necessary permits, make the requisite
declarations, pay the required fees or charges and provide information which
may be required by the authorities. That person need not necessarily be the
shipper, consignor, consignee or the master of the vessel. The person may be
an agent of the shipper, consignor or consignee, often taking the form of a
freight forwarder. In some cases, perhaps many, forms or permit applications
issued by the relevant authorities will include a box or heading describing
the person submitting that form or application as an “importer” or “exporter”.
Against this backdrop, one of the questions that has arisen is whether and how
the Court should take account of the terminology used in such forms,
declarations and applications in deciding who is an “importer” or “exporter”
within the context of an alleged trade mark infringement.

Dramatis personae

6 The Plaintiffs comprise Louis Vuitton Malletier (“LV”), Guccio Gucci SPA
(“Gucci”), Burberry Limited (“Burberry”), Hermès International (“Hermès”) and
Sanrio Company Ltd (“Sanrio”). The Plaintiffs and the respective Suits
commenced by each of them are set out in the following Table:

Suit No| Plaintiff  
---|---  
HC/S 300/2013| LV  
HC/S 306/2013| Gucci  
HC/S 310/2013| Burberry  
HC/S 322/2013| Hermès  
HC/S 327/2013| Sanrio  
  
7 The Plaintiffs are the registered proprietors of numerous trade marks in
Singapore. These comprise word and device marks registered under multiple
classes under the TMA. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

PBOD Vol II, tabs 207–234; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) for Suit No
327/2013, para 4.

The Plaintiffs produce a wide variety of goods including bags, wallets,
purses, leather accessories and toys in respect of which the registered trade
marks are used.

8 The Defendant is a Singapore company which carries on the business of a
freight forwarder. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 6.

9 The Third Party, who did not appear or take any part in these proceedings,
is an Indonesian company based in Batam. The status of the Third Party was
never made entirely clear on the evidence, but the parties have proceeded on
the basis that the Third Party is itself a freight forwarder. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 3; Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017,
p 107 (lines 8–16).

The witnesses

10 Before delving into the facts, this may be a convenient juncture to
introduce the witnesses who gave evidence at trial, since I will refer to
their evidence in the course of describing the factual matrix. A total of
three witnesses testified for the Plaintiffs:

(a) Mr Francois Dubois (“Mr Dubois”), the managing director of STU, a firm in
Hong Kong specialising in assisting brand owners to investigate intellectual
property infringement. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

AEIC of Francois Dubois, paras 1 and 3.

Mr Dubois’ evidence was mainly concerned with investigations in Hong Kong and
Shenzhen on the companies named as the shippers in the relevant shipping
documents.

(b) Mr Chong Wei Hoong (“Mr Chong”), Assistant Head of the Operations
Management Branch of Singapore Customs. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 11(b).

Mr Chong’s evidence was primarily on the documentation required for shipment
of containers into Singapore where containers are to be carried out of
Singapore to a third country. Mr Chong was subpoenaed by the Plaintiff in HC/S
327/2013.

(c) Ms Chew Mui Ling (“Ms Chew”), an Executive Director of the Trade and
Customs & Indirect Tax Practice of KPMG Services Pte Ltd. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 11(c).

Ms Chew’s evidence was primarily on the standard documentation required for
shipment of containers into Singapore which containers are to be carried out
of Singapore to a third country.

11 The following three witnesses testified for the Defendant.

(a) Mr Chua Swee Teck (“Mr Chua”), a director of the Defendant. Mr Chua’s
evidence concerned the business of the Defendant, and its relationship with
the companies named as the shippers and the third party.

(b) Mr Aaron Cheong (“Mr Cheong”), an officer from Singapore Customs. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 12(b).

Mr Cheong’s evidence was primarily on the documentation required for shipment
of containers into Singapore which containers are to be carried out of
Singapore to a third country.

(c) John Iversen (“Mr Iversen”), the General Manager of special projects
(Asia) of C H Robinson Project Logistics Pte Ltd, a company owned by C H
Robinson Worldwide Inc. Mr Iversen is also a representative of C H Robinson
Freight Services (Singapore) Pte Ltd, a company that specialises in freight
forwarding services in Singapore. He is also a council member of the Singapore
Logistics Association. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 12(c).

Mr Iversen’s evidence was mainly concerned with the role and function of a
freight forwarder as well as the usual or standard practices relating to
knowledge or information as to the contents of a container in respect of which
a freight forwarder’s services are or have been engaged.

12 I note in passing the Defendant had engaged the services of Mr Schweiger
Martin Rainer Gabriel (“Mr Schweiger”), an European patent and trade mark
attorney and agent, to testify as to European law and legal materials on
border enforcement provisions. The intention was to call Mr Schweiger as an
expert witness. To this end, Mr Schweiger swore five affidavits of evidence-
in-chief (one for each Suit) which included Mr Schweiger’s expert report. The
Plaintiffs applied to strike out Mr Schweiger’s AEICs on the ground that his
expert report was “irrelevant” under O 41 r 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the Court. After hearing
counsel, I struck out the AEICs of Mr Schweiger. Whilst no issue was raised in
the submissions, it is convenient to stress that the competency and experience
of Mr Schweiger was not in issue. The sole question was whether an expert
opinion on the European Community’s treatment of similar provisions was
admissible as evidence in the case at hand.

Events leading to the dispute

13 Before turning to the background to this dispute, I highlight two points at
the outset: First, there was no dispute over the ownership, validity and
subsistence of the Plaintiffs’ trade marks. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 8.

14 Secondly, there was no dispute over the fact that the Counterfeit Goods did
infringe the Plaintiffs’ trade marks and moreover that they were counterfeits.
While a plethora of terms may be used in trade mark disputes to describe
infringing goods, counterfeit goods are a particularly egregious type of
infringing goods. Infringing goods are defined in s 3(2) of the TMA as
follows:

(2) Goods are “infringing goods”, in relation to a registered trade mark, if
they or their packaging bears a sign identical with or similar to that mark
and –

(a) the application of the sign to the goods or their packaging was an
infringement of the registered trade mark;

(b) the goods are proposed to be imported into Singapore, and the application
of the sign in Singapore to them or their packaging would be an infringement
of the registered trade mark; or

(c) the sign has otherwise been used in relation to the goods in such a way as
to infringe the registered trade mark.

15 Under s 3(5) of the TMA, counterfeit goods are infringing goods which bear
“counterfeit trade marks”. Section 3(6) of the TMA in turn defines a
“counterfeit trade mark” as a sign which is “identical” to or “so nearly
resembling the registered trade mark as to be calculated to deceive”, and
which is applied to goods without consent and “to falsely represent the goods
… to be the genuine goods …” of the trade mark proprietor. By the time of the
trial, the Defendant had accepted through its counsel that the Counterfeit
Goods were, indeed, counterfeit. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

PBOD Vol III, Tabs 249 to 253.

16 Turning now to the facts leading to this dispute, these will be summarised
below under headings which reflect the sequence of events.

Shipment of the goods from China to Singapore

17 It is unclear who the actual manufacturer of the Counterfeit Goods is, but
the identity of the actual manufacturer is immaterial. What is clear is that
the counterfeit goods came into Singapore in two shipments from ports in
China. The first shipment involved a container marked TRLU 5945619 (“the First
Container”) which was shipped on board the vessel APL LATVIA belonging to
American President Lines (“APL”). The second shipment concerned a container
marked GESU 5635375 (“the Second Container”) which was shipped on board the
vessel COSCO Napoli owned by Orient Overseas Container Line Limited (“OOCL”).
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 6.

18 On or around 28 March 2013, the Defendant received letters from the Third
Party, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

PBOD Vol 1, Tabs 12 and 69.

and emails from a Ms Susie Xu (“Ms Xu”), 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PBOD Vol 1, Tabs 16 and 67.

who appears to have been acting as an “agent” for the Third Party. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 75 (lines 20–22).

The letters requested the Defendant to arrange transhipment of the two
containers to Batam, setting out brief details of the incoming shipments and
identifying the name of the carrier and the vessel to be used for carriage to
Batam. The letters also contained undertakings to indemnify the Defendant
against all consequences and liabilities. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

PBOD Vol 1, Tabs 12 and 69.

The Defendant also received from the Third Party the sea waybills, commercial
invoices, packing lists and arrival notices in respect of both Containers.

19 With respect to the First Container, the sea waybill dated 28 March 2013
issued by APL stated that Shenzhen Huaguanshun Import and Export Limited Co
(“SHIEL”) was the shipper. The port of discharge and delivery was named as
Singapore. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCB, Tab 7.

Some other significant points to note about this sea waybill include the
following:

(a) The point and country of origin for the goods was stated to be “Chiwan,
GD, PRC”. This was also the port of loading.

(b) The sea waybill was marked “non-negotiable”.

(c) The goods were described as “household goods” and comprised 351 cartons.

(d) The container was sealed by the shipper. The sea waybill stated “shipper’s
load, stow and count”.

(e) The sea waybill was marked “freight prepaid.”

(f) The Defendant was named as the consignee and notify party.

20 The counterfeit goods found inside this container were of concern to LV,
Gucci, Burberry, Hermès, and Sanrio. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 6.

21 Apart from the sea waybill, the other relevant documents adduced in
evidence with respect to the First Container were: (a) the invoice; (b) the
packing list; and (c) the arrival notice:

(a) The invoice was dated 25 March 2013 and provided an address in Shenzhen,
China for SHIEL. Salient points to note about this invoice include the
following: 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCB, Tab 2.

(i) The Third Party was named as the consignee.

(ii) The products were listed under three categories: car accessories, fashion
items, and tools and hardware. As far as fashion items are concerned, the list
included: belts, handbags, travel bags, wallets, “bag shopping” and “bag
school”.

(b) The packing list also dated 25 March 2013 named the Third Party as the
consignee. The product descriptions are the same as in the invoice. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCB, Tab 1.

(c) The arrival notice dated 28 March 2013 provided that 1 April 2013 was the
expected date of arrival at Singapore. The Defendant was named as consignee
and notify party. The box headed “Onward Routing from Port of Discharge” was
left blank. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCB, Tab 3, p 16.

22 With respect to the Second Container, the sea waybill issued by OOCL dated
30 March 2013 stated that Zon Cen Trading Co Limited (“Zon Cen”) was the
shipper and the port of discharge and delivery was Singapore. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCB, Tab 32.

Some other significant points to note about this sea waybill include the
following:

(a) It was marked “non negotiable”.

(b) The goods were described as “household goods” and comprised 503 cartons.

(c) The container was sealed by the shipper and the sea waybill was endorsed
“shipper load and count”.

(d) The sea waybill was marked “Ocean Freight Prepaid” and “destination
charges collect per line tariff, and to be collected from the party who
lawfully demands delivery of the cargo”.

(e) The port of loading was Shekou, China.

(f) The Defendant was named as the consignee and notify party.

23 The counterfeit goods found inside this container concerned LV, Burberry
and Sanrio.

24 As with the First Container, the other relevant documents adduced in
evidence with respect to the Second Container were: (a) the invoice; (b) the
packing list; and (c) the arrival notice:

(a) The invoice dated 26 March 2013 provided an address in Hong Kong for Zon
Cen. Salient points on this invoice include the following: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

PCB, Tab 28.

(i) The Third Party was named as the consignee.

(ii) The products were listed under five categories: car accessories, computer
accessories, fashion items, household goods and tools and hardware. As far as
fashion items are concerned, the list included: belts, handbags, “bag
shopping”, school bags and wallets.

(b) The packing list also dated 26 March 2013 named the Third Party as the
consignee. The product descriptions match those in the invoice. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

PCB, Tab 27.

(c) The undated arrival notice provided 3 April 2013 as the expected date of
arrival in Singapore. The consignee and notify party was named as the
Defendant. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCB, Tab 30, p 87.

25 I pause to note Mr Dubois’ evidence concerning his unsuccessful attempts to
locate Zon Cen and SHIEL (“the Shippers”) at the addresses provided in the
invoices, as well as his unsuccessful attempts to communicate with the
Shippers by telephone. Not surprisingly, Mr Dubois’ conclusion was that Zon
Cen and SHIEL were not to be found at the addresses provided. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

AEIC of Francois Dubois, pp 5–7.

In his examination-in-chief, Mr Dubois added that in his experience as an
investigator of intellectual property infringement, shippers of counterfeit
goods often used fake names and addresses in the documents. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, p 63 (lines 4–9).

I have no reason to doubt his evidence.

26 It is common ground that the Defendant received the sea waybills and the
arrival notices in respect of both the Containers before the respective
vessels reached Singapore. Prior to receiving these documents, the Defendant
was not aware of any arrangements made for the shipment of the Containers to
Singapore. The unchallenged evidence of the Defendant’s director, Mr Chua, was
that the Defendant was neither involved in the packing of the Containers’
contents, nor the arrangements to ship the Containers from China to Singapore,
as these were either directly concluded between Zon Cen and SHIEL on the one
hand, and the Third Party and/or APL and OOCL (“the Carriers”) on the other.
27

##### Foot Note 27

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, para 9.

I thus accept that the Defendant was simply acting as the freight forwarder on
the instructions of the Third Party.

27 I note also that while the Third Party was named as the consignee in the
invoices and packing list, it is unclear who the actual or ultimate owner of
the goods is. As I have mentioned, the parties appear to have accepted that
the Third Party was itself a freight forwarder (see [9] above). There was a
suggestion from Counsel that the Third Party, after receiving the Counterfeit
Goods in Batam, would have sent them onwards to another party,. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 107, lines 17–18.

The Defendant’s response was that he was unsure. In short there was no
concrete evidence as to what would have happened to the Counterfeit Goods
after receipt by the Third Party.

Steps taken by the Defendant after receipt of the arrival notice

28 The sea carriage from China to Singapore was relatively short. Both
Containers were shipped on board their respective vessels on 28 March 2013
with expected arrival dates of 1 April 2013 and 3 April 2013 respectively. It
is clear that time was short and the Defendant had to act quickly on the
instructions that it had received. The vessels were very soon due to arrive in
Singapore. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 28 (lines 18–25).

29 Operations at the Port of Singapore are highly computerised through the
Portnet system operated by PSA. Users of the Portnet system include various
types of entities involved in the movement of containers in and out of
Singapore. Users are each assigned a unique “operator code”, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of John Iversen, para 21.

and have the right to access the Portnet system for the purpose of
synchronising operational processes between the various players in the
maritime service community, including carriers, the port authorities, and
freight forwarders. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Exhibit D252, p 254; AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, para 21.

Under this Portnet system, it would not ordinarily be necessary for the
freight forwarder in a transhipment case to take physical possession of the
containers or to even have sight of the containers. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, para 21.

Once the relevant instructions are entered into the system, PSA essentially
undertakes the necessary operations: the unloading of the containers,
placement into transhipment stacks (where appropriate) and the loading of the
containers on board the outward bound vessel. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 25 (lines 2–7).

30 In the present case, the Containers would have been under the control of
the Carriers as the vessels approached Singapore. Once the Defendant accepted
the appointment by the Third Party to arrange for transhipment to Batam, the
Defendant notified the carrier to declare “transhipment status” for the
container, and to transfer the “operator code” for the container from the
carrier to the Defendant. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 29 (lines 2–4); AEIC of Chua Swee Teck,
Tab 5.

Once this was done, the Defendant would then use the Portnet system to provide
the instructions as per the information that it had been provided by the Third
Party. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 35 (lines 7–18).

The letter of instructions from the Third Party provided details including the
identity of the carrier to be used to transport the containers to Batam, the
name of the vessel, and the port code. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PBOD Vol I, Tabs 12 and 69.

Using the Portnet system, the Defendant would be able to input such
information so that PSA could take the necessary operational steps.

31 The position taken by the Defendant as to its role can perhaps be described
as essentially “ministerial” or “quasi-ministerial” in nature. Once the
Defendant accepted the engagement, its role was simply to follow the
instructions of the Third Party. After all, it was the Third Party who
appointed the Defendant. The invoices and packing lists from SHIEL and Zon Cen
identified the Third Party in Batam as the consignee. To the question why the
goods were not simply shipped direct from ports in China to Batam, the
evidence, which I accept, is that larger container vessels would not be able
enter the port at Batam. The water depth was too shallow. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Certified Transcript, 14 March 2017, p 142 (lines 15–25)–p 143 (lines 1–5).

It was, for this reason, necessary to ship the goods to Singapore and to
arrange for on carriage of the sealed containers to Batam on smaller “feeder”
vessels or barges. Once the containers arrived in Batam, they were to be
received and unpacked by the Third Party. The empty containers would be
returned to Singapore as they belonged to the Carriers.

The inspection and seizure of the goods in Singapore

32 In the event, the containers were never sent out of Singapore to Batam as
intended. This was because immediately upon the containers being landed in
Singapore, the containers were inspected by Singapore Customs and the
Counterfeit Goods seized.

33 In the case of the First Container, Singapore Customs informed the
Defendant by email on 1 April 2013 at 5.32 pm that an inspection was to be
conducted of the container on 2 April 2013. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, p 32.

The Defendant was requested to make the arrangements to truck the container to
the place of inspection.

34 In the case of the Second Container, Singapore Customs informed the
Defendant by email on 3 April 2013 at 12.29 pm that an inspection was to be
conducted of the container on 4 April 2013. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, p 34.

The Defendant was again requested to make the arrangements to truck the
container to the place of inspection.

35 When the containers were opened by Singapore Customs, the contents were
found to include counterfeit trade-marked goods. The Counterfeit Goods were
seized by Singapore Customs. Upon completion of inspection, the Defendant was
asked to make arrangements to collect the containers and the unseized goods on
5 and 8 April 2013. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, pp 53–54.

36 After the Defendant informed the Third Party of the inspection notices, Ms
Xu by an email dated 3 April 2013 responded as follows: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, p 37.

Heard that 2nd container has been held by custom for check today?

  

Will this continues?

Please advise us how we could handling these matter.

if this continues, It will be a great loss for us.

We could provide any document needed.

All the shipment from China for Nini, suppose to transit only in Singapore. As
how we do it before, it is just a transhipment procedure.

Customs Good Declare should be done in Batam, where the unstuffing goods
happen.

…

37 The Defendant sent further emails to the Third Party dated 3 April 2013 and
5 April 2013, informing the Third Party of the seizure by Singapore Customs
under s 82 of the TMA. In both these emails, the Defendant stated the
following “Please advise your next course of actions [sic] in view that we are
only your agent in Singapore.” 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, pp 38, 40.

38 The Third Party responded inter alia by emailing to the Defendant powers of
attorney for the purpose of managing and organising the unseized goods from
the Containers to be shipped to Batam. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, pp 48–51.

The powers of attorney stated that the Third Party was the owner of the goods.
The Defendant responded by email to confirm the Third Party’s instructions to
combine the unseized cargo from both containers and to reship the unseized
goods to Batam. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, p 56.

After receipt of confirmation from the Third Party, it appears that the
unseized cargo were combined and sent to Batam.

39 The Plaintiffs commenced proceedings for trade mark infringement against
the Defendant between 9 April 2013 and 15 April 2013. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

See Writs of Summons in Suit No 300/2013 (9 April 2013), Suit No 306/2013 (10
April 2013), Suit No 310/2013 (10 April 2013), Suit No 322/2013 (12 April
2013), Suit No 327/2013 (15 April 2013).

The Defendant subsequently took out proceedings against the Third Party on 3
May, 7 May and 16 May 2013. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 319.

Upon receipt of the Third Party Notices, the Third Party appointed a Singapore
law firm. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, paras 37–38.

It appears that the only step taken by the Third Party’s lawyers in Singapore
was to request formal proof of the seizure by Singapore Customs. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, paras 39–40.

The Third Party has since refused or failed to take any further part in the
proceedings. The Third Party neither filed any defence nor led any evidence in
the proceedings.

The detention and the subsequent order for destruction

40 The goods were stored at a warehouse after the seizure. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Affidavit of Muthusamy Suresh (filed in Summons 1875/2013), 9 April 2013, para
14.

The Third Party was aware of the seizure and detention of the counterfeit
goods and made no attempt to seek release of the goods. After the Third Party
was given notice of the detention and impending destruction of the goods, an
order for destruction was granted. Samples of the seized goods were retained.

The parties’ cases

41 The Plaintiffs’ position was that the Defendant is liable for infringing
their respective trade marks under s 27(1) read with s 27(4)(c) of the TMA,
which provide as follows:

Acts amounting to infringement of registered trade mark

27.–(1) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of
the proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign which
is identical with the trade mark in relation to goods or services which are
identical with those for which it is registered.

…

(4) For the purposes of this section … a person uses a sign if, in particular,
he –

…

(c) imports or exports goods under the sign.

[emphasis added]

42 The Plaintiffs argued that transhipment of the Counterfeit Goods amounted
to “import[ing]” them, relying for this purpose on the decision of Trade
Facilities Pte Ltd and others v PP [1995] 2 SLR(R) 7 (“Trade Facilities”), and
s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 103–104.

43 According to the Plaintiffs, the only issue was who should be liable as the
“importer” under s 27(4)(c) of the TMA. It was argued that under s 93A of the
TMA, where goods in transit are consigned to a local consignee, the local
consignee is the importer. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 30–61.

As the local consignee, the Defendant had imported and/or intended to export
the Counterfeit Goods under the sign, and was thereby liable for trade mark
infringement. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, paras 102 et seq.

The Plaintiff also argued that whether the Defendant had knowledge that the
Containers contained counterfeit items was irrelevant, and it did not matter
whether the Defendant was actively involved or just a passive forwarding
agent. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 166.

44 The Defendant strenuously denied knowledge of the Counterfeit Goods (prior
to the seizure and inspection in Singapore), and argued that it was acting as
a “mere freight forwarder”, and not a trader of the Counterfeit Goods. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 94.

It was also argued that the true importers of the Counterfeit Goods were
either the Shippers or the Third Party, 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 130.

and that the Defendant itself could not be the importer. It was not involved
in the shipment of the goods from China to Singapore and thus had not caused
the entry of the Counterfeit Goods into Singapore. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 137.

The Defendant also maintained that it had not imported the goods under the
sign within the meaning of s 27 of the TMA because s 27 required a bringing of
goods bearing the marks into the territory for the “purpose of releasing those
goods into free circulation” within the jurisdiction. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 274.

Issues to be determined

45 Section 26 of the TMA provides the trade mark proprietor with the exclusive
right to use the trade mark. Section 27 provides that infringement arises if a
person without consent of the proprietor uses in the course of trade, inter
alia, a sign identical or similar to the registered trade marks in relation to
identical or similar goods for which the trade mark is registered (subject to
certain other requirements). Section 27(4) TMA then provides that a person
uses a sign if, in particular, he “imports or exports goods under the sign.”

46 The primary question was whether the Defendant was liable for importing or
exporting the Counterfeit Goods within the meaning of s 27(1) read with s
27(4)(c) of the TMA.

47 This in turn involved the determination of several legal issues:

(a) Whether the Counterfeit Goods had been imported into Singapore within the
meaning of s 27(4)(c) of the TMA.

(b) Whether the Defendant was the importer and was thereby liable for
infringement under ss 27(1) and 27(4)(c) of the TMA. It is in connection with
this issue that the Plaintiffs’ submissions focused heavily on the
relationship between the statutory provisions on infringement as set out in s
27 and the special provisions in Part X of the TMA on Assistance by Border
Authorities.

(c) Whether the Defendant was liable for exporting the Counterfeit Goods under
the sign.

48 Before I turn to the above issues, however, it may be helpful to first
discuss the evidence concerning the steps, procedures, and documents that
would be required to arrange for the transhipment of the Containers to Batam
(if the Counterfeit Goods had not been seized and detained), as well as the
relevant statutory backdrop.

The steps required to effect transhipment of the containers to Batam

49 Given the Defendant’s position that they were not the importer of the
containers or the goods inside the containers (see [44] above), both parties
led evidence concerning the applicable procedures, declarations and permits
under Port and customs rules required for facilitating transhipment of the
Containers to Batam (ie, the unloading of the Containers from the inbound
vessel, the subsequent transfer in sealed unopened condition and the loading
of the Containers on board a vessel bound for Batam).

50 The purpose of this was to shed light on whether a freight forwarder in the
position of the Defendant was treated as if it was an importer under the
applicable customs regulations or customs procedures. The evidence on this
included evidence concerning the steps and procedures taken in respect of the
prior shipment of a container in January 2013 (“the January Transaction”). 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, pp 5–7.

51 The January Transaction concerned a container shipped on board another
vessel belonging to APL from China to Singapore. A “non-negotiable sea
waybill” was issued by the carrier, showing SHIEL as the shipper and the
Defendant as the consignee and notify party in Singapore. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

AEIC Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 27.

As in the case of the two shipments in question, the goods were described as
“household goods.” 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 27.

The associated packing list and commercial invoice for the January Transaction
named the Third Party as the consignee in Batam. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 20.

The shipment was not subject to inspection by Singapore Customs. The container
was successfully sent on to Batam.

52 Evidence was given of a “container status” document extracted from Portnet.
According to a report prepared by Ms Chew, the document indicates that the
container was unloaded at Brani Terminal and moved to the point of loading at
Keppel Terminal. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 5 (para 2.1.4).

According to Ms Chew, the Portnet container status document indicated that the
shipment was designated as “re-export” and not “transshipment.” The
understanding of this witness was that the “container was for re-export and
was not a through transshipment or intended to be brought into the Singapore
market.” This witness also described the January Transaction as an example of
“non-through transshipment” or “an import for re-export.” 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 5 (para 2.1.5).

53 Evidence was also given of an ocean bill of lading for carriage of the
container from Singapore to Batam. The shipper/exporter was named as SHIEL.
The consignee was the Third Party in Batam. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 38.

The bill of lading was issued by the Defendant as agents for and on behalf of
the Master of the carrying vessel. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 38.

The carrying vessel, Winstar 38, is owned by Regional Shipping Line Ltd which
appears to be a company incorporated overseas. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 59 (lines 7–10).

According to Ms Chew, the January transaction was another example of a non-
through transhipment which involved an import and re-export process. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 6 (para 2.1.11).

Ms Chew’s opinion was also that, since the Defendant was named as the local
consignee in the sea waybill, the Defendant was the importer and the
subsequent re-exporter in the January Transaction, and not SHIEL. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 7 (para 2.1.11).

54 The question as to what permits are necessary for “non-through
transhipment” was examined at length. The Plaintiffs’ position was that a
cargo clearance permit for import to and re-export from Singapore under the
Singapore TradeNet system was necessary. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 127.

TradeNet is Singapore’s National Single Window for trade declaration. It
integrates import, export and transhipment documentation processing procedures
and formalities, enabling Singapore Customs and other regulatory authorities
to monitor the movement of goods and to enforce health, safety and other
regulatory requirements. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Exhibit XXI, p 65.

Access to the TradeNet system is only available to ACRA registered entities in
Singapore. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 12 (para 2.9.3).

The evidence was that the Third Party in Batam would not have been able to use
or access the TradeNet system.

55 In the case of the January transaction as well as the transactions
involving the First and Second Containers, Ms Chew’s evidence was that the
Defendant was the proper person to apply for a cargo clearance permit for the
import and re-export from Singapore. In her view, the proper permit was the
“In-non-payment” permit with the code “REX”. The cargo clearance permit
declarations, if properly filled out, would have identified the Defendant as
the importer and exporter. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

AEIC of Chew Mui Ling, Tab 1, p 12 (para 2.9.1).

The customs permit for the January 2013 transaction (if any) was not placed
before the Court.

56 In a similar vein, Mr Chong’s evidence was that a customs permit was needed
for the two shipments in question under Regulation 3(1) of the Regulation of
Imports and Exports Regulations (Cap 272A, Rg 1, 1999 Rev Ed) (“RIER”). Mr
Chong, it will be recalled, is an Assistant Head of Operations with the
operations management branch of Singapore Customs. Counsel for the Plaintiffs
had previously provided Singapore Customs through the Attorney-General’s
Chambers with a list of questions in connection with the proper procedures for
shipments such as those involving the Containers. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, pp 80 (lines 14–19); 103 (line 7)–105
(line 1).

In examination-in-chief, Mr Chong confirmed that the answers provided were
correct. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, p 82 (lines 18–20).

The gist of Mr Chong’s evidence was that an in-non-payment customs permit
under the code REX was needed, 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, pp 101 (lines 4–25) and 102 (lines 1–8)

since the Defendant was named as the local consignee under the sea waybill. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 126.

The permit required the name of the importer to be set out. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, p 102 (lines 17–19).

57 The Defendant also called a witness from Singapore Customs: Mr Aaron Cheong
(“Mr Cheong”). Mr Cheong was the customs officer who conducted the inspections
of both the First and Second Containers. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, pp 7 (lines 8–25) and 8 (lines 1–5).

Mr Cheong had expressed an earlier view to counsel for another trade mark
owner not involved in the present suits that the two shipments or transactions
involved transhipment with a local consignee and not an importer. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017 p 4 (lines 1–12); DBOD p 83.

The Defendant naturally relied on this to support its case that it was not, in
fact and in law, the importer of the goods inside the Containers. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 91.

58 Under cross-examination, Mr Cheong was questioned at length on his earlier
statement and in particular on whether he made the statement because of
confusion over the applicable statutory provisions within the TMA on
inspection and seizure. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, pp 23–27.

While Mr Cheong was unable to shed much light on why he made the statement,
what is significant is that he agreed that on the face of the sea waybills,
the Defendant was the importer. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 26 (lines 13–19).

The witness accepted under cross-examination that both Mr Chong and Ms Chui
Jia Min of Singapore Customs were of the view that permits were needed. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 26.

Nevertheless, when re-examined, Mr Cheong stood by his view that the
transactions involving the Containers were cases of transhipment and not cases
involving an “importer”. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 32 (lines 9–16).

59 I pause to note that Ms Chui Jia Min (“Ms Chui”) was an officer attached to
the Procedures and Systems Branch of Singapore Customs at the relevant time.
85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 129.

While Ms Chui was not called upon to give evidence, both the Customs Officers
called by the Plaintiffs and Defendant accepted that Ms Chui was experienced
in customs documentation and procedures. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Certified Transcript, 13 March 2017, p 123 (lines 6–10); Certified Transcript,
20 March 2017, p 30 (lines 12–25).

Evidence in the form of emails was placed before the Court wherein Ms Chui
stated that a customs clearance permit is required for all goods being
transhipped with a local consignee. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

PCB, Tab 50, p 138.

60 The long and short of the evidence from Singapore Customs is perhaps best
summarised as follows. Two customs employees (Mr Chong and Ms Chui) were of
the view that the Defendant was the importer and that customs procedures for
this type of “non-through transhipment” required the submission of permit
forms identifying the importer and exporter. This evidence was supported by
the testimony and report of Ms Chew. Even though the two shipments and
transactions and the documents revealed a case of “non-through transhipment”
with the ultimate destination of the goods being delivery to the Third Party
in Batam, the essence of the evidence of these witnesses was that the goods
had been imported into Singapore.

61 The position taken by Mr Cheong, on the other hand, appears to be more
nuanced. Mr Cheong accepted that under customs procedures, permit forms were
required and that, based on the sea waybill, the Defendant would be named as
the importer. That said, Mr Cheong was still of the view that the shipments
involved transhipment and not importation. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 32 (lines 9–16).

To be fair to this witness and indeed all the customs officers, the Court
notes the possibility that terms such as “import” and “export” can mean
different things in different pieces of legislation. For example, do these
words necessarily bear the same meaning when used (i) in respect of customs
regulations concerned with control of goods brought into and out of Singapore,
including the Port of Singapore and the confines of its free trade zones; and
(ii) in legislation setting out the exclusive rights of intellectual property
right owners in Singapore? This is a matter to which I shall return later in
the decision. The point I make now is that while Mr Cheong’s evidence was not
clear, it may be that in Mr Cheong’s mind, the Defendant was only to be named
as importer for the purposes of compliance with customs regulations on the
required forms.

The statutory backdrop

62 This is the first case which has raised the interplay between the rights of
trade mark owners to bring infringement proceedings and the border enforcement
provisions in Part X of the TMA on the interdiction of infringing goods that
flow through Singapore in the course of international trade. As such, it may
be helpful to set out some general points concerning the statutory backdrop
and history behind the provisions on assistance by border authorities.

63 The problem of international trade in infringing or counterfeit goods is
not new. Given the territorial nature of intellectual property rights, it is
not surprising that enforcing such rights may lead to tricky issues where the
international movement of goods is concerned. One area concerns parallel
imports or grey market imports and the doctrine of exhaustion of rights. The
other area concerns trade in infringing or counterfeit trade marked goods.

64 The present case concerns international trade in goods which have been
produced without the consent of the owner of the intellectual property rights
in the country of manufacture. The problems surrounding the enforcement of
intellectual property rights in this context are well known. Where infringing
goods are imported into a jurisdiction, intellectual property right owners in
that jurisdiction could of course attempt litigation (a) against the
manufacturers in the country or place of manufacture, or (b) against the
importers and traders in the country of importation, or the country where the
goods are intended to be released into the market for exploitation. Both
options, however, may present several obstacles.

65 Litigation against the manufacturers in the country or place of manufacture
may be problematic. In some cases, the country of manufacture might not even
have recognised or granted intellectual property rights over the subject
matter in question. In other cases, the goods may have been produced in
disregard for the intellectual property rights in the country or place of
manufacture. Some of these infringing goods may be released for sale or
exploitation in the country or place of manufacture; but often, and perhaps
increasingly so with the development of international trade, the infringing
goods are exported and sold in markets far removed from the country or place
or manufacture. Even if the intellectual property rights owner was keen to
litigate against the manufacturer, the first problem he might face will be to
identify and find the manufacturer. The multitude of small-time manufacturers
of counterfeit goods whose products find their way into international trade
make it problematic even for the most avid intellectual property rights owner
to mount effective litigation proceedings in the country of manufacture (see
generally Christopher Morcom, Ashley Roughton & Simon Malynicz, The Modern Law
of Trade Marks (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008) at paras 21.1–21.5).

66 Commencing litigation against the importers and traders in the country of
importation is also not without its difficulties. The jurisdictions where the
goods are intended to be released into the market may or may not have
effective intellectual property laws and enforcement policies.

67 It is broadly in this context that the desire for legal recourse at customs
“choke points” arises. If a consignment of counterfeit goods could be
interdicted at customs prior to the release into the domestic market, from the
perspective of the intellectual property right owner, the efficiency and
effectiveness of seizure is obvious, as compared to the alternative of
bringing numerous suits against traders in the domestic market distribution
network. Still more desirable would be interdiction at an intermediate port or
country through which the consignment passes during the course of shipment or
carriage. Indeed, a bulk shipment intended to be split into smaller parcels at
an intermediate port of carriage for release into the internal market of
several other countries is, from the perspective of the intellectual property
rights holder, best interdicted at the intermediate port simply for reasons of
costs and efficiency.

68 Given their utility, it is unsurprising that interdiction procedures have
long featured in many international agreements for the protection of
intellectual property. As will be seen below, Singapore’s own statutory
provisions on border enforcement measures have been shaped to a large extent
by such international agreements. What follows is an overview of the relevant
international agreements and how Singapore’s trade mark legislation has been
adapted in line with its international obligations.

The relevant international agreements

The Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property (1883)

69 For much of the 20th Century, the primary international agreements or
conventions on intellectual property rights comprised the Berne Convention for
the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works (9 September 1886), 1161 UNTS 30
and the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property (20 March
1883), 828 UNTS 205 (1883) (“the Paris Convention”). The provisions of the
Paris Convention suggest that the utility of interdiction as a response to the
problem of the international trade in counterfeit goods was already recognised
from an early stage. For example, Art 9 of the Paris Convention sets out
provisions relating to the seizure of goods unlawfully bearing a mark or trade
name. In particular, Art 9(1) provides that “[a]ll goods unlawfully bearing a
trademark or trade name shall be seized on importation into those countries of
the Union where such mark or trade name is entitled to legal protection.”
Article 9(5) states, however, that “[i]f the legislation of a country does not
permit seizure on importation, seizure shall be replaced by prohibition of
importation or seizure inside the country” [emphasis added]. Article 9(6) goes
on to provide that if a Contracting State does not permit seizure on
importation, or allow seizure within the country, then “until such time as the
legislation is modified accordingly, these measures shall be replaced by the
actions and remedies available in such cases to nationals under the law of
such country”.

70 It is clear the Paris Convention recognises the problem of goods in
transit. Whereas Arts 9(1), 9(5) and 9(6) stipulate the obligations of
Contracting States in relation to infringing goods which are imported, Art
9(4) provides that “[t]he authorities shall not be bound to effect seizure of
goods in transit.” Article 9(4) left it to Contracting States to determine
whether their national laws would permit seizure of goods in transit. The
Paris Convention recognised a distinction between imported goods and goods in
transit.

The TRIPS Agreement

71 In 1995, the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property
Rights (15 April 1994), 1869 UNTS 299 (1994) (“the TRIPS Agreement”) came into
force in Singapore. Part III, Section 4 sets “Special Requirements Related to
Border Measures”. Article 51 is entitled “Suspension of Release by Customs
Authorities”, and is concerned with the right holder who has valid grounds for
suspecting the importation of counterfeit trade mark goods may take place.
Member States are required to enable such a right holder to lodge an
application with competent authorities for the suspension by customs
authorities of release into free circulation.

72 Counterfeit goods are defined in Art 51 as meaning “any goods, including
packaging, bearing without authorization a trademark which is identical to the
trademark validly registered in respect of such goods, or which cannot be
distinguished in its essential aspect from such a trademark, and which thereby
infringes the rights of the owner of the trademark in question under the law
of the country of importation.”

73 Articles 52–55 set out provisions concerning the making of the application,
the provision of security, the giving of notice to the importer and applicant
of the suspension, and the duration of the suspension. In particular, Art 55
provides that the goods are to be released if the customs authorities have not
been informed within ten days of the applicant being served with notice of the
suspension that proceedings on the merits have been initiated by a party other
than the defendant.

74 I pause to note that under Art 51, where goods are suspended from release
into free circulation, this is done on the basis that the right holder had
valid grounds to suspect that importation of counterfeit trade mark goods was
going to take place. The fact that the customs authorities granted suspension
does not mean that infringement has been committed or was about to be
committed. It only means that the right holder must within a specified period
start proceedings on the merits of the case under the applicable trade mark
legislation conferring the substantive rights. Whether the right holder
succeeds in a claim for infringement is a question that can only be decided in
the substantive proceedings. Indeed, if the action fails there is provision in
Art 56 for the relevant authorities to order the right holder to pay
appropriate compensation to the importer, consignee and owner of the goods.

75 It should also be noted that footnote 12 to Art 51 clarifies that TRIPS
Member States are not required to apply the special provisions on border
measures to goods in transit.

76 Article 58 of the TRIPS Agreement relates to “Ex Officio Action” and
provides as follows:

Where Members require competent authorities to act upon their own initiative
and to suspend the release of goods in respect of which they have acquired
prima facie evidence that an intellectual property right is being infringed:

(a) the competent authorities may at any time seek from the right holder any
information that may assist them to exercise these powers;

(b) the importer and the right holder shall be promptly notified of the
suspension ...

(c) Members shall only exempt both public authorities and officials from
liability to appropriate remedial measures where actions are taken or intended
in good faith.

77 As noted by Carlos M Correa, Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property
Rights: A Commentary on the TRIPS Agreement (Oxford University Press, 2007) at
p 447, the TRIPS Agreement provisions on ex officio action are not mandatory.
Instead, it is only when a Member State chooses to introduce such measures
that it must comply with Art 58.

The United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement

78 The next major international agreement to shape Singapore’s trade mark
legislation was the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement (6 May 2003)
(“USSFTA”), which entered into force in 2004. Article 16.9 of the USSFTA is
entitled “Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights”. Articles
16.9.16–16.9.20 come under the heading “Special Requirements Related to Border
Measures Concerning the Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights”. Article
16.9.19 provides as follows:

19\. Each Party shall provide that its competent authorities may initiate
border measures ex officio, without the need for a formal complaint from a
private party or right holder. Such measures shall apply to shipments of
pirated and counterfeit goods imported into or exported out of a Party’s
territory, including shipments consigned to a local party. For transhipped
goods that are not consigned to a local party, each Party shall, upon request,
endeavor to examine such goods. For products transhipped through the territory
of a Party destined for the territory of the other Party, the former shall
cooperate to provide all available information to the latter Party to enable
effective enforcement against shipments of counterfeit or pirated goods. Each
Party shall ensure that it has the authority to undertake such cooperation in
response to a request by the other Party on counterfeit or pirated goods en
route to that other Party.

[emphasis added]

79 It is clear that one area of concern addressed by USSFTA was ex officio
inspection procedures. As noted, the TRIPS Agreement did not make mandatory a
system for ex officio action. Instead, what was required was that if ex
officio action was made available, the rules on such action had to comply with
Art 58. Article 16.9.19 of the USSFTA goes further than the TRIPS Agreement in
that it requires each State Party to establish a system whereby ex officio
measures may be conducted in respect of shipments of goods imported into or
exported out of that State Party’s territory, including shipments consigned to
a local party. Article 16.9.19 also envisions that certain border measures are
to be available in respect of transhipped goods that are not consigned to a
local party. In such a case, each Party shall, upon request, endeavor to
examine such goods. In the case where the goods are transhipped through the
territory of a State Party and are destined for the territory of the other
State Party, the focus is on obtaining “all available information” in order to
facilitate “effective enforcement”.

Singapore’s trade mark legislation

Prior to 1998

80 The first statutory law on trade marks in Singapore was the Trade Marks
Ordinance 1938 (“TMO 1938”), which later became the Trade Marks Act (Cap 206,
1970 Rev Ed) (“the old TMA”). The provisions of the TMO 1938 were closely
modelled on the UK’s Trade Marks Act 1938 (c 22) (UK) (“UK TMA 1938”).

81 The UK TMA 1938 did not contain any provisions on the seizure of imported
goods bearing false trade marks. While the problem of importation of goods
bearing false trade marks had been recognised in the UK, the statutory
measures created to address this problem were to be found in the Merchandise
Marks Act 1887 (50 & 51 Vict. c 28) (UK) (“UK MMA 1887”). However, the UK MMA
1887 was not concerned with setting up a statutory system for registering
trade marks and enforcing the rights of the trade mark owner. Instead, it was
concerned with the need for criminal offences, and for forfeiture and seizure
provisions to protect the public against what may loosely be termed as “false”
goods (see H Fletcher Moulton & P G Langdon-Davies, Butterworths Annotated
Legislation Service: Statutes Supplement No 83, The Law of Merchandise Marks
(Butterworth & Co (Publishers) Ltd, 1954) at p 1).

82 Like the UK TMA 1938, the TMO 1938 did not contain any provisions on the
seizure of imported goods bearing false trade marks. Indeed, even though the
old TMA was amended several times before its repeal in 1999, no specific
provisions were ever introduced concerning the detention, inspection and
seizure of counterfeit goods by the customs authorities.

The 1998 Trade Marks Act

83 The old TMA was repealed and replaced by the Trade Marks Act 1998 (No 46 of
1998) (“the 1998 TMA”) which commenced on 15 January 1999. The 1998 TMA was
passed to ensure Singapore’s compliance with the TRIPS Agreement. Extensive
provisions on border enforcement measures were set out in Part X of the 1998
TMA, modelled on the provisions in the TRIPS Agreement. The explanatory note
under the Fourth Schedule to the Trade Marks Bill 1998 (Bill No 42 of 1998)
states that Part X seeks to give effect to Section 4 of Part III of the TRIPS
Agreement (see [71] above). Section 82 of the 1998 TMA provided as follows:

Restriction of importation of infringing goods

82.–(1) A person may give the Director-General a written notice stating –

(a) that he is the proprietor of a registered trade mark or a licensee thereof
having the power to give such a notice;

(b) that, at a time and place specified in the notice, goods which, in
relation to the registered trade mark, are infringing goods are expected to be
imported for the purpose of trade; and

(c) that he objects to such importation.

…

(4) If –

(a) a notice has been given under this section in respect of a registered
trade mark;

(b) the notice has not lapsed or been revoked; and

(c) a person imports goods, not being goods in transit, which bear a sign
that, or whose packaging bear a sign that, in the opinion of an authorised
officer, is identical with or similar to the registered trade mark in
question,

an authorised officer may seize the goods.

[emphasis added]

84 As the Plaintiffs emphasise, 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 51.

s 82(4) of the 1998 TMA suggests that suspected counterfeit goods in transit
could not be seized under the border enforcement measures existing at the
time.

The Trade Marks (Amendment) Act 2004

85 The 1998 TMA was amended in 2004 via the Trade Marks (Amendment) Act 2004
(Act 20 of 2004). The amendments were passed inter alia to give effect to
Singapore’s obligations under the USSFTA (see [78]–[79] above). Speaking at
the Second Reading of the Amendment Bill, the Minister of Law, Prof S
Jayakumar made the following remarks (Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (15 June 2004) vol 78 at col 1113 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister
for Law):

The Bill also deals with border enforcement measures … [It] is not enough just
to put in place good legislation. There must be a suitable enforcement
environment. We will be making several amendments to enhance our border
enforcement measures. For example, clause 30 amends section 82 to make it
easier for the owner of a registered trade mark to rely on the enforcement
mechanism under section 82. The new section 93A will confer additional powers
on enforcement officers. Custom officers will be empowered to take immediate
action if they detect any counterfeit goods in the course of their duties.
These powers will be exercised judiciously by our enforcement authorities and
they will continue to work in close partnership with the rights holders.

[emphasis added]

86 For reasons that will become clear, the Plaintiffs emphasise the fact that
the 2004 amendments were intended to enhance border enforcement measures.

The current Trade Marks Act

87 The special provisions on assistance by border authorities are now to be
found in Part X of the TMA. What follows is a brief overview of the
provisions:

(1) Restriction of importation of infringing goods

88 Section 82 of the TMA sets out detailed provisions whereby the trade mark
proprietor or his licensee may give a written notice to the Director-General
of Customs (“the Director-General”) which (i) states that he is the proprietor
or licensee; (ii) states that goods in relation to the registered trade mark
which are infringing goods are expected to be imported; (iii) provides
sufficient information to identify the goods, to enable the Director-General
to ascertain when and where the goods are expected to be imported and to
satisfy the Director-General that the goods are infringing goods and (iv)
states that he objects to the importation.

89 It is noted that seizures effected under s 82 are based on applications by
the trade mark proprietor or the licensee. Customs officers do not have the
right to detain goods ex officio under these provisions.

90 Section 82(4)(c) of the TMA provides that during the currency of the
notice, an authorised officer may seize the goods if:

(c) a person imports goods, not being goods in transit, which bear a sign
that, or whose packaging bears a sign that, in the opinion of the authorised
officer, is identical or similar to the registered trade mark in question …

[emphasis added]

91 Section 85 of the TMA requires notice of the seizure to be given to the
importer and objector. Under s 85(2), the notice must state that the goods
will be released to the importer unless an infringement action in respect of
the goods is instituted by the objector within the period specified and gives
notice to the Director-General of that action.

92 Section 88 of the TMA sets out the situations in which the seized goods
will compulsorily be released to the importer. Under s 88(1), the seized goods
are released if within the specified period no infringement action has been
commenced. It follows that once goods are seized by customs authorities
pursuant to s 82 of the TMA, the objector must decide whether infringement
proceedings are to be commenced.

(2) Detention and examination: ex officio action

93 As mentioned, new provisions pertaining to border enforcement measures were
introduced in 2004 as a result of the USSFTA (see [85] above). These include a
new provision on ex officio action in the form of s 93A of the TMA. Section
93A(1) provides as follows:

93A.–(1) Notwithstanding section 82(4), any authorised officer may –

(a) detain any goods –

(i) that are imported into, or that are to be exported from, Singapore; and

(ii) that are not goods in transit, unless the goods are consigned to any
person with a commercial or physical presence in Singapore; or

(b) examine any goods, including goods in transit,

which he reasonably suspects are counterfeit goods in relation to a registered
trade mark.

94 The following points should be noted:

(a) Section 93A of the TMA is directed towards the detention of the goods as
opposed to seizure under the provisions summarised at [88]–[92] above.

(b) Under s 93A(1)(a), goods in transit cannot be detained unless they have
been consigned to a person who has commercial or physical presence in
Singapore (“a local consignee”). Where goods are in transit through Singapore
without any local consignee, the authorised officer only has the power to
examine the goods under s 93A(1)(b).

95 Where goods have been detained under s 93A(1)(a), the Director-General is
required by s 93A(2) to give notice as soon as practicable to the “importer,
exporter or consignee, as the case may be,” as well as the proprietor of the
registered trade mark. I pause here to note the specific reference to (i) the
importer; (ii) the exporter; and (iii) the consignee in s 93A(2). The point is
that it must follow that the local consignee is not necessarily also the
importer or exporter.

96 Under s 93A(3) of the TMA, the goods are to be released to the importer,
exporter or consignee unless, within the prescribed period, the proprietor of
the trade mark takes the following action:

(a) For goods imported into Singapore and which are not in transit, a notice
under s 82(1) of the TMA is provided together with the necessary documents,
information and security (s 93A(3)(a)).

(b) For goods that are to be exported from Singapore or goods in transit that
are consigned to a local consignee, (i) an action for infringement is
commenced, (ii) an order of court is served on the Director-General
authorising further detention of the goods and (iii) the required deposits are
furnished to the Director-General (s 93A(3)(b)).

97 The point to be made is that where goods are detained pursuant to ex
officio action, the consequences and steps that must be taken thereafter
depends on whether the goods are “that are imported into Singapore and are not
goods in transit”, or are goods “that are to be exported from Singapore or
goods in transit that are consigned to [a local consignee]”. In the present
case, the two shipments of counterfeit goods before this Court fall into the
latter category. Section 93A(3)(b)(ii) requires in such a case that the trade
mark proprietor serves on the Director-General an order of court authorising
the further detention of the goods.

98 Section 93A(5)(b) goes on to provide that where the Court has made an order
authorising further detention under s 93A(3)(b) (ie, for the further detention
of goods in transit consigned to a local consignee), ss 86, 87, and 89–93 of
the TMA are applicable “with the necessary modifications” to the further
detention of the goods. The provisions in ss 86, 87 and 89–93 of the TMA are
those which pertain to goods seized under s 82 of the TMA. However, by virtue
of s 93A(5)(b), they also apply when goods are detained or further detained
pursuant to s 93A(3)(b). This is subject, however, to the following
modifications in s 93A(5)(b):

(a) References to the objector become references to the proprietor of the
registered trade mark.

(b) References to importer become references to the exporter or consignee as
appropriate.

(c) References to the seized goods become references to detained goods.

(d) References to seizure become references to detention or further detention
of the goods.

(e) References to import or importation of goods become:

(i) In the case of goods to be exported from Singapore, as a reference to the
export of the goods;

(ii) In the case of goods in transit that are consigned to a person with a
commercial or physical presence in Singapore, as a reference to the import,
importation or export of the goods by the consignee.

99 I note that s 93A(5)(b)(v) provides that, in the case of goods in transit
consigned to a local consignee, references to import or importation are to be
read as a reference to the import, importation or export of the goods by the
consignee. This suggests that the local consignee of goods in transit is to be
regarded for the purpose of the inspection, release and forfeiture provisions
in ss 86, 87 and 89–93 TMA as the “importer”, as the Plaintiffs emphasise. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 40.

As will be seen, however, that does not mean that the local consignee is the
“importer” for the purpose of all of the provisions of the TMA.

(3) Interplay between seizure pursuant to an application and ex officio
detention

100 The provisions in s 82 of the TMA are concerned with seizure of goods by
customs pursuant to a notice given to the Director-General objecting to the
importation. The person giving the notice is the “objector” and the authorised
officer is empowered to “seize” the goods. It will be recalled that s 82(4)(c)
makes clear that the power to seize only arises where the goods are imported
into Singapore and are not goods in transit. Section 81 of the TMA sets out
the definitions relevant specifically to Part X of the TMA. The term “goods in
transit” is defined as “goods imported, whether or not landed or transhipped
within Singapore, which are to be carried to another country either by the
same or another conveyance”. So long as the goods are in transit, the seizure
provisions do not apply even if there is a local consignee and the goods are
landed or transhipped.

101 On the other hand, s 93A appears to have been enacted to address the
requirements of the USSFTA on ex officio procedures. These provisions are
concerned with detention and examination by customs authorities without any
necessity for an earlier application by an objector. The detention and
examination provisions in s 93A are different from the seizure provisions in s
82. The key differences are as follows:

(a) The powers under s 93A relate to detaining counterfeit goods as opposed to
seizing infringing goods.

(b) The powers under s 93A apply to imported goods as well as goods in
transit, provided that these are consigned to a person with a commercial or
physical presence in Singapore (a local consignee). However, where the goods
are in transit (but there is no local consignee), there is no power to detain.
There is, however, a power to examine.

(c) The power to detain also applies to goods to be exported from Singapore.

Other statutes

102 In the course of these proceedings, the issue of whether the Defendant is
an “importer” has been addressed by several different witnesses through the
lens of the various procedures, permit applications and forms which apply to
the movement of goods into and out of Singapore. It may thus be helpful to
provide an overview of two of the statutes governing this area: the Customs
Act (Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed), and the Regulation of Imports and Exports Act (Cap
272A, 1996 Rev Ed) (“RIEA”).

The Customs Act

103 The control of goods arriving in or entering into Singapore falls within
the Customs Act. Section 3(1) of the Customs Act contains the following
definitions:

“export” means to take or cause to be taken out of the customs territory by
any means or to place goods in any form of conveyance for the purpose of
taking the goods out of the customs territory by any means to any place
including a free trade zone; except that goods bona fide in transit, including
goods which have been transhipped, shall not be deemed to be exported unless
they are or become uncustomed goods;

…

“import” means to bring or cause to be brought into the customs territory by
any means from any place including a free trade zone; except that goods bona
fide in transit, including goods which have been taken into any free trade
zone from outside the customs territory or transhipped, shall not, for the
purpose of the levy of customs duties or excise duties, be deemed to be
imported unless they are or become uncustomed goods;

“importer” includes and applies to any owner or other person for the time
being possessed of or beneficially interested in any goods at and from the
time of importation thereof until the goods are duly removed from customs
control;

…

“in transit” means taken out or sent from any country and brought into
Singapore by land, sea or air (whether or not landed or transhipped in
Singapore) for the sole purpose of being carried to another country either by
the same or another conveyance;

…

“prohibited goods” means goods the import or export of which is prohibited,
either conditionally or absolutely, by notification made under section 38 or
by any other written law for the time being in force in Singapore;

104 While it is unnecessary to examine the substantive provisions of the
Customs Act, I make the following observations as part of the general backdrop
and context in which the detention, inspection and forfeiture provisions for
counterfeit trade marks now found in the 1998 TMA are to be assessed.

105 In brief, the Customs Act is essentially concerned with controlling goods
entering or passing through Singapore for the purposes of revenue matters
(import/export duties) and detection/interdiction of prohibited items.

106 Extensive provisions on levying and payment of duty and tax are set out in
Part III of the Customs Act. Section 12(1) sets out the power of the customs
officer to value, weigh, measure, test and examine any dutiable or uncustomed
goods for determining customs duty and excise.

107 Part IV of the Customs Act sets out detailed provisions on importation and
exportation. In brief:

(a) Section 31 provides that dutiable goods can only be imported, exported or
transhipped at authorised places.

(b) Section 33 prohibits import, export and transhipment of goods dutiable on
import unless done in accordance with applicable regulations and restrictions.

(c) Section 34 provides detailed requirements on permits for the removal of
dutiable goods from the vessel or authorised place at which the goods arrived,
as well as removal from the free trade zone in which the goods were deposited
or landed.

(d) Section 37 requires every importer or exporter of dutiable goods and every
person transhipping goods of a class dutiable on import to declare the
required particulars of the goods imported, exported or to be transhipped
before removing the goods from the vessel or the authorised place at which the
goods arrived, or from the free trade zone in which the goods were deposited
or landed.

108 Extensive provisions concerning these required permits, forms and
declarations are set out in the Customs Regulations (Cap 70, R 2, 2009 Rev
Ed). For example, reg 14(1) provides that “[t]he consignor of goods intended
for transhipment or his agent shall submit to the proper officer of customs a
declaration, in such form as the Director-General may require, of the goods to
be transhipped.” Regulation 15 sets out the customs declarations which may be
required for the various types of movement of dutiable goods in Singapore.

109 Turning back to the Customs Act, Part VI sets out detailed provisions on
warehousing. For example, s 60 states that dutiable goods arriving in
Singapore for transhipment and landed to await the arrival of the vessel in
which they are intended to be transhipped shall be landed and deposited in a
free trade zone. Part XIII contains detailed provisions on search, seizure and
arrest. These are essentially concerned with dutiable or uncustomed goods,
goods liable to forfeiture under the Customs Act, or goods as to which an
offence under the Customs Act has been committed (see s 101 Customs Act).
Section 110 of the Customs Act makes provision for the seizure of all goods in
respect of which there is reasonable cause to suspect that an offence or
breach has been committed under the Customs Act.

110 It is clear that the Customs Act is concerned with the movement of goods
into and out of Singapore including those which enter Singapore in the course
of transit to another destination. Section 3(2) of the Customs Act provides
that the goods shall be deemed to be under customs control while they are
deposited or held in any free trade zone, Government warehouse, licensed
warehouse, or bottling warehouse or post office or in any vessel, train,
vehicle or aircraft or any place from which they may not be removed except
with the permission of the proper officer of customs.

111 The provisions are focused on revenue collection in respect of dutiable
goods as well as the control of prohibited goods. The definitions of terms
such as “import”, “importer” and “export” must be seen in the context of these
goals. Permits must be applied for and declarations may be required. The short
point is that it does not necessarily follow that a person who is required to
apply for permits or to provide declarations under the Customs Act is
necessarily to be regarded as the importer under the Trade Marks Act. This is
a point that will be dealt with in more detail below.

Regulation of Imports and Exports Act 1995

112 The RIEA concerns regulation, registration and control of imports and
exports by the International Enterprise Singapore Board (“the Board”). Under s
3(1), the Board may make regulations for the registration and control of all
or any class of goods imported into, exported from, transhipped in, or in
transit through Singapore.

113 As with s 3 of the Customs Act, s 2 of the RIEA contains an extensive list
of definitions. For the purposes of this decision, it will suffice to note the
following definitions:

“export”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
take or cause to be taken out of Singapore by land, water or air and includes
the placing of any goods in a conveyance for the purpose of the goods being
taken out of Singapore but does not include the taking out from Singapore of
any goods on the same conveyance on which they were brought into Singapore
unless such goods after being brought into Singapore have been landed or
transhipped within Singapore;

…

“goods in transit” includes goods imported from a place outside Singapore for
the sole purpose of conveyance through Singapore to any place outside
Singapore;

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, water or air from any
place which is outside Singapore but does not include the bringing into
Singapore of goods which are to be taken out of Singapore on the same
conveyance on which they were brought into Singapore without any landing or
transhipment within Singapore;

…

“tranship” means to remove goods from one conveyance to another for the
purpose of export;

…

114 The definitions are similar but not identical to those in the Customs Act.
Take for example, the word “import.” Under s 3 of the Customs Act, this word
is defined as follows: “… to bring or cause to be brought into the customs
territory by any means from any place including a free trade zone…”. Goods
which are bona fide in transit, including goods which have been transhipped,
are not, for the purpose of the levy of customs duties, deemed to be imported
unless they are or become uncustomed goods.

115 On the other hand, under the RIEA, the word “import” is defined as
follows:

…to bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, water or air from any
place which is outside Singapore but does not include the bringing into
Singapore of goods which are to be taken out of Singapore on the same
conveyance on which they were brought into Singapore without any landing or
transhipment within Singapore.

[emphasis added]

116 For the purposes of the RIEA, “import” includes goods brought into and
transhipped within Singapore. It is only when the goods are brought in and out
of Singapore without any landing or transhipment that they are not to be
treated as imported.

117 Again, the point is that the same term may carry different meanings in
different legislation even though the pieces of legislation are all concerned
broadly with import and export of goods.

The TMA provisions relied on for the seizure of the goods

118 As I have mentioned, Singapore Customs gave notice of its intention to
inspect the First and Second Containers via emails on 1 April 2013 and 3 April
2013 respectively. The notices both explained that the inspections were to be
conducted in response to a request by LV to “shut-out” the container. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, pp 32 and 34.

Following the inspection, the goods were seized or detained by Singapore
Customs. As far as LV is concerned, it appears that the goods were seized
under s 82 of the TMA, 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

AEIC of Chua Swee Teck, pp 38 and 41.

after LV gave a notice that it objected to the importation of infringing goods
which it expected to be imported in the two containers. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

PBOD Vol II, Tabs 171–172.

However, as regards Burberry, Gucci, Hermès and Sanrio, the goods were
detained under s 93A(1)(a) of the TMA (ie, they were detained ex officio).

119 Upon inspection, goods bearing counterfeit trade marks of LV were
discovered together with other goods appearing to bear counterfeit trade marks
of Burberry, Gucci, Hermès, and Sanrio. The registered proprietors of the
trade marks were informed. As for LV, it was given the required notice under s
85(2) of the TMA to commence action within the prescribed period in respect of
the infringing goods, failing which the seized goods would be released. But in
the case of Burberry, Gucci, Hermès and Sanrio, a notice of detention was
given under s 93A(2) to the trade mark proprietors. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

PBOD Vol II, Tabs 173–177.

In accordance with s 93A(3)(b)(i), these trade mark proprietors were given
notice to commence proceedings for infringement failing which the detained
goods would be released.

120 While the basis of the notice to commence infringement proceedings was
different (s 85(2) as opposed to s 93A(3) of the TMA), the end result was
similar. Infringement actions under s 27 of the TMA were commenced against the
Defendant. The crucial issues or questions in respect of the infringement
actions are identical.

Decision and analysis

Were the Counterfeit Goods imported into Singapore within the meaning of s
27(4)(c) of the TMA?

The meaning of import

121 As I have mentioned, while s 27(4)(c) of the TMA provides that a person
uses a sign if he “imports or exports goods under the sign”, the TMA does not
set out a general definition of either “import” or “export”. That being so,
the starting point must be s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act, which provides,
in relevant part:

Interpretation of certain words and expressions

2.–(1) In this Act, and in every written law enacted before or after 28th
December 1965, the following words and expressions shall, without prejudice to
anything done prior to that date, have the meanings respectively assigned to
them unless there is something in the subject or context inconsistent with
such construction or unless it is therein otherwise expressly provided:

…

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea or air;

…

[emphasis added]

122 Since it is not “otherwise expressly provided” within the TMA, the above
construction of the word “import” will apply unless there is “something in the
subject or context inconsistent with such construction”.

123 In Trade Facilities at [55], Yong Pung How CJ held that there was nothing
in the subject or context of s 73 of the former Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992
Rev Ed) (“the 1992 TMA”) which required the use of the special meaning
assigned to the word “import” in the Customs Act. The appellants in that case
were convicted under s 73 of the 1992 TMA, which made it an offence for any
person to import any goods or thing to which a counterfeit trade mark was
applied. The subject matter of the conviction consisted of bottles of
counterfeit Hennessy XO cognac which were seized when they arrived in
Singapore via a shipment. Counsel for the appellants argued that the word
“import” in s 73 of the 1992 TMA should be read according to the meaning given
to that word in the Customs Act.

124 Yong CJ rejected this argument. He observed that even if there were “very
good policy reasons why Singapore should or should not police the transhipment
of goods bearing counterfeit trade marks or the like as they pass through
Singapore’s free trade zone”, this was a matter for Parliament to deal with.
For example, Parliament could expressly incorporate the narrower definition of
“import” in the Customs Act (at [55]). In the absence of such express
incorporation, there was no reason to construct “import” in s 73 of the 1992
TMA in accordance with the Customs Act.

125 That said, Yong CJ held that the meaning of “import” in s 73 of the 1992
TMA was not necessarily as wide as that provided for in s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act (at [56]). He reasoned that s 73 of the 1992 TMA was
clearly “directed at persons who deal in the course of business”, and not at
“the consumer who uses or merely possesses these goods” (at [57]). Thus, for
example, an individual who brought into Singapore a counterfeit handbag he had
purchased abroad would not have “imported” that handbag within the meaning of
s 73 of the 1992 TMA (at [56]). The concept of “importing” in s 73 of the 1992
TMA envisioned the bringing of goods or items into Singapore “for the purpose
of sale or for any purpose of trade or manufacture” (at [57]).

126 I agree with the holding in Trade Facilities. While s 73 of the 1992 TMA
was a penal provision, whereas s 27 of the TMA pertains to civil liability for
infringement, I find that there is also no reason to read into s 27 the
definitions of “import” in the Customs Act or the RIEA. This means that the
term “import” should be understood broadly in accordance with s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act – ie, “to bring or to cause to be brought into Singapore by
land, sea, or air”. This is, however, subject to the following qualifier: s
27(1) of the TMA deals with unauthorised use of a sign in the course of trade.

127 On the present facts, I find that the Containers and the Counterfeit Goods
found within were indeed imported into Singapore in the sense that they were
“brought into Singapore” by sea. I also note that the bringing of these goods
in transit through Singapore was clearly done “in the course of trade”.

Does “importing” under s 27(4)(c) of the TMA require that the goods be
intended for release for free circulation in the Singaporean market?

128 The Defendant has cited a number of English and European decisions
concerning whether, and in what circumstances, goods temporarily introduced
into a jurisdiction in transit to some other country are to be regarded as
“imported” for the purposes of trade mark law. The Defendant relies on these
cases to argue that, at least for the purpose of trade mark infringement,
goods are not “imported” unless they are brought into a territory for the
purpose of releasing those goods into free circulation within the
jurisdiction. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Defendant’s closing submissions, para 274.

129 As noted by the Court of Appeal in City Chain Stores (S) Pte Ltd v Louis
Vuitton Malletier [2010] 1 SLR 382 at [15], while decisions of the ECJ are not
binding in Singapore, they are relevant because s 27 of the TMA was taken from
s 10 of the Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (UK), which implemented the First
Council Directive 89/104/EEC of 21 December 1988 to approximate the laws of
the Member States relating to trade marks.

130 One of the decisions cited by the Defendant is the European Court of
Justice (“ECJ”) case of Class International BV v Colgate-Palmolive Company and
others, C-405/03, [2005] ECR 1-8735 (“Class International”) concerned a
container of genuine “Aquafresh” toothpaste shipped from South Africa to
Rotterdam in the Netherlands, where the goods were stored in a customs
warehouse. The container was detained by customs authorities on the
application of the trade mark proprietors. The claimant, Class International,
was the purchaser of the goods. It applied for the release of the goods and
damages. At the time the container was seized, it appeared that the claimant
had yet to determine the final destination for the goods. One possibility was
the goods might be on-sold and sent to a buyer outside of the European
Economic Area (“EEA”). Another possibility was the goods would be on-sold and
sent to buyers within the EEA (after the necessary customs clearance etc).

131 At the heart of the dispute was the clash or interplay between the
principle of free movement of goods within the European Community (“EC”), the
right to control entry of goods into the EC, the right of a registered trade
mark proprietor under EU law to prevent importation of goods bearing the trade
mark and the principle of exhaustion of rights.

132 At issue were the scope of the trade mark proprietor’s exclusive rights
under Art 5 of the First Council Directive 89/104/EEC of 21 December 1988
(“the Trade Marks Directive”) and Council Regulation (EC) No 40/94 of 20
December 1993 (“Regulation No 40/94”). Article 5(1) of the Trade Marks
Directive and Art 9(1) of Regulation No 40/94 both entitled registered trade
mark proprietors to prevent third parties not having his consent from “using
[signs identical and/or confusingly similar to the trade mark] in the course
of trade”. Article 5(3)(c) of the Trade Marks Directive and Art 9(2)(c) of
Regulation No 40/94 also provided that registered trade mark proprietors had
the right to prohibit third parties from “importing or exporting goods under
the sign”.

133 The Dutch courts referred, inter alia, the following question to the ECJ
(Class International at [22]):

(1) May the proprietor of a trade mark oppose the (direct or indirect)
introduction without his consent of goods from third countries, bearing a
trade mark within the meaning of [the Trade Marks Directive] and/or of
[Regulation No 40/94], into the territory of a Member State … in the context
of transit or transit trade as referred to below?

(2) Does “using a sign in the course of trade” within the meaning of the
opening words of Article 5(1) in conjunction with Article 5(3)(b) and (c) of
the [Trade Marks Directive] and the opening words of Article 9(1) in
conjunction with Article 9(2)(b) and (c) of [Regulation No 40/94] cover the
storing, in a customs office or warehouse within the territory of a Member
State, of original branded goods … which have not been imported into the EEA
by the trade mark proprietor or with his consent, which come from outside the
EEA and which have the customs status of non-Community goods […]?

134 The ECJ held that “importing” goods under Art 5 of the Trade Marks
Directive and Art 9 of Regulation No 40/94 required “introduction of those
goods into the [EC] for the purposes of putting them on the market therein”
(at [34]). The mere physical introduction of goods into the territory of the
Community was not “importing” within the meaning of Art 5(3)(c) of the Trade
Marks Directive and Art 9(2)(c) of Regulation No 40/94. It also did not
constitute “use in the course of trade” within the meaning of Art 5(1) and Art
9(1) of the Trade Marks Directive and Regulation No 40/94 respectively.

135 I note that the decision of the ECJ in Class International was
subsequently followed and applied in the UK by the Court of Appeal in Eli
Lilly and Company and another v 8PM Chemist Ltd [2008] EWCA Civ 24 (“8PM
Chemist”). In this case, genuine trade marked goods (medicines) sold in Turkey
were in the process of being shipped to buyers in the United States via the
UK. The medicines were packed inside boxes bearing the claimant’s trade marks.
These boxes were then placed inside an “anonymous brown box” which only bore
the patient’s name and address (8PM Chemist at [7]). Hundreds of these
anonymous brown boxes were then placed inside a larger box. The larger box was
then air-freighted to Slough in the UK where they were kept under customs
supervision. After the larger boxes were opened by the defendant’s employees,
the individual “anonymous brown box[es]” were removed, stamped and sent by
post to the USA. The individual boxes of medicines bearing the claimant’s
trade marks were never taken out or exposed in the UK. The goods were
processed duty free and were not released for circulation in the European
Union.

136 The Court of Appeal held that there was no infringement. Jacob LJ,
delivering the judgment of the Court, cited a previous ECJ decision, Arsenal
Football Club plc v Matthew Reed, C-206/01, [2002] ECR I-10273 for the
proposition that the essential function of a trade mark is to guarantee the
identity of origin of the marked goods or services to the consumer by enabling
him, without any possibility of confusion, to distinguish the goods or
services form others which have another origin. He then remarked at [22]:

Now the essential function of [the claimants’] European trade marks is in no
way jeopardised by 8PM’s activities. No one in Europe even sees the trade
marks. It is unlikely in those circumstances that there will be infringement.
…

137 Jacob LJ then reviewed the relevant ECJ decisions, including Class
International, and concluded that the “touchstone” was “no placing on the
market, no infringement” (at [46]).

138 Following the decision of the ECJ in Class International, the Court of
Appeal in 8PM Chemist held that the trade marked goods were never released
into free circulation and used in the course of trade in the UK or the EU. It
followed that they had not been imported. The Court rejected the “quixotic”
argument that even if the goods had not been “imported”, they were or would
have been exported (at [43]).

139 Another decision cited by the Defendant was the judgment of the ECJ in
Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV v Lucheng Meijing Industrial Company Ltd
and others, Nokia Corporation v Her Majesty’s Commissioners of Revenue and
Customs, Joined Cases C-446/09 and C-495/09, ECLI:EU:C:2011 (“Philips and
Nokia”). I will not go into the details of this decision. In brief, references
were made to the ECJ from Belgium and UK courts in respect of the legal
position of goods originating outside of the EC and which were seized by
customs in Belgium and the UK whilst in transit to destinations outside the
EC. The ECJ stated that the question was whether certain imitation goods
coming from a non-Member State could be classified as counterfeit or pirated
goods under the applicable EC regulations on intellectual property border
enforcement and customs interdiction procedures, based only on the fact that
they were brought into the customs territory of the EU without being released
for free circulation there (Philips and Nokia at [49]). After a detailed
review, the ECJ held that in order for goods in transit to be classified as
counterfeit or pirated under the applicable EC regulations on intellectual
property border enforcement and customs interdiction procedures, it was
necessary to show that they were intended to be “the subject of a commercial
act directed at European Union consumers, such as a sale, offer for sale or
advertising” (Philips and Nokia at [56]–[57]).

140 The Defendant, in the case at hand, raised the point that the Counterfeit
Goods were loaded inside sealed containers and, but for the inspection in
Singapore, would never have been exposed to view in Singapore. There is a
superficial attraction to this argument. The Singapore courts, like the ECJ,
have held that the essential function of a trade mark is to guarantee the
origin of the origin of goods and services (Société des Produits Nestlé SA and
another v Petra Foods Ltd and another [2017] 1 SLR 35 at [38]). That being so,
the question might be raised as to whether there could be an “import” or a
“use in the course of trade” or, more generally, liability for infringement if
the trade marks were never exposed to the market.

141 As noted above, the trade mark proprietor in Singapore enjoys the
exclusive right under s 27(4)(c) to import or export goods “under the sign.”
The exclusive rights under the UK Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (UK) (“UK TMA
1994”) and under the Trade Mark Directive and Regulation No 40/94 are couched
in similar terms. It was in this context that the UK Court of Appeal in 8PM
Chemist stated that even though no one in Europe sees the trade marks
“[n]onetheless one must ask whether there is a use of the marks ‘in the course
of trade’”, and more specifically whether there was an “import” or “export”
such as to infringe the UK Trade Marks Act (at [22]).

142 In the end, however, I have come to the view that the term “import” in s
27(4)(c) of the TMA does not require that the goods must be intended for free
circulation in the Singapore market. The leading decision in Singapore on the
meaning of “import” under trade mark legislation remains Trade Facilities.
Even though the ECJ cases discussed above have come to a different conclusion,
I would not follow those decisions for the following reasons.

143 First, the structure and language of s 27(4) of the TMA militates against
reading into the term “import” any requirement that goods be intended for free
circulation in the Singapore market. I note that s 27(4)(b) and s 27(4)(c) of
the TMA provide as follows:

(4) For the purposes of this section and sections 28, 29 and 31, a person uses
a sign if, in particular, he –

(a) …

(b) offers or exposes goods for sale, puts them on the market or stocks them
for those purposes under the sign;

(c) imports or exports goods under the sign;

…

[emphasis added]

In my view, if Parliament had intended that the term “import” should require
not only a physical bringing of goods into Singapore but also that they be
intended for sale or circulation in the Singapore market, it would have been
all too easy to include express words to that effect, as was done in s
27(4)(b). Further, s 27(4)(b) already specifies that using a sign encompasses
both “put[ting] [goods] on the market” and “stocking them for those purposes”.
To read into the term “import”, a requirement that the goods be intended for
sale or circulation into the Singapore market would, at the very least, create
a significant overlap between s 27(4)(b) and s 27(4)(c) of the TMA.

144 Secondly, the ECJ position that goods are only imported into a Member
State of the EU if they were intended for release into free circulation in
that Member State or another Member State was heavily driven by considerations
concerning the free movement of goods and the exhaustion of rights. The
principle of exhaustion essentially stipulates that once intellectual property
protected goods are placed into a first market by or with the consent of the
right holder, the intellectual property rights in respect of those goods are
exhausted. Within the EC, the principle of exhaustion of rights plays a vital
role in supporting the core EC objective of free movement of goods and
services within the EC. Viewed through the lens of exhaustion of rights and
free movement of goods, the intellectual property owner’s rights to prevent
importation are concerned with the initial or first entry of the goods into a
Member State of the EC. Once that has occurred, the right holder is not
permitted to assert his rights to prevent further dealings such as sales or
movement within the EC. It is on this basis that the ECJ held that goods are
only to be regarded as imported if they have entered into the territory of a
Member State for the purpose of free circulation in that Member State or
another Member State. As will be seen, there are English decisions involving
patents and trade marks where goods brought into the UK for transhipment to
other destinations were nevertheless treated as having been imported into the
UK (see [152]–[171] below).

145 Thirdly, I agree with the Plaintiffs that the effect of the ECJ decision
in Philips and Nokia was to significantly raise the bar for owners of
intellectual property rights who desire to take action against goods in
transit. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Plaintiffs closing submissions, para 74.

The decision is, in any event, now subject to changes introduced by Regulation
(EU) 2015/2424 of 16 December 2015 (“the 2015 Regulations”) and Directive
2015/2436 of 16 December 2015 (“the 2015 Directive”). In brief, under the 2015
Regulations and the 2015 Directive, trade mark proprietors now have the right
to prevent third parties from bringing infringing goods, in the course of
trade, into the European Union without being released for free circulation
there (see, for example, Reg 11 of the 2015 Regulations).

146 To recapitulate, I find that the term “import” in s 27(4)(c) of the TMA
bears the meaning given to that term under s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act –
ie, to bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land sea or air –
subject to the limitation that “import[ing]” will not give rise to liability
for infringement if it is not done “in the course of trade” (see [126] above).
I have found that the Counterfeit Goods were “import[ed]” into Singapore
within the meaning of s 27(4)(c) of the TMA, and that this was done “in the
course of trade”. That does not, however, mean that the Defendant is liable
for infringement. The question is whether the Defendant was the importer of
the Counterfeit Goods.

Was the Defendant the importer?

The relevance of the terminology used in the relevant permit declarations

147 I have mentioned Ms Chew’s evidence that the relevant cargo clearance
permit declarations, if properly filled out, would have identified the
Defendant as the importer and exporter (see [55] above). I have also mentioned
Mr Cheong’s view that this was a case involving transhipment and not a case
involving an “importer” (see [57] above). I should state at the outset that
the fact that the Defendant would have been named as the importer or indeed
the exporter in the relevant permits and declarations required by customs or
port authorities says nothing about whether the Defendant is liable for
trademark infringement under s 27 of the TMA. So, too, Mr Cheong’s view that
the Defendant did not import the goods is of limited assistance. I have made
the point that the definition of terms such as “import” and “export” and
“exporter” varies across the various statutes, including the Customs Act and
the RIEA. The views of witnesses such as Ms Chew, Mr Cheong and the other
customs officers must be taken in that light.

The argument based on s 93A(5)(b)(v)of the TMA

148 Section 93A of the TMA (enacted to address the requirements of the USSFTA
on ex officio procedures) is concerned with detention and examination by
customs authorities. The power extends to goods that are imported into, or
that are to be exported from Singapore, and goods in transit provided that
these are consigned to a local consignee.

149 As I have mentioned, s 93A(5)(b)(v) of the TMA provides that, in the case
of goods in transit consigned to a local consignee, references to import or
importation are to be read as a reference to the import, importation or export
of the goods by the consignee for the purposes of ss 86, 87 and 89–93 of the
TMA. The Plaintiffs take the position that this supports the case that the
Defendant is the importer and would have been the exporter but for the seizure
and detention by Singapore Customs. While this is attractive at first sight,
on closer examination I am unable to accept the submission.

150 The effect of s 93A(5)(b)(v) of the TMA is that the local consignee of
goods in transit is to be regarded for the purposes of applying those
provisions as the importer. It does not mean that he must be regarded as the
importer for all purposes, such as for deciding whether he is the importer in
an infringement action under s 27.

151 That conclusion is supported by s 93A(2) of the TMA, under which notice
must be given to the importer, exporter or consignee of the goods. The
reference to “importer, exporter or consignee, as the case may be, of the
detained goods” [emphasis added] suggests that a consignee is not necessarily
the importer or exporter.

The case law

152 I now turn to the case law and commentaries. A large number of English and
European authorities was cited by the Parties. The discussion will be confined
to the principal cases.

153 The first decision is that of Oliver J in Smith, Kline and French
Laboratories Ltd v R.D. Harbottle (Mercantile) Ltd and others [1980] RPC 363
(“SKF”). In this case, the UK patent was over a medicinal product. The first
defendant (“D1”), a UK company, entered into an arrangement with a company (X)
to supply the drug to Nigeria. To this end, D1 placed an order with the third
defendant, an Italian company (“D3”), for D3 to supply 20kg of the drug on cif
terms. The consignment was transported to the UK by the second defendant,
British Airways (“D2”). The airway bill, which was not a document of title,
named D1 as the consignees and D3 as the consignor and shipper.

154 The goods arrived at Heathrow Airport and placed in D2’s bonded warehouse.
Problems quickly arose. First, X had not made the required payment to D1. As a
result, D1 wished to return the goods to D3. In the meantime, the plaintiffs
(owners of the UK patent) obtained an ex parte order against D1 for delivery
up of the goods on the basis that D1 was liable for infringing the patent.
Problems and disputes quickly followed over delivery up of the goods which
were in D2’s custody as well as liability for warehouse charges and related
matters. The plaintiffs added D2 as a defendant. D2 now found itself in an
unenviable position as the warehouseman in possession and facing conflicting
claims: a claim for delivery up by the Plaintiffs and an apparent claim for
delivery up by D1. As a result, D2 commenced a motion for interpleader. By the
time the matter was heard by Oliver J, D1, while disputing certain reliefs,
had admitted infringement. D3 had also admitted infringement as a result of
having for a short time constructive possession of the goods at Heathrow.

155 What remained was the question whether D2 was also liable for patent
infringement under s 60(1)(a) of the Patents Act 1977 (c 37) (UK) on the basis
(i) as the carrier it had imported the patented goods; and (ii) as the
warehouseman had kept the patented goods at their bonded warehouse (see SKF at
370). Section 60(1)(a) provided that a patent would be infringed, inter alia,
by any person who imports or keeps the product whether for disposal or
otherwise. Resolution of this issue was necessary for the determination of the
appropriate cost orders.

156 It bears underscoring that the case, as originally framed, included the
claim that a carrier brings the patented product into UK, was ipso facto an
infringer because he had imported the goods into UK. It did not matter that he
did not know the goods were patented. This claim was subsequently abandoned.
The case against D2 proceeded before Oliver J simply on the basis that the
carrier had been “keep[ing]” the patented product as a warehouseman (see SKF
at 371). It is not necessary to examine this aspect of the decision. It
suffices to note that the claim against D2 failed.

157 In the end, D1 and D3 were found liable for infringing the UK patent by
participating in the importation of the drug. D1 was the UK buyer of the drugs
on cif terms from D3 in Italy. D1 was the consignee and D3 was the shipper
named in the airway bill. D3 as the consignor had a right of disposal or
stoppage in transitu under the terms under which D2 was carrying the goods.

158 Even though SKF concerned patent infringement (and not registered trade
marks), there are several points which are relevant to the case at hand.

159 First, it may be thought that SKF supports the view that so far as the
exclusive rights of intellectual property holders are concerned, importation
includes the situation where goods enter jurisdiction and are temporarily
stored or kept at a custom-bonded warehouse awaiting on-carriage to another
country. Indeed, Oliver J commented at 366 that the conception that
importation from abroad of a substance made in accordance with the patent and
re-exported to Nigeria without clearing UK customs was not patent infringement
was “quite wrong[].”

160 Secondly, SKF also demonstrates the care which must be taken when
identifying the importer. Even if entry into the UK for on-carriage elsewhere
is an act of importation, the question remains: who is the actual importer?
The initial claim that D2, the carrier, was the importer or joint importer was
abandoned. The Defendant, in the present case, would doubtless submit that the
abandonment was completely justified as a matter of law. The carrier, as a
mere transporter and bailee in possession, is not the “importer” at least for
the purposes of the substantive rights. If a carrier is held to be an importer
or a joint importer simply because the goods were transitorily under their
control in circumstances when he has no knowledge of the relevant intellectual
property rights and the consignment, the consequences would be far reaching
indeed. The same is true of freight forwarders. On this, the evidence of Mr
Iverson bears underscoring. A freight forwarder who deals with a number of
agents or many agents worldwide will not know who the agents’ importers
(clients/customers) are. 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 99 (lines 18–25) and p 100 (lines
1–17).

The evidence is clear. During a working day, the Defendant as freight
forwarder might deal with some 150 to 200 containers. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 110 (lines 2–6).

It is well-known the volume of container traffic, whether inbound, awaiting
transhipment or out bound Singapore is very substantial. Some in-bound
shipments may involve a long sea transit from the load port. Other in-bound
shipments, as in the case at hand, will be from load ports only a few days
sailing time from Singapore. The circumstances are varied. Time will often be
short.

161 Even though SKF is a UK decision under the Patents Act 1977, I find that
the principles discussed helpful and provide persuasive support for the view
that the Defendant, in the case at hand, is not liable as the importer under s
27 TMA.

162 Whilst the Defendant was named as the consignee and notify party in the
sea waybills, the Defendant’s position is rather different from D1 and D3 in
SKF. In that case, D3 was the shipper and consignor of the goods carried to
UK. D1 was the UK buyer and consignee of the goods under a cif contract. It
was D1 as buyer and D3 as seller who had interests in the property in the
goods. The control that D2 had over the goods was transitory and flowed from
its role as carrier and warehouseman.

163 In the present case, the Shippers were both the shippers and consignors.
The goods were destined for Batam where the Third Party was named as the
consignee in the invoices. The relationship between the Shippers and the Third
Party was never made clear in the evidence. Nevertheless, based on the
documents and evidence, it is apparent that the only persons who were
interested in the property in the goods were the Shippers and Third Party. I
note the evidence of the Defendant’s expert, Mr Iverson, that the Defendant
was likely dealing with the Third Party who was also an agent/freight
forwarder. The Third Party may not have been the final consignee. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 99 (lines 18–25) and p 100 (lines
1–17).

In the end, while there is evidence that the Defendant dealt with or acted on
the instructions of the Third Party in previous transactions, 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 47 (lines 2–9) and p 106 (lines 23–25).

there was no evidence as to who (if any) the Third Party may have had
obligations to in Indonesia or elsewhere in respect of the seized/detained
goods.

164 In Nobel’s Explosives Company v Jones, Scott & Co (1881) 17 Ch D 721 (CA),
(1882) 8 App Cas 5 (HL) (“Nobel’s Explosives”), a patent was granted in the UK
over a process for manufacturing an explosive. A quantity of the explosive
made abroad by the patented process was brought into the UK for the purposes
of transhipment for exportation. The goods were landed in the UK and stored
pending transhipment. The defendants acted as customs house agents for the
foreign manufacturer (“K”) and undertook the tasks of landing and storing the
goods. On the facts, K manufactured the goods in Cologne. The goods were
consigned to K by themselves. The bill of lading was made out to K or their
assigns. The defendants as customs house agents for K simply filled out the
necessary documents to obtain a discharge order or warrant for discharge from
the ship. The steps necessary were to ascertain whether any duty was payable,
to obtain the necessary licences for landing of explosive articles and to
obtain the landing order.

165 The Court of Appeal (whose decision in Nobel’s Explosives Company v Jones,
Scott & Co (1881) 17 Ch D 721 (“Nobel’s Explosives CA”) was upheld on appeal)
decided that while K was the importer it could not be said that the defendants
had as customs house agents assisted in such a manner as to be liable on the
basis that they had enabled K to commit patent infringement. James LJ held
(Nobel’s Explosives CA at 743) that it would be “a most injurious
encouragement to idle and vexatious litigation” if any person who had anything
to do either directly or indirectly with the means by which infringing goods
get from one place to another was liable in an action at law.

166 Nobel’s Explosives was decided at a time when the exclusive rights of the
patentee were still defined by reference to the terms of Letters Patent issued
by way of royal prerogative. The grantee was provided with the exclusive right
to “make, use, exercise and vend the said invention” within the UK.

167 Despite its venerable age and different legislative context, the decision
is still significant for two reasons. First, it accepts that where goods enter
the UK for purposes of transhipment to a third country, the goods can be
treated as “imported” for patent and trade mark purposes even if they were not
intended for release into the UK market. Secondly, an agent for the importer
who provides some services in the UK in respect of the transhipment process
such as filling out the necessary customs forms does not thereby become a
joint importer. The agent, on the facts, was not the importer. Neither was he
liable for providing assistance to the importer. The significance of the last
point is that it is well established that an individual who shares a common
design with a tortfeasor to commit a tort and who participates by performing
an act in furtherance of that common design, is liable as a joint tortfeasor
in conspiracy.

168 Unsurprisingly, the Defendant cites and relies on Nobel’s Explosives to
support its position that, as the freight forwarder, the Defendant was not the
importer or liable on the basis that it had taken steps to facilitate the
intended transhipment process. Of course, unlike the customs house agent in
Nobel’s Explosives, the Defendant in the present case was named as the
consignee in the sea waybills. For reasons that I discuss below, however, it
is not easy to see why that should make any difference.

169 In particular, the goods were inside sealed containers. There was no
evidence at all that the Defendant had a common design with the importer to
infringe. The steps required of the Defendant were largely concerned with
documentation and entry of the necessary details into the Portnet system. The
transhipment process did not entail the Defendant taking physical possession
or control of the containers or their contents.

170 The Defendant also cited the decision of the House of Lords in Sabaf SpA v
MFI Furniture Centres Ltd and another [2004] UKHL 45 in support of its case
that it is not the importer. This case involved a consignment of goods made in
Italy by X and which had been sold to MFI, a buyer in the UK. The goods were
protected by a patent in the UK but not in Italy. The question arose as to
whether X was liable on the basis that it had imported the goods into UK.
Under the sales agreement, title and property in the goods passed to MFI in
Italy. MFI arranged for transportation to the UK. Subsequently, X arranged for
carriage to the UK at MFI’s request. The carriage contract was made by X for
and on behalf of MFI. If there had been short delivery by the carrier, the
proper person to sue was MFI. On this basis, it was held that MFI was the
importer and not X.

171 In coming to this decision, the Court distinguished the trade mark case of
Waterford Wedgwood plc v David Nagli Ltd [1998] FSR 2 (“Waterford”) where the
seller supplied counterfeit Waterford crystal to a buyer in New York (“the US
buyer”). The seller arranged for the counterfeit crystal to be shipped for
Ireland to Spain and to Felixstowe where they were to be transhipped and sent
to New York. The Court found that the seller was liable for importing the
goods into the UK. The US buyer was not the importer. It was the seller who in
the course of sending the goods to the buyer imported the counterfeit goods
into UK. The House of Lords in Sabaf agreed with that decision (Sabaf at
[43]).

172 The principle that emerges is that the question as to who is the importer
or exporter is highly fact-sensitive. Careful attention to the underlying
transaction in respect of the goods is necessary. In some cases, the seller of
goods under an international sale contract will also be the importer. In other
cases, it will be the buyer. Indeed, Waterford demonstrates that both the
seller and buyer may wear different hats at different stages of the transport
process. In yet other cases an agent for either the buyer or the seller may be
an importer. Bearing in mind the fact-sensitive nature of the inquiry, I turn
now to examine the Defendant’s role in the transaction.

The nature of the Defendant’s role in the transaction

173 The background facts concerning the Defendant’s engagement and role have
been set out earlier. The Defendant had no part in making the shipping
arrangements, packing, or loading the Containers on board the inbound vessels.
These arrangements and acts were done by the shippers in China and/or by the
Third Party. The instructions to the Defendant to declare transhipment status
also came from the Third Party. Indeed, Ms Chew’s evidence suggested that by
the time the Defendants received instructions from the Third Party, there was
nothing the Defendant could have done to prevent the Counterfeit Goods from
being brought into Singapore. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript, 14 March 2017, p 126 (lines 18–24).

174 I agree with the Defendant that in these circumstances it could not be
said that the Defendant was the “importer”. It certainly had not “brought” or
“caused to be brought” the Counterfeit Goods into Singapore. If anyone was the
importer, it was either the Shippers or the Third Party.

175 I also noted that sea waybills were used for the short sea carriage from
China to Singapore. Sea waybills are not negotiable instruments under common
law (Voss Peer v APL Co Pte Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 823 at [27], upheld on appeal
in APL Co Pte Ltd v Voss Peer [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1119 and Tan Lee Meng, The Law
in Singapore on Carriage of Goods by Sea (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1994) at
pp 286–288). As noted in Stephen Girvin, Carriage of Goods by Sea (Oxford
University Press, 2nd Ed, 2011) (“Carriage of Goods by Sea”) at para 4.04:

Unlike a bill of lading, the sea waybill does not change hands because it is
not normally used for the purpose of payment for the goods. The clear
advantage of this is that the shipper can vary his delivery instructions to
the carrier at any time during transit. Furthermore, commercial documents
(such as invoices and certificates of origin) can be sent to the buyer earlier
than otherwise because there is no waiting period for the waybill to be
produced, as there is with a bill of lading. There is no problem with the ship
arriving ahead of the documents and so the ship can discharge at once. …

176 As noted in Carriage of Goods by Sea at para 4.05, as a sea waybill is not
a document of title at common law; ownership of the goods represented in the
sea waybill will pass by reason of the underlying transaction. Thus, in the
present case, it follows that ownership and the property in the Counterfeit
Goods is a matter that can only be determined by reference to the underlying
transaction between the Shippers and the Third Party.

177 The relationship between the Shippers and the Third Party was never made
clear in the evidence, which is unsurprising, since neither appeared in these
proceedings. I note the evidence of the Defendant’s expert, Mr Iversen, that
the Defendant was likely dealing with the Third Party who was also an
agent/freight forwarder. The Third Party may not have been the final
consignee. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Certified Transcript, 20 March 2017, p 99 (lines 18-25) and p 100 (lines
1–17).

It bears repeating that while there is evidence that the Defendant dealt with
or acted on the instructions of the Third Party in previous transactions, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Certified Transcript, 16 March 2017, p 47 (lines 2–9) and p 106 (lines 23–25).

there was no evidence as to who (if any) the Third Party may have had
obligations to in Indonesia or elsewhere in respect of the seized/detained
goods. What is clear, however, is that the Defendant did not acquire any
property in the Counterfeits Goods simply by virtue of being named as the
consignee in the sea waybills.

178 I also note that the Defendant was never in physical possession of the
Containers. Indeed, it appears that in the ordinary course of giving
instructions on goods in transit, a freight forwarder in the Defendant’s
position would not necessarily have sight or physical possession of the
Containers as part of the process of transferring them to the outbound vessel
(see [29] above). The actual unloading of the sealed containers, their storage
at designated places, and loading on board the “outward bound” vessel was
under the control of PSA.

Is the Defendant liable for exporting under the sign?

Is a mere intention to export sufficient?

179 The Plaintiffs argue that even if the Defendant did not “import” the
Counterfeit Goods into Singapore, it is nevertheless liable for infringement
under s 27(1) read with s 27(4)(c) of the TMA because it had the intention to
export the Counterfeit Goods.

180 In this regard, the Plaintiffs argue that a mere intention to export the
Counterfeit Goods is sufficient for the imposition of liability on the
Defendant. The Defendant points out that under s 93A(3)(b) of the TMA, goods
detained ex officio will be released to the exporter unless, within the
prescribed period, the proprietor institutes an action for the infringement of
his trade mark. If a mere intention to export the Counterfeit Goods would be
insufficient to constitute trade mark infringement, the trade mark proprietor
would necessarily fail in its action for trade mark infringement. This would
mean that the customs authorities would have to release the goods to the
exporter, which would render s 93A(3)(b) of the TMA meaningless. It would, in
the Plaintiffs’ words, “be closing the stable door after the horse has
bolted”. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Plaintiffs’ closing submissions, para 143–145.

181 While the Plaintiffs’ argument is attractive at first blush, I have come
to the view that having a mere intention to export is insufficient to amount
to “use” within the meaning of s 27(4)(c) of the TMA. To begin with, the plain
wording of s 27(4)(c) of the TMA does not suggest that a mere intention is
sufficient. Section 27(4)(c) instead provides that there is “use” if a person
“imports or exports goods under the sign”.

182 Furthermore, I disagreed with the Plaintiffs that s 93A(3)(b) of the TMA
would be meaningless if a mere intention to export was insufficient to impose
liability on the would-be exporter. I note that s 93A(3)(b) does not require
the trade mark proprietor to commence an infringement action against the
would-be exporter. The trade mark proprietor is simply required to “institute
an action for the infringement for his trade mark” [emphasis added]. It seems
to me that in many cases where goods are detained ex officio prior to being
exported, the trade mark proprietor may well have a cause of action (or causes
of action) against several other parties along the supply chain. He may, for
instance, commence an action against the manufacturer or seller of the goods.
Such an infringement action need not be founded on the intention to export the
goods. It may well be founded on other acts which amount to “use in the course
of trade” under s 27(4) of the TMA. For instance, the manufacturer or seller
may well have “offer[ed] goods for sale”, have “[put] them on the market” or
have “stock[ed] them for those purposes under the sign”. In yet other
instances, the trade mark proprietor may be able to commence an action for
infringement against the would-be exporter by virtue of the fact that the
would-be exporter himself has offered goods for sale, put them on the market
or stocked them for those purposes under the sign. The argument that s
93A(3)(b) would be meaningless and customs authorities would simply have to
release the infringing goods to the would-be exporter is therefore not borne
out.

183 Nevertheless, for completeness, I have considered whether the Defendant
could be made liable for infringement solely on the basis that it was the
would-be exporter.

Was the Defendant the would-be exporter?

184 As with the term “import”, there is no definition of “export” under the
TMA. Again, applying the reasoning in Trade Facilities as discussed above, I
agree that “export” should be understood in accordance with s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act. The question, therefore, is whether the Defendant is the
party who would have “take[n] or caused to be taken out of Singapore by land,
sea or air” the Counterfeit Goods (see the definition of “export” in s 2(1) of
the Interpretation Act). I have come to the view that the Defendant was not
the party who would have “taken” the Counterfeit Goods or caused them to be
taken out of Singapore.

185 In coming to my decision, I found helpful the discussion of the role of a
freight forwarder in Carriage of Goods by Sea at paras 1.30 and 3.16–3.20.
What is clear is that the role of a freight forwarder varies and depends on
the terms of the contract under which he has been engaged. His duties may
range from basic matters such as booking spaces or slots on a vessel, sending
documents to the loading broker, arranging customs clearance, collecting bills
of lading, all the way to carrying out packaging, warehousing and lighterage
services, arranging insurance, acting as a freight consolidator (combining
several consignments into a full container load) and issuing house bills of
lading.

186 The role of the freight forwarder may also depend whether he is engaged to
act at the load port or discharge port or intermediate port of call. For
example, at a discharge port the freight forwarder may be involved in the
process of informing the importer of the due date of arrival and in collecting
or preparing documents needed for customs clearance. This may include co-
ordinating and effecting customs duties on behalf of his principal. In some
cases, the freight forwarder will be acting as agent for his principal. In
other cases, he may be required to enter into transactions as principal (see
Carriage of Goods by Sea at para 3.17).

187 The Plaintiffs’ witness, Ms Chew, accepted that based on the information
available, the Defendant was a freight forwarder and not a trader of goods.
She agreed there was no indication that the goods were intended for the
Defendant’s use or consumption. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Certified Transcript, 14 March 2017, p 15 (lines 11–17) and p 16 (lines 7–10).

188 In the present case, I find that the Defendant’s engagement by the Third
Party was for the limited purpose of arranging for transhipment of the inbound
Containers. The Defendant acted as agent for the Third Party in taking the
action and steps that it took. It was the Third Party who engaged the
Defendant to declare the goods for transhipment. It was the Third Party who
instructed the Defendant on which vessels were engaged to perform the
transhipment to Batam. The commercial invoices supplied by the Third Party
made clear that the Containers’ final destination was Batam and that the Third
Party were the ultimate consignees. All the preparations were made by the
Third Party and carried out by the Defendant as the Singapore freight
forwarder by virtue of its ability to access PSA’s Portnet system. On that
basis, I have come to the view that if any party was the “exporter” of the
Counterfeit Goods, it was the Third Party and not the Defendant.

Conclusion

189 To summarise my findings:

(a) First, the Counterfeit Goods in the Containers were imported into
Singapore for the purposes of the TMA notwithstanding that there was no
intention for the consignments to be released into free circulation in
Singapore.

(b) Secondly, the importer of the Counterfeit Goods was either the Shippers in
China or the Third Party, who was the ultimate consignee in Batam. It was not
the Defendant. While the underlying transaction between the Shippers and the
Third Party is unclear, there is no doubt that the Defendant was not the party
who caused the Counterfeit Goods to be brought into Singapore. The fact that
the Defendant as freight forwarder was named as the consignee in the Sea
waybills and was required to submit or make declarations under Singapore
customs rules and regulations does not mean the Defendant is to be treated as
an importer or exporter for the purposes of the TMA. This is so even though
some of the customs permits and declarations may name the Defendant as
importer.

(c) Thirdly, a mere intention to export does not suffice to constitute “use”
under s 27(4)(c) of the TMA. Even if I am wrong on this point, the Defendant
was not the would-be exporter of the Counterfeit Goods. It was engaged as
freight forwarder by the Third Party for the limited purpose of arranging for
transhipment, but all the preparations and instructions for the onward
shipment of the Counterfeit Goods came from the Third Party.

(d) Fourthly, the Defendant did not act in concert with or have or shared a
common design with either the shippers or the Third Party (or indeed anyone
else) to commit acts now said to amount to infringement.

190 It follows that the claims against the Defendant are dismissed. The
Defendant is not the importer or liable as joint tortfeasor for the
importation. Costs are awarded to the Defendant to be taxed unless agreed.

Concluding observations

191 Earlier the point was made that after the seizure or detention of the
goods by Singapore Customs, these proceedings were commenced by the trade mark
proprietors to prevent the infringing goods from being released to the
Defendant. A court order for the further detention of the goods was obtained
on 16 April 2013. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Opening statement for Suit No 322/2013, para 7.

It also appears that the Court in Suit No 300 of 2013 and Suit No 302 of 2013
also made orders further detaining the goods found within the two Containers
on 11 April 2013. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ORC 2486/2013 and 2485/2013.

192 At the first JPTC on 25 April 2016, the question was raised by counsel as
to whether the Counterfeit Goods (minus representative samples) could be
forfeited to save costs. The Plaintiffs and the Defendant agreed that the
goods bore counterfeit trade marks. The Defendant’s position was that it was
not the importer and was not responsible in law for any importation that might
have taken place. On that basis, ORC Nos 2486 and 2485 of 2013 were
discharged. The Court directed at the JPTC that the goods detained pursuant to
those orders were to be released to the custody of the Plaintiffs for
destruction according to “normal procedures.” Subsequently, and prior to the
extraction of the order, a PTC was heard before the learned AR to clarify the
basis of the order and the “normal procedures” for destruction. The Parties at
the PTC agreed that the court’s power flowed from ss 33 and 34 of the TMA.

193 Section 33 provides the Court power to order infringing goods in
possession of the defendant or before the Court to be delivered up to the
plaintiff. Section 34 goes on to provide that where an order has been made
under s 33, the Court may order the destruction or forfeiture of the goods.
While s 34(2) of the TMA requires the Court to consider what other remedies
are available to compensate the plaintiff and protect his interest, s 34(3)
states that notwithstanding s 34(2), where the infringing goods are
counterfeit goods, the order is to be granted unless there are exceptional
circumstances to justify refusal. Notice must however be served on persons
having an interest in the goods. For completeness, I note that no reference
was made to the possible application of ss 90(3)(c) and 92 of the TMA.

194 While the matter is not directly before me, I note that a question may
arise in future cases as to the proper scope of s 34 of the TMA. Simply put,
the question is whether an order for destruction of counterfeit goods under s
34 is dependent on a finding of infringement against the Defendant in the
infringement proceedings. This was not a point that was raised by either the
Plaintiffs or the Defendant in the JPTC. Neither does it appear that the
question was raised in the subsequent PTC. It is in this context that I make
the following observations.

195 First, s 33 (which sets out the Court’s power to order delivery up of
infringing goods) is concerned with infringement proceedings. Secondly, s 33
makes clear that the power to order delivery up is in addition to any relief
granted under ss 31 and 32. Section 31 states that the relief the Court in an
action for infringement may grant includes: (a) an injunction; (b) damages;
(c) an account of profits; and (d) statutory damages. Section 32 sets out a
power for the Court, where a person has been found to have infringed a
registered trade mark, to require him to erase the offending mark or to have
the infringing goods destroyed.

196 The observation is that s 33 may be said to be predicated on a finding of
infringement against the defendant. It is not enough that the goods are
counterfeit goods or accepted by the plaintiff and defendant to be counterfeit
goods. Put differently, what is needed is a power to order delivery up and
destruction of counterfeit goods irrespective of whether the infringement
proceedings are complete or have resulted in a finding of infringement against
the defendant. I say no more given that the question is not directly raised in
this Suit, which is of course on the liability of the Defendant in the
substantive infringement action. The parties before the Court in any case
consented to the destruction order. The Third Party who clearly had a direct
interest in the seized/detained goods was notified and did not respond or
enter any objection.

197 The facts of this case, while relatively straightforward, have raised
numerous connected issues and questions of law. These have arisen because the
reality is international trade is complex. There are many different
circumstances whereby goods may be shipped to, transhipped through and shipped
out of Singapore. Numerous parties, both private and public, will have
legitimate reasons for wanting inspection, control and detention of
consignments coming into or leaving the Port of Singapore.

198 Port authorities will be concerned with the whole gamut of regulations,
rules and procedures in running the Port from booking of berths, arrival
notices, landing of goods, storage, loading and much more. Customs authorities
will be concerned with customs procedures, customs declarations and any other
matters for which they have been assigned responsibility such as the border
enforcement measures in the TMA. Other regulatory authorities may also be
concerned with health, safety and enforcement of laws and procedures concerned
with dangerous and prohibited goods.

199 There will of course be the interests of intellectual property right
owners whose concern will be to interdict and stop trade in counterfeit or
pirated goods. For convenience, the interests of the intellectual property
right owner lies in two areas: First, there is the interest to prevent
counterfeit or pirated goods entering into the Singapore market for
exploitation by sale or marketing within Singapore. Secondly, there is the
interest to prevent counterfeit or pirated goods from being exported from
Singapore for exploitation overseas. From the perspective of the intellectual
property rights owner, it does not matter whether these counterfeit goods were
made in Singapore and sent to the port for shipment out or were made outside
Singapore and were only temporarily in Singapore under customs control pending
shipment out either as goods in transit or goods for transhipment.

200 That said, the problem for intellectual property right owners and
international trade in counterfeit and pirated goods is likely to be
especially acute where the counterfeit or pirated goods originate from an
unknown source in a third country and which “passes through” an intermediate
country such as Singapore, as goods in transit or for transhipment to another
country.

201 The intellectual property right owner will desire procedures whereby
authorities in the intermediate country can inspect and detain shipments
passing through even though the goods are not intended to enter the market of
the intermediate country. Inspection and detention by customs authorities is
akin to an “interlocutory” remedy. It arises at a time when an infringement
action has not been started in Singapore. It is in this sense “pre-action”
relief. Once the consignment has been inspected, the matter which must be
addressed is what are the steps and procedure if the goods appear to be
counterfeit or pirated goods?

202 Under the Singapore border enforcement provisions, an action for
infringement must be commenced within a stated period. If the infringement
action is not commenced, the goods even though they are reasonably suspected
to be counterfeit or pirated will be released. The intellectual property right
owner bears the responsibility of deciding whether to bring proceedings in
Singapore and against who he is going to sue for substantive infringement.
Once he makes that choice and starts the action for infringement, the question
as to whether he succeeds depends entirely on whether his substantive rights
conferred by the TMA has been infringed by the person(s) named as
defendant(s).

203 In the present action, the Plaintiffs decided to commence infringement
proceedings in Singapore on the basis that their trade mark rights were
infringed by “importation” and/or “exportation.” The Plaintiffs also chose to
sue the Defendant freight forwarder on the basis that it was the importer or
liable for the importation. They did not sue the Shippers or the consignee –
perhaps because the latter could not be found and properly identified. They
chose not to sue the ultimate consignee, the Third Party. Whatever the reason
for that decision, there is no basis for the Court to find that just because
the goods were properly inspected and detained by Singapore Customs,
Parliament must have intended there to be a local defendant against whom the
intellectual property rights owner could claim and hold liable for the
substantive act of infringement by importation. In the end, the action against
the Defendant for infringement under the TMA has failed for the simple reason
the Defendant was not the importer or erstwhile exporter. This does not mean
that the Plaintiffs’ trade marks in Singapore were not infringed. They were
infringed by the importer. It bears repeating that the Defendant accepted that
the seized goods were counterfeit goods under the TMA. Indeed, they brought
third-party proceedings against the Third Party in case they were found liable
or responsible. The Defendant agreed the seized goods (less the representative
samples) were to be destroyed. The Third Party, on the other hand, was well
aware of the Singapore proceedings and chose not to appear and defend the
third-party proceedings. The Third Party also made no response to the notice
of the intended destruction of the counterfeit goods.

204 The end result is that while the Plaintiffs have failed in their claim for
infringement against the Defendant, the consignments were interdicted,
detained and an order for their destruction was obtained.

205 I thank all counsel for their patience and their helpful closing
submissions and arguments. In particular, I acknowledge the assistance of Mr
Ravindran s/o Muthucumarasamy (Ravindran Associates), Mr Dedar Singh Gill
(Drew and Napier LLC), Mr Andy Leck (Wong & Leow LLC), lead counsel for the
Plaintiffs, and Mr Leonard Chia (Asia Ascent Law Corporation), lead counsel
for the Defendant.

George Wei  
Judge

Ravindran s/o Muthucumarasamy, Jevon Louis, Teo Kwan Soon, Paul and Yuen Kit
Kuan (Ravindran Associates) for the plaintiffs in Suit Nos 300, 306 and 310 of
2013;  
Dedar Singh Gill and Lim Siau Wen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in
Suit No 322 of 2013;  
Andy Leck, Faith Lim and Lim Ren Jun (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiff in
Suit No 327 of 2013;  
Leonard Chia Chee Hyong and Ng Liu Qing (Asia Ascent Law Corporation) for the
defendant in all five suits.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

