Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 186

Suit No 86 of 2016

Between

SINGLAND TRANSPORTATION PTE LTD

… Plaintiff

And

ALPHA FOCUS (S) PTE LTD

… Defendant

JUDGMENT

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Implied terms]

[Contract] — [Breach] — [Election to terminate]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Singland Transportation Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Alpha Focus (S) Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 186

High Court — Suit No 86 of 2016  
Lee Seiu Kin J  
27-30 March, 15 May 2017

28 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 In suit no 86 of 2016 (“Suit 86”) the plaintiff claimed against the
defendant for $17,355.43 for works done in October 2012. The defendant
counterclaimed $319,698.00 or damages to be assessed arising from the
plaintiff’s alleged breach of contract. At the commencement of trial, the
defendant withdrew its defence against the plaintiff’s claim and proceeded
with the counterclaim. Having heard the parties’ evidence in the trial and
having considered the written submissions of counsel, I find that the
defendant had failed to make out its counterclaim and set out the reasons
below.

Undisputed facts

2 The plaintiff is a Singapore-incorporated company carrying on the business
of providing transportation services, landscape care and maintenance services,
and landscaping and civil works. The defendant is also a Singapore-
incorporated company in the business of, inter alia, piling works. On 10
August 2011, the parties entered into a contract under which the plaintiff
would provide lorries to clear earth for the defendant’s project at Bedok
Reservoir for the Downtown Line Stage 3 tunnels (“the Contract”). The
defendant was the piling sub-contractor of main contractor for the Bedok
Reservoir works, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd (“Sato Kogyo”).

3 The plaintiff’s claim is for works done between 1 and 15 October 2012 for a
sum of $67,355.43. The defendant paid $50,000 but not the remaining sum of
$17,355.43. This was not disputed by the parties.

4 The defendant’s counterclaim is based on the Contract, which was contained
in the plaintiff’s quotation dated 8 August 2011, which was accepted by the
defendant on 10 August 2011. The Contract provided that the plaintiff would
dispose of a total of 170,000 cubic metres of good earth and between 40,000 to
50,000 cubic metres of wet or mixed soil. The defendant would pay the
plaintiff $110 per lorry load of good earth and $160 per lorry load of wet or
mixed soil. The price could be adjusted by mutual agreement. The project
duration was 21 months. The defendant needed to place its order for the
plaintiff’s lorries at least one day in advance, or in emergency situations,
three hours in advance.

5 In December 2011, the soil at the defendant’s worksite had piled up to four
or five metres in height (“the stockpile”). This led to the Land Transport
Authority (“LTA”) issuing a site memorandum for the breach of “safety rules
and regulations” on 5 December 2011 (“the LTA site memorandum”). The defendant
forwarded the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff on the same day. The
defendant said that the stockpile was the “direct result” of the plaintiff’s
lack of lorries and asked the plaintiff to increase the number of lorries to
clear the stockpile. Otherwise, a stop work order could potentially be issued
against the defendant.

6 The plaintiff replied on 6 December 2011 denying responsibility for the
events. It asked the defendant to provide it with disposal tickets for the
LTA’s dumping grounds as it had exhausted its own tickets for its own dumping
grounds. The defendant rejected the plaintiff’s request on 7 December 2011.
The defendant said that it had “no other choice but to engage another
transporter so that [its] work [could] move and not delay further”. But by
this time, the defendant had requested a quotation from Koh Kock Leong
Enterprise Pte Ltd (“KKL”). In fact, KKL provided the quotation on 6 December
2011 and the defendant accepted it on the same day. Under the quotation, KKL
was to dispose bored out soil to an approved dumping ground at $170 per lorry
load. The contract was valid with immediate effect, ie, from 6 December 2011.

7 The plaintiff and defendant continued exchanging correspondence from 7 to 9
December 2011. Both parties expressed their intentions to get the work done
and achieve their mutual goals. On 22 December 2011, the parties increased the
amounts payable for good earth and for wet or mixed soil by mutual agreement
to $113 and $164 per lorry load respectively. On the same day, the plaintiff
also sent a letter to the defendant alleging that the stockpile was due to the
defendant’s failure to provide the plaintiff with disposal tickets for a
dumping ground. On 29 December 2011, the defendant rejected this position and
stated that the stockpile was no longer there as KKL was engaged to remove the
earth. Nevertheless, the parties again increased the amounts payable by mutual
agreement to $143 per lorry load for good earth and $194 per lorry load for
wet or mixed soil on 4 June 2012. This was later revised downwards to $133 per
lorry load for good earth and $184 per lorry load for wet or mixed soil by a
letter dated 12 June 2012.

8 On 30 May 2012, the defendant engaged another sub-contractor, Poh Li Heng
Building Construction Pte Ltd (“PLH”), to transport earth to an approved
dumping ground for $280 per lorry load.

9 The plaintiff filed its claim on 22 May 2014. The defendant’s counterclaim
totalled $319,698.00. This amount was the difference between what the
defendant paid KKL and PLH and what it would have paid the plaintiff to
complete the works. The defendant claimed for the period of 31 December 2011
to 31 May 2012 in relation to the KKL works; and from 22 June 2012 to 21
September 2012 for the PLH works.

Issues

10 The only dispute at trial was whether the defendant’s counterclaim was made
out. There was no dispute that the parties entered into the Contract. The
following three issues arose:

(a) Did the plaintiff breach the Contract?

(b) Did the defendant elect to terminate the Contract?

(c) Was the defendant entitled to claim the difference between what it paid
KKL and PLH and what the plaintiff would have charged from December 2011 to
October 2012?

Parties’ submissions

Defendant’s submissions

11 The defendant said the plaintiff breached an implied term in the Contract
to “deploy sufficient number of lorries for the timely and efficient disposal
of the earth”. The defendant said that this was consistent with the other
terms of the Contract since the plaintiff was required to clear a specific
amount of earth within a specified time period of 21 months. This would surely
require the plaintiff to clear the earth expeditiously with a sufficient
number of lorries. The defendant rejected the plaintiff’s argument that the
latter only had an obligation to remove earth from the Bedok Reservoir site on
an ad-hoc basis.

12 According to the defendant, the plaintiff breached this implied term in
December 2011 when the stockpile was formed but not cleared. The defendant
forwarded the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff on 5 December 2011 and
asked the plaintiff to provide enough lorries to clear the stockpile. The
plaintiff failed to do so in breach of contract. The defendant said that it
terminated the Contract by its letter of 29 December 2011. Although this was
not pleaded in the defendant’s counterclaim, it was the evidence of its
director, Low Koon Heng (“Low”), during cross-examination.

13 As a result of this breach, the defendant engaged three third-party
contractors to dispose the earth that the plaintiff was supposed to dispose of
under the Contract:

(a) KKL from December 2011 to May 2012;

(b) PLH from June 2012 to September 2012; and

(c) Ming Hui from October 2012 until “the end of [the] project”.

The defendant initially claimed a total sum of $319,698.00, which comprised of
two sums. First, the difference between the amount paid to KKL and the amount
payable to the plaintiff, being $142,197.00. Second, the difference between
the amount paid to PLH and the amount payable to the plaintiff, which was a
further $177,501.00. The defendant did not claim in relation to Ming Hui as
there was no difference in price charged between Ming Hui and the plaintiff.

14 However, after the trial, the defendant reduced its claim from $319,698.00
to $245,838.00, on account of the following:

(a) In relation to the KKL works, the claim was reduced from $142,197.00 to
$68,337.00. Low accepted during cross-examination that the total amount of
lorry loads by KKL should have been reduced by 1,019. Those were loads of
earth that KKL disposed of for the defendant’s sub-contractors and not the
defendant. These loads were later charged back to the defendant’s sub-
contractors and therefore the defendant had suffered no loss.

(b) In 1,550 invoices, it was not stated whether the soil was good earth or
wet/mixed soil. Given that the price for the former was lower than that for
the latter category, it was not valid to make the claim for these based on the
price of the latter. The defendant conceded this fact and submitted that the
claims under these invoices should be split evenly between good earth and
wet/mixed soil. This would mean that the defendant’s claim would be reduced by
pricing 750 lorry loads under the good earth category.

15 The defendant said that it reasonably mitigated its loss considering the
urgent circumstances. It referred to the safety issues due to height of the
stockpile which Sato Kogyo’s Po Sze Long (“Po”) explained would cause the
piling work to be halted due to the potential danger to the personnel and
machinery in the area. This led the defendant to engage third parties to clear
the stockpile. The defendant said that it communicated this decision to the
plaintiff in two letters: a letter dated 8 December 2011 where it stated that
the “Main Contractor only start to arrange for other lorries to transport from
the stockpile after the letter from LTA”; and a separate letter dated 29
December 2011 where the defendant said that “the Main Contractor engage KKL to
remove the stockpile after the letter from LTA and is still engaging KKL to
remove the earth from our bored pile site as they do not want a repeat of what
happen in November”.

16 In response to the plaintiff’s submissions that there was another implied
term in the Contract that the defendant would supply disposal tickets for a
dumping ground (see below at [19]), the defendant said this was untenable
because the amount payable to the plaintiff under the Contract already
included the dumping fee. This was why the Contract price was pitched at $164
per lorry load (per the revised sum on 22 December 2011), rather than the $50
per lorry load it would have cost to transport earth to the defendant’s own
construction site. In any case, the plaintiff had never claimed against the
defendant for any dumping fee which suggests that it never considered there to
be such an implied term.

Plaintiff’s submissions

17 The plaintiff said that there was no term, express or implied, that the
plaintiff would provide sufficient lorries to dispose of earth in a timely
fashion as and when the defendant asked it to do so. Instead, the plaintiff
said that the contract was an “ad-hoc” one, meaning that the plaintiff only
needed to provide as many lorries as the defendant asked if the defendant gave
one day’s advance notice as required under the Contract. In an emergency the
defendant could give only three hours’ notice, but the plaintiff would only be
bound to “try [its] very best to schedule the delivery”, rather than being
absolutely bound to do so.

18 Even if there was an implied term, the plaintiff said it did not breach
that term. There was no breach between January and October 2012 since Low
agreed under cross-examination that the plaintiff supplied sufficient lorries
during that period. There was also no breach during December 2011. During the
period of August to December 2011, the plaintiff rented its spare tipper
lorries to the defendant, suggesting that it had the lorries and indeed
supplied the lorries to the defendant when the latter asked for them. Rather,
the failure to provide lorries was because of the defendant’s own conduct. The
plaintiff said that the defendant did not give the plaintiff enough notice.
Another director of the defendant, Soong Chee Keong (“Soong”), admitted under
cross-examination that the defendant only contacted the plaintiff on the
afternoon before the lorries were required, which was not one day’s advance
notice.

19 The plaintiff also said that there was a separate implied term in the
Contract that the defendant would provide it with disposal tickets for a
dumping ground. It was not clear what the relationship of this implied term
was to the defendant’s counterclaim, but presumably the plaintiff was arguing
that because the defendant failed to do so, the plaintiff had nowhere to dump
the soil and therefore it could not come to clear the stockpile when the
defendant eventually requested it to. The plaintiff said that the prices it
quoted showed that the dumping fee was to be borne by the defendant. If the
plaintiff was required to pay for the disposal tickets on its own it would
make no profit.

20 Even if the plaintiff breached the Contract, the plaintiff submitted that
the defendant did not validly terminate the Contract. The plaintiff first
contended that this was never pleaded in any of the defendant’s pleadings and
affidavits and was therefore an afterthought. But even considering the merits
of the argument, the defendant did not terminate because it did not
communicate the alleged termination to the plaintiff, as Low conceded under
cross-examination. The defendant also acted as if the Contract was still afoot
by paying all 45 invoices that the plaintiff issued until October 2012, even
though the alleged termination was on 29 December 2011.

21 Finally, the plaintiff said that even if the Contract was terminated, the
defendant could not claim for the entire difference between what it paid to
KKL and PLH, and what it would have paid the plaintiff:

(a) The amounts claimed in relation to KKL were too high. The plaintiff
contended that the defendant could only claim the difference during the period
where KKL was working to clear the stockpile and no more. Depending on when
the stockpiles were finally cleared in December 2011, this would leave the
defendant’s claim at between $22,980 and $28,140; these numbers being the
number of lorry loads carried by KKL to clear the stockpile.

(b) The defendant could not claim the amounts in relation to PLH at all since
PLH was only engaged after the stockpile was cleared.

My decision

Whether the plaintiff breached the Contract

22 I must first decide whether there were terms governing the issue of
expeditious clearing of earth before deciding whether the plaintiff breached
any such terms. There is no express term in the Contract concerning
expeditious clearing. But I find that there is such an implied term in the
Contract, although the scope of the implied term only requires the plaintiff
to clear a reasonable amount of earth in a reasonable period of time. Given
the scope of the implied term, I find that the plaintiff did not breach it. I
now explain.

Implying a term of expeditious clearing into the Contract

23 The test for implying a term into a contract was summarised by the Court of
Appeal in Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [101] as follows:

It follows from these points that the implication of terms is to be considered
using a three-step process:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

24 The first step requires the Contract to have a gap in relation to
expeditious clearing that the parties did not contemplate. I find that this is
satisfied. None of the terms of the Contract deal with this situation. The
Contract only provides for the defendant to place its orders for lorries with
the plaintiff, for the lorries to “remove and dispose” of good earth, wet
soil, or mixed soil, and then for the payment to the plaintiff to be
calculated per lorry load. The Contract also provides that eventually the
plaintiff would dispose of an estimated volume of 170,000 cubic metres of good
earth and 40,000 to 50,000 cubic metres of wet or mixed soil and that this
would be done within 21 months. In short, the contractual terms are premised
on the fundamental assumption that the plaintiff, after sending its lorries to
the site, would use those lorries to clear the earth.

25 But what is not addressed is the situation confronting the parties in
December 2011. Soil brought up by the defendant’s plant had been stockpiled
over a considerable period and the defendant was required to remove them in a
short period of time. This is the gap in the Contract. This gap was clearly
not contemplated by the parties.

26 The second step is the business efficacy test, ie, the court can only imply
a term in the Contract if it does not function commercially or practically
without it. The court will not imply a term simply to improve the bargain
between the parties. The plaintiff’s core duty under the Contract was to clear
the earth that was dug up by the defendant as and when the defendant dug up
this earth in the course of its pilling works. The other express terms in the
Contract facilitated this core duty by regulating the amount of earth cleared,
the proposed duration of the entire project, and how the defendant was going
to call the plaintiff to the site to clear the earth. As the Contract calls
for the disposal of a total of some 220,000 cubic metres of soil within 21
months, there would certainly be an implied term that the plaintiff would be
required to at least have the capacity, on a constant daily or weekly basis,
to dispose of that quantity within the contract period.

27 The third step assumes that a term can be implied. The court then considers
precisely what term should be implied. This step applies the “officious
bystander” test: the term must be so obvious to the parties that if it had
been suggested to them at the time of contracting they would have agreed
immediately. As I noted above, given that the Contract envisages that the
plaintiff would clear some 220,000 cubic metres of soil within 21 months,
there would certainly be an implied term that the plaintiff would be required
to remove soil at the defendant’s maximum anticipated daily or weekly
production rate. To the extent that the defendant’s rate of production
fluctuates between different periods, there could also be an implied term that
the plaintiff must have sufficient capacity to dispose of soil produced by the
anticipated peak boring capacity of the defendant.

28 However, it cannot be the case that the plaintiff would be required to have
the capacity to do so at multiple times of that rate, which was what removal
of the stockpile would entail (and which was also what the defendant was
asking this court to find). While the implied term called for the plaintiff to
have the capacity to remove the earth at the maximum rate at which it is being
dug out, it is another proposition altogether to require the plaintiff to have
a capacity to remove many days of production within a few days. For this
reason, I find that there was no implied term that the plaintiff would clear
the entire stockpile as and when the defendant required it. Rather, the
implied term only required the plaintiff to clear soil at a reasonable rate,
ie, at a rate which it reasonably anticipated the defendant to dig up soil.

29 Implying a term that is limited in this way also accords with the express
terms of the Contract. One of the express terms of the Contract is that in an
emergency situation, the defendant may request for lorries from the plaintiff
with a shorter notice period of only three hours instead of one day in
advance. But in such a situation the plaintiff’s obligation is qualified. It
only needs to “try [its] very best” to schedule the delivery. This suggests to
me that the parties were cognisant of the possible difficulties that the
plaintiff would face and have allowed some latitude to the plaintiff in
certain circumstances. To the extent that the defendant’s case is that there
is an implied term that the plaintiff must provide sufficient lorries to clear
earth at the rate demanded of it in December 2011, I find that this would sit
uneasily with the express terms of the Contract. The plaintiff would have been
unlikely to agree to the term had it been proposed at the point of
contracting.

30 Accordingly I find an implied term in the Contract that the plaintiff would
clear the earth on the defendant’s work site expeditiously. But this term only
required the plaintiff to clear a reasonable amount of earth in a reasonable
period of time, and at most, at the rate that the defendant was reasonably
anticipated to produce at peak production.

Whether the plaintiff breached this term

31 Given the scope of the implied term, I find that the plaintiff did not
breach it. To recap, the defendant contended that the plaintiff breached the
implied term by failing to clear the stockpile and so the defendant had to
call in third parties to clear the stockpile instead.

32 The defendant notified the plaintiff of the stockpile on 5 December 2011
when it forwarded the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff. The defendant
provided no further documentary or oral evidence that it called the plaintiff
to clear the stockpile before 5 December 2011. Although the defendant’s letter
to the plaintiff dated 8 December 2011 noted that the “situation of the
stockpile arises from the facts that over the last few weeks, you did not
provide adequate lorries to remove the bored out earth from the working area”,
the defendant did not provide any further evidence of it calling the plaintiff
to inform the latter about the situation before 5 December 2011. Indeed, while
Soong admitted under cross-examination that the defendant’s usual practice was
to order lorries from the plaintiff using telephone calls, the defendant did
not call any witnesses to testify that such calls were made before 5 December
2011.

33 The defendant also cannot argue that the plaintiff was expected to be at
the site even if the defendant did not call the plaintiff. Low stated during
cross-examination that the plaintiff’s obligation under the Contract was “[as]
and when I tell them to send how many lorries, they must send to clear the
soil from my site.” In other words, the plaintiff could rely on the
defendant’s notification to send lorries to the work site. This is also
consistent with the notice requirement under the Contract.

34 The defendant is the claimant in the counterclaim and bears the burden of
proving its case. Since it did not adduce cogent evidence to show that it told
the plaintiff of the stockpile before 5 December 2011 or that the plaintiff
should have been at the site without notification, I find that it only
informed the plaintiff of the stockpile on 5 December 2011 when it forwarded
the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff. The question is whether the
plaintiff, having only received notice of the stockpile on 5 December 2011,
breached the Contract by failing to send sufficient lorries to clear enough of
the stockpile within a reasonable time.

35 In assessing this question, it is relevant that the defendant did not
appear to have taken serious steps to get the plaintiff to clear the stockpile
at all. The defendant forwarded the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff on 5
December 2011. By 6 December 2011, just one day later, the defendant received
a quotation from KKL for the same project. The title of the letter was “RE:
QUOTATION – DISPOSE OF BORED OUT SOIL @ DTL STAGE 3 C928 BEDOK TOWN PARK
STATION AND ASSOCIATED TUNNELS”. It was directly addressed to Low. It stated:
“Thank you for giving us opportunity to service to your esteemed company and
we wish to assure you of our best service at all times.” So although KKL’s
assistant contract manager, Koh Kong Wen, could not recall why KKL submitted a
quotation to the defendant on 6 December 2011, it must have been because the
defendant had asked KKL to do so. The fact that KKL had replied to the
defendant on 6 December 2011 – just one day after the defendant forwarded the
LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff – suggests that the defendant had asked
for this quotation at the latest by 5 December 2011, which is the same day
that it forwarded the LTA site memorandum to the plaintiff.

36 It appears that at that time the plaintiff was on site and ready to
perform, albeit having provided fewer lorries than the defendant expected. The
plaintiff sent a letter to the defendant dated 6 December 2011 asking the
defendant to “expedite on the requisition of the disposal tickets so that we
can increase our tipper lorries to at least 10 fleets”, indicating that some
lorries were already on site. This was confirmed by the defendant’s reply on 7
December 2011 stating that the plaintiff had promised ten lorries “but only 4
turn up”. This was probably why the defendant engaged KKL to clear the
stockpile as it felt that the plaintiff provided insufficient lorries.

37 The evidence suggests that KKL finished clearing the stockpile sometime
between 9 and 14 December 2011. On 22 December 2011 the plaintiff sent a
letter to the defendant stating:

We have been diligently disposing out the earth from your site since last
Tuesday, 14 December 2011 continuously with 6 fleet of lorries. However, our
workers have raised a concern that they had to wait for work constantly as
they have already cleared the stockpile. …

And in the plaintiff’s letter to the defendant on 9 December 2011, the
plaintiff said that it was still trying to apply for a staging ground in
relation to the stockpile. So the stockpile would have been cleared sometime
between 9 and 14 December 2011. This is also consistent with Soong’s
testimony. Soong conceded during cross-examination that the stockpile was
cleared within one or two weeks, although he could not remember when precisely
it was cleared. In other words, the defendant engaged KKL on 6 December 2011
and KKL entered the site and cleared the stockpile by 14 December 2011 at
latest.

38 But the plaintiff was not notified of KKL’s involvement in the project. Low
conceded during cross-examination that the defendant did not inform the
plaintiff that it would engage KKL to clear the stockpile. The defendant
cannot rely on its letters to say that it informed the plaintiff:

(a) The defendant’s letter of 7 December 2011 which stated that they had “no
choice but to engage another transporter” was said in the context of a similar
stockpiling situation in another project between the parties in Seletar, and
did not even mention KKL.

(b) The defendant’s letter of 29 December 2011, which Low relied on during re-
examination where the defendant specifically said that KKL had been engaged,
was only sent after the stockpile had already been cleared.

39 The above evidence shows the following chronology of events: the plaintiff
was informed of the stockpile on 5 December 2011. On that same day or earlier,
the defendant asked KKL for a quotation for the same work, which KKL provided.
The defendant accepted this quotation one day later. By this time the
plaintiff was on site and willing to perform albeit slower than the defendant
would have liked. The defendant procured KKL to clear the stockpile within a
week or so, but did not tell the plaintiff that it would do so. This was a
situation in which the defendant had chosen to engage a third party to help
with the stockpile and did not inform the plaintiff of it.

40 On these facts, I find that the plaintiff did not breach the implied term
to clear a reasonable amount of earth within a reasonable amount of time for
the December 2011 stockpile.

41 The defendant did not claim that the plaintiff had breached the Contract on
any other occasion. Indeed, Low admitted during cross-examination that the
plaintiff supplied sufficient lorries to meet the defendant’s needs between
January to October 2012. Hence, given that I have found that the plaintiff was
not in breach during the period of December 2011, the defendant’s claim is not
made out.

Whether the defendant validly terminated the Contract

42 Since I found that the plaintiff did not breach the Contract, there is no
need for me to determine whether the defendant validly terminated the
Contract. But for the sake of completeness and since the parties spent a
substantial amount of time on this during the trial and in their written
submissions, I give brief reasons why I would have found that the defendant
did not validly elect to terminate the Contract.

43 It is trite that a breach of contract does not automatically mean that the
contract is terminated. The innocent party still needs to elect to terminate
the contract and must communicate this to the party allegedly in breach. But
there was no such election in this case. Low conceded during cross-examination
that he did not expressly terminate the Contract by writing to the plaintiff.
His evidence was that he believed that he had terminated the Contract on 29
December 2011 by writing to the plaintiff on that date, and he viewed the
Contract as terminated because the plaintiff did not respond. Clearly, a
subjective intention to terminate is insufficient as it must be communicated
to the other party.

44 The subsequent conduct of both parties also indicates that objectively,
they considered the Contract to still be alive. As late as 4 June 2012, 11
June 2012, and 7 August 2012, the plaintiff was still submitting price
revisions to the defendant, as it was allowed to under the Contract. This was
conceded by Low under cross-examination, and indeed the following extract from
Low’s cross-examination is apposite:

Q: So after 29th December 2011, which is the date of that letter, you---in
your mind, you have terminated Singland but even from January to October 2012,
you also use Singland for C928, correct?

A: Yes, correct.

Q: And during the entire period they service you for C928, you also didn’t
tell them that actually you have terminated them, correct?

A: Correct.

The defendant not only continued corresponding with the plaintiff (through
price revisions) as though the Contract was still afoot but it continued to
engage the plaintiff’s services until as late as October 2012. And not only
did the defendant engage the plaintiff’s services under the Contract but it
also continued paying for those services even up until 31 October 2012. Having
corresponded with, engaged, and paid the plaintiff, the defendant cannot now
deny that it affirmed the Contract with the plaintiff.

45 Accordingly, even if the plaintiff had breached the Contract in December
2011, I would have found that the defendant had not elected to terminate the
Contract. Whatever Low may have subjectively believed, this was not
communicated to plaintiff nor was it expressed in the subsequent conduct of
both parties.

Conclusion

46 Given my findings on issues (a) and (b), there is no need for me to address
issue (c), which is the amount that the defendant could have claimed had the
plaintiff breached the Contract (see above at [10]). Accordingly, I find that
the defendant’s counterclaim is not made out. I therefore dismiss the
counterclaim. The plaintiff is therefore entitled to its claim for $17,355.43.
I will hear counsel on the question of costs.

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judge

Doris Chia and Wong Wan Chee (David Lim & Partners LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Tang Gee Ni (G N Tang & Co) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

