Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 65

Civil Appeal No 156 of 2016

Between

Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Respondent

JUDGMENT

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Res ipsa loquitur]

[Tort] — [Breach of Statutory Duty] — [Duties imposed by statute] — [Fire
Safety Act (Cap 109A, 2000 Rev Ed)]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd

[2017] SGCA 65

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 156 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Tay Yong Kwang JA, and Steven Chong JA  
07 July 2017

27 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 On 6 September 2012, just after 2.00am, a fire broke out at 141 Kallang Way
(“the appellant’s premises”) and spread to the adjoining property at 143
Kallang Way (“the respondent’s premises”), causing considerable damage to both
properties and four other adjacent properties. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 70-71.

2 At the time of the fire, the appellant’s premises were licensed for use as a
factory. Although the premises were not authorised for use as a dormitory, it
is not disputed that the appellant converted part of the premises for use as
accommodation for its foreign workers and permitted them to cook their meals
on the premises. Following the fire, the appellant was charged and
subsequently convicted of various breaches of the Fire Safety Act (Cap 109A,
2000 Rev Ed) (“FSA”).

3 The respondent sued the appellant in negligence for the damage caused to its
premises and property. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP Vol 2 at pp 70–71.

The appellant’s primary defence was that the fire started on the respondent’s
premises. And on that basis, the appellant brought a counterclaim against the
respondent for the damages caused to its premises by the fire. The appellant’s
defence and counterclaim were specifically rejected by the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd v Grace Electrical Engineering
Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC 232 who found at [88]–[89] that the fire had instead
started on the appellant’s premises and spread to the respondent’s premises.
The Judge relied on the evidential rule of res ipsa loquitur and found the
appellant liable in negligence for causing the damage to the respondent’s
premises. The appellant sought to deny the application of the rule vis-à-vis
the respondent’s claim on the basis that the appellant’s premises were not
under its exclusive control. Although this was pleaded, it was not seriously
pursued below.

4 For the appeal, the appellant instructed new counsel, Mr Tay Yong Seng, who
adopts an entirely different approach to challenge the decision below.
Significantly, Mr Tay quite sensibly accepts that the fire had indeed started
on the appellant’s premises. This was in fact the appellant’s original pleaded
position before it amended its pleadings on 27 April 2016 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

ROP Vol 2 at p 67.

(more than three years after the fire) to allege that the fire had instead
started on the respondent’s premises. In abandoning its primary defence below,
the appellant had essentially backtracked to its initial position with respect
to the genesis of the fire. The appellant’s fresh challenge focuses on one
principal submission – that the rule of res ipsa loquitur was wrongly invoked
by the Judge. Interestingly, the appellant had itself sought to rely on the
rule against the respondent in support of its counterclaim below that the fire
had started on the respondent’s premises. The appellant’s argument below that
the rule does not apply vis-à-vis the appellant because the premises were not
under its exclusive control at the time of the fire has also since been
abandoned.

5 The appellant argues on appeal that the rule does not apply because the
expert reports before the court identified possible causes of the fire and,
given this evidence, it must follow that the cause of the fire was not unknown
and/or did not preclude the possibility of a non-negligent cause. What is
unique about this case is that in the court below, both parties in their
respective reliance on res ipsa loquitur accepted that the rule was applicable
to the occurrence of the fire. The dispute was therefore only on the question
of whether the rule should be invoked against the appellant or the respondent.
On appeal, however, the appellant seeks to avoid the application of the rule
altogether. Its position on appeal is not free from difficulty not least
because in the court below, the appellant actually denied the very same
possible causes which it now seeks to rely on in aid thereof.

6 It is thus immediately apparent that the appellant’s case on appeal is not
only entirely new but indeed a volte-face from the defence which it ran below.
What then is the impact of the appellant’s change of position for the purposes
of the appeal? The appellant, having run its defence below on the basis that
the fire started on the respondent’s premises, simply could not and in fact
did not lead any evidence on how the fire started on its own premises and how,
in respect of that cause, it had exercised the requisite care and control. In
fact, the appellant specifically pleaded in the alternative that the cause of
the fire was unknown, which is one of the essential requirements for the
application of the rule. In response to these evidential shortcomings, the
appellant’s case on appeal is that the court should nonetheless take
cognisance of the possible causes identified in the expert reports which in
themselves would render the maxim inapplicable.

7 Res ipsa loquitur has variously been described as a “rule of evidence”, “an
evidential principle of common sense” and “an exotic although convenient
phrase” to permit the court to infer negligence from the very nature of the
accident or injury in the absence of direct evidence on its cause. These
descriptive terms are entirely in sync with its translation into English from
the original Latin that “the thing speaks for itself”. Despite the simplicity
seemingly inherent in the maxim, not infrequently, the thing does not really
speak for itself. This may explain why it has also been described as “the
source of much misunderstanding and confusion in the tort of negligence” (see
Francis Trindade and Tan Keng Feng, “Res Ipsa Loquitur: Some Recent Cases in
Singapore and its Future” [2000] SJLS 186 (“Trindade and Tan”) at p 188). Does
it cease to speak for itself because there is a possibility of some
hypothetical competing cause? Must that hypothetical cause be of a non-
negligent nature in order to displace the inference of negligence? Who has the
burden to prove or disprove the competing causes and on what standard? These
are some of the core questions which will be examined in this judgment.

Material background facts

8 Te Deum Engineering Pte Ltd, which is the respondent on appeal and the
plaintiff below, was at all material times the lessee and occupier of the unit
at 143 Kallang Way (ie, the respondent’s premises). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Judgment at [8].

Grace Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd, which is the appellant on appeal and the
defendant below, was at all material times the occupier of the unit at 141
Kallang Way (ie, the appellant’s premises). 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 80–83.

Both the appellant’s and the respondent’s premises are single-storey terrace
units with a mezzanine floor. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Judgment at [1]; CB Vol 2 at p 133

The two premises are adjacent to each other and each have a backyard.

9 The appellant is an electrical contractor 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP Vol 3F at p 4 (para 5).

and uses its premises as a factory to assemble, test, and commission
electrical cables and equipment, as well as to repack electrical cables. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Judgment at [10]; ROP Vol 3F at p 5 (para 11).

The ground floor of the appellant’s premises was used as a store and work
area. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Judgment at [10]; ROP Vol 3F at p 5 (para 12).

The premises was also converted into a dormitory to house the appellant’s
foreign workers. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 104; ROP Vol 3F at p 6 (para 14).

It is not disputed that the workers cooked their meals on the premises and
that the appellant knew and permitted this. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Judgment at [11]; ROP Vol 3F at p 6 (para 14)

10 On 6 September 2012, between 2.00am and 2.20am, 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 26, 31, 56; Judgment at [112].

the appellant’s workers discovered a fire at the rear of the appellant’s
premises. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

CB Vol 2 at p 56.

The Singapore Civil Defence Force (“SCDF”) received a call at 2.29am from one
of the appellant’s workers, Manickasamy Ravi (“Ravi”), with the message
“Cables inside store on fire”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 66, 69; Judgment at [12].

The SCDF arrived at the scene at 2.34am. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

CB Vol 2 at p 69.

The fire was reportedly brought under control within two hours, but was only
extinguished at about 6.00am. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Judgment at [12]; ROA Vol 5B at pp 45, 92; Singapore Civil Defence Force,
“Fire at No. 141, 143, 145, Kallang Way 1” (6 September 2012) <
https://www.scdf.gov.sg/content/scdf_internet/en/general/news/news_releases/2012  
/fire_at_no_141_143145kallangway1.html> (accessed 1 November 2017).

Both the appellant’s and the respondent’s premises were damaged by the fire,
together with four other properties nearby. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 70–71.

11 A series of reports (collectively, “the expert reports”) were generated by
the SCDF, Approved Forensics Sdn Bhd (“Approved”), and Dr J H Burgoyne &
Partners (International) Ltd (“Burgoyne”) following the incident. Reference
will be made to the contents of these reports as and when relevant in the
course of this judgment.

12 After the fire, the SCDF charged the appellant for breaches of ss 24(1) and
30(1) of the FSA. The appellant faced a total of eight charges. This was not
the first time the appellant had breached the FSA. It first received notices
of fire safety offences in October 2009. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 165–168.

They related to the unauthorised change of use from factory space to workers’
quarters and cooking and resting areas. It was again charged for these
offences on 25 May 2012. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 169–172.

On both occasions, fines were imposed and paid. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Judgment at [101]; Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 169–172.

In particular, the 2012 notices required the appellant to stop using the
factory as workers’ quarters. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Judgment at [102]; Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 169, 171.

Nonetheless, the contravention continued till the day of the fire (ie, 6
September 2012). 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Judgment at [102].

The decision below and the relevant findings

13 The Judge found that the fire started on the appellant’s premises and
spread to the respondent’s premises. She also found that it was more probable
than not that the appellant’s negligence caused the fire and that the damage
caused to the respondent’s premises was the sort of damage expected to occur
from the appellant’s breach of its duty of care to the respondent. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Judgment at [116].

14 The Judge held that the inference of negligence on the appellant’s part
arose from the application of res ipsa loquitur. She found that the three
requirements required to invoke the rule were made out: 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Judgment at [115].

(a) First, the appellant’s premises were under its care and control. On the
night of the fire, the appellant’s workers were in physical occupation of the
premises. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Judgment at [107].

(b) Second, the accident would not have happened, in the ordinary course of
things, if proper care had been taken. The Judge emphasised the fact that the
appellant was fully aware that its use of factory space to house workers was
an unauthorised use contrary to s 30(1) of the FSA and that the appellant was
a repeat offender. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Judgment at [98] – [102].

The appellant was fined for a breach of s 30(1) because it had, by using the
factory space as a workers’ dormitory, changed the use of its premises such
that it “cause[d] the existing fire safety measures to become inadequate” and
it had made such a change without the approval of the Commissioner of Civil
Defence (“the Commissioner”). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Judgment at [98].

Yet, the appellant “did nothing” to address the SCDF’s concerns that the
existing fire safety measures were inadequate for worker’s quarters. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Judgment at [104].

The appellant also knew that the workers cooked their meals in the backyard of
its premises and that there were large quantities of combustible materials in
the area. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Judgment at [107] – [108].

Yet, no fire extinguishers were installed in the area. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Judgment at [108].

The nearest fire extinguishers and fire hose reels were limited to those
inside the appellant’s premises. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Judgment at [104].

Ravi also confirmed that cooking was done on the night of the fire. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Judgment at [108].

The evidence showed, inter alia, that the electrical wirings and cooking
appliances were badly burned. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Judgment at [109].

The Judge was therefore of the view that the appellant, despite repeated
warnings from the SCDF, took no reasonable care to reduce the risk of fire
notwithstanding the foreseeability that such environmental conditions created
a fire hazard on the premises. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Judgment at [108].

(c) Finally, the cause of the fire was unknown. Both the SCDF and Burgoyne did
not, on the balance of probabilities, point to any one cause as being probable
(or more probable than not). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Judgment at [113].

15 All of these factors gave rise to the prima facie inference that the
appellant’s negligence more probably than not caused the fire. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Judgment at [115].

The Judge was of the view that the evidential presumption arising from the
inference was not rebutted by the appellant. The Judge was not convinced that
the presumption was rebutted by reason of the appellant’s explanation, inter
alia, that it “had a valid Electrical Installation Licence”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Judgment at [115].

16 Having reached the conclusion that the appellant’s negligence caused the
fire, the Judge found that the appellant’s alternative defence under s 63 of
the Insurance Act (Cap 142, 2002 Rev Ed) did not arise for determination. This
argument is not pursued in the appeal. The Judge accordingly awarded the
respondent $1,584,091.52, which was the entirety of the amount it sought.

Cases on appeal

The appellant’s case

17 Notwithstanding the appellant’s acceptance of the Judge’s finding that the
fire had indeed started on its premises, it denies any liability to the
respondent for three reasons. First, the Judge should not have applied the
rule of res ipsa loquitur. Second, the appellant had not breached its duty of
care to the respondent. Third, even if the appellant had breached its duty of
care, the fire was not caused by that breach. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Appellant’s case at pp 6–10.

18 For the appeal, the appellant’s position is that res ipsa loquitur does not
apply because two of the three requirements, as laid down in Scott v The
London and St Katherine Docks Company (1865) 3 H & C 596 (“Scott”) (followed
in BNJ (suing by her lawful father and litigation representative, B) v SMRT
Trains Ltd and another [2014] 2 SLR 7 (“BNJ”) at [137]–[138]), have not been
satisfied. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Appellant’s case at paras 40, 50, 59.

19 First, the appellant submits that it cannot be said that “the occurrence
[was] such that it would not have happened without negligence”, ie, the fire
could have occurred even without negligence. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Appellant’s case at paras 41, 53.

That is because there were other possible and credible explanations for the
fire that occurred (as seen from the various expert reports), including non-
negligent causes, none of which was shown to be more probable than the other.
41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Appellant’s case at paras 42–43, 50.

None of the possible electrical causes stated in these reports has been
established to be related to the appellant’s negligence. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Appellant’s case at para 45.

The causes identified by the various reports were electrical in nature and
were therefore unrelated to the appellant’s unlicensed use of its premises as
a workers’ quarters. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Appellant’s case at para 45.

The electrical installations on the premises were also checked regularly and
there was a valid Electrical Installation Licence (“the Licence”) in respect
of the appellant’s premises at all material times. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Appellant’s case at para 46.

20 Next, the appellant submits that the requirement that the cause of the
accident be unknown is also not satisfied. It cannot be said that “there [was]
no evidence as to why or how the occurrence took place” 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s case at para 59.

since there is “ample evidence on the possible causes of the [f]ire” 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s case at para 59.

as seen from the various expert reports, all of which suggest that electrical
appliances were the possible causes of the fire. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Appellant’s case at paras 64–65.

It was then incumbent on the Judge to determine the most likely cause of the
fire, rather than rely on the rule of res ipsa loquitur. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Appellant’s case at para 66.

The appellant argues that the present case can be distinguished from that of
Shimizu Corp v Lim Tiang Chuan and another (The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd,
third party) [1993] 2 SLR(R) 45 (“Shimizu”), because in Shimizu, there was no
evidence whatsoever on the possible cause of the fire. There was no expert
evidence and all other evidence before the trial judge was either
inadmissible, had no probative value, or was not corroborated by other
evidence. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Appellant’s case at paras 62–63.

21 In addition, the appellant contends that it did not breach its duty of care
to the respondent. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Appellant’s case at paras 68–69.

The appellant argues that the Judge erred in relying on its breaches of the
FSA to find that it had breached its duty of care, as a breach of statutory
regulations does not automatically equate to a breach of a common law duty of
care (relying on Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan Boon Kwee
[2011] 2 SLR 146 (“Animal Concerns”) at [21]–[23]). 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Appellant’s case at paras 72–75.

Further, the appellant’s breaches of the FSA were not causally relevant to the
occurrence of the fire as they did not increase the risk of fire occurring on
its premises. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Appellant’s case at paras 80–82.

The charges that the appellant faced under s 30(1) of the FSA pertained to the
lack of “fire safety measures”. According to the appellant, the inadequacy of
these measures did not materially increase the risk of outbreak of fire 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Appellant’s case at para 85.

because the additional fire safety measure that the SCDF’s Fire Code 2007
required the appellant to install for “workers’ dormitories”, specifically an
additional means of escape for the occupants, would not have made any
difference to the likelihood of fire occurring on its premises. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Appellant’s case at para 87.

Although the appellant also faced charges under s 24(1) of the FSA, these
pertained to the erection of structures that were not located near the rear of
its premises, which was the location that the various expert reports posited
that the fire took place. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Appellant’s case at paras 89–96.

Hence, the appellant submits that its breaches of the FSA were irrelevant to
any alleged breach of its duty of care to the respondent.

22 The appellant also argues that it did not act in breach of its duty of care
as there were no fire hazards on the premises. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Appellant’s case para 99.

The appellant did not receive any notice to abate fire hazards. It was also
not charged by the SCDF for failure to comply with such notices. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Appellant’s case at paras 102–104.

23 Next, the appellant argues that it had taken adequate care to prevent the
spread of the fire. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Appellant’s case para 99.

This relates to the respondent’s alternative case. First, the various expert
reports concluded that the fire was probably due to electrical causes. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Appellant’s case para 109.

The appellant had taken due care to ensure that the general electrical
wirings, fittings, circuitry, and appliances in its premises were safe.
Second, although the workers used cooking and other electrical appliances on
the appellant’s premises, it is inconceivable that the use of these
appliances, without more, would amount to a fire hazard or raise the
likelihood of fire. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Appellant’s case para 115.

Third, there were fire suppression measures on the ground floor of the
premises, including a fire alarm system, a fire extinguisher near the switch
room, and a hose reel. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Appellant’s case at para 121.

Fourth, the evidence shows that the appellant’s workers attempted to fight the
fire. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Appellant’s case at paras 122–123.

Finally, when the fire became uncontrollable, the workers were justified in
not attempting to further suppress it because such efforts would have been
futile. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Appellant’s case at paras 124–126.

24 Finally, the appellant submits that even if it had breached its duty of
care to the respondent by using its premises as a workers’ dormitory where
cooking was permitted, this breach was not causally linked to the loss
suffered by the respondent. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Appellant’s case at para 128.

The appellant’s workers’ cooking activities did not cause the fire. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Appellant’s case at paras 130–134.

In any case, the appellant submits that there were other possible causes of
the fire that were not related to the appellant’s negligence (as seen from the
various expert reports) and that it is the respondent’s burden to prove that
the breach had indeed caused the loss. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Appellant’s case at paras 138–143.

There is also no satisfactory evidence that the allegedly negligent cause of
the fire (ie, cooking and/or breaches of the FSA) was more likely than other
non-negligent causes. Therefore, the appellant’s alleged breaches of its duty
of care, if any, have not been shown to be causative of the respondent’s loss.
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Appellant’s case at para 144.

25 The appellant acknowledges that the points raised in relation to the breach
of its duty of care and causation (summarised above from [21]–[24]) are “new
points” and seeks leave to introduce them pursuant to O 57 r 9A(4)(b) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). Key to the present appeal
is the new argument that the various expert reports reveal other possible and
credible causes of the fire. This forms the foundation of the two new
arguments advanced by the appellant on appeal. The appellant applied to raise
these two new arguments which will be considered below at [33]–[38].

The respondent’s case

26 The respondent’s position is that the Judge was correct in applying res
ipsa loquitur to the present case. It submits that the incident would not have
happened in the ordinary course of things if proper care had been taken. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Respondent’s case at para 18.

Contrary to what the appellant suggests, the existence of possible non-
negligent explanations for the loss does not exclude the application of res
ipsa loquitur. Such an argument, according to the respondent’s counsel, Ms
Marina Chin, would lead to the absurd result that a defendant can evade the
application of the rule simply by alleging possible causes of an incident,
even though these are merely lesser causes, ie, causes that cannot be proven
on a balance of probabilities. By way of an example, the respondent relies on
Teng Ah Kow and another v Ho Sek Chiu and others [1993] 3 SLR(R) 43 (“Teng Ah
Kow”) at [31] and [35]. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Respondent’s case at para 18.

27 Further, the respondent argues that the appellant cannot rely on the
existence of competing and credible non-negligent potential causes for the
fire to demonstrate that res ipsa loquitur does not apply, because these
alleged potential causes are inconsistent with the appellant’s pleaded case.
70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Respondent’s case at paras 23–24.

Relying on Feoso (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Faith Maritime Co Ltd [2003] 3 SLR(R)
556 (“Feoso”) at [34], it submits that the court should not grant leave to the
appellant to introduce this new point. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Respondent’s case at para 5.

In addition, it argues that the evidence does not prove that the causes relied
on by the appellant were indeed competing and credible non-negligent causes.
72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Respondent’s case at para 22(b).

According to the respondent, the reports by the SCDF and Burgoyne were both
inconclusive as regards the cause of the fire. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Respondent’s case at paras 26–27.

The report by Approved has no probative value since the maker of the report
was not called to testify. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Respondent’s case at para 28(c).

28 The respondent also submits that res ipsa loquitur applies to the present
case as the cause of the fire is unknown. It contends that the appellant’s
argument that there must be “no evidence” whatsoever as to how the incident
occurred before the rule is applicable is legally flawed. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Respondent’s case at para 30.

The fact that possible hypothetical inferences on the cause of the incident
may be drawn is no bar to a reliance on res ipsa loquitur if such inferences
cannot properly be drawn on a balance of probabilities. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Respondent’s case at para 31.

29 It is also the respondent’s case that the appellant has failed to discharge
its evidential burden of showing that it was not negligent in causing the fire
to start on its premises. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Respondent’s case at para 38.

It is undeniable that the appellant had permitted its premises to be used as
accommodation for workers in contravention of the FSA. These breaches were not
irrelevant to the issue of the appellant’s negligence. After all, the
appellant was charged under s 30(1) of the FSA for causing its existing fire
safety measures to become inadequate. These fire safety measures, as defined
under s 2 of the FSA, include measures for “preventing or limiting a fire”.
The inadequacies of the appellant’s fire safety measures would therefore have
contributed to the spread of the fire to the respondent’s premises. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Respondent’s case at para 47.

Further, it is not disputed that cooking activities did take place on the
appellant’s premises on the night of the fire as late as past 11.15pm, less
than three hours before the fire. Various workers slept after midnight. The
backyard was also cluttered with many electrical cooking appliances, including
six refrigerators, rice cookers, heaters, and kettles. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Respondent’s case at para 52; Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at p 202; ROA Vol 3F at p
68.

Although the appellant claims that it had taken due care to ensure that the
general electrical wirings, fittings, circuitry and/or appliances in its
premises were safe, for instance by checking the electrical installations
regularly, it failed to produce any evidence to show that such checks were
carried out. 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Respondent’s case at paras 55–56.

30 In all the circumstances, the respondent submits that the appellant failed
to provide a credible account as to what happened on the night in question.
The Judge was therefore correct in applying res ipsa loquitur and in holding
that the appellant had failed to demonstrate that it had not been negligent.
81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Respondent’s case at para 78.

31 Further and alternatively, the respondent submits that the appellant
should, in any event, be found liable in negligence for failing to take
sufficient steps to prevent the fire from spreading to the respondent’s
premises. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Respondent’s case at para 74.

The key issue

32 The central issue in this appeal is whether the Judge was correct to have
applied res ipsa loquitur to the present case and, if so, whether the
appellant has rebutted the evidential presumption of negligence.

Our decision

The appellant’s new arguments

33 The two arguments raised by the appellant on appeal to challenge the
Judge’s finding on the applicability of res ipsa loquitur are admittedly new.
These new arguments are based entirely on the expert reports which were
categorically disavowed by the appellant at the trial. The question which
arises is whether the appellant can now rely on these expert reports in the
appeal. If the answer is in the negative, then these new arguments are non-
starters.

34 We note that the new arguments run contrary to the appellant’s pleaded
case. In its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 1), the appellant pleaded
that “[n]one of the 3 investigations” that were conducted by the SCDF,
Burgoyne, and Approved, “could identify the actual cause of the fire and all
of them differed materially in their findings on the probable area of origin
of fire and the probable cause of fire”. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

ROA Vol 2 at p 25 (paras 5A and 5B).

This pleading contradicts the two new arguments and understandably so, given
that the appellant’s primary defence at trial was that the fire had originated
from the respondent’s premises instead. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

ROA Vol 2 at p 28.

35 Acknowledging that these arguments are “new points not taken in the [c]ourt
below”, the appellant seeks leave of court pursuant to O 57 r 9A(4)(b) of the
ROC to introduce them in this appeal. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Appellant’s case at para 38.

The respondent argues that leave should not be granted because the new points
contradict the appellant’s pleaded case. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Respondent’s case at para 5.

36 There is, strictly speaking, no legal impediment for the appellant to raise
these points on appeal even if it did not plead any of the competing causes of
the fire. The mere fact that a party raises a new point that contradicts its
pleaded case does not invariably lead to the denial of leave to raise the new
point on appeal. In Feoso, leave was denied not merely because the new point
raised contradicted its pleaded case but, more importantly, because further
findings and evidence might well have been made, given, or raised had the
arguments been raised below. In the result, the court was “deprived of any
findings and reasoning of the [court below] on the [new] point”. The court
relied on the observations of Lord Birkenhead LC in North Staffordshire
Railway Company v Edge [1920] AC 254 at 263 to 264:

The efficiency and the authority of a Court of Appeal … are increased and
strengthened by the opinions of learned judges who have considered these
matters below. To acquiesce in such an attempt as the appellants have made in
this case is in effect to undertake decisions which may be of the highest
importance without having received any assistance at all from the judges in
the Courts below.

37 The present case is quite different. First, the new arguments do not
require any amendments to the pleadings. Second, the appellant is relying on
the expert reports already before the court to make good the new arguments.
Hence, there is no question of adducing fresh evidence. Finally, it is notable
that the Judge carefully considered the other possible causes of fire that
were raised by the expert reports in relation to the application of res ipsa
loquitur (see the Judgment at [105]–[115]). In any case, it is the respondent
and not the appellant who bears the burden of establishing the requirements of
res ipsa loquitur such that the appellant can prima facie be found negligent.
The respondent will only succeed in doing so if it is able, “[o]n the
assumption that a submission of no case is then made”, show that on the
evidence, in the ordinary course of things, the accident was “more likely than
not” caused by the appellant’s negligence (see Lloyde v West Midlands Gas
Board [1971] 1 WLR 749 (“Lloyde”) at 755–756). In this appeal, the appellant
is relying on the same expert reports to rebut the inference of negligence.
The fact that the appellant had renounced the expert reports in the court
below does not alter whatever probative value these reports might otherwise
have on the issue of the appellant’s alleged negligence. The appellant should
be entitled to rely on all the evidence already before the court to seek to
displace the application of the rule, if possible. It is then for the court to
make findings on that evidence and determine the weight that should be
assigned to it.

38 That having been said, the appellant has to contend with the fact the
expert reports' conclusions on the cause of the fire were not subject to
cross-examination as its focus below was on challenging the conclusions in the
reports that the fire started on the appellant’s (as opposed to the
respondent’s) premises. Equally, in making its case on appeal in reliance on
the expert reports, the appellant cannot ignore its own submissions below when
it described the reports as “speculative” 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

ROA Vol 4A at p 184 (para 34).

or “not sustainable”. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

ROA Vol 4A at p 184 (para 38).

Both these observations obviously reflect the appellant’s own assessment of
the weight that ought to be attributed to the expert reports. However, whether
the appellant can ultimately rely on the expert reports to successfully rebut
the presumption or to displace the application of res ipsa loquitur is
separate and distinct from the question whether it can raise the new arguments
on appeal. In our view, the fact that the appellant had renounced the expert
reports below does not disentitle it from raising the new arguments in
reliance on the expert reports. We emphasise, however, that whether a party is
granted leave under O 57 r 9A(4)(b) of the ROC to introduce on appeal new
points not taken in the court below – in particular, points that represent a
substantial departure from the position taken below by that party – will be
the subject of careful consideration in each case, having due regard to
factors including (a) the nature of the parties’ arguments below; (b) whether
the court had considered and provided any findings and reasoning in relation
to the new point; (c) whether further submissions, evidence, or findings would
have been necessitated had the new points been raised below; and (d) any
prejudice that might result to the counterparty in the appeal if leave were to
be granted. On the facts of the present case, we are satisfied for the
foregoing reasons that leave should be granted to the appellant to raise the
new arguments before us.

Res ipsa loquitur

39 It is perhaps apposite to begin by examining the principles governing the
application of res ipsa loquitur. It is undisputed that at law, the legal
burden is on the plaintiff to prove on the balance of probabilities that the
defendant was negligent in order for the plaintiff to succeed in the action.
Res ipsa loquitur is a rule of evidence that enables a plaintiff to establish
a prima facie case of negligence in the event that there is insufficient
direct evidence to establish the cause of the accident in a situation where
the accident would not have occurred in the ordinary course of things had
proper care been exercised, ie, absent any negligence. The three requirements
for the application of res ipsa loquitur are identified in the seminal case of
Scott (see also Tesa Tape Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Wing Seng Logistics Pte Ltd
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 116 (“Tesa Tape”) at [21]; Teng Ah Kow at [23]):

(a) the defendant must have been in control of the situation or thing which
resulted in the accident (“the first requirement”);

(b) the accident would not have happened, in the ordinary course of things, if
proper care had been taken (“the second requirement”); and

(c) the cause of the accident must be unknown (“the third requirement”).

40 Once the three requirements are satisfied, the evidential burden shifts to
the defendant to rebut the prima facie case of negligence (see Teng Ah Kow at
[22]). For this appeal, only the second and third requirements are in dispute.

41 Res ipsa loquitur has been applied in different settings. As the present
case concerns losses arising from a fire, it is fitting to examine its
application in the specific context of fire outbreaks where the precise cause
of the fire is unknown. In this context, it must be borne in mind that the
mere occurrence of a fire does not in itself give rise to the inference of
negligence (see Wayfoong Credit Limited and others v Tsui Siu Man t/a Wilson
Plastics Manufactory [1984] HKCA 205 (“Wayfoong”) at [59]; Sochacki v Sas and
another [1947] 1 All ER 344 at 345, which is cited with approval in Paquette v
Labelle (1981) 33 O.R. (2d) 425 (“Paquette”)). This is not controversial
because fires may occur without negligence on anybody’s part. This does not
cease to be a fact merely because the particular premises and operations
carried on therein are under the exclusive control of the defendant or a
person for whom he is responsible (see Flannigan v British Dyewood Company
Limited [1970] SLT 285 at 289). In every case, the court must necessarily
examine the circumstances under which the fire started in order to determine
whether the res ipsa loquitur rule is applicable.

Examining cases involving fire outbreaks

42 We believe it will be useful to analyse prior cases involving fire
outbreaks so as to discern the reasons why, and the circumstances under which,
the res ipsa loquitur rule may or may not be found to be applicable. A
consideration of the cases will assist us to identify a set of principles that
can then be applied to the present case to determine if the rule is applicable
on the facts of the present case.

43 We begin with the cases where the rule was found to be inapplicable. One of
the key cases that the appellant relied upon was Wayfoong. In that case, the
cause of a fire that broke out on the 8th floor of an industrial building was
unknown. The Hong Kong Court of Appeal held that the evidence was insufficient
to support a finding of res ipsa loquitur. The court found that in all
likelihood the 8th floor had been left untouched for some three hours before
the fire. No heaters had been left on and there was nothing liable to
spontaneous combustion in the premises. When the fire actually started, how it
actually started, how long it smouldered before it really took hold, and how
easily it might have been detected during that period, were all matters of
pure speculation. There was no evidence as to who might have been in the
premises, as to whether there was an electrical storm, electrical fault, or a
defective switch, or as to whether there was a third party in the premises.
The court also identified several ways by which an electrical fault could have
occurred. In the light of all the circumstances, the court did not apply the
rule as it found that the evidence could not be regarded as anything other
than “equivocal” (Wayfoong at [16]). Wayfoong is an example of a case where
there is an absence of evidence to indicate any breach or negligence on the
part of the defendant. In such a situation, res ipsa loquitur does not apply
at all. The evidential burden does not shift to the defendant to rebut the
inference of negligence.

44 In Wayfoong, the plaintiff pleaded that the defendant was negligent in that
it kept stocks of plastic materials and dolls on its premises and did not
employ a night watchman. This allegation was directed only at the spread of
the fire. As such, there was no pleaded allegation against the plaintiff as
regards the cause of the fire. The trial judge rejected the suggested breach
of statutory duty in failing to employ a night watchman but found that the
defendant was negligent in keeping four tons of plastic dolls in the premises
because once ignited, “[the fire] was not easy to extinguish”. Hence, the
finding of negligence by the trial judge was not in relation to the cause of
the fire, only its spread. For completeness, we should add that this finding
of negligence in connection with the spread of fire was, in any event,
overturned by the Hong Kong Court of Appeal.

45 Similarly, in Paquette, a fire of unknown origin broke out in the
defendant’s automobile body repair and painting shop and spread to the
plaintiff’s premises. The Ontario Court of Appeal held that the rule did not
apply because there was no evidence to show any negligence on the part of the
defendant or his servants. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 206.

There was also no evidence to identify the object that formed the source of
the fire. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 206.

The evidence also indicated that no repair or painting operation had been
carried out for more than 24 hours prior to the outbreak of the fire. The
court rejected the trial judge’s finding that the fire occurred as a result of
spontaneous combustion as there was no evidence of any material of any kind on
the floor of the premises; the floor was clean. There was also no evidence
that any person was in the premises at the relevant time. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Respondent’s BOA at pp 199–200, 208.

46 Finally, in Blue and White Barra Pty Ltd v Solley [2001] SASC 194 (“Blue
and White Barra”), the Supreme Court of South Australia declined to apply res
ipsa loquitur to determine the cause of a fire that began in an electrical
switchboard at the appellant’s fish farm. The respondent was an electrician
who performed all the electrical work associated with the fish farm. The
plaintiff’s expert identified 10 possible causes of the fire, including damage
by rodents, ageing of insulation, and electrical failure due to a loose
connection (a negligent cause). Although the expert ruled out some of the 10
possible causes of the fire, the court concluded that this was a case where it
was “simply not possible to identify any one as being more likely than
another” (see Blue and White Barra at [67]). The evidence “fell short of
identifying a cause attributable to fault on the part of the [defendant] which
was more likely than other possible causes, at least one of which would not
have involved fault on his part” (see Blue and White Barra at [78]).

47 From the above cases, we observe that the courts have generally declined to
apply res ipsa loquitur in situations where there is simply no evidence of any
act or omission (including any breach of statutory duty) by the defendant that
could have caused the fire. In addressing the second requirement (see [39(b)]
above), the court must necessarily examine whether there was any act or
omission on the part of the defendant that could have caused the fire. Absent
that, the rule simply does not apply.

48 We now turn to examine the cases where the rule was applied. We begin with
Teng Ah Kow. In that case, the plaintiffs were cooks employed by the
defendants who owned the restaurant where the plaintiffs worked. The
plaintiffs suffered burns when they turned on a gas powered stove to cook and
an explosion and fire occurred. This court held that the circumstances were
sufficient for res ipsa loquitur to apply. It was admitted that the cap on one
of the three gas cylinders was faulty. The court held that it was not for the
plaintiffs to explain why the explosion and the fire occurred and to
specifically identify which cylinder was turned on by one of the cooks; they
were entitled to expect the defendant employers to provide them with safe
equipment to do their work and/or a safe system of work. Two other
possibilities were canvassed, including the tampering of the gas cylinder
(which was suggested by the expert) and the intrusion by a third party into
the premises. However, the court found that there was insufficient evidence to
find that either of these possibilities was the cause of the fire. They were
“no more than a possibility”. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Teng Ah Kow at [31], [35] and [36].

49 In Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception v Robert J Fudge Ltd
[1988] NBJ No 322 (“Sisters of Charity”), a fire broke out on the roof of the
plaintiff’s premises where the defendant was carrying out repair works. The
New Brunswick Court of Appeal held that the requirements for the application
of res ipsa loquitur were satisfied. On the evidence, the defendant had
“created a risk of fire” when he left hot tarred mops on the roof contrary to
the Fire Protection Handbook. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 212.

The court acknowledged that whilst fires could occur without negligence, the
respondent’s negligence in improperly storing the hot tarred mops near
combustible materials (such as roofing paper and untreated paper) led to the
conclusion that “in the ordinary course of events no fire would have occurred
if the [defendant] had used proper care”. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 225.

The possibility of lightning being the cause of the fire was discussed.
However, the court held that “the negligent handling of the mops, by operation
of law, brought that cause of the fire into the realm of probabilities”. 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 213.

The defendant was therefore “taken to have caused the injury by (its) breach
of duty”. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 212.

In so finding, the court was persuaded by the principles laid down in Wilsher
v Essex Area Health Authority [1987] 1 QB 730 at 771–772:

… If it is an established fact that conduct of a particular kind creates a
risk that injury will be caused to another or increases an existing risk that
injury will ensue; and if the two parties stand in such a relationship that
the one party owes a duty not to conduct himself in that way; and if the party
does conduct himself in that way; and if the other party does suffer injury of
the kind to which the injury related; then the first party is taken to have
caused the injury by his breach of duty, even though the existence and extent
of the contribution made by the breach cannot be ascertained. … [emphasis
added]

50 Thus, it can be seen that where the defendant has committed a negligent act
or omission, the court is more likely to apply the rule where such negligent
act or omission has created or increased the risk of the occurrence of fire.
This would cause his negligence (as a cause of the fire) to shift into the
“realm of probabilities” (see Sisters of Charity; referred to above at [49]).
In order to raise a prima facie inference of negligence, the plaintiff must
“at the close of [its] case” and “[o]n the assumption that a submission of no
case is then made”, show that on the evidence, in the ordinary course of
things, the accident was “more likely than not” caused by the defendant’s
negligence (see Lloyde referred to above at [37]). With these principles in
mind, we now consider whether res ipsa loquitur was correctly applied by the
Judge in the present case, bearing in mind the appellant’s various convictions
for its contraventions of the FSA.

Whether res ipsa loquitur applies in the present case

The significance of the appellant’s breaches of the FSA

51 As previously mentioned, the appellant had committed various breaches of
the FSA. After the fire, the SCDF charged the appellant for breaches of ss
24(1) and 30(1) of the FSA. There were a total of eight charges; 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 88-95.

the appellant pleaded guilty to five of the charges and the remaining three
charges were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at 176.

The charges against the appellant centred on the conversion of its premises
into a place of accommodation without the SCDF’s approval. The appellant also
received notifications of its breaches of ss 24(1) and 30(1) on two prior
occasions (ie, on 6 October 2009 and 25 May 2012). 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 165–172.

52 In our view, the appellant’s breaches and its subsequent convictions under
the FSA are particularly relevant to the court’s assessment of whether the
second requirement of res ipsa loquitur is satisfied. The convictions present
the clearest objective evidence that the appellant had, by its conduct,
increased the risk of fire on its premises. In examining whether the FSA
convictions had any nexus to the increase in the risk of fire, it is relevant
to consider whether the convictions concerned acts or omissions that occurred
in the location where the fire started. This approach is illustrated in
Sisters of Charity where the tarred mops were carelessly left behind on the
roof, which was the place where the fire occurred. Although it could not be
established that the fire was caused by the tarred mops, the court held that
“the negligent handling of the mops, by operation of law, brought that cause
of the fire into the realm of probabilities”. This is to be contrasted with
Wayfoong where there was no evidence as to the location where the fire
started.

53 Here, it is significant that the location where the fire started was in the
backyard of the appellant’s premises which included the unauthorised
accommodation area. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 62, 74, 79.

It is undisputed that the use of the premises for accommodation resulted in
the presence of “[n]umerous electrical appliances and electrical wirings”, 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 99.

including six refrigerators, 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at p 202; ROA Vol 3F at p 68.

two televisions, 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at p 14; ROA Vol 3F at p 6 (para 14).

electrical cooking appliances, 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 216 (lines 9–10), 218 (line 23).

and fans. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 105.

In this appeal, the appellant relies on the expert reports and submits that
the cause of the fire was possibly electrical in nature. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Appellant’s case at para 65; Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at pp 99 (para 8(d)), 160.

However, the presence of these electrical appliances on the premises was
entirely due to the appellant’s use of its premises for unauthorised
accommodation of its workers. This submission therefore does not serve in any
way to exculpate the appellant. It is also common ground that the appellant
allowed the workers to cook on the premises. The pantry area where the cooking
took place was in close proximity to the area where the fire started – it was
immediately behind the accommodation area. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

ROA Vol 3K at p 69; ROA Vol 4B at p 5; CB Vol 2 at p 79.

At the time of the fire, there were 10 workers living in the premises. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at p 200.

They were cooking past 11.15pm, 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

CB Vol 2 at p 23.

less than three hours before the fire started. These workers would not have
been present at, much less cooking on, the appellant’s premises at the
material time but for the appellant’s contraventions of the FSA. Finally, it
cannot be seriously denied that the appellant’s breaches of the FSA had
“compromised the fire safety of [its] premises”. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Judgment at [104] and [108].

In the circumstances, the appellant had, by reason of the very conduct that
led to repeated convictions under the FSA (for acts and/or omissions occurring
at the location where the fire started), thereby increased the risk of fire
occurring on its premises. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Judgment at [115].

In fact, the SCDF reported that “[o]ne of the electrical entities may be a
possible cause of the fire”. Such increase in risk made it more probable that
the fire would not have occurred if proper care had been taken by the
appellant. Put simply, this brought the appellant’s breaches of the FSA as a
cause of the fire into the “realm of probabilities”.

54 The appellant argues that its breaches of the FSA do not equate to a breach
of its duty of care to the respondent. It relies on the Singapore High Court’s
decision in Virco Metal Industries Pte Ltd and another v Carltech Trading and
Industries Pte Ltd and others [1999] 2 SLR(R) 503 (“Virco”). 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Appellant’s case at para 77.

In that case, a fire broke out in the premises of the second defendant, who
was a tenant in an industrial building owned by the first defendant. The fire
spread to the premises of the first plaintiff, which was likewise a tenant
within the same building. The first plaintiff commenced an action for damages
for the losses it suffered. The defendants contended that the first
plaintiff’s losses could not be recovered because the first plaintiff had used
its premises in breach of the Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Rev Ed) (“Factories
Act”). It was not disputed that the first plaintiff had indeed breached the
Factories Act as it was operating a factory on the premises without a factory
licence. However, the High Court held that nothing in that breach could give
the first defendant a cause of action or a defence (see Virco at [20]). The
appellant relies on this case to illustrate that its breaches of the FSA are
analytically distinct from the question of whether it had breached its duty of
care to the respondent.

55 We find that Virco does not remotely assist the appellant. In Virco, the
High Court found that the first defendant could not rely on the first
plaintiff’s breach of the Factories Act as a defence because the property loss
suffered by the first plaintiff from the fire, had nothing to do with the
object of the Factories Act, which was the protection of workmen (see Virco at
[21]–[22]). Unlike the present case, there was no suggestion in Virco that the
first plaintiff’s unlicensed use was in breach of the FSA (as opposed to the
Factories Act) or had in any way compromised its safety standards.
Furthermore, there was no link whatsoever between the breach of the Factories
Act with the fire. There was also no suggestion that the breach had increased
the risk of fire on the premises. Liability would only arise if it could be
established that Parliament intended breach of the relevant statutory duty to
be actionable by the individual harmed by that breach (see Virco at [20]).
However, it was not Parliament’s intention to allow the first defendant to
rely on a technical breach of the Factories Act to bar recovery of the losses
suffered by the first plaintiff arising from a fire for which the first
defendant was responsible. In the present case, quite unlike Virco, the
appellant’s contraventions of the FSA had in fact increased the risk of fire
occurring on its premises. The legislative object of the FSA is to “prescribe
minimum fire safety standards”, to “ensure that these are implemented,
complied with and effectively enforced” for the “protect[ion] [of] lives and
property” [emphasis added] (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report
(10 November 1993) vol 61 at cols 940 to 941). The respondent’s premises would
constitute “property” which the FSA was designed to protect. In Virco at [22],
the High Court held that “[t]he loss which is the subject of the present
action has nothing to do with the object of the Factories Act”. The present
case calls for exactly the opposite conclusion. Loss such as that which
resulted from the fire that occurred on the appellant’s premises on that
fateful night in September 2012 was precisely that which was sought to be
prevented by the FSA.

56 In any case, Virco only goes so far as to establish that breach of a
statutory duty does not ipso facto give rise to a concomitant breach of a
common law duty of care. This principle is well-settled (see Animal Concerns
at [21]; Jurong Primewide Pte Ltd v Moh Seng Cranes Pte Ltd and others [2014]
2 SLR 360 (“Jurong Primewide”) at [37]). However, it is equally well-
established that the existence and scope of a statutory duty may “form the
backdrop to and inform the existence (or lack thereof) of a common law duty of
care” (see Animal Concerns at [22]). Further, in Jurong Primewide, this court
held at [36] and [43] that the prevailing regulatory framework in that case
(ie, the Workplace Health and Safety Act (Cap 354A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Workplace
Health and Safety Act”) and its relevant regulations) had “a significant
bearing on [the court’s] analysis of the parties’ conduct, their legal
responsibilities and the imputation of negligence” and that the “stipulations
under the [Workplace Health and Safety Act] would … be relevant in pitching
the standard of care”. Likewise, in the present case, the FSA would be
relevant in informing the court of the standard of care expected of the
appellant. Breaches of the FSA would then provide the backdrop for our
assessment (see [51]–[53] above) as to whether the circumstances under which
the fire occurred justified an inference of negligence on the appellant’s
part.

57 The appellant asserts that none of the offences under the FSA that it had
committed has any bearing on the question of whether res ipsa loquitur should
be applied, because its commission of those offences did not increase the risk
of a fire outbreak on its premises. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Appellant’s case at para 79.

Implicit in the appellant’s submission is that if its conduct amounting to
offences under the FSA had indeed increased the risk of fire, then its
convictions for those offences would be relevant to the court’s decision on
whether to draw an inference of negligence. The appellant argues that its
breaches of s 30(1) of the FSA are irrelevant to the outbreak of the fire
because even if it had complied with s 30(1) to request for the Commissioner’s
approval to use the premises as a workers’ dormitory, “the only relevant
change which the [a]ppellant would have had to make on [its premises] would be
the installation of additional means of escape for the occupants”. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Appellant’s case at para 87.

In our view, such an argument is entirely speculative because s 30(3) of the
FSA gives the Commissioner the discretion to “grant permission for the change
of use, subject to such conditions as he may impose”. The court is simply not
in a position to speak on the nature of the terms the Commissioner might or
would have imposed on the appellant after reviewing the physical condition of
the appellant’s premises if the appellant had applied for the requisite
permission. This would amount to nothing more than speculation on the court’s
part and we decline to do so. More crucially, the fact that the Commissioner’s
approval was not sought also meant that there was no occasion for the
Commissioner to even consider the conditions that he might have imposed. It
follows that the Commissioner would have no reason to inspect the appellant’s
premises to ensure that the fire safety measures were adequate for the use of
its premises for resting and cooking. The possibility that the Commissioner
might simply have rejected the appellant’s application for conversion of the
premises for use as workers’ accommodation altogether cannot be ruled out
either. This was in fact conceded by the appellant’s Project Director, Mr Teo
Boon Len, under cross-examination when he testified that the Ministry of
Manpower and the appellant’s landlord, Jurong Town Corporation, would not have
approved the use of the premises for accommodation. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 2 at pp 199 (lines 12–14), 204 (lines 9–13).

In the circumstances, the appellant’s assertion that its breaches of the FSA
did not increase the risk of fire is simply untenable.

58 In relation to the appellant’s breaches of s 24(1) of the FSA, the
appellant argues that the structures that were erected (and which formed the
subject matter of the s 24(1) charges) were nowhere near the rear of the
premises, which was the location that the various expert reports posited was
the origin of the fire. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Appellant’s case at para 92.

The SCDF report stated that the fire could have originated from the location
of the “severely damaged wooden shelves in the backyard of [the appellant’s
premises]”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 74, 79.

The Burgoyne report stated that the fire started at the “rear northern store
of [the appellant’s premises]”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

CB Vol 2 at p 62.

The s 24(1) charges the appellant faced pertained to the “erection of
accommodation area using metal container at the drive way and open areas of
[the premises]”, 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

CB Vol 2 at p 93.

the “erection of [a] roof structure at the rear of [the premises], 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

CB Vol 2 at p 94.

and the “erection of [a] pantry area at the staircase landing of [the
premises]”. 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

CB Vol 2 at p 95.

The appellant argues that even if the Commissioner’s approval had been sought
prior to the erection of these structures, it would not have made any
difference to the likelihood of the fire occurring. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Appellant’s case at para 95.

59 With respect, this argument misses the point. While it may be unclear
whether the specific breaches of s 24(1) of the FSA were directly causative of
the fire, it cannot be disputed that the breaches led to the appellant’s
unauthorised use of its premises as an accommodation area where the electrical
appliances were located and, for the reasons discussed above at [52]–[53],
increased the risk of fire occurring on the premises. The appellant’s breaches
of the FSA form the backdrop to our finding that it had more likely than not
breached its duty of care to the respondent because the breaches undeniably
increased the risk of fire occurring on the appellant’s premises.

When would the possibility of other causes preclude or displace the
application of the rule?

60 At the close of the hearing of the appeal, we invited the parties to file
further submissions to address the question as to whether, in order to exclude
the application of res ipsa loquitur, it is incumbent on the defendant to
prove that it had not been negligent in respect of at least one reasonable
explanation of the cause of the damage suffered by the plaintiff. This
pertains to the extent of the appellant’s burden in adducing evidence as to
the cause of the fire before it can successfully displace the application of
the rule. Our direction arose from the appellant’s new argument that the
expert reports had allegedly identified some possible non-negligent
explanations for the fire, and on this basis that the second requirement was
not satisfied. In such a situation, the appellant claims, the thing ceases to
speak for itself.

61 From our review of cases such as Teng Ah Kow at [48] and Sisters Charity at
[49], it is clear that the mere presence of some evidence indicating other
possible causes of the fire has never been sufficient to preclude the
application of res ipsa loquitur. The rule was applied in those cases
notwithstanding the evidence of other possible causes. This in turn begs the
question as to the circumstances in which other possible causes of the fire
would preclude or displace the application of the rule.

62 The appellant’s new argument also raises several sub-issues. Who bears the
burden of proving the other possible competing causes of the fire? And what is
the standard of proof required to discharge that burden? Before addressing
these questions, it is important to understand what is meant by “other
possible competing causes” in the context of res ipsa loquitur. From the
cases, we think such causes fall into two categories. The first concerns “non-
negligent causes” while the second concerns “neutral causes”, in the sense
that the cause is consistent with both negligence and non-negligence of the
defendant.

63 The appellant reiterates in its further submissions that the burden of
proving a claim in negligence rests on the respondent throughout the
proceedings and that res ipsa loquitur does not change the position. We agree
with Ms Chin that this submission obfuscates the distinction between the legal
burden (which is always on the respondent) and the evidential burden which is
shifted to the appellant once the respondent establishes a prima facie case of
negligence.

64 In its further written submissions, the appellant also states that it does
not bear any burden to prove that the fire was started by a non-negligent
cause in order to exclude the application of res ipsa loquitur. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Applicant’s further submissions at paras 3–5.

This is, strictly speaking, correct because the respondent (or a plaintiff
seeking to rely on the rule) will only succeed in demonstrating that the rule
applies if it can, “[o]n the assumption that a submission of no case is then
made”, show that on the evidence, in the ordinary course of things, the
accident was “more likely than not” caused by the defendant’s negligence (see
Lloyde at 755–756; see above at [37]). In other words, the plaintiff may fail
to even raise a prima facie inference of negligence. Nonetheless, the
appellant is at liberty to prove a non-negligent cause (though he is not
obliged to do so) if the evidence is available. The appellant asserts that it
can displace the inference of negligence by referring to the evidence before
the court to show that there was “at least one other plausible explanation
consistent with reasonable care or which does not connote negligence”. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Applicant’s further submissions at para 7.

In making this submission, the appellant accepts that in order to displace the
inference, the appellant bears the burden of establishing two matters: (a) the
existence of a plausible competing cause; and (b) that plausible competing
cause is either (i) consistent with the existence of reasonable care on the
part of the appellant or (ii) does not connote negligence on the part of the
appellant. The appellant, however, adds that this submission is tantamount to
showing “that the accident is as consistent with no negligence as with
negligence”. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Applicant’s further submissions at para 7.

In support, it cites Trindade and Tan at 201. It would appear that the authors
of the article treated these two propositions as synonymous. In our judgment,
the appellant’s submission is erroneous for two related reasons. First,
because res ipsa loquitur is merely a rule of evidence which enables the court
in certain circumstances to arrive at an inference of negligence, the question
before the court at all times remains whether on a balance of probabilities,
it is satisfied that there is negligence. What this means is that it is never
a matter of raising possibilities in order to exclude the application of the
rule. The court must be satisfied at the close of the plaintiff’s case that
the explanation that rests on the negligence of the defendant is that which is
more probable than not; and if the court is satisfied of that, the defendant
can only overcome it by adducing evidence to show that there are other causes
that are more probable. And in relation to this evidential burden on the part
of the defendant, the second point we wish to make is that in order to
displace the inference, it will not suffice for the defendant to establish a
neutral event. Trindade and Tan in fact goes on to explain the utility of the
rule “in flushing out some evidence from the defendant which he would rather
not bring forward” and in helping “a plaintiff to resist a submission of no
case to answer”. The significance of this second point is explained below at
[69]–[71] when we deal with the evidence which was led (or, more accurately,
not led) by the appellant in relation to the alleged electrical faults.

65 The subtle but vital distinction between the burden of establishing a
competing cause which does not connote negligence and that of a neutral cause
is borne out by the authorities. In Barkway v South Wales Transport Co [1948]
2 All ER 460 (“Barkway”) at 471, the English Court of Appeal made the
following observations, which we find instructive:

(i) If the defendants’ omnibus leaves the road and falls down an embankment,
and this without more is proved, then res ipsa loquitur, there is a
presumption that the event is caused by negligence on the part of the
defendants, and the plaintiff succeeds unless the defendants can rebut this
presumption. (ii) It is no rebuttal for the defendants to show, again without
more, that the immediate cause of the omnibus leaving the road is a tyre-
burst, since a tyre-burst per se is a neutral event consistent, and equally
consistent, with negligence or due diligence on the part of the defendants.
When a balance has been tilted one way, you cannot redress it by adding an
equal weight to each scale. The depressed scale will remain down…To displace
the presumption, the defendants must go further and prove (or it must emerge
from the evidence as a whole) either (a) that the burst itself was due to a
specific cause which does not connote negligence on their part but points to
its absence as more probable, or (b), if they can point to no such specific
cause, that they used all reasonable care in and about the management of their
tyres… [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

66 What the passage above shows is that once a prima facie inference of
negligence arises, it is insufficient for the defendant, in its attempt to
rebut the inference, to merely show that the accident was due to a neutral
event. The defendant must go on to show either that (a) this neutral event
does not connote negligence on its part (ie, the event was a non-negligent
cause of the accident); or (b) it had exercised all reasonable care in
relation to that event. In seeking to show a cause which does not connote
negligence, the appellant must positively point to “its absence as more
probable”. This position is also consistent with the case of Colvilles Ltd v
Devine [1969] 1 WLR 475 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Respondent’s further submissions at para 12.

where the House of Lords held that the defence must put forward a “plausible
explanation” (citing Lord Simonds in Woods v Duncan [1946] AC 401 at 441) and
must go further to show that this explanation is “consistent with no
negligence on [the defendant’s] part” (at 477–478).

67 To appreciate this important distinction, it is crucial to bear in mind
that the respondent’s reliance on res ipsa loquitur is premised on the cause
of the fire being unknown. Therefore, it stands to reason that in order for
the appellant to rebut the inference of negligence in respect of a fire which
occurred from an unknown cause in its premises, in circumstances where the
appellant’s conduct constituting breaches of the FSA had increased the risk of
fire, it has to establish a cause which is more probably due to non-
negligence. If that is achieved by the appellant, the inference of negligence
would then be successfully displaced but not otherwise. In contrast, in a
situation where the evidence is equally consistent with negligence as with no
negligence (which is premised on evidence to establish the absence of
negligence in relation to the other plausible cause), then the rule simply
would not apply and the plaintiff would fail at the first hurdle as it would
have failed to satisfy the court that, in the ordinary course of things, the
accident was more likely than not to have been caused by the defendant’s
negligence.

68 The appellant cites the decision of the High Court of Australia in
Schellenberg v Tunnel Holdings Ptv Ltd (2000) 170 ALR 594 (“Schellenberg”) in
aid of its proposition (see above at [64]). That case involved an allegation
of negligence made after the plaintiff was struck in the face by a hose
carrying compressed air, which became loose while he was using it in the
course of his employment with the defendant. In our judgment, Schellenberg
does not assist the appellant. First, the court found at [27] that res ipsa
loquitur did not apply because the cause of the accident was known.
Accordingly, there was no question of displacing the rule. Second, the court
found at [140]–[141] and [146] that there was evidence that the air hose could
have been separated from its coupling for reasons that did not suggest
negligence on the part of the defendant, such as a defect of the air hose or a
sudden surge in air pressure. For that reason, the court held at [146] that
“[t]here was no basis for concluding that the reasons which did not suggest
negligence were any more or less probable causes of what happened than other
reasons which did suggest negligence by the respondent”. Based on the evidence
before the court, the accident was as consistent with no negligence as with
negligence. The evidence in Schellenberg did not connote negligence on the
part of the defendant, quite unlike the present case.

69 In the present case, the appellant has not been able to identify a cause of
the fire which is “consistent with reasonable care or which does not connote
negligence” on its part. This is the relevant inquiry which arises from the
appellant’s own further submission. In our view, the appellant fails on both
scores. The appellant relies on the expert reports to argue that the “other
possible competing cause” of the fire is “electrical”. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Appellant’s case at paras 65, 109.

Given the appellant’s position below, whether the fire was due to an
electrical fault became a non-issue. More importantly, because the appellant
had expressly denied that this was the cause of the fire at the trial, it had
effectively forfeited the opportunity to establish through cross-examination
of the experts that the electrical cause was more probably a non-negligent
cause.

70 It is also material that the expert reports merely identified the
possibility of other physical causes of the fire without expressing any view
as to whether or not there was any negligence with regard to those causes.
This means that the identified possible causes in the reports do not in
themselves preclude the possibility of negligence on the part of the
appellant. In other words, the expert reports are incapable of providing true
assistance to the appellant in showing that the electrical faults were, more
probably than not, non–negligent events.

71 Further, the appellant also did not adduce sufficient evidence to show that
it had exercised all reasonable care in relation to its electrical appliances
and wirings. The appellant relies on the License in its attempt to show that
it had exercised reasonable care (see [19] above). The appellant argues that
in order to obtain the Licence, the appellant is required to employ a licensed
electrical worker to take charge of and maintain its electrical systems. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Appellant’s case at para 46.

In our view, the proper inquiry ought to go beyond establishing the mere
existence of the License. First, no evidence was led at the trial as to what
checks were carried out for the purposes of the License or how regularly this
took place. Second, it is unclear precisely which electrical appliance or
wirings caused the fire, and whether those appliances and/or wirings had been
checked by the electrical worker. This woeful state of the evidence is the
direct product of the manner in which the appellant had deliberately conducted
its case in the court below. Therefore, insofar as the evidential burden is
concerned, the appellant effectively did not lead any evidence to rebut the
inference, ie, to all intents and purposes, the appellant’s response to the
evidence led by the respondent below is no different from a submission of no
case to answer.

72 We are therefore satisfied that the second requirement of res ipsa
loquitur, ie, that the fire was in the ordinary course of things more likely
than not to have been caused by the appellant’s negligence (see Teng Ah Kow at
[22]) is satisfied.

What is meant by the cause is unknown in the context of the rule

73 The appellant submits that the third requirement is not satisfied since
there is ample evidence as to why and how the fire started. According to the
appellant, in order to satisfy the third requirement, “there must be no
evidence as to why or how the occurrence took place” 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Appellant’s case at para 59.

[emphasis added], ie, that there must be a complete “absence of explanation”
on the cause of the fire. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

Appellant’s case at para 60.

And because the expert reports had put forward possible causes of the fire, it
follows that there was ample evidence for the court to draw a conclusion on
the cause of the fire on the balance of probabilities. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Appellant’s case at para 64.

74 This proposition appears to have been inspired by Clerk & Lindsell on Torts
(Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) (“Clerk & Lindsell”) where the authors state
at para 8–172 that in relation to this requirement, “there must be no evidence
as to why or how the occurrence took place. If there is, then appeal to res
ipsa loquitur is inappropriate for the question of the defendant’s negligence
must be determined on that evidence.” 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Respondent’s BOA at p 238.

[emphasis added]

75 In our view, the appellant has misstated the third requirement for the
rule. With respect, the appellant has taken the phrase “there must be no
evidence” out of its context. The authors of Clerk & Lindsell explain the
third requirement of res ipsa loquitur in the following manner (at para
8–175):

Cause of occurrence unknown to claimant. Res ipsa loquitur has no application
when the cause of the occurrence is known. This is because there is then no
need to do more than to decide whether on these facts negligence on the part
of the defendant has been proved or not. … Where the defendant does give
evidence relating to the possible cause of the damage and the level of
precaution taken, the court may still conclude that the evidence provides an
insufficient explanation to displace the inference of negligence. ...
[emphasis added]

76 In stating that “there must be no evidence as to why or how the occurrence
took place”, the authors of Clerk & Lindsell meant to draw a distinction
between cases where the cause of the accident is unknown and cases where the
cause is known (for example, where the cause has been proved or otherwise
established either by admission or common ground between the parties) and
therefore the rule cannot apply. This makes sense because when a cause of the
accident has been established, it ceases to speak for itself and the onus is
then on the plaintiff to prove that the defendant was negligent in relation to
that cause. In other words, the claim would have to be proved in the usual
manner without invoking the prima facie inference of negligence through the
application of res ipsa loquitur. Thus, contrary to Mr Tay’s submission, the
presence of other “possible” causes does not per se mean that the third
requirement of res ipsa loquitur is not satisfied.

77 This position is amply supported by the authorities. As mentioned above at
[48], this court held in Teng Ah Kow that res ipsa loquitur applied even
though there was evidence from an expert that the gas cylinders could have
been tampered with. Similarly, in Shimizu at [8], the Singapore High Court
accepted that the conclusion reached by a field incident report, namely that
the fire was caused by cooking or over-heating of food in the defendant’s
building, was “a possible inference to be drawn”. The court nonetheless held
that “on the balance of probabilities [it] [could not] properly draw this
inference” [emphasis added]. The court applied res ipsa loquitur because “on
the evidence before [it] the true cause of the fire ha[d] not been
established”; it had “not been established to [the court’s] satisfaction that
a kerosene stove had been brought to the defendants’ building and was used in
cooking or heating food and that the fire was caused by over-heating of food
left unattended on the kerosene stove in the defendants’ building”.

78 The distinction (mentioned above at [76]) is also borne out in cases where
the cause of the accident is known. In BNJ, the plaintiff fell on to the
tracks of an MRT station operated by first defendant and owned by second
defendant. She was struck by a train and severely injured. CCTV footage,
eyewitness and expert evidence supported the finding that the plaintiff fell
on to the tracks because she suffered a sudden and unpredictable loss of
consciousness. The court held that res ipsa loquitur did not assist the
plaintiff’s case because the circumstances leading to her injuries were clear.
There was no evidential gap to fill. Where there is no such evidential gap,
the rule has no relevance, even if it can be shown that the defendant was in
control of the thing which inflicted the damage (see BNJ at [139]–[140]).

79 Likewise, in Tesa Tape, the plaintiff and the defendant occupied adjoining
premises. The defendant stacked several rows of containers side-by-side,
creating a large mono-block of containers, which was the standard practice.
During a heavy thunderstorm, some containers fell onto the plaintiff’s land
and damaged the plaintiff’s property. The court found at [21]–[22] that
negligence was established but res ipsa loquitur did not apply as there was
ample evidence as to causation. The court found that “although strong gales
were infrequent, they occurred often enough to be expected”. It held at [16]
that “in the absence of any other reasonable evidence, … on a balance of
probabilities, the collapse of the stacks of containers was substantially, if
not solely, caused by a sudden gust of strong wind during the thunderstorm
that occurred at the material time” [emphasis added].

80 In the present case, the evidence available to the Judge below and on
appeal shows that the precise cause of the fire had not been established on
the balance of probabilities. This was in fact the appellant’s pleaded
position. It would be useful at this juncture to examine the purpose and the
context behind the production of each of the expert reports in order to
determine the probative value of their conclusions on the possible causes of
the fire and the Judge’s application of res ipsa loquitur notwithstanding the
contents of the reports. It appears to us that the purpose and the focus of
the SCDF report was to identify whether the fire was accidental as opposed to
deliberate (and not to determine the precise cause of the fire). The first
page of the SCDF report requires the investigating officer to select one of
two possible options, namely “accidental” or “incendiary”. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

CB Vol 2 at p 68.

If the fire was “deliberately set”, it would be classified as “incendiary”.
134

##### Foot Note 134

×

ROA Vol 3J at p 57 (lines 7–9).

Otherwise, it would be “accidental”. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

ROA Vol 3J at p 57 (lines 15–17).

The Burgoyne report was prepared on the instructions of the respondent’s
insurer. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 152.

The preparation of the Burgoyne report, however, was severely impeded as its
maker was denied physical access to the site until a month later and was not
permitted to interview the witnesses. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at pp 26 (paras 9–10), 152, 154–156.

He was compelled to obtain evidence through the SCDF and Approved. 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at pp 26 (paras 8, 11), 154–156.

We accept the respondent’s submission (see [27] above) that the report by
Approved, which was produced on the instructions of the appellant’s insurer,
has no probative value because its maker was not called as a witness.

81 In our judgment, none of the expert reports presented a cause that can be
proven on a balance of probabilities. Although the SCDF report was prepared
contemporaneously in that the investigations were carried out “immediately
after the fire” and the investigating officers had access to the witnesses,
139

##### Foot Note 139

×

CB Vol 2 at pp 71, 72.

the limitations of the conclusions reached are expressed within the SCDF
report itself. The SCDF report only goes so far as to say that amongst the
“[n]umerous electrical appliances and electrical wirings” at the backyard of
the appellant’s premises, “[o]ne of the electrical entities may be a possible
cause of the fire” 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 99 (para 8(d)).

[emphasis added]. Further, at the trial, Major Rashid Bin Mohd Noor of the
SCDF testified that because most of the electrical entities were badly burnt,
the SCDF had difficulty determining the cause of the fault. 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

ROA Vol 3J at p 94 (lines 19–21).

Likewise, the Burgoyne report was tentative in its conclusions. It concluded
that the “plausible accidental causes” were “carelessly discarded smokers’
materials or an electrical fault occurring at lighting on the premises”. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 160.

Before coming to this conclusion, the Burgoyne report noted that “there was no
clear evidence of the cause of the incident” and that it was only
“consider[ing] the potential likely causes of [the] fire”. 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

CB Vol 2 at p 63.

82 The expert reports were introduced at the trial by the respondent, who
called witnesses from the SCDF and Burgoyne. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Respondent’s case at para 8.

On initial impression, it might seem counterintuitive for the respondent to do
so given that it was (and still is) seeking to invoke the rule of res ipsa
loquitur. However, the respondent did so because it wanted to establish that
neither report arrived at a firm view on the cause of the fire 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

ROA Vol 4A at p 107 (para 126).

(thus satisfying the third requirement for the application of res ipsa
loquitur) as well as to address the appellant’s claim below that the fire
started in the respondent’s premises. 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

ROA Vol 4A at p 67 (para 54).

83 Further, as mentioned above at [38], the appellant’s reliance on the expert
reports is not without difficulty. While the reports generally suggest that
some electrical appliance might be the cause of the fire, they do not provide
sufficient evidence for the court to conclude, on the balance of
probabilities, what exactly caused the fire, be it an electrical appliance or,
as the Burgoyne report suggests, the careless disposal of smokers’ materials.
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

Respondent’s SCB Vol 1 at p 159.

Owing to the appellant’s conduct of its case during the trial, ie, the
position taken below by the appellant that the fire had started in the
respondent’s premises, it renounced the SCDF and the Burgoyne reports.
Therefore, the possible causes of the fire identified by these reports were
not seriously tested through cross-examination. The conclusions the reports
arrived at are, at their highest, mere possibilities. Hence, unlike in cases
such as BNJ and Tesa Tape, we are not satisfied that any particular cause can
be established on the balance of probabilities. Accordingly, we find that the
third requirement is also satisfied.

84 For the avoidance of doubt, we should make it clear that the rule applies
in cases where there is genuine difficulty with establishing the cause of the
incident and not in cases where, merely by reason of the way the case was run,
there was no evidence on the relevant issues before the court. Put another
way, the rule is a practical outworking of the burden of proof in cases where
there are real difficulties in establishing what in fact happened, and not a
means by which to overcome the shortcomings in the evidence arising only from
the failure of the plaintiff to prove his case in the appropriate way.

Conclusion

85 We are therefore not persuaded by the appellant’s new arguments. These new
arguments simply cannot succeed given the state of the evidence which was led
in the court below. In our view, the Judge had correctly invoked the rule of
res ipsa loquitur on the facts of this case. Given our findings, it is
unnecessary to decide the respondent’s alternative case that the appellant was
also negligent in failing to prevent the spread of the fire. The appeal is
therefore dismissed with costs fixed at $55,000 inclusive of disbursements.

86 We thank both counsel for their respective submissions which assisted the
court in arriving at our decision to clarify the maxim of res ipsa loquitur
especially in the specific context of fire cases.

Sundaresh Menon Tay Yong Kwang Steven Chong  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Tay Yong Seng, Alexander Lawrence Yeo Han Tiong, and Ong Chin Kiat (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) (instructed); Ranvir Kumar Singh (Unilegal LLC) for the
appellant;  
Marina Chin Li Yuen, Alcina Lynn Chew Aiping, and Loh Wenjie Leonard (Tan Kok
Quan Partnership) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

