Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 21

Civil Appeal No 168 of 2015 and Summons No 16 of 2016

Between

(1)| TURF CLUB AUTO EMPORIUM PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| SINGAPORE AGRO AGRICULTURAL PTE LTD  
(3)| KOH KHONG MENG  
(4)| TURF CITY PTE LTD  
(5)| TAN CHEE BENG  
  
… Appellants/Respondents

And

(1)| YEO BOONG HUA  
---|---  
(2)| LIM AH POH  
(3)| TEO TIAN SENG  
  
… Respondents/Applicants

Civil Appeal No 171 of 2015 and Summons No 17 of 2016

Between

(1)| TAN HUAT CHYE  
---|---  
  
… Appellant/Respondent

And

(1)| YEO BOONG HUA  
---|---  
(2)| LIM AH POH  
(3)| TEO TIAN SENG  
  
… Respondents/Applicants

* * *

judgment

[Res Judicata] — [Issue Estoppel]

[Contract] — [Breach]

[Contract] — [Contractual Terms] — [Implied Terms]

[Contract] — [Discharge] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others

  
v

  

Yeo Boong Hua and others and another appeal and other matters

  

[2017] SGCA 21

  

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals No 168 and 171 of 2015 and Summonses No 16 and
17 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Judith Prakash JA  
10 March 2016  

22 March 2017 Judgment reserved.

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This case puts to the test the familiar axiom that even a bad settlement is
better than a good trial.

2 Settlement and litigation involve different risk paradigms. Litigation
brings with it risks and uncertainty but accompanying that might be the
prospect of a more complete vindication; settlement on the other hand is
expected to deliver certainty though this often comes with compromise. Yet,
certainty is not guaranteed. Whether a settlement does in the end deliver
certainty will depend, among other things, on whether the parties are
sincerely committed to it and whether their agreement satisfactorily addresses
the essential variables. If there is no such commitment or if the agreement
between the parties is poorly drafted, settlements may even spawn further
litigation.

3 The action that led to the present appeals concerns a consent order that was
entered into on 22 February 2006 by, among others, some of the appellants and
all of the respondents in the appeals before us to settle certain minority
oppression actions in respect of two companies. More than ten years on, the
parties are still disputing the construction of the consent order. In the
court below, the respondents were successful in setting aside the consent
order and reinstating the underlying minority oppression actions. The
appellants have appealed against that decision.

The factual background

The parties

4 The five appellants in Civil Appeal No 168 of 2015 (“CA 168”) are Mr Koh
Khong Meng (“Koh KM”), Mr Tan Chee Beng (“Tan CB”) and three companies. The
three companies are:

(a) Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd (“TCAE”), which was previously known as
Turf Club Auto Megamart Pte Ltd;

(b) Turf City Pte Ltd (“TCPL”); and

(c) Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd (“SAA”).

5 The appellant in Civil Appeal No 171 of 2015 (“CA 171”) is Mr Tan Huat Chye.
He is the father of Tan CB and is referred to by the parties and in this
judgment as “Tan Senior”. We will refer to the appellants in both appeals
collectively as “the Appellants”.

6 CA 168 and CA 171 involve the same three respondents, Mr Yeo Boong Hua, Mr
Lim Ah Poh and Mr Teo Tian Seng. We will refer to them as “the 1st
Respondent”, “the 2nd Respondent” and “the 3rd Respondent” respectively and
collectively as “the Respondents”.

7 TCAE and TCPL, both of whom are appellants in CA 168, are nominal parties to
these proceedings. They are also the very subject of the proceedings, and of
the minority oppression actions that had led to the consent order. They were
set up as part of a joint venture that was entered into by the other
appellants and the Respondents as well as some others. We will refer to them
as “the JV Companies”. The Respondents are minority shareholders in the JV
Companies, while Koh KM and SAA are majority shareholders. Tan CB in turn is a
director of, and controls, SAA.

The formation of the JV Companies

8 The joint venture involved a large plot of land of about 557,000m2 in Bukit
Timah (“the Site”). The Site used to be a part of the former Bukit Timah Turf
Club. On 5 January 2001, the Singapore Land Authority (“the SLA”) (which was
then known as the Singapore Land Office) invited tenders for the lease of the
Site. The tender notice and advertisements put up by the SLA indicated that
the tenure of the lease was to be for a period of “3+3+3 years”.

9 The SLA received only two bids for the lease in the tender exercise. The
first bid was submitted by the Respondents through their joint venture
vehicle, Bukit Timah Carmart Pte Ltd (“BTC”).

10 The second bid was tendered by five individuals, Tan Senior, Tan CB, Koh
KM, one Ng Chye Samuel (“Samuel Ng”) and one Ong Cher Keong (“Ong CK”), and
their bid was submitted in the name of SAA. We will adopt the terminology used
in the court below, and refer to these five individuals as “the SAA Group”
even though not all the individuals were involved in SAA. Only Tan CB and Ong
CK were directors and shareholders of SAA. Tan Senior used to be a director
and shareholder, but had sold his shares to Tan CB and ceased to be a director
in February 2001, a month before the tender. Neither Koh KM nor Samuel Ng was
involved in SAA. They were Tan Senior’s business partners in a separate
company that sublet spaces to car dealerships.

11 We should also highlight that two members of the SAA Group — Samuel Ng and
Ong CK — are not parties to the present set of appeals. Samuel Ng had not
taken any substantive role in the proceedings from the outset. Ong CK defended
the action below, and initially filed an appeal (Civil Appeal No 173 of 2015
(“CA 173”)) but the appeal was deemed withdrawn after the time for the filing
of the requisite documents lapsed.

12 The joint venture arose out of a chance meeting between the Respondents and
three members of the SAA Group (Tan Senior, Tan CB and Koh KM) at the office
of the SLA when the two groups had each gone to submit their bids on 2 March
2001. A conversation started between them as Tan Senior and Koh KM were
acquainted with the 3rd Respondent. Having established that they had each
submitted or was planning to submit a bid, the discussion turned to the
possibility of their jointly developing and operating the Site regardless of
who, between them, won the bid. The identity of the bidders and their bid
amounts were released later on the same day. BTC had submitted a bid of
$260,000 per month while SAA’s bid was for $390,000 per month.

13 Six days later, on 8 March 2001, the parties met at Punggol Marina. At this
meeting, Ong CK presented a business plan (“the Business Plan”), which set out
the following salient points:

(a) All eight individuals, including Tan CB, were to be shareholders and
directors of a company that would be set up for the proposed joint venture.

(b) Most of the construction and professional works in relation to the Site
would be managed by Goodland Development Pte Ltd (“Goodland”), a company
controlled by Tan CB, and Architects Group Associates Pte Ltd (“AGA”), a
company controlled by Ong CK.

(c) The Site would be leased from the SLA “for Commercial Use for a period of
3 years + 3 years + 3 years” with effect from April 2001.

14 These discussions culminated in the parties signing a memorandum of
understanding (“the MOU”) on the same day. The salient terms of the MOU are as
follows:

(a) The “First Party” (which referred to the Respondents) and the “Second
Party” (which referred to Koh KM, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior and SAA or its
nominees) were the parties to the joint venture.

(b) A new company would be incorporated to develop and operate the Site, and
the parties would jointly operate the project with the First Party holding
37.5% of the shares of this company and the Second Party holding 62.5%.

(c) Only shareholders would be deemed to be directors of the new company that
would be formed.

(d) The project manager for the “whole project during the duration of the full
lease” would be AGA and Goodland.

The MOU bore the signatures of the Respondents, Samuel Ng, Tan Senior, Koh KM,
Tan CB and Ong CK.

15 Although the MOU envisaged that the joint venture would take place through
the incorporation of only one company, two companies (the JV Companies) were
eventually created. It is common ground that there was at least one oral
agreement between the parties that altered the MOU to that end. However,
before the trial judge (“the Judge”), the parties disputed whether they had
agreed to other changes or to any additional terms (see [15]–[16] of the
judgment below, which is reported as Yeo Boong Hua and others v Turf Club Auto
Emporium Pte Ltd and others [2015] SGHC 207 (“the Judgment”)). The Judge did
not think it was necessary to make a finding on this. The Respondents have not
pursued the existence of the oral agreements or the additional terms on
appeal.

16 The first of the JV Companies, TCPL, was incorporated on 9 April 2001 while
the second, TCAE, was incorporated on 25 April 2001. At the time of
incorporation, Tan Senior and Ong CK were the sole directors of the JV
Companies. Subsequently, on 25 June 2001, the Respondents and the other
members of the SAA Group were also appointed as directors of TCPL. As for
TCAE, the 3rd Respondent, Tan CB and Koh KM were appointed as directors on 23
October 2001, 9 February 2002 and 28 February 2004 respectively.

17 It was envisaged that part of the Site would be developed as a used car
centre and another part would be developed into a shopping mall. The former
would be operated by TCAE and the latter by TCPL. TCAE and TCPL were to be
responsible for the renting or licensing of the individual lots or units to
the ultimate tenants or licensees. Their main source of revenue would come
from the rent or fees payable by these ultimate tenants or licensees. The JV
Companies would also be responsible for the cost of developing and operating
the Site, and would pay SAA an aggregate monthly rent consisting of two
components – the amount of the rent that was due to the SLA and a further 3%
of that rental amount as a premium.

18 On 25 April 2001, the SLA informed SAA that its bid was accepted. In a
letter addressed to SAA, the SLA stated as follows:

…

The term of the tenancy will be three (3) years (excluding rent-free period)
with option to renew for a three (3)-year term plus a further option for a
three (3) year term, subject to rental revision at prevailing market rate and
new tenancy terms and conditions. The grant of the options is at the absolute
discretion of the Collector of Land Revenue. … [emphasis in original]

19 On 10 July 2001, the SLA and SAA entered into a tenancy agreement at a rent
of $390,000 per month for three years from 1 September 2001 (“the 2001 Head
Lease”).

20 On the same day, SAA entered into separate sub-tenancy agreements (“STAs”)
respectively with TCAE and TCPL for a period of three years less one day from
1 September 2001. We will refer to these two STAs as “the 2001 STAs”. Under
the 2001 STAs, the JV Companies were to each pay SAA a rent of $195,000 per
month (this being half the rent due to the SLA) plus 3% of the gross monthly
rent or licence fees that they would receive from the ultimate tenants or
licensees (as opposed to 3% of the rental amount payable to the SLA as
originally agreed (see [17] above)). The 2001 STAs contained an “Option to
Renew” that provided the JV Companies with two options to renew the three-year
tenancy at a revised rent and on conditions to be determined by SAA for a
further period of three years each, subject to the condition that the SLA
renewed the lease with SAA.

21 The JV Companies in turn entered into sub-sub tenancy and license
agreements with the ultimate tenants or licensees (“the SSTAs”). The letter of
offer for the SSTAs stated that “the license period shall be [three years]
less [seven days] from date of notice to take possession with an option to
renew for another [three years] plus a further option for a [three-year]
term”. The letter also stated that the grant of the options would be at the
absolute discretion of the SLA. Given the context, this likely meant that the
options to renew the SSTAs were, like the STAs, subject to the condition that
the SLA renewed the head lease with SAA.

The commencement of the Consolidated Suits

22 While the Site was being developed, the relationship between the parties
deteriorated. The Respondents became concerned over the financial affairs of
the JV Companies. This led them to appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP on 17
April 2002 to review the accounts and finances of the JV Companies. While that
was afoot, the SAA Group passed a resolution to remove the Respondents as
directors of TCPL at an annual general meeting that was held on 16 August
2002.

23 This eventually led to the 1st and 2nd Respondents commencing Originating
Summons No 1634 of 2002 (“OS 1634”) on 15 November 2002 to seek, among other
relief, an order to restrain TCPL from amending its Articles of Association
and calling an extraordinary general meeting. All the Appellants save for TCAE
and Tan CB were named as defendants in OS 1634. The 3rd Respondent was
initially named a defendant but was subsequently added as a plaintiff.
Following the bankruptcy of Tan Senior on 29 August 2003, the Respondents did
not actively pursue OS 1634 against him. They contend that this was because
they thought that they had to obtain leave of the court before they could do
so.

24 Some two years after the commencement of OS 1634, on 25 August 2004, the
Respondents commenced Suit 703 of 2004 (“Suit 703”) against TCAE, SAA and Koh
KM. Suit 703 and OS 1634 were consolidated on 28 January 2005. We refer to
them collectively as “the Consolidated Suits”. Tan CB and Ong CK were not
parties to either suit.

25 In the meantime, the 2001 Head Lease expired in September 2004. On 10
September 2004, the SLA renewed the lease of the Site with SAA for a period of
three years from 1 September 2004 (“the 2004 Head Lease”). The rent was
reduced to $260,000 per month in the light of the poor economic conditions
that prevailed at that time. The 2004 Head Lease contained a “Renewal of
Tenancy” clause that stated that the SLA may at its absolute discretion grant
a tenancy for a further term of three years subject to new terms and
conditions and revision of rental.

26 On the same day, SAA entered into STAs with the JV Companies each for a
period of three years less one day from 1 September 2004 at $130,000 per month
and 3% of the monthly income from the rental or licence fees that would be
earned by each company (“the 2004 STAs”). The rent reduction in the 2004 Head
Lease was therefore passed down to the JV Companies in the 2004 STAs. However
unlike the 2001 STAs (see [20] above), the 2004 STAs did not expressly include
an option for the JV Companies to renew the STAs on expiry. The Respondents
maintained before the Judge that they were not consulted on the terms of the
2004 STAs because the JV Companies were controlled by members of the SAA
Group. The Judge did not make a finding on this point and the parties do not
seem to be pursuing any issue relating to this on appeal.

The Consent Order

27 The parties managed to reach a settlement before the Consolidated Suits
went to trial. At the material time, the Respondents who had brought the
Consolidated Suits were represented by AsiaLegal LLC (“AsiaLegal”) and the
defendants of the Consolidated Suits (namely, TCPL, TCAE, SAA, Samuel Ng, Koh
KM and arguably Tan Senior – see [28] below) were represented by Rajah & Tann
LLP (“R&T”). We will refer to the defendants of the Consolidated Suits as “the
Defendants (Consolidated Suits)”.

28 A consent order encapsulating the terms of their settlement (“the Consent
Order”) was recorded before Choo Han Teck J on 22 February 2006. It is
disputed whether Tan Senior was a party to the Consent Order and whether he
was represented by Tan CB. On the one hand, the terms of the Consent Order
cover Tan Senior. But on the other hand, Tan Senior argues that he was not
involved in the Consolidated Suits or the negotiation of the Consent Order
after his bankruptcy.

29 The Consent Order sought to address the concerns raised by the Respondents
in the Consolidated Suits and end the joint venture by extricating either the
Respondents or the SAA Group from the JV Companies. This was to be done
through three main steps:

(a) first, KPMG Business Advisory Pte Ltd (“KPMG BA”) would be engaged to
carry out an investigation into the financial affairs of the JV Companies in
order to address the Respondents’ concerns;

(b) second, an independent valuer, KPMG Corporate Finance Pte Ltd (“KPMG CF”),
would be engaged to conduct an independent and fair valuation of the shares in
the JV Companies; and

(c) third, the parties would hold a closed bidding exercise.

It was agreed that the higher bidder would purchase the shares of the lower
bidder, and that those behind the lower bid would then resign as directors of
the JV Companies. It was also agreed that if the Respondents were the higher
bidder, the Defendants (Consolidated Suits), in particular SAA, would use
their best endeavours to transfer the head lease with the SLA, which was in
SAA’s name, to the JV Companies.

30 The Consent Order stipulated timelines for the investigation, valuation and
bidding exercise to take place. Unless the parties agreed in writing to any
changes, the investigation and valuation were to be completed within 60 days
of the date that KPMG BA was appointed. The decisions, findings and
conclusions of KPMG CF were to be contained in a written report (“the
Valuation Report”) a week thereafter, and the bidding exercise was to be
carried out within 28 working days from the receipt of the Valuation Report.
The bids were to be submitted to KPMG CF, which would reveal the bids and
facilitate the transfer and registration of the shares to the winning group.
If all had gone according to the timelines envisaged in the Consent Order,
KPMG CF would have released the Valuation Reports by 2 July 2006.

31 However, the Valuation Reports were issued only on 10 August 2007. The
delay of more than 13 months arose because the parties could not agree on the
payment of the fees of a quantity surveyor to replace the original quantity
surveyor who no longer wished to be involved in this exercise. The parties
blame each other for the delay. KPMG BA eventually informed the parties on 3
August 2007 that it would proceed to finalise the Valuation Reports in the
absence of any objection from either party to the completion of the valuation
exercise without the appointment of a quantity surveyor so as not to protract
the matter any further.

32 Although the Valuation Reports were issued in August 2007, the JV Companies
were valued as at 31 May 2006. This was more than a year before the issuance
of the reports. TCPL was valued at $1.33 per share while TCAE was assigned a
“nil” value. Notably, the Valuation Reports did not take into account the
earning capacities of the JV Companies in the period after the expiry of the
2004 Head Lease. This was because SAA did not inform either KPMG BA or KPMG CF
(collectively referred to as “the KPMG Entities”) that the tenancy agreement
between the SLA and SAA would be renewed for another three years upon the
expiry of the 2004 Head Lease at the end of August 2007. SAA and the SLA had
agreed in principle to the renewal of the 2004 Head Lease as early as 8
September 2006. The new tenancy agreement (“the 2007 Head Lease”) had been
formally entered into on 22 May 2007, more than two months before the release
of the Valuation Reports. Unaware of these developments, the KPMG Entities
stated at para 5.6 of the Valuation Reports that the uncertainty over the
renewal of the 2004 Head Lease “raise[d] concerns regarding the viability of
[TCPL and TCAE] to operate as a going concern, and hence raise[d] questions
about [their] future earning capacity”.

33 Until the Valuation Reports were released, the Respondents were not aware
of what information the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had provided to the
KPMG Entities. On receiving the Valuation Reports from KPMG BA, the
Respondents learnt for the first time that the future earning capacities of
the JV Companies had not been taken into account in the valuation.

34 On 17 August 2007, AsiaLegal wrote to KPMG BA copying R&T and others. It
expressed shock that the SAA Group had not informed the KPMG Entities whether
the 2004 Head Lease would be renewed, and called for revised valuation reports
to be issued in the light of this omission.

35 KPMG BA replied on 22 August 2007, stating that the assumptions made in the
reports would have to be revised and new valuation reports would have to be
issued if it were indeed the case that the 2004 Head Lease had been renewed.
It stated that if there was no such renewal, the Valuation Reports would stand
as final and conclusive.

36 The next day, R&T replied KPMG BA, copying AsiaLegal, stating that while
the 2004 Head Lease had been renewed, the STAs with the JV Companies had not
been renewed or granted. AsiaLegal responded on 25 August 2007 asking R&T to
confirm if SAA would renew the STAs with the JV Companies within two days. It
took the position that the non-renewal of the STAs would constitute a breach
of cl 11 of the Consent Order. AsiaLegal also reiterated in this letter that
the Valuation Reports had to be revised.

37 R&T replied on 29 August 2007 indicating that SAA would not renew the STAs
with the JV Companies. R&T stated that it disagreed that the Consent Order
extended to the renewal of the 2004 Head Lease or that SAA had an obligation
under the Consent Order to renew its sub-tenancies with the JV Companies. R&T
conveyed that its clients’ position was that there was no need to revise the
Valuation Reports and that the bidding exercise should proceed based on the
existing Valuation Reports before the deadline that had been stipulated in the
Consent Order.

38 On the same day (29 August 2007), KPMG BA wrote to the parties (“the KPMG
August Letter”). It expressed the view that the Valuation Reports should be
revised because the confirmation by the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) that
the 2004 Head Lease had been renewed meant that the information that had been
provided to KPMG CF were materially inaccurate. It further stated its view
that given that the function of the valuation was to facilitate the compromise
between the parties, the altered facts called into question the functional
integrity of the valuation and whether it had met its purpose of facilitating
the compromise between the parties.

39 However, in the light of the persistent reluctance of the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) for the Valuation Reports to be revised, KPMG BA
subsequently informed the parties two weeks later on 12 September 2007 (“the
KPMG September Letter”) that notwithstanding its views as to the reliability
of the reports, the parties remained bound by the Valuation Reports and the
bidding exercise had to proceed until and unless they were able to reach an
agreement for a new report to be issued.

Subsequent litigation between the parties leading up to the present appeals

40 A day later, on 13 September 2007, the Respondents filed Summons No 4117 of
2007/X (“SUM 4117”) seeking, among other things, an order that the Valuation
Reports be revised to take into account the 2007 Head Lease. SUM 4117 was
later amended, and the amended form of it (“the Amended SUM 4117”) was filed
on 25 January 2008. In the Amended SUM 4117, the Respondents asked that the
Consent Order be “clarified and/or varied” to remedy the breaches of the
Consent Order and for a revaluation exercise to be conducted based on the new
terms. In particular, the Respondents asked for cl 9(g) of the Consent Order
to be amended to expressly provide that SAA would assign the 2007 Head Lease
to the JV Companies if the Respondents won the bidding exercise. They also
sought the insertion of a new cl 9(g)(ii) to provide that in the event the SLA
was not agreeable to the transfer of the 2007 Head Lease, SAA was to grant
STAs to the JV Companies on identical terms as the 2007 Head Lease and was
also to transfer all SSTAs between it and the ultimate tenants to the JV
Companies.

41 The Amended SUM 4117 was heard and dismissed by Choo J whose judgment is
reported as Yeo Boong Hua and others v Turf City Pte Ltd and others and
another suit [2008] 4 SLR(R) 245 (“the SUM 4117 Judgment”). Choo J held that
there was a preliminary issue in the way of the Respondents’ application,
which was that the court did not have jurisdiction to vary the Consent Order.
He also expressed the view that any allegation of breach ought to have been
brought in a separate action. Choo J, however, went beyond the issue of
jurisdiction and further discussed the allegations of breaches of the Consent
Order. In this respect, he observed (at [11]) that “upon a proper construction
of the Consent Order … [the] allegations are unfounded because no such
obligations existed on the part of the defendants”. In the present appeals and
before the Judge, the Appellants rely heavily on the observations of Choo J,
specifically those set out at [16]–[26] of the SUM 4117 Judgment, to argue
that the Respondents are precluded from re-litigating the issue of breach as
this had already been argued before, and decided by, Choo J in the Amended SUM
4117.

42 The Respondents did not appeal against Choo J’s dismissal of the Amended
SUM 4117.

43 On 3 November 2008, the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) filed Summons No
4848 of 2008/P (“SUM 4848”) for an order that the bidding exercise be held on
15 December 2008. The Respondents resisted this by filing Summons No 5373 of
2008/J (“SUM 5373”) on 5 December 2008 for an order that the bidding exercise
not proceed. Both applications were heard by Choo J.

44 Before Choo J heard the applications in respect of the bidding exercise,
the Respondents commenced Suit No 27 of 2009 (“Suit 27”), which is the subject
of the present appeals, on 8 January 2009 against the Appellants, Ong CK and
Samuel Ng. We refer to the defendants of Suit 27 collectively as “the
Defendants (Suit 27)”. The Respondents sought in Suit 27 to set aside the
Consent Order on grounds of repudiatory breach, frustration, mistake, breach
of fiduciary duties, conspiracy and knowing assistance. Three of the
Defendants (Suit 27), namely SAA, Tan CB and Koh KM, advanced a counterclaim
against the Respondents seeking an order that the bidding exercise proceed.

45 On 12 January 2009, Choo J dismissed the Respondents’ application in SUM
5373 and ordered that the bidding exercise was to proceed. In his grounds of
decision released a month later (see Yeo Boong Hua and Others v Turf City Pte
Ltd and Others and Another Suit [2009] SGHC 34 (“the SUM 4848 GD”)), Choo J
explained that the fact that the Respondents had commenced a fresh suit
against the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) did not mean that the bidding
exercise should be stayed. He held that the Respondent’s alleged new cause of
action should proceed independently. The Respondents appealed against this
decision in Civil Appeal No 6 of 2009/Z. The Court of Appeal reversed Choo J’s
decision on 7 July 2009. The bidding exercise thus did not take place.

46 In the subsequent months, the Defendants (Suit 27) applied to strike out
Suit 27 on the ground, among others, that it disclosed no reasonable cause of
action. An assistant registrar struck out all the claims, save for the claim
based on frustration, on 19 November 2009. The decision of the assistant
registrar was later upheld by Choo J on 7 April 2010. The Respondents appealed
against Choo J’s decision in Civil Appeal No 71 of 2010 (“CA 71”).

47 Before CA 71 was heard, the Respondents’ new set of solicitors from Central
Chambers Law Corporation applied to the Court of Appeal for leave to amend its
statement of claim. On 11 February 2011, the Court of Appeal granted leave for
the Respondents to file and serve an amended statement of claim. This, in
effect, meant that CA 71 was allowed.

48 With that, Suit 27 was fixed for a 15-day trial before Choo J. However,
during a hearing held on 17 October 2012, Choo J directed the parties to
tender written submissions on several issues before he would decide whether
oral evidence was necessary. Choo J wanted the parties to address (a) the
grounds on which the Respondents were relying to set aside the Consent Order;
and (b) the different consequences that would flow in the event that the
Consent Order was set aside and in the event that it was not set aside.

49 The parties duly filed their written submissions. On 2 November 2012, Choo
J dismissed Suit 27 without hearing oral evidence (see his decision, reported
as Yeo Boong Hua and others v Turf Club Auto Emporium Pte Ltd and others
[2012] SGHC 227). For the third time, the Respondents appealed against Choo
J’s decision. The appeal was allowed on 3 July 2013 and the Court of Appeal
directed that the matter was to be remitted to the High Court to be heard
before a different judge.

50 This was how Suit 27 came before the Judge, whose decision is the subject
of these appeals. The trial was conducted over 38 days. On 6 August 2015, the
Judge allowed the Respondents’ claim in Suit 27 and dismissed the counterclaim
that had been brought by three of the defendants.

The decision below

51 The Judge began by considering the preliminary question as to whether Choo
J’s decision in the SUM 4117 Judgment gave rise to an issue estoppel in
respect of the construction of the Consent Order and the Respondents’
allegations of breaches in Suit 27. He concluded that issue estoppel did not
arise.

52 Thereafter, the Judge addressed the main claims and held that the Consent
Order ought to be set aside for two distinct reasons: (a) it was inoperative;
and (b) the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had committed repudiatory breaches
of cll 5 and 11 as well as of an implied term of the Consent Order. On the
basis that the Consent Order should be set aside, the Judge ordered that the
Consolidated Suits be revived and reinstated. The Judge then made
consequential orders granting leave to the Respondents to add Tan CB, Ong CK
and Tan Senior (who is no longer a bankrupt) as defendants in the Consolidated
Suits (“the Consequential Orders”). The Judge also dismissed the counterclaim
that the bidding exercise should be proceeded with.

53 The parts of the Judgment that are relevant to the present appeals can be
broadly analysed under the following heads:

(a) no res judicata arising from the SUM 4117 Judgment;

(b) the grounds to set aside the Consent Order;

(c) the dismissal of the counterclaim; and

(d) the Consequential Orders and observations on the conduct of Tan CB.

We summarise each in turn.

No res judicata arising from the SUM 4117 Judgment

54 The Judge first considered whether Choo J’s decision in the Amended SUM
4117 gave rise to an issue estoppel on the question of (a) whether the Consent
Order obliged SAA to pass the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease to the JV
Companies by granting them sub-tenancies (“the Non-Renewal Issue”); and (b)
whether the Consent Order imposed an obligation on SAA to disclose the fact
that it had obtained the 2007 Head Lease to the KPMG Entities (“the Non-
Disclosure Issue”).

55 The Judge concluded that Choo J’s views in the SUM 4117 Judgment on the
Non-Renewal Issue and the Non-Disclosure Issue were not intended to be final
and conclusive on the merits as they were obiter and were aimed only at
showing the Respondents that in Choo J’s view there was no purpose in their
commencing a fresh action for breach of the Consent Order. The Judge also
noted that Choo J could not have intended his decision in the Amended SUM 4117
to be final and conclusive as Choo J had expressed the unqualified view in the
SUM 4848 GD (at [2]) that Suit 27 “should proceed independently” (see [45]
above). The Judge further held that in any case, Choo J’s decision to reject
the Respondents’ application in the Amended SUM 4117 rested ultimately on the
preliminary issue of his lack of jurisdiction to vary the Consent Order and
his observations on the breach of the Consent Order “were not fundamental” to
his decision.

The grounds to set aside the Consent Order

56 The Judge then held that there were two grounds to set aside the Consent
Order. The first basis was that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had
committed repudiatory breaches of the Consent Order:

(a) by breaching cl 11 of the Consent Order in that they altered the “status
quo” by appropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease for themselves;

(b) by breaching an implied term in the Consent Order that pending full
performance of the Consent Order, SAA would not appropriate the benefit of the
2007 Head Lease for themselves (“the Implied Term”); and

(c) by breaching cl 5 of the Consent Order in that they failed to disclose the
2007 Head Lease and thus hindered KPMG CF’s discharge of its duties.

57 The second and separate basis for the setting aside of the Consent Order
was that the Consent Order had been rendered inoperative. The Judge relied on
the decision of this court in Hoban Steven Maurice Dixon and another v Scanlon
Graeme John and others [2007] 2 SLR(R) 770 (“Hoban”) for the proposition that
a consent order can be set aside ab initio on the basis that it had been
rendered inoperative. The Judge clarified that this basis for setting aside
would stand even if there were no repudiatory breach committed by the
Defendants (Consolidated Suits) and even if an issue estoppel had arisen over
the issue of the alleged breaches of Consent Order out of Choo J’s decision in
the SUM 4117 Judgment.

The dismissal of the counterclaim

58 Having decided that the Consent Order was to be set aside on the basis of a
repudiatory breach and because it had been rendered “inoperative”, the Judge
dismissed the counterclaim that had been brought by three of the defendants
seeking an order that the bidding exercise proceed.

The Consequential Orders and observations on the conduct of Tan CB

59 The Judge then made the following consequential orders in relation to the
reinstatement of the Consolidated Suits:

(a) The Respondents were granted leave to join Tan CB and Ong CK as defendants
in the Consolidated Suits, which would be revived as a consequence of the
Judge’s decision, because he found that Tan CB and Ong CK had signed the MOU
and entered the joint ventures in their personal capacities.

(b) The Respondents had the right to name Tan Senior as a defendant in the
Consolidated Suits because Tan Senior, having provided no evidence to show
that he had suffered prejudice, could not rely on the doctrine of laches and
estoppel by conduct. The Judge also found that the doctrines of waiver by
election and abuse of process were not made out on the facts. The Judge also
found that Tan Senior was a party to the Consent Order.

(c) The residual claims advanced by the Respondents (namely those for breach
of fiduciary duty and conspiracy) would be subsumed in the Consolidated Suits,
which would be reinstated as a consequence of the Judge’s decision.

60 In the concluding paragraph of his decision, the Judge observed that “it
seem[ed] clear” that Tan CB had perjured himself in either Suit 27 or Suit No
51 of 2012 as he had given different accounts in the two proceedings as to
which party had paid for the renovations of the premises at the Site.

Issues before this court

61 The parties whom the Judge found against, save for Samuel Ng who did not
contest the suit, appealed against his decision. This led to the filing of the
following appeals:

(a) CA 168 by TCAE, TCPL, SAA, Koh KM and Tan CB (collectively referred to as
“the Appellants (CA 168)”);

(b) CA 171 by Tan Senior; and

(c) CA 173 by Ong CK.

As stated at [11] above, CA 173 was deemed withdrawn after Ong CK did not
abide by the timelines for the filing of the requisite documents for the
appeal. Thus, only CA 168 and CA 171 are before us.

62 CA 168 raises the following issues:

(a) whether res judicata arose such that the Respondents are estopped from
arguing that the 2007 Head Lease was within the fold of the Consent Order by
reason of the SUM 4117 Judgment;

(b) whether the Judge was correct to hold that there had been repudiatory
breaches of cll 5 and 11 of the Consent Order and of the Implied Term;

(c) whether the Judge was correct to hold that the Consent Order can be set
aside ab initio and that the Consolidated Suits can be revived as a result of
the breaches;

(d) whether the court has a residual discretion to set aside or not to enforce
the Consent Order;

(e) whether the Judge was correct to hold that the Consent Order could be set
aside on the basis that it is “inoperative”;

(f) whether the Judge was correct to have dismissed the counterclaim for the
bidding exercise to be proceeded with; and

(g) whether Tan CB should be joined as a party to the Consolidated Suits even
if the Consolidated Suits were revived.

63 CA 171 concerns two main issues – whether the Judge was correct in finding
that Tan Senior had been rightly joined as a defendant to Suit 27 and further,
that Tan Senior could be sued in the Consolidated Suits if the suits were
revived.

64 Apart from the two appeals, there are also two summonses before us. These
are Summonses No 16 and 17 of 2016, which we will refer to as “SUM 16” and
“SUM 17” respectively. These summonses are filed by the Respondents and are in
relation to the replies that had been respectively filed by (a) the Appellants
(CA 168), save for Tan CB; and (b) Tan CB and Tan Senior.

65 In SUM 16, the Respondents argue that paras 1–90 and paras 98–103 of the
reply filed by the Appellants (CA 168), save for Tan CB, should be struck out
as they are in breach of O 57 r 9A(5B) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”). In SUM 17, the Respondents are seeking an order that
the entire reply jointly filed by Tan Senior and Tan CB be struck out for the
same reason.

The parties’ arguments

Arguments raised by the Appellants (CA 168)

66 The Appellants (CA 168) contend that the Respondents are estopped by Choo
J’s findings in the SUM 4117 Judgment from asserting that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) had breached the Consent Order by not granting sub-
tenancies to the JV Companies after SAA had obtained the 2007 Head Lease. They
submit that the Judge had erred in construing Choo J’s intention as to the
finality of his views on the construction of the Consent Order in the SUM 4117
Judgment.

67 They further argue that the Consent Order has not been breached because cl
11 (and cl 9(g)) of the Consent Order cannot be construed to encompass the
2007 Head Lease. They submit that the use of the word “present” in cl 11 of
the Consent Order must mean that the clause encompassed only the 2004 Head
Lease and the 2004 STAs, which were in existence at that time. As for the
Implied Term, the Appellants (CA 168) submit that the Judge’s implication of
the term which brought the 2007 Head Lease within the ambit of the Consent
Order amounted to re-writing the Consent Order. Additionally, they argue that
cl 5 of the Consent Order did not require the Defendants (Consolidated Suits)
to proactively disclose documents and that therefore, there had been no breach
of the Consent Order by the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) in failing to
disclose the 2007 Head Lease to the KPMG Entities.

68 Next, they argue that even if the Judge’s decision on the repudiatory
breaches is upheld, the Judge was nonetheless wrong to have held that the
Consent Order could, as a result, be set aside ab initio and that the
Consolidated Suits should be revived. They submit that this finding
contradicts the basic contractual principle that a contract may only be
rescinded ab initio (that is to say retrospectively and from the outset) as
opposed to being terminated de futuro (that is to say prospectively and only
in respect of future rights and obligations) where there is a defect in the
formation of the contract.

69 As for the Judge’s alternative finding that the Consent Order can be set
aside on the ground that it was inoperative, the Appellants (CA 168) argue
that the Consent Order is not inoperative because it remains possible for the
parties to bid for the JV Companies based on the Valuation Reports and the JV
Companies could be wound up if no bids are lodged. They further point out that
assuming the Respondents do not lodge a competing bid, they would have to pay
the Respondents close to $1m for their shares in TCPL, which was not only not
a “nominal sum” but a very attractive return given that the Respondents had
each invested only $78,000 in the JV Companies. The Appellants (CA 168) argue
that their counterclaim for the bidding exercise to be proceeded with should
thus have been allowed.

70 Lastly, they argue that the Judge was wrong to grant leave for Tan CB to be
joined in the Consolidated Suits because Tan CB was neither a party to the
joint venture nor a member of the JV Companies. They further argue that the
Judge was wrong to have found that Tan CB had perjured himself. In our
judgment, this last issue has no relevance to the present appeals and there is
thus no need for us to consider it.

Arguments raised by Tan Senior in CA 171

71 Tan Senior’s main arguments in CA 171 are that the Judge erred in holding
that (a) he was a party to the Consent Order; and that (b) he could not avail
himself of the doctrine of laches and estoppel by conduct as he did suffer
prejudice as evidenced by the fact that as a man in his seventies, he was
having to face “torturous litigation” despite being unable to recall most
facts and not having “retain[ed] most of his documents” after his bankruptcy.
He argues that for these two reasons, he should not have been joined as a
party to Suit 27 and a fortiori to the Consolidated Suits, even if the suits
were revived.

Arguments raised by the Respondents in CA 168 and CA 171

72 The Respondents argue that the SUM 4117 Judgment did not give rise to an
issue estoppel in relation to the construction of the Consent Order. They
maintain that Choo J dismissed the Respondents’ application in the Amended SUM
4117 on the basis of his lack of jurisdiction.

73 In relation to the issue concerning the alleged repudiatory breaches, the
Respondents argue that the Judge was correct to have found a breach of cl 11
of the Consent Order because the 2007 Head Lease was part of the “status quo”
referred to in the clause. They also submit that the Judge was correct to have
found a breach of cl 5 of the Consent Order in the failure of the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) to disclose the 2007 Head Lease to the KPMG Entities. In
this regard, they highlight that Tan CB had himself agreed at trial that the
grant of the 2007 Head Lease was information that would be important to the
bidders.

74 The Respondents further argue that two additional grounds could be relied
on to affirm the Judge’s finding that there was a breach of cl 11 of the
Consent Order. They argue, first, that notwithstanding the Judge’s decision
not to make a finding on this issue, there was ample evidence that the parties
to the joint venture had agreed on a “back to back” arrangement, which
required SAA to grant STAs to the JV Companies so long as it held the head
lease to the Site (“the Back to Back Arrangement”). They submit that the Back
to Back Arrangement would also bring the 2007 Head Lease within the “status
quo”, which would in turn mean that cl 11 was breached when SAA obtained the
2007 Head Lease without correspondingly granting the STAs to the JV Companies.

75 Their second additional ground was that SAA (and thus the Appellants) had
disrupted the status quo and thus breached cl 11 by misappropriating the
assets belonging to the JV Companies. They submit that the alleged
misappropriation (“the Misappropriation”) took the form of the diversion of
the revenue streams of the JV Companies by transferring the SSTAs from the JV
Companies to SAA and by transferring the cash deposits held by the JV
Companies to SAA.

76 As for the Judge’s finding that the Consent Order could be set aside on the
ground that it was inoperative, the Respondents argue that the Consent Order
had been rendered inoperative as the “bidding exercise [would be] meaningless”
because the JV Companies were “virtually worthless”. They argue that as the
Consent Order was made on the underlying basis that the commercial viability
of the JV Companies would be preserved, the fact that the JV Companies have
now ceased to be commercially viable amounted to a supervening event that has
removed the utility of the bidding exercise, thus rendering the Consent Order
inoperative. They further argue that the Misappropriation, which has resulted
in a loss of value of the JV Companies, was yet another supervening event that
rendered the Consent Order inoperative.

77 The Respondents rely very heavily on Hoban to argue that setting aside the
Consent Order on the grounds that it is inoperative would have the effect of
returning the parties to the position they were in before the Consent Order
was signed, thus reviving the Consolidated Suits. They do not seem to have
addressed the other argument made by the Appellants (CA 168), which is that
even if there were repudiatory breaches of a contract, this would not result
in the contract being set aside ab initio.

78 As for the Judge’s decision to allow the Respondents to join Tan CB as a
party to the Consolidated Suits, the Respondents contend that the Judge was
correct to find that Tan CB signed the MOU in his personal capacity and not
merely on behalf of SAA. They argue that in any case, Tan CB was a director of
the JV Companies and may therefore be sued in a minority oppression action as
he was involved in the oppression.

79 In relation to Tan Senior’s appeal in CA 171, the Respondents argue that
Tan Senior was a party to the Consent Order as he was a named party to it and
had taken no steps to remove his name as a party to the same. They also argue
that Tan Senior’s defences of laches, estoppel by conduct and waiver by
election had to fail because he had not shown (a) any positive act on the part
of the Respondents that would constitute abandonment; or (b) any evidence that
“significant prejudice” had been caused to him.

Our decision

80 We begin our analysis with the question of whether an issue estoppel had
arisen. This has an important bearing on all the findings of the Judge that
concern the alleged repudiatory breaches of the Consent Order. 100];, a a)
emoved the paragraphs. in ot seem relevant to the issue of res judicata.  
der here. there d also comder XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Whether an issue estoppel has arisen

The doctrine of res judicata

81 A final judicial pronouncement by a competent court creates legal barriers
to re-litigation. In the common law, these barriers are encapsulated in the
doctrine of res judicata. The doctrine of res judicata is justified by two
main considerations: (a) first, the public interest that there be finality in
litigation; and (b) second, the private interest that no person should be
proceeded against twice on the same matter (see The Royal Bank of Scotland NV
(formerly known as ABN Amro Bank NV) and others v TT International Ltd (nTan
Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd and others, other parties) and another appeal
[2015] 5 SLR 1104 (“TT International”) at [98]).

82 As we observed in TT International, the doctrine of res judicata can be
said to consist of three conceptually distinct but interrelated principles.
These are: (a) cause of action estoppel; (b) issue estoppel; and (c) what is
known as either the “extended” doctrine of res judicata or the defence of
“abuse of process”.

83 Cause of action estoppel holds that when a cause of action has been
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to exist or not to exist
between the same parties, that outcome may not be challenged by either party
in subsequent proceedings (see Thoday v Thoday [1964] P 181 (“Thoday”) at 197
per Diplock LJ (as he then was)). As we observed in TT International (at
[99]), the central inquiry here is directed at whether the later action, which
is not by way of a permitted appeal, is in substance a direct attack on an
earlier decision made in relation to a disputed matter between the same
parties. Cause of action estoppel may apply even if the claimant had no cause
of action in the traditional sense.

84 Issue estoppel is of wider application than cause of action estoppel. It
operates even when the cause of action in the earlier action and that in the
later action are not identical, as long as some issue (of fact or law) which
is necessarily common to both had been decided on the earlier occasion and is
binding on the parties (see TT International at [100]).

85 The “extended” doctrine of res judicata, which was set out in the seminal
decision of Henderson v Henderson (1843) 3 Hare 100 (at 114–115), extends
cause of action estoppel and issue estoppel to preclude a party — in the
absence of “special circumstances” — from raising in subsequent proceedings
matters which were not, but could and should have been, raised in the earlier
proceedings.

86 We again reiterate the observations we made in TT International (at [103])
that it is important to determine precisely which of the three principles of
res judicata — cause of action estoppel, issue estoppel or the “extended”
doctrine of res judicata — applies on the facts of a case because they
necessitate different approaches. The present appeals involve only issue
estoppel, and it is to that that we now turn.

87 In Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No 301 [2005] 3 SLR(R) 157 (“Lee
Tat”) we held (at [14]–[15]) that the following requirements had to be met in
order to establish an issue estoppel:

(a) there must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits (“the First
Requirement”);

(b) that judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction (“the Second
Requirement”);

(c) the two actions that are being compared must involve the same parties
(“the Third Requirement”); and

(d) there must be identity of subject matter in the two proceedings (“the
Fourth Requirement”).

88 It is undisputed that the Second Requirement and the Third Requirement are
satisfied in respect of the SUM 4117 Judgment and the proceedings in Suit 27.
The issue before us is whether the Judge was correct in holding that the First
and the Fourth Requirements are not satisfied on the facts. We thus focus on
these two requirements, but before we turn to that, it will be helpful to
recapitulate the content and context of the SUM 4117 Judgment.

Content and context of the SUM 4117 Judgment

89 In the Amended SUM 4117, the Respondents prayed for the following:

(a) that the Consent Order be “clarified and/or varied” to provide expressly
that SAA would assign the 2007 Head Lease to the JV Companies should the
Respondents win the bidding exercise. In the event that the SLA was not
agreeable to the transfer, SAA was to grant sub-tenancies to the JV Companies
on identical terms as the 2007 Head Lease and it was also to transfer all
SSTAs between SAA and the ultimate tenants to the JV Companies; and

(b) that a revaluation exercise be conducted based on these terms and any
additional fees payable to KPMG CF in relation to the re-issuance of the
Valuation Reports be paid by SAA and Koh KM.

90 In the written submissions tendered by the Defendants (Consolidated Suits),
they raised the following arguments to resist the Respondents’ application:

(a) The Amended SUM 4117 should be dismissed because the court had no
jurisdiction to grant orders sought by the Respondents.

(b) Even if the court had jurisdiction, the clarification had to be pursued by
way of a fresh originating process and not through a summons within the
Consolidated Suits.

(c) The Amended SUM 4117 would in any case fail on the merits.

The central argument of the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) in relation to the
Amended SUM 4117 was that Choo J had no jurisdiction to grant the variations
sought by the Respondents. Their alternative submission (in the event Choo J
held that he did have jurisdiction) was that the application should
nonetheless be dismissed on the merits.

91 It is therefore unsurprising that Choo J in fact dismissed the Amended SUM
4117 on the basis that he had no jurisdiction. He further observed that any
allegation of breach of the Consent Order had to be pursued by way of a
separate action instead of being advanced as a ground to vary the Consent
Order. His precise observations were as follows (at [11] of the SUM 4117
Judgment):

Jurisdiction

…

11 Both [Fivecourts Ltd v JR Leisure Development Co Ltd 2000 WL 1421246 (QBD)]
and [Ropac Ltd v Inntrepreneur Pub Co (CPC) Ltd [2001] CP Rep 31] recognise
that whilst there may be exceptional circumstances where a court may interfere
with a consent order (eg, granting an extension of time), in general, a
consent order represented a contract with which the court has no jurisdiction
to interfere, save in circumstances in which the court has to interfere with a
contract. This contractual underpinning of a consent order has been adopted
locally by MPH Rubin J in CSR South East Asia Pte Ltd v Sunrise Insulation Pte
Ltd [2002] 1 SLR(R) 1079. The plaintiffs argued that the amendments are
necessary to remedy the following breaches of the Consent Order by the
defendants:

(a) the defendants entered into the 2007 Head Lease with the [SLA] but allowed
the sublease with the [JV Companies] to expire; and

(b) the defendants failed to disclose that: (i) SAA had entered into the 2007
Head Lease; and (ii) that the 2004 Head Lease contained an option to renew but
the sublease to the [JV Companies] did not.

Any allegation of breach of the Consent Order ought to be brought in a
separate action. Nonetheless, it will become apparent upon a proper
construction of the Consent Order that both allegations are unfounded because
no such obligations existed on the part of the defendants.

[emphasis added]

92 Although the conclusion that the court had no jurisdiction to vary the
Consent Order was sufficient to dismiss the Respondents’ application, Choo J
did then go on to discuss the merits of the alleged breaches that had been
raised by the Respondents and expressed the view that there was no breach.
This is clear both from his final sentence at [11] which is set out in the
preceding paragraph, as well as his observations in the subsequent parts of
the SUM 4117 Judgment, which we set out as follows:

19 … The object of the entire Consent Order was simply to preserve the then-
existing tenancies through cl 11 whilst the valuer prepared the valuation
reports for the valuation exercise. … This machinery contemplated by the
parties in the Consent Order does not go so far as to prohibit the defendants
from entering into the 2007 Head Lease nor mandate a pro-active renewal of the
sublease.

…

24 The issue of non-disclosure raised at [11] above also falls away once we
scrutinise cll 4 and 6 of the Consent Order closely. Both clauses do not
impose a mandatory obligation on the defendants to volunteer full disclosure.
…

25 Another issue raised by the plaintiffs is that SAA breached cl 11 of the
Consent Order by sending out letters in July 2007 (before the valuation
reports were released) to the ultimate operators stating that their “lease”
would be assigned to SAA and that their security deposit would be transferred
from the [JV Companies] to SAA with effect from 1 September 2007. This
allegation is an allegation of a breach of the Consent Order which similarly
should be the cause in a separate action. …

[emphasis in original]

93 It is therefore evident that Choo J did make some observations in the SUM
4117 Judgment in respect of the Respondents’ claim that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) had breached the Consent Order. The key question is
whether this constitutes an issue estoppel. As we summarised earlier, this
turns on whether the First Requirement and the Fourth Requirement as set out
in Lee Tat are met (that is, whether Choo J’s observations constituted a final
and conclusive judgment on the merits and whether there was identity of
subject matter in the Amended SUM 4117 and in Suit 27). We examine each of
these questions in turn.

Whether the First Requirement was met

94 As observed in Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck and others [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453
(“Goh Nellie”) at [28], finality for the purposes of res judicata refers to a
declaration or determination made by a court of a party’s liability and/or his
rights or obligations leaving nothing else to be judicially determined. The
High Court in Goh Nellie went on to observe that whether the decision in
question is a final and conclusive judgment on the merits may be ascertained
from the intention of the judge as gathered from the relevant documents filed,
the order made and the notes of evidence taken or arguments made (see also the
observations of the High Court in Alliance Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd v
Sim Kay Teck [2006] 3 SLR(R) 712 at [23] (“Alliance Entertainment”)).
Generally, where a court expressly states that the dismissal of an action is
without prejudice to another action being brought (such as in Alliance
Entertainment), the decision of the court would likely not be final and
conclusive for the purpose of issue estoppel. Such an express reservation by
the court would usually suffice to indicate that the decision was not intended
to be final and conclusive.

95 Counsel for the Respondents, Mr Adrian Tan (“Mr Tan”), submits that the
Judge was correct to have found that Choo J’s holding on the proper
construction of the Consent Order was not meant to be final and conclusive. He
submits that Choo J had dismissed the Amended SUM 4117 on the basis that he
did not have the jurisdiction to vary the Consent Order in the manner sought
by the Respondents and his subsequent observations on the construction of the
Consent Order in the SUM 4117 Judgment were merely obiter. Mr Tan further
submits that this interpretation of Choo J’s decision is supported by
subsequent events, such as (a) Choo J’s observations in the SUM 4848 GD that
the Respondents’ “alleged new cause of action should proceed independently”;
and (b) the fact that when Suit 27 was subsequently placed before Choo J, he
reviewed the merits of the claim afresh and did not hold that issue estoppel
applied.

96 Mr Kelvin Poon (“Mr Poon”), who acts for the Appellants (CA 168) save for
Tan CB who had changed solicitors prior to the filing of the Appellants’
Reply, argues that Choo J’s findings in respect of the proper construction of
the Consent Order were essential to his decision to dismiss the application in
the Amended SUM 4117. Mr Poon argues that Choo J in fact accepted that he had
jurisdiction to vary or clarify the Consent Order, but decided that he would
not exercise that jurisdiction since on a proper construction of the Consent
Order, there was no basis to find that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had
breached the Consent Order because (a) the Consent Order did not encompass the
2007 Head Lease; and (b) there was no obligation to disclose the 2007 Head
Lease.

97 Mr Poon also takes issue with the interpretation adopted by the Judge and
the Respondents in respect of Choo J’s observation at [11] of the SUM 4117
Judgment that “[a]ny allegation of breach of the Consent Order ought to be
brought in a separate action”. He submits that this did not mean that Choo J
considered that the Respondents could bring another action to again ventilate
the issue of breach. Instead, he submits that Choo J was simply observing that
the Respondents should (or ought to) have done so, before going on to hold
(also at [11]) that such an action would in any event be doomed to fail
because “it [would nonetheless] become apparent upon a proper construction of
the Consent Order that both allegations [of breach were] unfounded because no
such obligations existed on the part of the [Defendants (Consolidated
Suits)]”.

98 Mr Poon’s final submission on this point is that the Judge was wrong to
have assumed that the “alleged new cause of action” in Choo J’s decision in
the SUM 4848 GD (see at [95] above) encompassed the Non-Renewal Issue and the
Non-Disclosure Issue. He argues that this assumption is erroneous because at
the time of Choo J’s decision, the Respondents’ claim in Suit 27 did not
include these two issues and thus Choo J could not have been referring to
them.

99 In our judgment, the Judge was correct to hold that Choo J’s construction
of the Consent Order was not final and conclusive on the merits. We agree with
the Judge and the Respondents that Choo J’s observations were obiter, and that
Choo J did not intend these to be final, conclusive and binding on the
Respondents. When the SUM 4117 Judgment is viewed in the light of the
submissions that were filed in relation to the Amended SUM 4117 as summarised
at [90] above, it becomes evident that Choo J had accepted the primary
submission of the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) and disposed of the Amended
SUM 4117 on the basis of his lack of jurisdiction, although he then went on to
make some further observations. Having already determined that he did not have
jurisdiction, he could not have intended to also make a final and binding
pronouncement on the rights of the parties in respect of those issues over
which he had already decided he had no jurisdiction. In this regard, we do not
agree with Mr Poon that Choo J’s observations in respect of the proper
construction of the Consent Order were either essential or necessary to his
decision on his jurisdiction to vary or clarify the Consent Order. Choo J’s
holding was simply that in the absence of exceptional circumstances which
would allow the court to interfere with a contract, he did not have the
jurisdiction to vary the Consent Order.

100 Further, like the Judge, we find it telling that Choo J twice stated in
the SUM 4117 Judgment that any allegation of breach had to be ventilated
independently in a separate action. The first occasion is at [11] of the SUM
4117 Judgment, and the second is at [25] of the decision where he was
specifically addressing cl 11 of the Consent Order. Mr Poon, as we have noted
at [97] above, argues that Choo J was merely expressing his view as to what
should have been done and not what the Respondents could go on and do after
his decision had been rendered. While we accept that this is a possible
interpretation of Choo J’s statements in the SUM 4117 Judgment, we note that
Choo J himself did not qualify his observations in this way.

101 We turn next to the Judge’s view that Choo J’s intentions as to the
finality of his observations in the SUM 4117 Judgment can also be objectively
gleaned from Choo J’s subsequent decision in the SUM 4848 GD. Choo J observed
as follows in the latter decision (see [45] above):

2 The plaintiff thus applied to set aside the consent order or a re-valuation
of the shares. This was disallowed by the High Court and the decision was
upheld by the Court of Appeal. The defendant then applied for the
consequential order that the bidding process be ordered to proceed. The
plaintiff applied for a stay of that application on the ground that they had
commenced a fresh suit against the defendant. I dismissed the plaintiff’s
application for stay and granted the defendant’s application to proceed with
the bidding process for the shares. The defendant’s present application was a
formal end to a long dispute. The plaintiff’s alleged new cause of action
should proceed independently. I therefore granted the defendant an order in
terms to proceed with the bidding process. [emphasis added]

102 As observed by the Judge (at [111]–[113] of the Judgment), the following
points should be noted in relation to this passage:

(a) First, the Amended SUM 4117 — which appears to be what Choo J was alluding
to in the first sentence — was not an application to set aside the Consent
Order; it was an application to vary the terms of the Consent Order.

(b) Second, contrary to the second sentence in the passage, no appeal was
filed in relation to the decision to dismiss the Amended SUM 4117.

(c) Third, while Choo J may have described the Respondents’ application in SUM
5373 as “an application for stay”, SUM 5373 was instead for an order that the
bidding exercise could not and should not proceed because they had commenced
Suit 27 (see [44] above).

103 We have highlighted the penultimate sentence in the foregoing passage
where Choo J observed that the Respondents’ “alleged new cause of action
should proceed independently”. It is undisputed that the words “new cause of
action” referred to Suit 27, which had just been filed by the Respondents.
What is in dispute is whether at the time of Choo J’s decision in SUM 4848,
Suit 27 encompassed the causes of action in relation to the Non-Renewal Issue
and Non-Disclosure Issue, which the Appellants (CA 168) now maintain are
foreclosed by issue estoppel. The Appellants (CA 168) argue that the
Respondents did not, at that time, contend in Suit 27 that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) had breached the Consent Order by misappropriating the
2007 Head Lease or by failing to disclose the 2007 Head Lease to the KPMG
Entities. They argue that the Respondents’ case at the material time was only
that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had breached certain alleged implied
terms by failing to disclose to the KPMG Entities certain information and
documents.

104 If the Appellants (CA 168) are correct in this contention, Mr Poon would
be correct in his submission that the Judge was wrong to have attributed to
Choo J the suggestion that Suit 27 in its present form (which includes these
issues) should proceed independently.

105 Having examined the relevant statement of claim for Suit 27, which was
filed by the Respondents on 8 January 2009, we accept Mr Poon’s submission
that Suit 27 — as pleaded at the material time — did not cover the Non-Renewal
Issue and the Non-Disclosure Issue that were discussed in the SUM 4117
Judgment. The Respondents argue that paras 21.1.1 and 24.2 of the statement of
claim had brought these two issues into play. However, as pointed out by Mr
Poon, para 21.1.1 makes no mention of any breach of cll 11 or 9(g) of the
Consent Order or of any breach that was constituted by a misappropriation of
the 2007 Head Lease. Seen in the context of the entire statement of claim,
para 21.1.1 refers only to an alleged breach by the Defendants (Consolidated
Suits) of certain alleged implied terms of the Consent Order by failing to
disclose certain information and documents to the KPMG Entities. As for para
24.2, the allegation that is found there is of a conspiracy to deprive the
Respondents of the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease. While the 2007 Head Lease
features in that paragraph, Mr Poon correctly points out that the Respondents
did not plead anything there to suggest that the alleged conspiracy was
premised on a breach of certain clauses of the Consent Order.

106 We therefore agree with Mr Poon insofar as his argument is that the Judge
had wrongly assumed that Choo J, by the words in italics at [101] above, had
held in the SUM 4848 GD that Suit 27, in its present form, should proceed
independently notwithstanding his earlier decision in the Amended SUM 4117.
However, we do not think that this affects the Judge’s overall conclusion on
this issue for two reasons:

(a) First, looking at the SUM 4848 GD, which consists of only two paragraphs,
Choo J’s conclusion was a straightforward one to the effect that the
application by the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) in SUM 4848 for the bidding
process to proceed should be allowed as it was to effect a “formal end to a
long dispute” and any dispute over the possible breach of the Consent Order
should proceed independently. The most that can be said of the SUM 4848 GD in
these circumstances is that it is neutral to the question of whether an issue
estoppel arises by reason of Choo J’s earlier decision in the SUM 4117
Judgment.

(b) Second, and in keeping with our first observation, even if we take the
case of the Appellants (CA 168) at its highest and disregard the observations
made by Choo J in the SUM 4848 GD, this only means that the Judge was not in a
position to rely on this additional ground to bolster his conclusion that the
First Requirement is not met. However, the other grounds that the Judge did
rely on remain and, in our judgment, are sufficient to support his conclusion
that no issue estoppel arises.

107 For these reasons, we uphold the Judge’s finding that the First
Requirement is not met. This is, in itself, sufficient to dismiss the argument
by the Appellants (CA 168) that an issue estoppel had arisen over the issues
of repudiatory breach. But for completeness, we briefly set out our views in
relation to whether the Fourth Requirement was met.

Whether the Fourth Requirement was met

108 In Goh Nellie, the High Court held that the Fourth Requirement that there
must be an identity of subject matter in the two proceedings encapsulates
three further sub-requirements, which can be summarised as follows:

(a) the prior decision must traverse the same ground as the subsequent
proceedings and the facts and circumstances giving rise to the earlier
decision must not have changed or should be incapable of change;

(b) the previous determination must have been fundamental and not merely
collateral to the previous decision so that the decision could not stand
without that determination, and this analysis should be approached from the
perspective of common sense; and

(c) the issue should be shown in fact to have been raised and argued.

Ultimately, as summarised in Goh Nellie at [37], the court making such an
assessment should bear the following in mind:

… [T]he assessment of which side of the line an issue falls should be
approached from a commonsensical perspective, balancing between the important
public interest in securing finality and in ensuring that the same issues are
not repeatedly litigated on one hand, and on the other, the private interest
in not foreclosing a litigant from arguing an issue which, in substance, was
not the central issue decided by a previous court. … [emphasis added]

109 It follows from this that the Fourth Requirement does not require that
there be a complete identity of all the issues in dispute and relief sought.
Rather, it is sufficient that the prior decision traverses the same essential
ground as the subsequent decision. In the context of this case, it is thus
immaterial that the relief sought in the Amended SUM 4117 was a variation of
the Consent Order while that in Suit 27 was to set aside the Consent Order.

110 In the present case, the relevant inquiry in respect of the Fourth
Requirement may be narrowed to a determination of whether Choo J’s
observations as to the construction of the Consent Order were fundamental to
his decision in the Amended SUM 4117. For the reasons set out at [99] above,
we have held that Choo J’s observations in respect of the Respondents’
allegations of breach were not fundamental to his decision in the SUM 4117
Judgment, which was ultimately premised on his lack of jurisdiction. It
follows from this that that decision does not traverse the same ground as the
present action which rests centrally on the construction of the Consent Order
and whether it had been breached.

111 Therefore, this is yet a further ground for finding that the issues raised
in this appeal are not foreclosed by issue estoppel. We therefore uphold the
Judge’s decision on this issue.

Whether there were repudiatory breaches of the Consent Order

112 We turn to consider whether the Judge was correct in his construction of
the Consent Order and his subsequent determination that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) had breached cl 11 of the Consent Order and the Implied
Term in respect of the Non-Renewal Issue, and cl 5 of the Consent Order in
relation to the Non-Disclosure Issue.

Whether there was a breach of cl 11 of the Consent Order

113 We first set out the two clauses — cll 11 and 9(g) of the Consent Order —
that were material to the Judge’s conclusion that there was a breach of cl 11.
Clause 11 of the Consent Order states as follows:

The [Respondents] and the [Defendants (Consolidated Suits)] undertake not to
do anything or cause anything to be done which would in any way affect, vary
and/or alter the status quo of the [JV Companies], both in terms of on-going
liabilities/obligations to which the [JV Companies] are subject to, and assets
and/or benefits which the [JV Companies] presently enjoy, including but not
limited to doing anything to affect the head lease between [SAA] and the [SLA]
and sub leases presently entered into between [SAA] and the [JV Companies]. In
particular, the [Respondents] and [Defendants (Consolidated Suits)] undertake
that in respect of the respective sub leases presently entered into between
the [JV Companies] and [SAA], the [Respondents] and [Defendants (Consolidated
Suits)] and/or their agents and/or employees and/or servants shall not do
anything that would alter or affect the said sub leases including doing
anything to effect, procure or cause the termination of the said agreements.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Clause 9(g) provides as follows:

Further, in the event that the Sole Bidder or Higher Bidder are the
[Respondents], the [Defendants (Consolidated Suits)], in particular [SAA],
shall use its best endeavours to facilitate and procure the assignment /
transfer / novation of [SAA’s] head lease with the [SLA], to the [JV
Companies] (subject always to the consent, if required, of [the SLA]).

114 Mr Poon places great emphasis on the use of the word “presently” in cl 11
of the Consent Order. He submits that the language that was chosen in no sense
contemplates any right of the JV Companies to the 2007 Head Lease or any
obligation on the part of SAA to grant fresh STAs to the JV Companies once the
2004 STAs expired. To further support this submission, Mr Poon points to cl
5(b) of the Consent Order, which provided that KPMG CF should take into
account, among other things, “the future earning capacities of the [JV
Companies] including but not limited to the expected revenue and income from
the remaining tenure of the [STAs] entered into by the [JV Companies]
respectively with [SAA]” [emphasis added]. His point, presumably, is that the
Consent Order was concerned only with the state of affairs until the end of
the 2004 Head Lease.

115 Mr Poon further submits that the Judge was wrong to have inferred from cl
9(g) of the Consent Order that the “status quo” referred to in cl 11
encapsulated the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease. He contends that the Judge
misconstrued the 2004 Head Lease (at cl 2.1) as having granted SAA a “right of
first refusal” or a “right to negotiate” in respect of any renewed lease that
the SLA may grant over the Site. He further argues that even if the 2004 Head
Lease included a “right to negotiate”, this arose only if the Respondents won
the bidding exercise and if the SLA consented to the assignment of the 2004
Head Lease pursuant to cl 9(g) of the Consent Order. It thus did not follow
that the JV Companies had a right to the benefit flowing from the 2007 Head
Lease or the right to the corresponding sub-tenancies being granted by SAA.

116 Mr Tan, on the other hand, submits that the Judge was correct because the
clauses in the Consent Order, including cll 9(g) and 11, are to be viewed in
the light of the fact that the parties had always contemplated a nine (3+3+3)
year lease of the Site. Mr Tan contends that the 2007 Head Lease therefore
could not fairly be divorced from the contemplation of the parties at the time
the parties entered into the Consent Order.

117 As stated at [74]–[75] above, Mr Tan raises two additional grounds which
he submits would further support the Judge’s holding that cl 11 of the Consent
Order had been breached. The first was the existence of the Back to Back
Arrangement between the parties; the second was the Misappropriation by SAA of
the assets of the JV Companies. Mr Poon’s response to these two grounds is
that no such Back to Back Arrangement existed and that the issue of the
Misappropriation was neither pleaded nor substantiated on its merits.

118 In our judgment, to understand the scope of cl 11 of the Consent Order and
to determine whether it was breached, we must first examine the context and
the status quo that prevailed at the time the Consent Order was entered into
in February 2006.

119 In this regard, we agree with the Judge (see the Judgment at [141]) that
the parties, from the outset, had contemplated a nine-year arrangement in
respect of the head lease with the SLA. To begin with, the parties must have
understood that barring any exigency or change in policy or circumstances, the
SLA would grant SAA a lease over the Site for a total period of nine years.
The tender notice issued by the SLA on 5 January 2001 described the tenure of
the lease as “3+3+3 years” and the duration of the period of the contract was
stated as “([f]rom) 1 September 2001 (Sat) ([t]o) 30 August 2010 (Mon)”. The
letter of acceptance sent by the SLA to SAA on 25 April 2001 stated that
“[t]he term of tenancy will be [three years] (excluding rent free period) with
option to renew for a three (3)-year term plus a further option for a three
(3) year term”, though there was a caveat that the grant of the options was at
the discretion of the Collector of Land Revenue (that is, the SLA).
Thereafter, each time the three-year tenancy expired in 2004 and again in
2007, an extension was granted as a matter of course. The SLA did not hold a
fresh tender each time that it renewed the lease with SAA. Further, the SLA
also described SAA’s enquiry on whether the 2007 Head Lease would be granted
as a “request to renew the third and final term of 3-year tenancy” [emphasis
added].

120 The fact that the parties contemplated a nine-year lease with the SLA,
barring any change of circumstances, can also be seen from the terms of the
STAs that SAA concluded with the JV Companies as well as those of the SSTAs
that the JV Companies entered into with the ultimate tenants or licensees. For
instance, as set out at [20] above, the 2001 STAs contained in para 7 of
Schedule 1 an “Option to Renew” that provided the JV Companies with two
options to renew the STAs for a further period of three years each, with the
caveat that this was subject to SAA first obtaining a renewal of its lease
with the SLA. The letters of offer from the JV Companies to the ultimate
tenants, as set out at [21] above, also stated that the licence period would
be for three years (less seven days) with “an option to renew for another
three (3) years plus a further option for a three (3) year term”. Even leaving
aside the question of whether the Back to Back Arrangement existed, in our
judgment, the evidence on the whole establishes that the parties to the joint
venture were operating on the premise that, barring any change of
circumstances or policy on the part of the SLA, the lease of the Site would be
for an overall period of nine years, made up of three terms of three years.

121 We therefore agree with the Respondents that it would be artificial and
incorrect to separate the 2007 Head Lease from the 2004 Head Lease and treat
the two as unrelated and wholly independent. The parties — and for that
matter, the SLA — never saw the head lease as being three distinct tenancy
agreements; they regarded it as a single lease that was broken into three
terms where at the end of each term, the lease would be renewed if all was in
order. The fact that the renewal of each term would be subject to the SLA’s
discretion does not change this essential character of the lease.

122 It follows from this that, as the Judge found, one of the benefits of the
2004 Head Lease was the ability to take up, or at the very least to negotiate
with the SLA for, the third and final term of the lease, which is the 2007
Head Lease. This was clearly a benefit that had commercial value, and which
existed at the time the Consent Order was entered into. The Appellants (CA
168) (save for Tan CB, who was not involved in the proceedings at the time)
had themselves taken the position before Choo J that the holder of the 2004
Head Lease held such a benefit. Their submissions on this point were as
follows:

… Currently, the [2004 Head Lease] has a remaining term of approximately 1 ½
year [sic]. In addition, it can hardly be disputed that [SAA], as the present
tenant of the [Site], will be able to renegotiate for a fresh lease with the
[SLA]. These factors have commercial value, and an appropriate commercial
value ought to be ascribed to them by professional valuers. It is untenable
for the Plaintiffs to insist upon the [2004 Head Lease] being transferred for
“nominal” consideration. After all, the [2004 Head Lease] is an asset
belonging to [SAA], which value stands to be determined properly and in
accordance with legitimate valuation principles. If it is required to transfer
its interest in the [2004 Head Lease] to the [JV Companies], it is only proper
that the [JV Companies] should pay adequate consideration to [SAA] for the
same. [emphasis added]

123 Furthermore, at the trial before the Judge, Tan CB accepted in cross-
examination that the holder of the 2004 Head Lease would inevitably have such
a benefit. In fact, Tan CB conceded that it was inconceivable for the 2004
Head Lease to be held by one party and for the 2007 Head Lease to be held by
another.

124 In our judgment, this would also explain the need for cl 9(g) of the
Consent Order. Clause 9(g), which has been set out in full at [113] above,
states that in the event the Respondents won the bid, the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits), in particular SAA, shall use its best endeavours to
facilitate the assignment or transfer or novation of SAA’s head lease with the
SLA. We agree with the Respondents that cl 9(g) would make little sense if the
“head lease” there referred only to the 2004 Head Lease and not its attendant
benefits such as the right to negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease.

125 We therefore cannot agree with Mr Poon’s submission that all that the
Consent Order, specifically cl 11, does is to protect the existing leases and
sub-leases (which is to say only the 2004 Head Lease and the 2004 STAs). In
our judgment, at the time that the Consent Order was entered into and up to
the time of the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease, the status quo — which cl 11
provides cannot be varied or altered by the parties — extended to the benefit
to negotiate for the 2007 Head Lease. In the event that the joint venture was
not dissolved in accordance with the Consent Order before the expiry of the
2004 Head Lease and only after the 2007 Head Lease was granted — which is the
situation the parties are now in, the status quo would necessarily include the
benefit of the 2007 Head Lease. We therefore do not think that it is correct
or fair to adopt Mr Poon’s narrow construction of the word “presently” that
features in cl 11. In our judgment, such a narrow construction would rob these
clauses of their intent and meaning.

126 We therefore agree with the Judge’s finding that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) breached cl 11 of the Consent Order when they altered the
status quo by acquiring the 2007 Head Lease for themselves without granting
sub-tenancies to the JV Companies.

127 We also agree with the Judge that the breach of cl 11 of the Consent Order
is repudiatory in nature because the JV Companies would be “empty shells”
without the STAs which were their main source of revenue. In any event, we
note that the Appellants (CA 168) have not disputed that if the failure to
grant sub-tenancies to the JV Companies constituted a breach of the Consent
Order, it would amount to a repudiatory breach. As we have found for the
Respondents, we do not see the need to address the two additional grounds that
they have raised, namely the Back to Back Arrangement and the Misappropriation
by SAA.

Whether there was a breach of the Implied Term

128 We proceed, for completeness, to consider whether the Judge was correct to
hold that there was an implied term in the Consent Order that SAA would not
appropriate for itself the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease pending full
performance of the Consent Order. The Implied Term was relied on by the Judge
as an alternative basis to support his decision in the event his construction
of cl 11 (and cl 9(g)) of the Consent Order was erroneous. The Implied Term
arises in the context of the parties not having contemplated that the bidding
exercise would take place after the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease.

129 In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp”) (at [101]), we outlined three steps for
determining whether a term is to be implied in fact into a contract (“the
three-step test”). Pursuant to the three-step test, the court would only imply
a term when:

(a) there is a gap in the contract;

(b) it is necessary in the business or commercial sense to imply a term in
order to give the contract efficacy; and

(c) the term is one which the parties, having regard to the need for business
efficacy, would have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put
to them at the time of the contract.

130 We agree with the Judge that there is a gap in the Consent Order because
the parties had not provided for what should be done in the event that the
bidding exercise was not carried out within the timelines laid down in the
Consent Order. Specifically, they did not consider the steps that should be
taken in respect of the 2007 Head Lease if, for some reason, the bidding
exercise were to take place after the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease. The
parties do not dispute that this scenario was not expressly considered and
that they did not envisage such a long period of delay in the issuance of the
Valuation Reports.

131 We turn to consider whether, in these circumstances, it is necessary in
the business or commercial sense to imply the Implied Term in order to give
the Consent Order efficacy. In our judgment, the Judge was correct to have
found that the Consent Order was structured in such a manner as to allow the
group that valued the JV Companies more to gain control of them, and the group
that valued the JV Companies less to receive a sum of money which would be
greater than the value that the latter had themselves ascribed to the JV
Companies (see the Judgment at [165]). Contrary to Mr Poon’s submission, we
find no indication in the Consent Order or from the circumstances prevailing
at the material time that the purpose of the Consent Order was “primarily to
end the joint venture”. Ending the joint venture was an important, but not the
sole nor the most important, purpose of the Consent Order. The Consent Order
was specially crafted to ensure that the parties would both obtain a result
that would in all likelihood be satisfactory to them because of the value that
they subjectively ascribed to the JV Companies. In this connection, it is
clear to us that the parties were bidding for the JV Companies with the view
of one party operating them as a going concern, unless both parties decided
for some reason not to submit a bid.

132 It is also important to bear in mind, as we have stated at [119] above,
that the parties had a common understanding, from the outset, that the lease
with the SLA over the Site would run for nine years in total. It was thus
within the parties’ knowledge that barring any unforeseen change of
circumstances, the SLA would renew the lease of the Site for a further three
years after the 2004 Head Lease expired.

133 Bearing this context in mind, we agree with the Judge that it is necessary
in the business or commercial sense to imply a term that would allow the
parties to be able to meaningfully bid for the JV Companies even in the
situation which the parties had not provided for, namely where the bidding
exercise had not been concluded before the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease.
Without the Implied Term which prohibits the Defendants (Consolidated Suits)
from appropriating the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease (including the sub-
tenancies that were later entered into with the ultimate tenants) for
themselves, the purpose of the Consent Order and of the bidding exercise would
be defeated because the value of the JV Companies would be severely
compromised without the STAs (and the SSTAs that flowed from these).

134 We therefore disagree with Mr Poon’s submission that the Consent Order
retains its efficacy without the Implied Term because the parties could
nonetheless proceed with the bidding exercise. This ignores the reality that
the value of the JV Companies would be significantly diminished, if not
altogether lost, in such circumstances and the Consent Order cannot then be
said to be efficacious given that its purpose would have been thwarted.

135 Mr Poon’s alternative submission is that the gap can be filled by cl 10 of
the Consent Order, which, he submits, provides that the JV Companies would be
liquidated if no bids were submitted in the bidding exercise because the
parties viewed them as being valueless. His argument is essentially that even
if such a gap existed, the Consent Order would still be efficacious because cl
10 allows the parties to apply to court to wind up the JV Companies if there
are no bids. In response, Mr Tan submits that cl 10 does not fill the gap and
is merely a “generally-worded ‘liberty to apply’ provision” which gives the
parties the option of applying to wind up the JV Companies.

136 Clause 10 of the Consent Order states as follows:

That the parties be at liberty to apply in respect of the ancillary issues
relating to the winding up of the [JV Companies], if any.

In our judgment, it is not correct to say that cl 10 provides that the JV
Companies would be liquidated if no bids were submitted. As pointed out by Mr
Tan, cl 10 merely affords the parties the liberty to apply in connection with
any winding-up of the JV Companies. This has nothing to do with the gap that
we have earlier identified, which pertains to the duties of the parties in the
event the bidding exercise is not completed by the time of the expiry of the
2004 Head Lease. In our judgment, Mr Poon’s submission does not address the
key point, which is that the purpose of the Consent Order would be thwarted —
and thus the Consent Order would be rendered inefficacious — in the absence of
the Implied Term. We do not see how cl 10 can be said to preserve the efficacy
of the Consent Order in such circumstances. We should add for completeness
that we do not think that the Implied Term would contradict cl 10 or any other
clause in the Consent Order, although we do not understand Mr Poon to be
making such an argument.

137 Given the context that we have outlined above, we are satisfied, as we
have already noted, that any arrangement which allows SAA to appropriate the
benefit of the 2007 Head Lease for itself would destroy the entire basis on
which the parties were approaching the bidding exercise. We are therefore also
satisfied that it was necessary for business efficacy to imply a term to
proscribe this from happening.

138 Our observations on the business efficacy of the Implied Term segue into
the last step of the test on the implication of terms. We are satisfied that
in the light of the understanding of the parties in respect of the joint
venture and the Consent Order, the parties would have responded “Oh, of
course!” if the officious bystander had asked them at the time the Consent
Order was entered into whether SAA should be prohibited from appropriating the
benefit of the 2007 Head Lease pending the performance of the Consent Order,
should the 2004 Head Lease expire before then.

139 To the extent that Mr Poon submits that the Defendants (Consolidated
Suits) would not have agreed to the Implied Term, we find that these are self-
serving assertions made with hindsight and in the light of the commercially
advantageous position that they now find themselves in. The implication of
terms is an exercise undertaken by the court to fill an essential gap in the
contract with due regard to what the parties would be presumed to have
intended (see Sembcorp at [93]). We are thus concerned only with an objective
assessment of what the presumed intentions of the parties would have been at
the time the contract was entered into. The subjective assertions by parties
after a dispute has arisen cannot affect this analysis.

140 For these reasons, we uphold the Judge’s finding that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) had breached the Implied Term when they procured SAA to
appropriate the benefit of the 2007 Head Lease for themselves pending the
performance of the Consent Order by not entering into STAs with the JV
Companies and instead entering into STAs with the ultimate tenants. There is
again no dispute that such a breach is repudiatory in nature.

Whether there was a breach of cl 5 of the Consent Order

141 We turn to the last alleged breach, which concerns cl 5 of the Consent
Order. Unlike the breaches of cl 11 and the Implied Term which concern the
Non-Renewal Issue, the alleged breach of cl 5 of the Consent Order concerns
the Non-Disclosure Issue. Clause 5 of the Consent Order states as follows:

[KPMG CF] shall have unfettered and absolute discretion in conducting the
Valuation Exercise as [it] deems fit and the [Respondents] and [Defendants
(Consolidated Suits)] undertake not to interfere, impede, obstruct, or do
anything to prevent or hinder [KPMG CF’s] discharge of [its] duties in respect
of the Valuation Exercise. … [emphasis added]

142 Mr Poon’s submissions in respect of the alleged breach of cl 5 of the
Consent Order are straightforward. First, he argues that cl 5, when viewed in
the light of the entire Consent Order (in particular cll 4 and 6), did not
place a duty of active disclosure on the parties. Next, he argues that the
Defendants (Consolidated Suits) should not be faulted for not having provided
information that the KPMG Entities had never asked for, given that the KPMG
Entities had “unfettered and absolute discretion” in the conduct of the
valuation exercise. Lastly, he argues that in any event, the Consent Order did
not encompass the 2007 Head Lease and there was thus no obligation to disclose
it to the KPMG Entities. The last submission clearly cannot stand in the light
of our finding above that the 2007 Head Lease and its attendant benefits were
encompassed by the Consent Order. We therefore deal with Mr Poon’s other
arguments.

143 In our judgment, Mr Poon’s arguments do not directly meet the case that
has been put forward by the Respondents. The Respondents do not rest their
case on the contention that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had a duty to
actively disclose the information in question and had breached this duty;
rather, their principal argument is that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits)
had hindered the KPMG Entities from discharging their duties to accurately
value the JV Companies’ assets and liabilities for the purposes of an intended
bidding exercise by not disclosing the existence of the 2007 Head Lease to
them, and have therefore breached their undertaking in cl 5.

144 There is clear evidence to show that the lack of disclosure of the 2007
Head Lease was an impediment to the KPMG Entities in their undertaking of the
tasks. The KPMG Entities themselves expressed the view that their work had
been hindered when they stated that the functional integrity of the valuation
had been compromised because the information provided was materially
inaccurate, in that the obtaining of the 2007 Head Lease had not been
disclosed. This was first conveyed in the KPMG August Letter (see [38] above),
where KPMG BA said as follows:

…

In our view, the terms of [the Consent Order] would only be meaningful to the
parties if the conclusions reached in our Valuation Reports are based on
relevant factual information.

The [Defendants (Consolidated Suits)’] recent confirmation of the renewal of
the [2004 Head Lease] makes it clear to us that the facts provided to [KPMG
CF] were materially inaccurate. The function of the valuation is to facilitate
the compromise between the parties which is recorded in [the Consent Order].
The altered facts therefore call in issue the functional integrity of the
valuation and whether it has met its purpose of facilitating the compromise
between the parties.

In the circumstances, we are of [the] view that the Valuation Reports should
be revised, as a result of the [Defendants (Consolidated Suits)’]
confirmation.

…

[emphasis added]

In the KPMG September Letter, KPMG BA reiterated that the functional integrity
of the Valuation Reports had been compromised as a result of the failure to
disclose the grant of the 2007 Head Lease (see [39] above).

145 In fact, we also note that Tan CB himself agreed in cross-examination that
the terms of the Consent Order would only be meaningful if the conclusions
reached in the Valuation Reports were based on relevant and accurate factual
information. He conceded that the failure to reveal the 2007 Head Lease would
affect the valuation of the JV Companies. He eventually also conceded that the
fact that the 2007 Head Lease had already been acquired was a piece of
important information. The evidence given by Tan CB shows that the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) were alive to the fact that the failure to disclose the
2007 Head Lease would hinder the discharge of the duties of the KPMG Entities.

146 Given the foregoing, we cannot see how the Defendants (Consolidated Suits)
can maintain that their omission to inform the KPMG Entities of the 2007 Head
Lease did not hinder the KPMG Entities’ discharge of their duties. The
Defendants (Consolidated Suits) cannot absolve themselves of all
responsibility by simply stating that they were only obliged to provide
information that was specifically sought by the KPMG Entities which had
“unfettered and absolute” discretion in the conduct of the valuation exercise.
The scope of the undertaking made by the parties to the Consent Order “not to
interfere, impede, obstruct, or do anything to prevent or hinder” the KPMG
Entities’ discharge of their duties is clearly not as narrow as the Defendants
(Consolidated Suits) make it out to be. In our judgment, by withholding
information that they ought reasonably to have contemplated would be material
to the KPMG Entities’ discharge of their duties, the Defendants (Consolidated
Suits) did breach cl 5 of the Consent Order and we therefore uphold the
Judge’s finding to this effect.

147 As the failure to disclose the 2007 Head Lease in breach of cl 5 of the
Consent Order fundamentally compromised the Valuation Reports, which were a
cornerstone of the Consent Order, we also agree with the Judge that this
breach was repudiatory in nature.

Conclusion on the issue of the repudiatory breaches

148 For these reasons, we hold that the Defendants (Consolidated Suits) had
breached cll 5 and 11 of the Consent Order and the Implied Term and that all
of these breaches were repudiatory in nature. We will refer to these three
breaches as “the Repudiatory Breaches”. We turn next to consider whether the
Judge was correct to have found that the Consent Order can and should be set
aside ab initio as a result of the Repudiatory Breaches.

Whether the Consent Order can be set aside as a result of the Repudiatory
Breaches

149 Mr Poon argues that even if the Judge was correct to have found that the
Consent Order had been breached and the breaches were repudiatory in nature,
he was wrong to set aside the Consent Order on that basis because such
breaches would, as a matter of law, only permit a termination of the Consent
Order by the Respondents with prospective effect. He submits that the
Consolidated Suits cannot be revived because they had effectively been
superseded by the Consent Order, which had enshrined the parties’ settlement.

150 Mr Tan did not appear to have directly addressed this contention. Instead,
his submissions focused on the following contentions: (a) that the Judge’s
alternative finding — that the Consent Order should be set aside because it
was inoperative — is correct; and (b) that in the alternative, pursuant to its
inherent power under O 92 r 4 ROC and on the basis of Airtrust (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v Kao Chai-Chau Linda [2014] 2 SLR 693 (“Airtrust (Singapore)”), the court
has the residual discretion to set aside a contractual consent order where
this is necessary to prevent injustice.

151 We respectfully disagree with the Judge on this issue as we do not see any
basis upon which it would be possible to set aside the Consent Order ab initio
on the basis of the Repudiatory Breaches. As pointed out by Mr Poon, the
Respondents must establish a vitiating factor on the facts before the Consent
Order, which is contractual in nature, can be declared void ab initio (see
Cost Engineers (SEA) Pte Ltd and another v Chan Siew Lun [2016] 1 SLR 137 at
[52] and Bakery Mart Pte Ltd v Ng Wei Teck Michael and others [2005] 1 SLR(R)
28 at [11]). The Respondents have not pointed to any operative vitiating
factor. In fact, it is not their case that any such vitiating factor is
present. Where a contractual consent order, such as the present one, is
discharged for breach, it is terminated prospectively and the parties are
released from future performance: Dominic O’ Sullivan, Steven Elliott & Rafal
Zakrzewski, The Law of Rescission (Oxford University Press, 2008) at para
1.02; and Hong Fok Realty Pte Ltd v Bima Investment Pte Ltd and another appeal
[1992] 2 SLR(R) 834 at [20]–[21].

152 Further, as we observed in Indian Overseas Bank v Motorcycle Industries
(1973) Pte Ltd and others [1992] 3 SLR(R) 841 at [13]–[20] (endorsing
Halsbury’s Laws of England vol 37 (4th Ed) at para 391 and several case
authorities), a settlement agreement which has been entered into for good
consideration has the following effects:

(a) it puts an end to the proceedings, which would thereby be spent and
exhausted;

(b) it precludes the parties from taking any further steps in the action,
except where they have provided in the settlement agreement for liberty to
apply, in the same action, for the purpose of enforcing the agreed terms; and

(c) it supersedes the original cause of action altogether.

153 Indeed, as further noted in David Foskett, Foskett on Compromise (Sweet &
Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2015) (“Foskett”) at para 8–01 and Thoday at 197–198, if a
settlement is embodied in a consent judgment, the underlying causes of action
are merged in the judgment. New causes of action then arise from the existence
of the settlement agreement because the natural inference is that the parties’
common intention is that the consent order should thereafter govern their
relationship in respect of the disputed matters with which they had been
previously engaged.

154 The only caveat to this would be where the settlement agreement itself
permits recourse to the original claim in the event of a breach of its terms.
If so, and if a breach is subsequently committed, the innocent party may then
proceed with the original claim (see the observations of the High Court in The
“Dilmun Fulmar” [2004] 1 SLR(R) 140 at [7] that an agreement of compromise
would discharge all original claims and counterclaims unless it expressly
provides for their revival in the event of breach; see also Foskett at para
8–07 and Korea Foreign Insurance Co v Omne Re Sa [1999] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. I.R.
509).

155 In our judgment, the Consent Order cannot be set aside and the
Consolidated Suits cannot be revived notwithstanding the Repudiatory Breaches.
It is clear from cl 1 of the Consent Order that the Consent Order
unequivocally and immediately compromised the Consolidated Suits. Clause 1
states as follows:

The terms of this Order shall constitute a full and final settlement of all
claims that the [Respondents] may have against [the Defendants (Consolidated
Suits)], howsoever arising out of or in relation to the [Consolidated Suits].

156 The original causes of action in the Consolidated Suits were superseded
upon the making of the Consent Order, and the original claims were discharged
by the Consent Order, which did not expressly provide for the revival of the
claims in the event of a breach. The clear language of cl 1 of the Consent
Order also militates against an interpretation that the compromise of the
Consolidated Suits was conditioned on the parties performing the terms of the
Consent Order. Contrary to the Judge’s finding, we are satisfied that the
Repudiatory Breaches only had the effect of prospectively terminating the
parties’ agreement and releasing the parties from future obligations. We
therefore consider that the Judge was wrong to have found that the Consent
Order could be set aside on this basis.

Whether the court has a residual discretion to set aside or not to enforce the
Consent Order

157 We turn to Mr Tan’s alternative submission, which is that a consent order
differs from a normal contract and the court retains a residual discretion to
set it aside. This was not one of the grounds relied on by the Judge to set
aside the Consent Order.

158 For this submission, Mr Tan relies on O 92 r 4 of the ROC, which states
that nothing in the ROC limits or affects the inherent powers of the court to
make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or an abuse of the
process of the court. He also relies on the High Court decision in Airtrust
(Singapore), where it was held (at [23]) that the court retains a residual
discretion pursuant to O 92 r 4 of the ROC to vary or set aside a contractual
consent order.

159 With respect, we do not agree with the position taken by the High Court in
Airtrust (Singapore). While we agree, for the reasons we go on to set out,
that the court has a residual discretion not to enforce contractual or
consensual “unless” orders or other consensual procedural orders, as has been
established in a line of authorities, such a discretion does not, in our
judgment, extend to contractual consent orders that relate to the substantive
issues in the case and the substantive rights of the parties, much less to set
aside such orders.

160 The view that the court may have a residual discretion not to enforce a
contractual or consensual “unless” order was articulated in an earlier High
Court decision in Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man [2006]
2 SLR(R) 117 (“Wellmix Organics”). There, an unless order pursuant to which
the defendant was to file his affidavits of evidence-in-chief by a certain
date (“the Unless Order”) had been issued by a court. The defendant
subsequently breached the Unless Order and the plaintiff proceeded to enter
interlocutory judgment against him. The defendant applied to set aside the
interlocutory judgment, but his application was dismissed by an assistant
registrar. The matter came before the High Court on appeal. The key issue
before the High Court was whether the Unless Order was an unless order that
had been made by consent. The court held (at [103]) that the order was an
“ordinary” unless order and not an unless order that was made by consent. As
there was no contract between the parties in respect of the Unless Order, the
court could vary or alter it without the parties’ consent (at [28]−[30]). The
court found that while the defendant’s action was intentional, it was neither
contumelious nor contumacious but was due to a misunderstanding. The court
therefore allowed the defendant’s appeal on the basis that the breach in that
case did not warrant imposing the harshest of consequences (at [103] and
[107]).

161 Although that was sufficient to deal with the appeal, the court in Wellmix
Organics went on to observe that even if the Unless Order had been made by
consent, the court had a residual discretion not to enforce it and it would
thus have found in favour of the defendant on this ground as well. The court
began its analysis of this issue by discussing the decision of the English
Court of Appeal in Purcell v F C Trigell Ltd [1971] 1 QB 358 (“Purcell”) which
also involved a consent unless order. Lord Denning MR observed in Purcell (at
363–364) that while a consent unless order cannot be set aside, the court
might “in its discretion, vary or alter [an order] even though made originally
by consent” because the court always has a control over interlocutory orders.

162 After discussing several authorities and the ambit of the court’s power
under O 92 r 4, the court in Wellmix Organics held that an unless order made
by consent, whilst technically a contract between the parties, would have the
draconian effect of allowing one party to wholly deprive the other of its
legal rights in the context of litigation. Therefore even where such an order
has been agreed upon between the parties, there may arise certain special
circumstances where it would nevertheless be unjust for the party in whose
favour the consent order operates to insist on its enforcement in the absence
of a high degree of intentionally contumacious or contumelious conduct of the
other party (at [90]). The court held that such a discretion may be premised
on the inherent powers of the court pursuant to O 92 r 4 of the ROC, and that
in the final analysis, this is essentially an aspect of the court’s power to
retain ultimate control over its own procedure. This follows from the fact
that an unless order is, after all, part of the court’s procedural armoury and
is not concerned with the substantive merits of the case (at [91]). It was
also emphasised that an unless order, whether by consent or otherwise, deals
with the litigation process and, on this score, the courts ought to retain the
final say (at [91]).

163 Insofar as unless orders that are made by consent are concerned, we agree
with the analysis in Wellmix Organics that the court retains a residual
discretion not to enforce the order because an unless order is primarily
concerned with its procedure and yet it may bring with it draconian
consequences affecting the substantive rights of the parties. There is,
however, no conceptual basis for extending such a discretion to a contractual
consent order that encapsulates a settlement agreement covering the
substantive causes of action between the parties, much less to set aside such
orders (in this regard, we would also add that even in the context of consent
unless orders, case authority indicates that the discretion does not extend to
setting them aside (see Purcell at 363–364, discussed above at [161])). In our
judgment, this is so for the following reasons:

(a) The competing policy of finality in settlement agreements would militate
against the court having a residual supervisory power over such agreements
because even if the court might well not exercise such a power save in
exceptional cases, its mere existence might open the floodgates by encouraging
parties to bring an action to reopen matters resolved by agreement.

(b) Parties incorporate a contractual agreement within a consent order of
court because they wish to be able to enforce the judgement in the event of
non-compliance without having to institute a fresh action. It is not the case
that they do so to enable the court to exercise some form of supervisory
jurisdiction in relation to the consent order.

(c) Any factor that undermines the consent of one party to a contractual
consent order should be rationalised within the existing common law vitiating
factors. There is no justification for applying a different rule just because
the agreement has been encapsulated within a consent order.

(d) Where parties have consented to a consent order and their consent remains
untainted by a recognised vitiating factor, fairness lie in favour of holding
the parties to what they have agreed.

164 The foregoing discussion has been premised on contractual or consensual
unless orders because that was the nature of the order in these cases. But we
can see no reason for distinguishing between consensual unless orders and
other procedural orders that are reached by consent, insofar as such orders
are concerned purely with the procedures of the court and not with the
substantive rights of the parties. Save in such a category of cases (that is,
cases involving procedural orders), the court, in our judgment, has no
residual discretion to vary or not to enforce a contractual consent order in
the absence of an available vitiating factor that is recognised in contract
law. We should add, however, that these observations would not apply where
there are statutory provisions that provide otherwise. For instance, these
observations would not apply to consent orders that relate to ancillary
matters in matrimonial proceedings, which fall within the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) (see, for example, ss 119 and 129 of the Women’s Charter,
which provide, respectively, that the court may, at any time and from time to
time, vary the terms of any agreement between the parties that relate to
maintenance or the custody or care and control of a child).

Whether the Consent Order can be set aside on the ground that it is
inoperative

165 We turn to consider whether the Consent Order can be set aside on the
ground that it is inoperative. This is the alternative ground that the Judge
relied on to set aside the Consent Order and revive the Consolidated Suits.

166 This issue received brief treatment by the Judge. He referred to our
decision in Hoban, where it was held that the parties would be restored to the
status quo ante and that the litigation in that case would be resumed when the
valuation order there was declared to be inoperative on account of a “nil”
valuation. The Judge held that similarly, the Consent Order in the present
case was inoperative because there was “nothing left to bid for” as the 2004
and 2007 Head Leases had run their course (see [192]–[194] of the Judgment).
Given that the Judge (and the Respondents) relied heavily on Hoban for this
proposition, it is apposite for us to begin by analysing that decision in some
detail.

167 In Hoban, the appellants sued the respondents for minority oppression.
Shortly after the commencement of the hearing, the parties indicated that they
no longer wanted the court to determine the issue of liability in respect of
the minority oppression action as all they really wanted was an equitable exit
from the company. Following this, the parties agreed on the terms of reference
for the valuation of the shares in the company (“the Shares”), and the
appointment of an expert to do the valuation. They also agreed that the
expert’s valuation would be final. They could not, however, agree on six
issues, including the date of valuation and whether the Shares should be
valued on a minority basis. The trial judge heard the parties on these issues,
and ultimately made an order (“the Valuation Order”), directing the parties to
proceed with the appointment of an expert to value the Shares. The Valuation
Order included a condition allowing the trial judge to adjust the expert’s
valuation, taking into account any “non-pecuniary material circumstances”.

168 An expert was duly appointed to value the Shares. The expert found the net
asset value of the company to be negative. He therefore valued the shares as
having “nil” value. The appellants then applied for the trial judge to adjust
the expert’s valuation on the basis of the respondents’ oppression. The trial
judge declined to intervene and upheld the expert’s valuation on the ground
that the parties had agreed not to raise the issue of liability. He further
held that it would have been wholly inappropriate for the court to interfere
with the expert’s valuation as the parties had expressly agreed that it would
be final.

169 The appellants appealed to the Court of Appeal, which held that the
liability issue could no longer be litigated and that the expert’s valuation
was final. However, the court held that the trial judge had not determined if
he should exercise his discretion to adjust the valuation. The case was
therefore remitted to him for this purpose. After a trial, during which
parties tendered evidence including fresh evidence from two witnesses on the
offers that had been made by third parties, the trial judge found that there
was no basis for him to vary the expert’s valuation as there were no non-
pecuniary material circumstances which would enable him to do so. The
appellants again appealed this decision, arguing that the trial judge had
erred in not adjusting the “nil” valuation by taking into account the various
prices that had been offered by third parties to buy the Shares.

170 The Court of Appeal affirmed the trial judge’s decision not to adjust the
“nil” value of the Shares. Separately, the court invited the parties to submit
written arguments on whether the expert’s “nil” valuation had rendered the
Valuation Order inoperative, which would in turn have the effect of restoring
the parties to their legal positions prior to the making of the Valuation
Order as if the order had never been made.

171 After considering the parties’ arguments, the court took the view (at
[40]) that the use of the word “purchase” in the Valuation Order implied “that
the parties and even the court thought that the [Shares] had some value and
that they should be subject to acquisition at that value”, especially when
seen in the light that the intention of the trial judge was to provide an
“equitable exit mechanism” for the appellants. Ultimately, the court took the
view (at [42]) that the “nil” valuation for the Shares meant that the
Valuation Order could not be implemented as the Shares could not be
“purchased”. Therefore, the Valuation Order had become inoperative. The court
held as follows, at [46]:

Accordingly, we declare that the [Valuation Order] has become inoperative by
reason of the legal fact that the [Shares] could not be purchased by the First
and Second Respondents at nil value. This means that the parties are restored
to the status quo ante, as if the [Valuation Order] had never been made.

172 In our judgment, Hoban is distinguishable from the present case. It seems
to us that the Valuation Order in Hoban was an order made by the trial judge,
albeit premised on a broad agreement between the parties, as opposed to a
truly contractual consent order. We note that the court ultimately decided on
the parameters of the Valuation Order which the parties had not been able to
agree on. It is also telling that the Court of Appeal observed at [41] that it
would be wholly unreasonable and unjust to attribute to the trial judge —
rather than to the parties as would be expected if the order was truly a
contractual consent order — an intention that the Shares should be effectively
given away if they were assessed as having a “nil” value. If the Valuation
Order was indeed not a contractual consent order but an ordinary order of
court, the court’s decision that it was empowered to set it aside would be
uncontroversial. In our judgment, this was the true basis of the decision in
Hoban and on this basis, it does not assist the Respondents.

173 We therefore disagree with the Judge that the Consent Order can be set
aside by reason of it being “inoperative”.

The remedies that should flow from the Repudiatory Breaches

174 It follows from our findings above that there is no basis to set aside the
Consent Order or to revive the Consolidated Suits. While the Judge was correct
to have found that there were repudiatory breaches, the remedy that he awarded
was, with respect, not correct. We thus reverse that aspect of the Judge’s
decision. This leads us to the question of whether, and if so, how, the
alternative relief pleaded by the Respondents can be granted. However, as this
issue was not properly ventilated in the submissions before us, we will hear
the parties before coming to a decision on this.

175 The parties are therefore directed to appear before the Registrar for
further directions. We will hear the parties further on the question of
exactly what remedial orders we may and should make in the light of our
findings. In this regard, the parties are to address us on the following
questions, without prejudice to such other issues as the parties may seek our
ruling on:

(a) What remedies should flow from the Repudiatory Breaches that we have found
were committed?

(b) Without prejudice to the generality of the previous question, is there
scope for the imposition of damages on the basis set out in Wrotham Park
Estate Co. Ltd v Parkside Homes Ltd and Others [1974] 1 WLR 798?

(c) Which parties may be made subject to any remedial orders that we may
order? In particular, can and should Tan Senior and Tan CB be held liable?

Whether the counterclaim should be dismissed

176 It remains for us to consider whether the Judge was correct to have
dismissed the counterclaim that was advanced by three of the Appellants (CA
168) seeking an order that the bidding exercise proceed should be dismissed.
Given our findings that the Consent Order has been terminated prospectively as
a result of the Repudiatory Breaches by the Defendants (Consolidated Suits)
and that the parties are no longer bound by any obligation to proceed with the
bidding exercise under the Consent Order (at [156]), there is no conceivable
basis for us to order that the bidding exercise continue. We therefore uphold
the Judge’s decision to dismiss the counterclaim.

The Consequential Orders made by the Judge

177 Finally, the Appellants have also taken issue with the Consequential
Orders made by the Judge, namely that Tan CB and Tan Senior can and should be
added as parties to the Consolidated Suits (see [70]−[71] above). Given our
finding that the Consolidated Suits cannot be revived, there is no need for us
to consider the merits of the Consequential Orders.

Our decision in respect of CA 171

178 It is necessary, however, for us to come to a decision on the principal
issue in CA 171, which is whether Tan Senior should have been joined as a
defendant to Suit 27. Counsel for Tan Senior, Mr Irving Choh (“Mr Choh”),
makes the following three key points on appeal:

(a) First, he submits that as Tan Senior was not a party to the Consent Order,
Suit 27 — which was brought primarily to set aside the Consent Order — should
not have been brought against him and should have been dismissed as against
Tan Senior.

(b) Second, he submits that given that the Respondents had elected not to
pursue Tan Senior for more than five years, it is inequitable and an abuse of
process for them to sue Tan Senior in Suit 27 and thus the suit should have
been dismissed as against Tan Senior. Specifically, he submits that the
Respondents had elected to waive their rights against Tan Senior, or were
guilty of laches or estoppel by conduct.

(c) Third, he submits that by extension of his previous argument, it would
also be inequitable for the Respondents to sue Tan Senior in the Consolidated
Suits even if the suits are revived as a result of the court’s decision.

As observed in the preceding paragraph, the third point is now moot in the
light of our finding that the Consolidated Suits cannot be revived. We
therefore deal only with the first two points.

179 On the first point, the focus, in our judgment, should not be on whether
Tan Senior was a party to the Consent Order but on whether he was rightly
joined as a defendant to Suit 27. In this regard, we agree with Mr Tan that
Tan Senior was rightly joined as a defendant in Suit 27 because his rights and
interests would be affected if the Consolidated Suits were revived and this
was one of the remedies that the Respondents were seeking. As set out in
Jeffrey Pinsler, SC, Singapore Court Practice 2014 vol I (LexisNexis, 2014) at
para 15/4/1, all appropriate parties to a dispute should, as far as possible,
be before the court at the same time so that there may be a proper and
complete determination of all issues and a comprehensive adjudication of all
affected interests (see also the observations in Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping
and others [2006] 3 SLR(R) 881 at [44]). The underlying reason for this, apart
from efficiency and convenience, is that a party whose interests and rights
would be affected must be afforded the opportunity to be heard before a
decision is made.

180 As for the second point, we are not satisfied that the defences of laches,
waiver and estoppel by conduct are made out. Mr Choh seeks to persuade us in
respect of these defences on the ground that Tan Senior has allegedly suffered
significant prejudice because (a) he would have to face litigation despite
being of advanced years; (b) he is unable to recall many of the events; and
(c) he did not retain most of the documents after his bankruptcy. We agree
with the Judge that these are bare assertions which were unsupported by
evidence. More importantly, we do not think that these grounds, even if made
out, would suffice. Nothing exceptional has been raised to convince us that
Tan Senior should not have been joined in Suit 27. For completeness, we also
observe that Mr Choh did not take any issue with the limitation period of the
claims and so we say nothing on that.

181 As for the doctrine of waiver by election, Tan Senior has failed to put
forward any evidence that the Respondents had “clearly and unequivocally”
communicated to him that they would not revive any action against him
throughout and after his bankruptcy. Tan Senior has, on the facts, only been
able to establish that the Respondents had suspended the enforcement of their
right to sue him in the light of his bankruptcy. Tan Senior’s name from the
writ was never deleted and he was even named as a party to the Consent Order.
We are also unable to see how the Respondents’ actions against Tan Senior can
amount to an abuse of process. The circumstances of this case are clearly
different from that of Morris v Wentworth-Stanley [1999] 1 QB 1004 (“Morris”),
on which Mr Choh relies for this submission. In Morris, the English Court of
Appeal found that the plaintiff’s prosecution of fresh proceedings against the
defendant was an abuse of process because the plaintiff had in fact deleted
the defendant’s name from the original action without reserving the right to
sue her later. In contrast, there were no active steps taken by the
Respondents in the present case to remove Tan Senior from the Consolidated
Suits.

182 We therefore dismiss Tan Senior’s appeal in CA 171, insofar as his
arguments pertain to the inclusion of him as a party to Suit 27.

Conclusion on the appeals

183 In the premises, we dismiss CA 171. CA 168 is also dismissed, save that we
reverse the Judge’s order to set aside the Consent Order and revive the
Consolidated Suits. As explained above, we do not agree that such a remedy can
be granted in the light of the Repudiatory Breaches or on the basis that the
Consent Order is inoperative. As for SUM 16 and SUM 17, we make no orders in
relation to them since we do not think that the outcome of these summonses
would have any bearing on the outcome of the appeals.

184 As set out at [175] above, we will hear the parties on the remedies that
should flow from our findings. We will also hear the parties on costs and on
any other consequential matters.

Post-hearing stay applications (per Sundaresh Menon CJ sitting as a single
judge in the Court of Appeal)

185 Lastly, I briefly address the applications for a stay of execution that
were heard by me on 5 April 2016 after this court reserved judgment in
relation to CA 168 and CA 171 on 10 March 2016. These applications have no
bearing on the merits of CA 168 and CA 171 but they concern a point of
practice.

186 The stay applications arose out of two summonses filed by Tan CB and Koh
KM respectively. On 21 March 2016, Tan CB filed Summons No 36 of 2016 (“SUM
36”) and Koh KM filed Summons No 37 of 2016 (“SUM 37”) (together, “the CA Stay
Applications”). In SUM 36, Tan CB prayed for the following:

(a) that the bankruptcy application in HC/B 546 of 2016 made against him by
the Respondents be stayed pending the outcome of CA 168; and

(b) alternatively, that all execution of proceedings be stayed pending the
outcome of CA 168.

187 Koh KM prayed for similar orders in SUM 37 in respect of the bankruptcy
application that had been brought against him. His prayers were as follows:

(a) that the interim costs and disbursements orders made against him on 11
December 2015 be stayed pending the outcome of the appeal in CA 168; and

(b) further and/or in the alternative, that the bankruptcy proceedings
instituted by the Respondents against him in HC/B 547 of 2016 be stayed
pending the outcome of the appeal in CA 168.

188 The context to the filing of SUM 36 and SUM 37 was as follows. On 11
December 2015, the Judge made an order that Tan CB, Koh KM and SAA were to pay
$800,000 ($500,000 as costs and $300,000 as disbursements) to the Respondents
(“the Interim Payment Order”). This led to the filing of Summons No 6189 of
2015 (“SUM 6189”) by Tan CB and Summons No 119 of 2016 (“SUM 119”) by Koh KM
and SAA (together, “the Interim Payment Order Stay Applications”) seeking a
stay of execution of the Interim Payment Order pending the outcome of CA 168.
The Judge dismissed the Interim Payment Order Stay Applications on 18 January
2016.

189 The Respondents thereafter issued statutory demands against Koh KM and Tan
CB on 4 February 2016 for the sum of $806,542.03, being the amount that the
two were jointly and severally liable to pay the Respondents by reason of the
Interim Payment Order.

190 On 19 February 2016, Koh KM filed Summons No 785 of 2016 (“SUM 785”) to
restrain the Respondents from proceeding with the statutory demand against him
pending the outcome of the appeal in CA 168 and Tan CB filed Summon No 784 of
2016 (“SUM 784”) asking that all execution of proceedings be stayed pending
the decision in CA 168.

191 The Judge dismissed SUM 784 and SUM 785 on 7 March 2016. The dismissals by
the Judge of SUM 784, SUM 785, SUM 6189 and SUM 119 shall be referred to
collectively as “the Stay Dismissals”.

192 The bankruptcy application against Tan CB was served on him on 10 March
2016 and that against Koh KM was served by way of substituted service on 20
March 2016. Both bankruptcy applications were to be heard on 7 April 2016.
This was the background against which Tan CB and Koh KM filed the CA Stay
Applications on 21 March 2016 (see [186] above).

193 I heard the CA Stay Applications on 5 April 2016. The key issues in the CA
Stay Applications were as follows:

(a) whether this court had the jurisdiction to stay the bankruptcy
applications pending the outcome of CA 168 (“the Jurisdiction Issue”); and

(b) assuming issue (a) above is answered in the positive, whether the court
should exercise its discretion to stay the bankruptcy applications pending the
outcome of CA 168 (“the Merits Issue”).

194 In relation to the Jurisdiction Issue, Mr Poon referred me to O 57 r 15(1)
of the ROC, which provides as follows:

Stay of execution, etc. (O. 57, r. 15)

15.—(1) Except so far as the Court below or the Court of Appeal may otherwise
direct —

(a) an appeal shall not operate as a stay of execution or of proceedings under
the decision of the Court below; and

(b) no intermediate act or proceeding shall be invalidated by an appeal.

(2) On an appeal from the High Court, interest for such time as execution has
been delayed by the appeal shall be allowed unless the Court otherwise orders.

Mr Poon suggested that O 57 r 15(1) of the ROC provides that an application
for stay of execution can be made either to the court below or the Court of
Appeal. However, Mr Poon also acknowledged that the application would
generally have to have been first made to the court below by reason of O 57 r
16(4) of the ROC, which provides as follows:

Whenever under these Rules an application may be made either to the Court
below or to the Court of Appeal, it shall not be made in the first instance to
the Court of Appeal, except where there are special circumstances which make
it impossible or impracticable to apply to the Court below.

195 Mr Poon argued, in my view correctly, that the applications relating to
the Stay Dismissals that had been heard and dismissed in the court below were
in substance similar to the CA Stay Applications. Therefore, the requirement
in O 57 r 16(4) has been satisfied and this court could therefore hear the CA
Stay Applications.

196 Mr Tan, on the other hand, argued that the court’s jurisdiction to stay a
bankruptcy application is provided for in s 64(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the BA”), which reads as follows:

Power of court to stay or dismiss proceedings on bankruptcy application

64.—(1) The court may at any time, for sufficient reason, make an order
staying the proceedings on a bankruptcy application, either altogether or for
a limited time, on such terms and conditions as the court may think just.

197 Mr Tan submitted that the word “court” in s 64(1), read with s 2 of the
BA, refers to the High Court, and that the Court of Appeal would only have
jurisdiction by way of an appeal from the decision of the High Court pursuant
to s 8(1) of the BA. The thrust of Mr Tan’s argument was that while this court
might have the jurisdiction and power to grant a general stay of execution, it
did not have the same general jurisdiction in relation to bankruptcy
applications, where it could only exercise appellate jurisdiction. While s
64(1) of the BA deals with the “power to stay” as opposed to the “jurisdiction
to stay”, this in itself did not completely undermine Mr Tan’s argument
because s 3 of the BA states that the High Court shall, subject to any other
written law, “be the court having jurisdiction in bankruptcy under [the BA]”.

198 As I pointed out to Mr Tan in the course of oral arguments, a general stay
of execution in respect of all related proceedings that this court may grant
would, in any case, bring within its fold the bankruptcy applications. To put
it another way, if I were to grant a general stay of execution, perhaps
subject to certain terms, it would not have been possible for Mr Tan, on
behalf of his clients, to proceed with the bankruptcy application. On
considering this, Mr Tan accepted that this court would have the jurisdiction
to hear the CA Stay Applications. I was satisfied that I had the jurisdiction
to grant the CA Stay Applications for the following reasons:

(a) if this court were to grant a general stay pending the release of its
decision in CA 168 and CA 171, the effect of the general stay, among other
things, would be to stay the bankruptcy applications;

(b) since an application had been made to the High Court for a stay of
execution of the Interim Payment Order, and again after the statutory demands
had been served, and since the applications had been rejected by the High
Court (see the Stay Dismissals at [191] above), there was concurrent
jurisdiction in the Court of Appeal to consider and grant the stay if it
deemed this appropriate pursuant to O 57 r 15(1) of the ROC; and

(c) in those circumstances, this court's jurisdiction to stay the bankruptcy
applications as part of its general jurisdiction to stay execution pending the
appeals existed alongside the specific jurisdiction of the High Court to stay
the bankruptcy proceedings.

199 In relation to the Merits Issue, Mr Choh informed the court that Tan CB
was willing to pay the amount in the Interim Payment Order (including
interest) (“the Debt Amount”) into court. Mr Tan informed the court that he
was amenable to the CA Stay Applications being granted if the Debt Amount was
paid to his firm to be held on his undertaking pending the outcome of the
appeals. Mr Choh was agreeable to this position. After hearing the parties, I
exercised my discretion to grant the CA Stay Applications subject to certain
conditions, which are set out at [200] below. I took into account the
following factors in the exercise of my discretion:

(a) Tan CB had offered to make a payment into court or to Mr Tan’s firm to
secure in full the Debt Amount.

(b) This court had heard the appeals and its judgment would be released in due
course.

(c) The least prospect for any possible injustice was secured by a stay in the
circumstances and on the basis of payment being made into court or to Mr Tan’s
firm by Tan CB. The Respondents stood to get their money absolutely, almost
immediately and without a risk of non-recovery if they succeeded in the
appeals. On the other hand, Tan CB and Koh KM would get their money back, also
almost immediately if they succeeded in the appeals.

200 As a condition of the grant of the CA Stay Applications, I ordered that
the Debt Amount be paid with interest by Tan CB and Koh KM to Mr Tan’s firm,
Morgan Lewis Stamford LLC, by 4pm on 6 April 2016. The payment was to be made
upon Mr Tan’s undertaking that the Debt Amount would not be disbursed to the
Respondents until further order by this court in the appeals.

Sundaresh Menon Chao Hick Tin Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Kelvin Poon, Avinash Pradhan and Alyssa Leong (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for
the 1st to 4th appellants in Civil Appeal No 168 of 2015;  
Irving Choh and Melissa Kor (Optimus Chambers LLC) for the 5th appellant in
Civil Appeal No 168 of 2015 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 171 of 2015;  
Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, Yeoh Jean Wern, Lim Siok Khoon and Joel Goh (Morgan
Lewis Stamford LLC) for the respondents.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

