Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 63

Civil Appeal No 40 of 2017 and Summons No 125 of 2017

Between

BMI  
---  
  
… Applicant / Appellant

And

BMJ  
---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Divorce Petition No 2735 of 1995

Between

BMI  
---  
  
… Petitioner

And

BMJ  
---  
  
… Respondent

oral Judgment

[Family Law] – [Consent Orders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
BMI

  
v

  

BMJ and another matter

[2017] SGCA 63

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeal No 40 of 2017 and Summons No 125 of 2017  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, Judith Prakash JA and Steven Chong JA  
8 November 2017

9 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the oral judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the dismissal of the Wife’s application to set
aside a matrimonial consent order (“the Consent Order”) entered into more than
17 years ago, in 2000, on the basis of fraudulent and material non-disclosure
by the Husband. The Consent Order has been fully implemented and the Wife has
received about $13m thereunder in settlement of her claims on the division of
matrimonial assets. Nevertheless, the Wife now seeks to set aside the Consent
Order on the basis that the Husband fraudulently failed to disclose his
interests in various businesses when the Consent Order was made.

2 After considering the parties’ arguments and the evidence before us, we find
that the appeal ought to be dismissed.

Wife’s amendment application in Summons No 125 of 2017

3 Before proceeding to detail the reasons for the dismissal of the appeal, we
note that we dismissed the Wife’s belated application, vide Summons No 125 of
2017, to amend her original summons to, among other things, include innocent
and negligent non-disclosure as alternative grounds for the setting aside of
the Consent Order (in addition to fraudulent non-disclosure). This amendment
application was not only made at the eleventh hour, but was an attempt to put
forward a case which was evidently not the case that the Wife had run before
the court below (as was clear, among other things, from the judgment presently
under appeal and, indeed, from the very nature of the application itself).
Therefore, even though the Wife claimed that she was not relying on any new
evidence, we took the view that allowing the application would have resulted
in material prejudice to the Husband, who was not given the opportunity to
address these alternative grounds at first instance. In any event, and as we
will elaborate upon in a moment, the Wife did not adduce any evidence to
persuade us that any alleged non-disclosure, fraudulent or otherwise, would
have been material. Furthermore, and crucially, the Consent Order has in fact
been fully implemented. As this Court made clear in AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 924
(“AYM”), the court has no power to vary a matrimonial order that has been
fully implemented, except in the limited case of fraud. Hence, we did not see
how any non-disclosure by the Husband that was not fraudulent would have
furnished a basis for us to set aside the Consent Order.

4 We now return to our reasons for dismissing the substantive appeal.

Fraud as a limited exception to the principles laid down in AYM v AYL and
lapse of time

5 First, we agree with the High Court Judge that the fact that the Consent
Order has been fully implemented and the subsequent lapse of time are not
factors which would, by themselves, prevent the court from intervening on the
basis of s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) if there was
cogent evidence of fraudulent and material non-disclosure by the Husband. We
have already alluded to our ruling in the case of AYM at [30] that fraud is a
limited exception to the general principle that the court has no power under s
112(4) to vary a matrimonial order that has been fully implemented. However,
in this regard, we should once again emphasise that the threshold for
establishing fraud is a high one which will not be met unless there is cogent
and compelling evidence. It is a threshold which is, ex hypothesi, not easy to
satisfy.

6 In addition, we agree with the ruling of the High Court in Teh Siew Hua v
Tan Kim Chong [2010] 4 SLR 123, which the Judge relied on, that the express
words of s 112(4) preclude the application of the time-bars under the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) as well as the equitable defences of
acquiescence or laches. This is, of course, subject to the principle which we
laid down in the case of AYM that the court does not have the power to revisit
or reopen an order of court with respect to the division of matrimonial assets
that has been completely implemented, except in the limited case of fraud (at
[22]).

Relevance of the the fact that the Wife’s allegations of non-disclosure had
been ventilated and taken into account when the parties entered into the
Consent Order

7 Second, also in agreement with the Judge below, we reject the argument that
the Wife should not be allowed to rely on fraudulent non-disclosure as a basis
for setting aside the Consent Order because she had compromised these
allegations by entering into the Consent Order. It is true, as the Judge noted
at [21] of her Grounds of Decision (“GD”), that in the setting of a
contractual consent order, a party cannot compromise a claim for non-
disclosure and then later revive the underlying claim which has been
compromised (see Sir David Foskett, Foskett on Compromise (Sweet & Maxwell,
8th Ed, 2015) at para 6-01). However, it is well-established that matrimonial
matters are different from ordinary civil cases in that the binding effect of
a settlement embodied in a consent order stems from the court order itself and
not from the prior agreement of the parties (AYM at [15]). Hence, if there was
fraudulent non-disclosure that was material, such that proper disclosure would
have led the court to making a substantially different order, then the fact
that the parties and the court had considered the allegations of non-
disclosure would not, by itself, preclude the court from setting aside the
earlier order that was made on the basis of fraud.

8 On this point, we also refer to the recent decision of the UK Supreme Court
in Sharland v Sharland [2016] AC 871, where it was observed that, in a
situation where there is fraudulent non-disclosure by one of the parties to a
matrimonial dispute, “the court is in no position to protect the victim from
the deception, or to conduct its statutory duties properly, because the court
too has been deceived” (at [32]). In the related case of Gohil v Gohil (No 2)
[2016] AC 849, the same court similarly held that the duty of a spouse to make
full and frank disclosure of his or her resources is owed to the court and
that it is the court which is disabled from discharging its duty of oversight
so “any order, by consent or otherwise, which it makes in such circumstances
is to that extent flawed” (at [22]). These observations by the UK Supreme
Court, which the Judge below relied on, are generally in line with the ruling
of this Court in AOO v AON [2011] 4 SLR 1169 inasmuch as the court, whilst
respecting the agreement entered into by the parties, cannot be expected to be
a “mere rubber stamp”. However, it is unnecessary, in our view, to deal
definitively with the precise ramifications of both these cases in relation to
the Singapore legal landscape because, as we shall elaborate upon in a moment,
this appeal must necessarily fail on its facts.

9 Returning to the present appeal, we are of the view that the fact that the
Wife’s allegation of non-disclosure had been ventilated and taken into account
when the parties entered into the Consent Order is still an important and
relevant factor. This is because, as a general principle, where the issue of
non-disclosure was ventilated and expressly considered in reaching a
matrimonial settlement, then the courts should be slow to reopen the
settlement on the very same basis unless there is clear evidence that the non-
disclosure was fraudulent and that the parties would have entered into, and
the court would have made, a substantially different order if proper
disclosure had been made. This general principle is in line with the interests
of finality which is an important consideration in the context of matrimonial
disputes and one of the raisons d’être of s 112 itself, as we noted in the
case of AYM (at [22]).

Insufficient evidential basis for a finding of fraudulent and material non-
disclosure by the Husband

10 This brings us to the primary factual reason for dismissing the appeal. The
Judge, in our assessment, was entirely justified in finding that the Wife’s
allegations of fraudulent and material non-disclosure lack sufficient
evidential basis, and are without merit. As carefully detailed by the Judge in
her GD, the allegations are largely speculative, and based on tangential
observations made in previous court judgments, admissions by third parties in
those previous proceedings, newspaper reports and magazine interviews.
Therefore, the evidence before the court falls far short of the high threshold
for a finding of fraud to be made.

11 Furthermore, we agree with the Judge that, even if the Husband had
deliberately misrepresented his total assets, the possibility of non-
disclosure was a factor which both the Wife and the court were cognisant of at
the time the Consent Order was made. Put simply, the non-disclosure by the
Husband, if any, was not material. The assumption that there was some measure
of non-disclosure of assets by the Husband was the reason why the Wife
received such a high amount under the Consent Order, even though their
marriage was a short one that had only lasted about five years before the
commencement of divorce proceedings. The Wife was also unable to substantiate
her claim that any non-disclosure would have been material by reference to any
valuation of the relevant assets. Hence, the Wife has failed to show that the
court would have come to a different decision or that another reasonable
person in her position, at the time of the Consent Order, would have come to a
different settlement even if her allegations as to the Husband’s interests in
the various businesses were proved to be true. Indeed, as we earlier noted,
this analysis will extend to the majority of cases where the possibility of
non-disclosure was taken into account as part of the settlement, and one of
the parties subsequently tries to reopen the settlement on the basis of new
evidence that there was, in fact, such non-disclosure. Such evidence would
generally not be material because, ex hypothesi, the possibility of non-
disclosure would already have been factored in at the time the settlement was
reached.

12 Accordingly, we dismiss this appeal. In so doing, we reiterate our
observations in the case of AYM at [30] that parties cannot reopen settlements
at will, or continue to make claims indefinitely for benefits received by the
other party after the division of matrimonial assets has been completed. There
is a need for finality, unless fraud is clearly established.

Costs and consequential orders

13 We will hear the parties on costs.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Eugene Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Chooi Jing Yen (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP
for the appellant;  
Davinder Singh SC, Randolph Khoo, Veronica Joseph and Tricia Ho (Drew & Napier
LLC) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

