Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the court of Appeal of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGCA 6

Civil Appeal No 26 of 2016

Between

| ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| TING CHOON MENG  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

In the matter of Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 1 of 2015

Between

| TING CHOON MENG  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

| ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

Civil Appeal No 27 of 2016

Between

| ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---|---  
  
… Appellant

And

(1)| LEE KWAI HOU HOWARD  
---|---  
(2)| XU YUAN CHEN  
(3)| LOH HONG PUEY ANDREW  
(4)| CHOO ZHENG XI  
(5)| LEE SONG KWANG  
  
… Respondents

In the matter of Community Justice and Tribunals Appeal No 2 of 2015

Between

(1)| LEE KWAI HOU HOWARD  
---|---  
(2)| XU YUAN CHEN  
(3)| LOH HONG PUEY ANDREW  
(4)| CHOO ZHENG XI  
(5)| LEE SONG KWANG  
  
… Appellants

And

| ATTORNEY-GENERAL  
---|---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Tort] — [Harassment] — [Protection from Harassment Act] — [false statements
of fact]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [construction of statute] — [purposive approach]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Interpretation Act] — [purposive approach]

[Statutory Interpretation] — [Interpretation Act] — [extraneous aids]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Attorney-General

  
v

  

Ting Choon Meng and another appeal

[2017] SGCA 6

Court of Appeal — Civil Appeals Nos 26 and 27 of 2016  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Chao Hick Tin JA and Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
4 October 2016

16 January 2017 Judgment reserved.

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the majority consisting
of Chao Hick Tin JA and himself):

Introduction

1 The present appeals concern a narrow question of law – how s 15 of the
Protection from Harassment Act (Cap 256A, 2015 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) is to be
construed. Specifically, they concern the issues of whether the Government may
invoke s 15 of the Act (“s 15”) to obtain an order for a person to be
prevented from or to cease publication of a false statement of fact and, if
so, when it would be “just and equitable” to do so. In Ting Choon Meng v
Attorney-General and another appeal [2016] 1 SLR 1248 (“the Judgment”), the
learned High Court Judge (“the Judge”) held that the Government cannot invoke
s 15 and that, in any event, it would not have been “just and equitable” to
grant the orders sought in the circumstances of the case.

Background

2 The respondent in Civil Appeal No 26 of 2016 (“Dr Ting”), is a director of
MobileStats Technologies Pte Ltd (“MobileStats”). MobileStats was the owner of
Singapore Patent No 113446 (“the Patent”), which was registered sometime in
2005. The respondents in Civil Appeal No 27 of 2016 (“CA 27/2016”) are
affiliated with “The Online Citizen”, a website that states that it aims to be
the “leading online source for social-political news and views in Singapore”.

3 On 29 July 2011, lawyers for MobileStats wrote to the Ministry of Defence
(“MINDEF”), alleging that military medical vehicles known as “Battalion
Casualty Stations” that MINDEF had purchased from Syntech Engineers Pte Ltd
(“Syntech”) infringed the Patent. Notwithstanding MINDEF’s invitation that
MobileStats direct its complaints towards Syntech, MobileStats proceeded with
Suit No 619 of 2011 (“S 619/2011”) against MINDEF for patent infringement.
MINDEF’s defence was conducted by Syntech, who instituted a counterclaim for
the revocation of the Patent on the ground of invalidity. As it turned out, S
619/2011 was discontinued mid-way through the trial due to the financial
position of MobileStats, and judgment was entered on the counterclaim on 15
January 2014.

4 On 30 December 2014, Dr Ting gave an interview to the first respondent in CA
27/2016. The video of the interview and an accompanying article were uploaded
on The Online Citizen on 15 January 2015. In the video, Dr Ting made a number
of allegations against MINDEF, including the following: (a) that it had
intended from the start to infringe the Patent and had been waiting in a
“premeditated” way to revoke the Patent; and (b) that it had been conducting a
“war of attrition” in S 619/2011 to deplete MobileStats’ financial resources
(collectively, “the Allegations”). MINDEF responded by way of a statement
posted on its Facebook page refuting the Allegations, which it said were
“false and baseless”. This last-mentioned statement was reproduced in full in
a subsequent article published on The Online Citizen, and a link to the same
was provided on the webpage hosting the original article and the video.

5 On 11 February 2015, the appellant, representing MINDEF, applied in the
State Courts for an order under s 15(2) of the Act (“s 15 order”) by way of an
originating summons. The prayers, as amended, sought a declaration that the
Allegations were false and that they not be published without the following
notification:

Statements herein which state and/or suggest to the reader that:

(i) MINDEF had knowingly infringed [the Patent], with the intent to
subsequently apply to revoke [the Patent] upon [Dr Ting’s] legal challenge;
and

(ii) MINDEF waged a ‘war of attrition’ against MobileStats, by deliberately
delaying the court proceedings in Suit 619 of 2011 and asking for more trial
dates than necessary, thereby increasing legal costs,

have since been declared by the Singapore Courts to be false. For the truth of
the matter, please refer to MINDEF’s statement [as posted on its Facebook
page].

The decisions in the courts below

6 The District Judge granted the orders in terms, holding that ss 3 and 36 of
the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the GPA”) provided the
Government the “legal right to make an application” under s 15: see Attorney-
General v Lee Kwai Hou Howard and others [2015] SGDC 114 at [35]. He found the
Allegations to be false and that it was just and equitable to grant the orders
for two reasons: (a) that the Allegations would “severely undermine public
confidence in the Government and in the public institutions” if left
unchecked, and (b) that they constituted a collateral attack on the judgment
rendered in S 619/2011 (at [84]–[85]).

7 The Judge allowed the appeals against the District Judge’s decision, finding
that the question of whether the Government has the right to invoke s 15 is
anterior to the application of ss 3 and 36 of the GPA, which merely ensure any
such right is not prejudiced (see the Judgment at [25]). He accepted that s 15
stands apart from the rest of the Act in so far as it encompasses statements
not constituting harassment, but that it is nonetheless confined to false
statements that are “capable of affecting their intended subject[s]
emotionally or psychologically” (see the Judgment at [41]). Accordingly, only
natural persons may apply for a s 15 order.

8 Having allowed the appeals on this threshold question, the Judge
nevertheless proceeded to express the view that it would not, in any event,
have been just and equitable to grant a s 15 order. He held that only the
second of the Allegations was false, and that although that particular
statement did have the potential to bring MINDEF into disrepute, MINDEF’s
interests were not substantially compromised due to the triviality of the
complaint and the ability of MINDEF to put forward its side of the story
through the media. He also took into account the fact that The Online Citizen
had taken significant steps to present MINDEF’s side of the story that
suggested that the veracity of the Allegations was in doubt (see the Judgment
at [56] and [57]).

The respective parties’ arguments in the appeals

9 The appellant submits that ss 3 and 36 of the GPA give rise to a presumption
that the Government is entitled to apply for a s 15 order, and that there was
no clear Parliamentary intent to exclude the Government from the protection of
the Act. It emphasises that the objective underlying s 15 is to deal with
false statements of fact and not merely harassment, and that this objective is
perfectly consistent with an interpretation which extends the right to invoke
s 15 to the Government and corporate entities. As to the order that should
have been granted had the Government been able to avail itself of s 15, the
appellant argues that the seriousness of the allegation that it had waged a
“war of attrition”, the complexity of the factual matrix, and the
confidentiality of certain documents makes it necessary for a s 15 order to be
made to correct the alleged falsehood. However, it does not appeal against the
Judge’s decision that the first of the Allegations was not false.

10 The respondents do not contest the submission that the accusation that
MINDEF had waged a “war of attrition” is a false statement of fact. They
largely rely on the reasons given by the Judge and the speeches given during
the parliamentary debates. Additionally, Dr Ting submits that to read “person”
in s 15 in a manner to include the Government would infringe upon his right to
free speech under Art 14 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”). In a slightly different
vein, the respondents in CA 27/2016 submit that because to construe “person”
in s 15 in the aforementioned manner would impose a significant burden on an
individual’s right to free speech, the appellant must adduce “cogent and
unusually convincing evidence to rebut the presumption that Parliament did not
… intend to impose [such] a significant burden”.

Our decision

Issue 1 – whether the Government is a “person” under s 15

The issue stated

11 This particular issue is of the first – as well as threshold – importance
in so far as the present appeal is concerned. At risk of belying the many
difficulties of statutory interpretation that were evident from both the
written submissions as well as oral arguments before this court, the issue
that arises from s 15 can be stated simply as follows: does this provision
apply only to human beings or does it also apply to other entities (such as
corporations and (as was argued by the appellant in the present case) the
Government)? Before proceeding to examine the issue at length, we should state
that, like the Judge, we do not accept the arguments made by the appellant
that centred on ss 3 and 36 of the GPA. The provisions read as follows:

Right of Government to sue

3. Subject to the provisions of this Act and of any written law, where the Government has a claim against any person which would, if such claim had arisen between private persons, afford ground for civil proceedings, the claim may be enforced by proceedings taken by or on behalf of the Government for that purpose in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

Application to Government of certain statutory provisions

36. This Act shall not prejudice the right of the Government to take advantage of the provisions of any written law although not named therein; and in any civil proceedings against the Government the provisions of any written law which could, if the proceedings were between private persons, be relied upon by the defendant as a defence to the proceedings, whether in whole or in part, or otherwise, may, subject to any express provision to the contrary, be so relied upon by the Government.

12 The appellant refers us to the decision of the majority in Government of
the State of Sarawak & Anor v Chong Chieng Jen [2016] 3 MLJ 41 (“Chong Chieng
Jen”), which involved a defamation suit commenced by the State Government of
Sarawak and the state’s financial authority against an individual. The
majority of the Malaysian Court of Appeal held (at [23]) that s 3 of the
Malaysian Government Proceedings Act 1956 (Act 359) (Revised 1988), which is
in pari materia with s 3 of the GPA, gives the government “the same right as a
private individual to enforce a claim … by way of civil action” [emphasis
added]. The majority of the court were persuaded by the absence of any
equivalent provision in Crown Proceedings Act 1947 (c 44) (UK) (“the CPA”),
which was referred to during the Second Reading of the Malaysian Government
Proceedings Bill 1956. However, that, with respect, does not necessarily lead
to the conclusion that s 3 of the GPA was enacted to confer upon the
Government the right to invoke any statutory provision. Rather, the provision
is merely “a general piece of legislation to cloth [sic] the government the
legal status to sue”: see Chong Chieng Jen at [109].

13 In so far as s 36 of the GPA is concerned, we do not find the English Court
of Appeal decision of Town Investments Ltd v Department of the Environment
[1976] 1 WLR 1126 to be of much assistance. An issue that arose in the case
was whether the Crown could take advantage of counter-inflation legislation to
limit the rent that could be charged for sub-leases that it had purportedly
entered into. Lawton LJ found that it could by way of s 31(1) of the CPA
(which is in pari materia with s 36 of the GPA), consistent with the
centuries-old belief that “the Crown can take the benefit of any statute
although not specifically named in it” (at 1142). However, s 36 of the GPA
does not specify if “to take advantage” of a provision extends to possessing a
right under any statutory cause of action unless otherwise specified, and it
is noteworthy that it only contemplates civil proceedings against the
Government.

14 We therefore agree wholly with the Judge’s holding at [25] of the Judgment
that ss 3 and 36 of the GPA provide only that the Government may enforce its
rights by commencing legal action; these provisions say nothing as to whether
the rights in question exist in the first place. This anterior question must
be answered within the context of the Act itself.

On text and context

15 At this juncture (and in fairness to the appellant), it would appear to be
the case that, read alone, s 15 would appear to be broad enough to encompass
entities such as the Government. Section 15 reads as follows:

False statements of fact

15.—(1) Where any statement of fact about any person (referred to in this
section as the subject) which is false in any particular about the subject has
been published by any means, the subject may apply to the District Court for
an order under subsection (2) in respect of the statement complained of.

(2) Subject to s 21(1), the District Court may, upon the application of the
subject under subsection (1), order that no person shall publish or continue
to publish the statement complained of unless that person publishes such
notification as the District Court thinks necessary to bring attention to the
falsehood and the true facts.

(3) The District Court shall not make an order under subsection (2) unless the
District Court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities that —

(a) the statement of fact complained of is false in any particular about the
subject; and

(b) it is just and equitable to do so.

(4) An order under subsection (2) may be made subject to such exceptions or
conditions as may be specified in the order.

(5) An order under subsection (2) shall take effect in respect of the person
to whom such order applies —

(a) from the date when such order is served on him in such manner as may be
prescribed;

(b) where the District Court dispenses with the service of such order, from
the date when the service on him of such order is dispensed with by the
District Court; or

(c) such later date as the District Court may specify.

(6) The District Court may, on the application of the subject, the author, or
any person to whom the order applies, vary, suspend or cancel the order.

(7) In this section, “author” means the originator of the statement complained
of.

16 Support for this particular interpretation includes the reference to “the
subject” of the alleged false statement(s) – as opposed to the reference to a
“victim” pursuant to ss 3 to 7 of the Act. There is also some (apparent)
support in the language of the long title to the Act itself, which reads as
follows:

An Act to protect persons against harassment and unlawful stalking and to
create offences, and provide civil remedies related thereto or in relation to
false statements of fact.

17 However, the approach just described looks only at the text. It is, in our
view, also as (if not more) important to look at the context in which s 15 was
promulgated. This is particularly important for at least three reasons:

(a) First, s 15 appears to be a uniquely Singaporean legal innovation inasmuch
as it does not appear to have any legal counterpart in other jurisdictions.

(b) Second, s 15 appears to be the only provision in the entire Act that could
potentially apply to entities other than human beings.

(c) Third, merely looking at the text of s 15 shorn of (and in isolation from)
its context will result in a distortion of what, in our view, was the actual
Parliamentary intention behind the promulgation of this particular provision.

18 In so far as the third of these reasons (above at [17(c)]) is concerned, it
is trite to state that one has to ascertain what the Parliamentary intention
underlying s 15 was at the time when it was promulgated. This (in turn)
entails an analysis of not only the actual language of s 15 itself but also
all relevant materials surrounding the actual promulgation of s 15 (including
the relevant parliamentary debates). The legislative intent to be discerned is
that at or around the time the law is passed: see the High Court decision of
BFC v Comptroller of Income Tax [2013] 4 SLR 741 at [46]. It is also well-
established that s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the
IA”) mandates that the purposive approach be preferred over all other
statutory interpretation approaches, and there is no requirement that a
provision be ambiguous or inconsistent before a purposive approach can be
taken: see the Singapore High Court decision of Public Prosecutor v Low Kok
Heng [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (“Low Kok Heng”) at [41] and [43]. In this particular
regard, it is clear that both the text and context of s 15 are of the first
importance. Put simply, what appears to be a broad purpose that results from a
reading of only the text of s 15 disappears and gives way to the actual
Parliamentary intention once regard is also had to the context in which that
provision was promulgated. It is this integration of text and context that is
of the first importance in interpreting s 15 – and which is also the approach
the Judge adopted in the court below (see the Judgment at [32]).

19 With these important preliminary observations in mind, we now turn to the
interpretation of s 15 proper.

Section 15 and the interaction of text and context

20 We refer first to the observations by the Minister of Law, Mr K Shanmugam
(“the Minister”) that are directly related to s 15 itself. At this juncture,
we pause to note that, whilst s 9A of the IA is salutary in permitting the
Singapore courts to look at the relevant Parliamentary material, wisdom must
be exercised when referring to such material. It is, in our view, a useful
rule of thumb to pay special attention not only to the Minister who actually
moves the Bill concerned in Parliament but also (and in particular) to that
part of his speech which relates directly to the clause(s) that are sought to
be interpreted. Returning to the present appeal, it is useful – in light of
the ambiguity in the term “person” in s 15 – to set out the Minister’s
observations during the Second Reading of the Protection from Harassment Bill
(No 12 of 2014) (“the Bill”) in full, as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91 (Mr K Shanmugam, Minister for
Law)):

Let me now turn to Part III of the Bill which deals with the self-help and
civil remedies. Again, there are five aspects that I would highlight.

…

Second, clause 11 will create a statutory right to bring an action for damages
against a person who has contravened any of clauses 3, 4, 5, or 7. So quite
apart from criminal sanctions, the victim can sue and claim damages against
the perpetrator. Damages are, however, not recoverable where clause 6 is
contravened as the harm results to the victim in his capacity as a public
servant or public service worker. However, damages will still be recoverable
if the same acts also contravene clauses 3, 4, 5 or 7. Such damages will be
quantified by the courts in accordance with existing common law principles. We
do not really need to go into that and try to codify what is long-established
law.

Third, victims of harassment and related anti-social behaviour under clauses 3
to 7 may apply to the Court for a Protection Order (“PO”) under clause 12. So
to explain to Members, this is the kind of architecture that the new law
envisages. Earlier, I have said that clauses 3 to 6 exist under current law;
and that clause 7 (stalking) is new, but the remedies that the victim can get
were very limited. Now, we are looking at Protection Orders and Expedited
Protection Orders. The purpose of the Protection Order is to protect victims
from further harassment. In this context, we also took reference from the 2001
Singapore Academy of Law Reform Committee’s Report on Stalking.

…

[a] Fourth, in striking the balance between legislation, criminalising the
conduct and self-help, getting recourse through criminal law or claim for
damages through a civil claim, we should not make those the only avenues; that
is, it should not be the case that every time a person is harassed, or
experiences a wide range of conduct that amounts to harassment, the victim is
forced to always either go and file a criminal complaint or bring a civil
claim. There are many victims who will feel that as long as there is some
redress, without having to claim damages, they would be satisfied because
their feelings of alarm or distress would be settled or as long as the truth
is set out.

[b] We should really give the people the ability to help themselves and try
and sort out matters themselves wherever possible. Take attacks against
someone involving lies, untruths, inaccuracies – 75% of those polled by REACH
were of the view that such conduct should, ipso facto, be treated as
harassment. Our view really is that we should not criminalise all such
conduct, and that we really should keep to the definition of harassment, which
already exists in the law, and simply give greater remedies. So to be
criminal, the conduct must fall under the categories listed in clauses 3 to 7.
We have not changed the law, only updated it, as I have explained.

[c] Instead, if there are falsehoods, and let us say it is harassment, or it
is borderline harassment; or maybe nearly harassment; or not harassment but it
is a clear falsehood, then the victim has the right to ask the relevant
parties that the falsehoods be corrected, maybe through publication of
replies, which may set out the correct facts. Some victims of harassment may
well choose that route instead of having to make a criminal complaint, as I
said earlier, or launch a civil claim and claim damages. They just want the
truth to be out and they do not want to escalate the matter further, and we
should allow that. So it is a lower tier of remedy rather than having to go to
the criminal and civil law all the time and make claims.

[d] Of course, if the offending party or websites refuse to carry the
clarification or the response, or the correction, or a notification that the
true facts can be found somewhere else, or the victim’s reply is not able to
get the same level of visibility as the falsehood, the law should provide some
recourse.

[e] Going back to public opinion, 82% of those polled by REACH felt that
people should have a legal right to require that factual inaccuracies about
themselves be corrected. This is the thinking behind clause 15. But there will
be no claim for damages and there will be no criminal sanctions. If you choose
not to file a criminal complaint, if you choose not to make a civil claim, if
you choose to, say, look, I just want to clarify or correct it in some form,
and the manner of correction is left to the court, then that is all that you
will get. You do not get money, you do not get to send the other person to
jail …

[f] … As I was saying, there are no damages, no filing of criminal complaint –
a simple process, self-help, which can be applied to a range of situations,
but you must prove or show that there was a false statement of fact. Clause 15
therefore allows the subject of the falsehood to apply for a court order that
will give the court the discretion to make an order for the publication of a
notification that draws attention to the falsehood and the publication of the
correct facts. This will allow readers to assess the truth. It is really for
the court to decide when it will be just and equitable for the court order to
be made and in what form that order should be made.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and underlined bold italics;
paragraph numbers in square brackets added]

21 In our view, the following observations can be made with respect to the
Minister’s speech quoted above.

22 It is clear that the Minister’s focus was solely on human beings (as
opposed to other entities) – as evidenced by the references (on no fewer than
five occasions in his speech) to “victims” as well as by the references
(again, on no fewer than five occasions in his speech) to “harassment”
(excluding the references to “borderline harassment” and “nearly harassment”).
Whilst this does not – at least literally – of itself rule out the fact that
other entities were definitely excluded from the scope of s 15 itself, it is
curious that there is no reference whatsoever to such other entities. More
importantly, the detailed speech by the Minister points, in our view, to a
more general and universal rationale that undergirds s 15 – that s 15 was
intended by Parliament to confer upon human beings (only) an additional
(albeit somewhat different) remedy that was unique to Singapore in general and
the Act in particular. In the Minister’s own words, this (additional) remedy
was unique and different inasmuch as it was in the nature of a kind of “quasi”
self-help remedy. We use the term “quasi” because it is not a self-help remedy
in its purest form (for example, where an innocent party can elect to
discharge himself from a contract in the event of a serious breach that
justifies such an election without more) – an application must still be made
to the court. However, it does partake of the nature of self-help in so far as
an application pursuant to s 15 is a lower-tier remedy that is unique in at
least two ways (see also the Judgment at [32], [38], [40] and [58], which, in
fact, refer to the very same terminology (“lower tier remedy”) utilised by the
Minister himself in his speech (see above at [20])).

23 The first is that, notwithstanding the fact that the applicant might be a
victim pursuant to ss 3 to 7 of the Act and who could therefore avail himself
or herself of the other remedies set out in Pt III of the Act (which is
entitled “Remedies”), he or she might nevertheless choose not to escalate the
matter at hand and opt for the less drastic remedy under s 15 instead. Such an
applicant would – technically – be more appropriately termed a “victim”
instead of a “subject” (the latter of which is the terminology utilised in s
15) and whom we would term a “s 15 Applicant by Choice” (this is especially
evident throughout the paragraphs that we have labelled [a], [b], [c] and [e]
in the Minister’s speech quoted above at [20]). However, it is important, in
our view, to note that such a “victim” would nevertheless fall within the
category of a “subject” simply because the latter is the more general genus of
which the former is a species. But, it may be asked, why, then, did the
Singapore Parliament utilise the word “subject” in s 15? In particular, would
this not support the appellant’s contention in the present appeal to the
effect that a broader category of persons was intended to be encompassed
within s 15 as well? The short answer is that it does, but that says nothing
about whether the broader category of persons includes the Government. It is
important to note what the original Parliamentary intention was. To reiterate,
it was to confer upon human beings (only) an additional (albeit somewhat
different) remedy that was unique to Singapore in general and the Act in
particular. And this leads us to a second (and quite different) category of
human beings that s 15 was intended to encompass.

24 This second (and quite different) category of human beings comprises
applicants who would not necessarily be “victims” within the meaning of ss 3
to 7 of the Act. As the Minister himself pointed out in his speech in
Parliament (see above at [20]), an applicant may suffer from false statements
that, however, fall short of actually resulting in him or her being a “victim”
within the meaning of ss 3 to 7 of the Act. Such situations could include – in
the Minister’s own words – situations of “borderline harassment”, or where
there is “nearly harassment”, or where there is no harassment but a “clear
falsehood”. And it is – again, in the Minister’s own words – such situations
in relation to which the Singapore Parliament also sought to grant the
applicant a remedy to (see the paragraph labelled [c] in the Minister’s speech
quoted above at [20]). Whilst not, strictly speaking, an additional remedy to
that available to an applicant who is not a “victim” within the meaning of ss
3 to 7 of the Act, it is – in a manner of speaking – an “additional” remedy
inasmuch as the applicant concerned would otherwise have no remedy at all (and
whom, in contrast to a “s 15 Applicant by Choice”, we would term a “s 15
Applicant Without Choice”). Looked at in this light it is – as in the category
briefly considered in the preceding paragraph – a category of applicants who
are, likewise, afforded an additional (albeit somewhat different) remedy that
is unique to Singapore in general and the Act in particular.

25 At this juncture, it is of the first importance to note that it is
precisely because the last-mentioned (second) category of applicants are not
“victims” within the meaning of ss 3 to 7 of the Act that s 15 could not,
first, refer to ss 3 to 7 of the Act (lest one of the raisons d’être of the
provision itself be defeated, viz, to encompass this particular category of
applicants as well) and, second, could not utilise the terminology of “victim”
and had to utilise the terminology of “subject” instead (thus encompassing
this particular category of applicants as well). Indeed, as we have already
noted earlier (at [23]), the terminology of “subject” is broader than that of
“victim” and would, hence, include both victims (ie, “s 15 Applicants by
Choice”) as well as other applicants who (whilst not victims) had suffered
from false statements (ie, “s 15 Applicants Without Choice”).

26 We would also caution against a chain of reasoning that almost appears to
consider the respective provisions (ss 3 to 7 of the Act and s 15) as having
used the terms “victim” and “subject” in place of the term “person”. Section
15 merely states that a person applying for an order under the provision shall
be referred to as a “subject” and, similarly, ss 3 to 7 of the Act state,
respectively, that the person who is the target of the offending behaviour
shall be referred to as a “victim”. The simple reason for such persons to be
referred to by another term is that the provisions each refer to two different
“persons” – ss 3 to 7 of the Act involve both a perpetrator of harassment as
well as the target of the offending acts, whilst s 15 involves both a purveyor
of falsehood and the person about whom the falsehoods concern. Viewed in this
context, the seemingly broad language (including the word “subject) that is
used in s 15 takes on a much more limited meaning than that contended by the
appellant. Put simply, this explains why there is a difference in the language
utilised in ss 3 to 7 of the Act and s 15, both of which nevertheless apply
only to human beings.

27 The interpretation we have adopted is, in fact, also buttressed by the
Minister himself in the paragraph labelled [e] in the Minister’s speech
(quoted above at [20]), and which is reproduced again, as follows:

[e] Going back to public opinion, 82% of those polled by REACH felt that
people should have a legal right to require that factual inaccuracies about
themselves be corrected. This is the thinking behind clause 15. But there will
be no claim for damages and there will be no criminal sanctions. If you choose
not to file a criminal complaint, if you choose not to make a civil claim, if
you choose to, say, look, I just want to clarify or correct it in some form,
and the manner of correction is left to the court, then that is all that you
will get. You do not get money, you do not get to send the other person to
jail. And it is a very simple –

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and bold underlined italics]

28 These observations refer clearly to applicants who are human beings (in
particular, what we have termed a s 15 Applicant by Choice).

What about arguments in the appellant’s favour?

29 However, in fairness to the appellant, this is not an end to the matter.
Could it not be argued, on the appellant’s behalf, that there was nevertheless
an intention by the Singapore Parliament to also extend the benefit of s 15 to
entities other than human beings as well? In particular, counsel for the
appellant, Mr Hui Choon Kuen (“Mr Hui”), referred to the following observation
by the Minister during the Second Reading of the Bill in response to a
question from Mr Pritam Singh and which we have designated in bold italics (to
furnish the necessary context with regard to the analysis that follows) in the
quotation below (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13
March 2014) vol 91 (Mr K Shanmugam, Minister for Law)):

Mdm Speaker, I thank all the Members who spoke. There is overwhelming support
for the Bill outside this House and unanimous support for the Bill in this
House for all of its provisions. The questions raised by Members can be
grouped into several common themes, which I will now address.

Mr Zainal Sapari asked how we can differentiate between the expression of
one’s viewpoint online and the publication of anti-social comments online with
malicious intent. Mr Vikram Nair has also raised similar questions.

…

Mr Patrick Tay proposed that an FAQ with a compendium of illustrations showing
when offences are made out and when they are not made out. Mr Tay is concerned
with clarifying more precisely the ambit of harassment, but there are just far
too many situations to be exhaustively covered in an FAQ. Further, really
whether something is or is not an offence, will have to depend on the specific
circumstances surrounding the conduct or the communication at hand. And it is
not desirable for us today to fetter the discretion of the courts in these
matters.

Mr Pritam Singh queried if the term “person” in the Bill extends to corporate
entities. The term “person” is defined in the Interpretation Act, and where
this Bill references to “persons”, the Interpretation Act will apply.

Mr Patrick Tay raised a technical issue about extraterritorial effect. He said
that if a person harasses another while both were out of Singapore, whether
this would be caught by clause 17 of the Bill. Depending on the offence,
extraterritorial jurisdiction can be founded on the offending acts being
committed in Singapore, or the harassing effect being felt in Singapore, or
some other similar criteria. So acts of harassment which occur entirely
outside of Singapore, without any nexus whatsoever to Singapore, should not be
caught. And this is consistent with international law principles on
extraterritorial criminal jurisdiction.

Mr Zainal Sapari and Mr Patrick Tay spoke on the definition of public servants
and public service workers. The Bill does not seek to alter the meaning of
“public servant”. It follows the current and established definition of “public
servant” in the Penal Code. This definition has worked well for us.

The term “public service workers” is defined under clause 6 of the Bill to
mean persons who provide any service which is essential to the well-being of
the public or the proper functioning of Singapore. It is our intention to have
subsidiary legislation which will prescribe the classes of public service
workers who will be covered. This list will include public healthcare workers
and – as queried by Mr Tay – also public transport workers, amongst others.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

30 It is also pertinent, at this juncture, to quote Mr Pritam Singh’s question
(also designated in bold italics in order to furnish the necessary context
with regard to the analysis that follows) (see Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91 (Mr Pritam Singh):

It is evident that the application of sections 3 and 4 of the Bill that cover
intentionally causing harassment, alarm or distress; and harassment, alarm and
distress respectively, may not be so straightforward to apply in practice,
notwithstanding egregious conduct. For this reason, I hope prudence is the
guiding principle of the authorities in the exercise of its powers under this
Bill and I welcome the Minister’s remarks that the strong arm of the law will
be employed in egregious cases.

On definitions, I seek some clarification whether “persons”, as used in the
Bill, is to be broadly read to include corporate entities as under section 2
of the Interpretation Act or whether our courts will be left to determine this
point. I ask this as there is case law from the UK, which in applying the UK
Protection from Harassment Act, rules that on a proper construction of the
term “person”, the Act does not embrace a corporate entity.

I wanted to ask the Minister what were the thought processes of the Ministry
that led to a change in the maximum sentences under the MOA covering the new
sections 3, 4, 5 and 6, but I note from the Minister that this was partly in
response to the feedback from the Institute of Policy Studies (IPS) Conference
on Harassment and public opinion on this point.

But I do note that with regard to the relevant provisions under the MOA and
the sentences of the sections under this Bill, section 41 of the Criminal
Procedure Code already provides additional legislative muscle to address
violators of sections 3, 4, 5 and 6 of the Bill through the execution of a
bond proportionate to an accused person’s means, with or without sureties, for
a period not exceeding two years.

Mdm Speaker, the illustrations to a number of sections in the Bill cover the
acts of school children with section 4 and 7 featuring prominently. It is
evident that the Bill was drafted to also address the issue of bullying in
schools. Research by the Singapore Children’s Society in 2006 and 2007 on
school students revealed that bullying is not infrequent, with about one in
four secondary school students and one in five primary school pupils having
been bullied by their peers.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

31 It is significant, in our view, that the Minister’s reply was an isolated
(and, with respect, generic) observation that is sandwiched, so to speak,
between a couple of responses to other questions that were asked earlier
during the parliamentary debates. More importantly, it is apparent that the
observation by the Minister in reply to Mr Pritam Singh and which was
reproduced in bold italics at [29] does not (unlike the earlier observations
quoted in full above at [20]) refer to s 15 at all. This poses considerable
difficulty for the appellant, who does not dispute the Judge’s starting
premise that “there are other provisions of the Act in which it would not be
sensible to include the Government within the meaning of the word ‘person’”
(see the Judgment at [33]). Put simply, the Minister could not have meant that
every reference to a “person” must necessarily include “any company or
association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated”. Indeed, s 2 of
the IA itself does not assign the meanings defined therein where “there is
something in the subject or context inconsistent with such construction”. In
the circumstances, the Minister’s reply is, at best, neutral and therefore
does not advance the appellant’s case.

32 Neither does the Minister’s reference to statements that are “not
harassment but [are] clear falsehood[s]” advance the appellant’s case very
far. On the contrary, the fact that it was mentioned in the same breath as
acts that constitute “borderline harassment” and “nearly harassment” lends
credence to an interpretation leaning in favour of that advanced by the
respondents – that statements not amounting to harassment are cut from the
same cloth as those that are “borderline harassment” or “nearly harassment”.
If the Minister had intended for falsehoods of any nature to be the subject of
a s 15 order, as the appellant contends, there would have been no need for
these categories to have been expressly considered at all. All that he could
have said was that the categories of persons who can obtain a s 15 order are
simply: (a) “victims” under ss 3 to 7 of the Act who choose not to escalate
the matter; and (b) “subjects” of any falsehoods, entirely independent of the
context of harassment.

33 Finally (again, in fairness to the appellant), there is – as alluded to
earlier in our judgment – a reference by Mr Hui to the long title to the Act
(quoted above at [16]) which, because of its importance to the appellant’s
argument, we set out again, as follows:

An Act to protect persons against harassment and unlawful stalking and to
create offences, and provide civil remedies related thereto or in relation to
false statements of fact. [emphasis added in bold italics]

34 As a matter of general principle, it is important to bear in mind the
following observations by Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was) in the Singapore
High Court decision of Chief Assessor and another v Van Ommeren Terminal (S)
Pte Ltd [1993] 2 SLR(R) 354 at [21]−[22]:

21 Considerable reliance was placed by counsel for Van Ommeren on the long
title to the Act, “An Act to provide for the levy of a tax on immovable
properties and to regulate the collection thereof,” in particular the word
“immovable”. It seems to me clear that the value of the long title in
interpretation is limited: see Bennion on Statutory Interpretation (2nd Ed,
1992) at pp 484 and 486. The learned author gives the following description of
the origin and function of the long title (at p 497):

It owes its presence to the procedural rules governing Parliamentary Bills.
The interpreter of the Act therefore needs to realize that the long title is
drafted to comply with these procedural rules. It is not designed as an
interpreter’s guide to the contents of the Act. It is a parliamentary device,
whose purpose is in relation to the Bill and its parliamentary progress. Under
Parliamentary rules, a Bill of which notice of presentation has been given is
deemed to exist as a Bill even though it consists of nothing else but the long
title. Once the Bill has received royal assent, the long title is therefore
vestigial.

22 The author further noted (at p 499) that “because of their mainly
procedural character, mistakes are not infrequent in long titles”.

35 Apart from the fact that the long title of a statute is generally of
limited value in statutory interpretation, it seems to us that the long title
in the Act in the present case is, at best, neutral. Although it is true that
the literal language of the long title may support the appellant’s case, it is
equally true, however, that the phrase in it, “or in relation to false
statements of facts” is not inconsistent with the Parliamentary intention
(noted above) to furnish victims of harassment and unlawful stalking and
subjects of falsehoods that do not constitute harassment with the additional
and/or alternative remedy of a correction of the false statements of fact.

36 In summary, there is little – or no – evidence in favour of the appellant’s
submission as compared to the evidence in favour of the respondents’
submission. Indeed, interpreting s 15 in the manner set out above is, in our
view, consistent with the entire scheme and structure of the Act (which would
apply throughout only to the individual (and human) victims of harassment as
well as unlawful stalking. On the other hand, interpreting s 15 in the
contrary manner, as argued for by the appellant, would lead to the insertion
of a right on behalf of entities (other than human beings) that would sit
incongruously (and be out of sync) with the other provisions of the Act,
especially when the Act is viewed as an integrated as well as holistic whole.
As already emphasised, the fact that at no time was there any discussion with
regard to the rights of entities (other than human beings) pursuant to s 15 is
itself telling. We say this because the extension of such a general right (as
was argued for by the appellant) would necessarily entail a myriad of possible
scenarios (and, more importantly, the accompanying policy issues, if nothing
else, because there are so many possible organisations (both governmental and
non-governmental and large as well as small) as well as possible scenarios
(for example, as between organisations and individuals or as between
organisations themselves) that would have merited more discussion as well as
elaboration (which might even have led to the tweaking of s 15 or additional
provisions or even new legislation)). At this juncture, all that can be
confidently said with regard to s 15 is – as the Judge himself correctly
pointed out at [44] of the Judgment – that (given the myriad possibilities of
factual scenarios) one cannot rule out the fact that recourse to s 15 might be
possible even in situations where false statements are directed against
entities other than human beings. As the Judge illustrated saliently, “an
allegation ostensibly aimed at a corporate body might be, in substance, an
allegation against human beings who manage that corporate body” and, if so,
“it is open to those human beings to seek redress under s 15” (see ibid;
emphasis added).

Conclusion

37 For the reasons set out above, we would dismiss the appellant’s arguments
with regard to Issue 1. In the premises, as the appellant has not succeeded in
crossing the threshold requirement embodied in Issue 1, it is unnecessary for
us to decide the other issues and we would dismiss the appeal with costs and
with the usual consequential orders. However, as arguments were proffered by
both parties with regard to Issue 2, we will deal briefly with it (albeit by
way of obiter dicta only). Before proceeding to do so, we should state that it
is unnecessary for us – in light of the analysis and decision we have arrived
at with regard to Issue 1 – to deal with the respondents’ argument that s 15
is inconsistent with Art 14 of the Constitution.

Issue 2 – when is it “just and equitable” to grant a s 15 order?

38 Section 15(3)(b) additionally provides that the District Court shall not
make a s 15 order unless the District Court is satisfied on the balance of
probabilities that it is just and equitable to do so. A couple of observations
may be made from the wording of the provision. First, the burden is on the
applicant to ensure that the District Court is satisfied on the balance of
probabilities that it is just and equitable to grant the order sought. This
suggests that the applicant must engage the court with regard to
considerations that go beyond the mere existence of a false statement (which
is a separate requirement in s 15(3)(a)). This burden is a separate, distinct
and wider requirement from proving that the statement is false. Second, s
15(3) is phrased in a presumptively negative fashion. The court will not grant
the order unless it is false and just and equitable to do so. This suggests
that the court’s discretion to grant the order ought not to be exercised
lightly.

39 It follows that there cannot be a presumption for the grant of a s 15 order
by virtue only of the existence of a false statement. To hold so would be to
render s 15(3)(b) otiose, and dilute the broad discretion conferred upon the
court, which nevertheless ought not to be – as we have mentioned above –
exercised lightly. Indeed, to hold that there is a presumption that a s 15
order ought to be granted once a statement has been found to be false would be
to require the respondent to show that it is not just and equitable for the
order to be granted. This would effectively reverse the burden of proof
imposed by s 15(3), which, as we have observed above, falls clearly on the
applicant.

40 The question of whether it is “just and equitable” under s 15(3)(b) to
grant a s 15 order, to our mind, involves an open-textured balancing exercise
that is highly fact-dependent. The Judge also adopted a similar approach. He
set out (at [58] of the Judgment) a number of non-exhaustive factors that
should be taken into account in deciding whether it would be “just and
equitable” to grant a s 15 order in the context of the present case, as
follows:

While the remedy created by s 15 of the Act might accurately be called a
“lower tier” one in that the consequences of the order are not drastic, it
does not follow that s 15 orders should be very readily granted as long as a
statement of fact has been demonstrated to be false. Where the statement casts
serious aspersions on its subject in the sense that it pertains to an
important part of his or her identity, character or personality, and that
statement causes him or her substantial emotional or psychological impact, eg,
a false allegation concerning a person’s sexual activities, it will doubtless
be just and equitable to make the order. But an important countervailing
consideration is that an application to court under s 15 should not be seen to
be a measure of first resort where a false statement is made. I venture to
suggest that courts should be slower to grant a s 15 order the more of the
following features are present: (a) the false statement of fact is of a
relatively minor nature, (b) the subject of the statement has suffered no
emotional or psychological impact, (c) the subject has the means to publish
widely his or her own version of the truth, and (d) the author and/or
publisher of the statement has made genuine and substantial efforts to point
out that the truth of the statement of fact in question is not undisputed.
[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

41 We generally agree with the Judge’s analysis, and, in particular, with the
four factors which he has identified. However, we reiterate that these four
factors are not exhaustive, and regard must be had to the specific factual
matrix of every case. Indeed, the factors that the court takes into account in
determining whether it is “just and equitable” to grant a s 15 order cannot be
exhaustive because of the myriad of factual situations that may arise and
which one cannot therefore have the prescience to foresee.

42 To this end, useful guidance may also be drawn from s 5 of the recently-
enacted Community Disputes Resolution Act 2015 (Act No 17 of 2015). Section
5(2) thereof states that the court, in deciding whether it is just and
equitable to grant an order (eg, of damages) in relation to interference with
the enjoyment or use of a place of residence must consider, amongst other
factors, the impact of the order on the respondent and the ordinary instances
of daily living that can be expected to be tolerated by reasonable persons
living in Singapore. In our view, there is no reason why these factors would
not similarly be relevant in application for a s 15 order. Thus, where a false
statement is made in jest, such as a satire or between private individuals
with little discernible impact, it may very well be the case that an applicant
would not be able to satisfy the court that it would be just and equitable to
grant a s 15 order. Such situations are replete in the ordinary instances of
daily living, and a certain amount of mutual tolerance should be expected
between individuals who participate in the marketplace of ideas.

43 In summary, the following is a non-exhaustive list of factors which the
court may consider when confronted with an application under s 15 to decide if
it is just and equitable to grant a s 15 order:

(a) the nature of the false statement and the seriousness of the allegation
made;

(b) the purpose of the false statement, for example, whether it is said in
jest or for the purposes of satire;

(c) the impact of the statement on the subject and the degree of adverse
emotional or psychological harm suffered;

(d) the degree to which the false statement has been publicised to the public;

(e) whether the subject has the means to publicise his or her own version of
the truth (and on a channel that is accessible to the readers of the false
statement);

(f) whether the author and/or publisher of the statement has made genuine
efforts to point out that the veracity of the statement is not undisputed; and

(g) the ordinary instances of daily living that may be expected to be
tolerated by reasonable persons.

44 Turning to the facts of the present case, we do not think that the
applicant has demonstrated that is just and equitable to grant an order
against either Dr Ting or The Online Citizen. The first point to note is that
this is not a case where the two respondents could be usefully differentiated,
because Dr Ting’s statements were published only on The Online Citizen. It is
therefore important to note the efforts that The Online Citizen took to
provide a balanced view of the facts. In this regard, we find no reason to
differ from the Judge’s finding that The Online Citizen had already taken
“significant steps to point out to readers and viewers that the truth of Dr
Ting’s comments was by no means beyond doubt” (see the Judgment at [57]). The
Online Citizen had published MINDEF’s Facebook statement in full and also
provided a link to MINDEF’s statement from the article containing Dr Ting’s
video interview. In its statement, MINDEF left no ambiguity as to its view of
the propriety of the conduct of the legal proceedings:

#3 Is MINDEF out to destroy MobileStats with the prolonged court case and the
demand for the payment of $580k?

This is false. MINDEF did not initiate the legal action. It was MobileStats
who inexplicably chose to sue MINDEF instead of the manufacturer. In defending
ourselves, MINDEF’s conduct was in full compliance with court regulations and
never found lacking.

$580k was the amount that the court decided MobileStats should reimburse
MINDEF for our legal fees. Not a single cent will be kept by MINDEF. The money
will go to Syntech, the BCS vendor, who honoured their legal obligation to
MINDEF and bore the cost of the legal proceedings.

When the legal actions are initiated against government agencies like MINDEF,
these agencies need to respond. Public resources and monies are expended
needlessly if such lawsuits are without merit. As a government organisation,
MINDEF has a duty to protect our public monies. We regard such lawsuits taken
against MINDEF with the utmost seriousness.

45 As the Judge held, such efforts to present the different sides of the story
should be encouraged. Additionally, MINDEF was anything but a helpless victim.
It is a government agency possessed of significant resources and access to
media channels. In the present case, MINDEF was able to put across its side of
the story through traditional media as well as on its Facebook page. The
Online Citizen had, in fact, published MINDEF’s statement in full and provided
a link to it from the offending article. Given all this, it is difficult to
see what discernible impact the Allegations and The Online Citizen’s
publication of the Allegations could have had on MINDEF’s reputation or public
image.

46 We further note that it is only the second of the Allegations, the less
serious among the two in our judgment, that is the subject of this appeal. As
the Judge observed at [56] of the Judgment, while the second of the
Allegations had the potential to cast aspersions on MINDEF’s integrity and
bring MINDEF into disrepute, it merely concerned a narrow aspect of MINDEF’s
conduct that did not “seriously [impugn] the core or essence of MINDEF’s
identity or ‘character’ or ‘personality’”. Had it been the first of the
Allegations – which implied not only that MINDEF had known of MobileStats’
possible rights in the Patent and yet chose to disregard it by way of its
agreement with Syntech, but also that MINDEF had falsely depicted itself as an
innocent infringer of the Patent – we might well have been inclined to agree
with the appellant that the measures taken by The Online Citizen were
insufficient and that it would be just and equitable for a s 15 order to be
granted. This is because while the former could reasonably be understood as an
allegation of cynical manipulation of the litigation process, the latter
carried with it broad imputations of dishonesty.

47 For these reasons, even if we were to accept that s 15 applies to entities
such as MINDEF, we would not have found it just and equitable to grant a s 15
order. There is little need for a s 15 order in the present case, and to grant
it would be to encourage applications for no reason other than vindication of
the truth. Mere vindication of the truth alone cannot be the touchstone,
because, as we have explained, it does not suffice for an applicant to show a
false statement to obtain a s 15 order. The applicant is required to go
further.

48 We should state that our analysis as to how the discretion in s 15(3)(b)
should be exercised is based on the premise that the District Court is already
satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the offending statement is
false pursuant to s 15(3)(a). Before we conclude, we would like to make an
observation on s 15(3)(a). In our view, the court should be slow to make a s
15 order unless the statements complained of are more likely than not to be
false. This maintains fidelity to the language of the provision itself.
However, the District Court must exercise sound judgment in arriving at this
conclusion. There will be cases such as the present (in relation to the second
of the Allegations) where the falsity of a statement will be readily apparent.
But there will be others, as with the first of the Allegations, that can only
be resolved through an extensive fact-finding exercise. In these situations,
the court should consider exercising its broad discretion under O 109 r 2(7)
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) to conduct the
hearing, in relation to the grant of a s 15 order, in a manner that the
situation requires. But this raises a number of issues. First, the conduct of
what would be effectively be a full-blown trial is antithetical to what
Parliament envisioned s 15 to be – a lower tier remedy for “victims” under ss
3 to 7 who wish to avoid the costs and rigours of civil and criminal
litigation. Second, it is unclear as to where judgments that are not obtained
on the merits on the case lie within the scheme. Assume, for example, that Dr
Ting had continued to assert that the Patent was valid and that MINDEF had
infringed the Patent. While the appellant has obtained judgment that “[the
Patent] is and always has been invalid”, judgment was only obtained pursuant
to a discontinuance of S 619/2011. In these circumstances, an argument could
be made that the assertion that MINDEF has infringed the Patent is not
necessarily a false statement of fact simply by virtue of the judgment in S
619/2011 and, even if that were incorrect, that the circumstances in which
judgment was obtained should be taken into considering the extent of a s 15
order. In this regard, the Judge was clearly correct to have found that the
first statement complained of was not false (see the Judgment at [47]−[51]).
In other words, it is conceivable that there may be room for a distinction
between factually false statements and legally false statements. Against that,
it can hardly be gainsaid that the harder it is for the applicant to prove his
version of the truth to the public, the more he requires the public to know
that the court has found it to be false. In the light of all these potential
issues, our short point is simply that the District Court should exercise
sound judgment as well as common sense in arriving at its conclusion. In an
appropriate case, one solution might be to grant a s 15 order but on the terms
that the District Court deems appropriate in the light of the constellation of
facts known to it.

Conclusion

49 As already mentioned, the appellant has not succeeded in crossing the
threshold requirement embodied in Issue 1. We would therefore dismiss the
appeal with costs and with the usual consequential orders.

Chao Hick Tin Andrew Phang Boon Leong  
Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Sundaresh Menon CJ (dissenting):

Introduction

50 The present appeal turns on the meaning of s 15. The Act was passed
recently and this is the first occasion an issue pertaining to its proper
interpretation has come before us. In general, it is common ground that the
Act is directed at conduct that amounts to harassment or illegal stalking of a
sort that engenders emotions of fear, alarm or distress. Because of this, it
is also common ground, that in general, the Act confers the benefit of the
prescribed remedies on those who are natural persons and therefore capable of
experiencing emotions. The question to be answered in this case is whether
this general position extends also to s 15, which appears, on its face, to
prescribe an independent standalone remedy that can be invoked even in the
absence of conduct which amounts to harassment where the falsity of a
statement can be proved. Flowing from this, the specific question that arises
is whether s 15 may be invoked by a non-natural legal person such as the
Government or whether it only avails a natural person.

The judgment below

51 The Judge held, in essence, that s 15 was part of a continuum of remedies
targeted at the social problem of harassment and associated disruptive and
anti-social behaviour. This continuum extends from the higher tier of remedies
comprising criminal penalties and separate civil remedies for such conduct to
the lower-tiered remedy in s 15 that fell short either of seeking criminal
punishment or civil remedies such as damages. In this vein, he considered s 15
(and thereby its purpose and object) to be part of “a holistic or harmonious
whole” that included the other provisions of the Act, even if s 15 strictly
did not concern harassment (at [38] of the Judgment). Given that the purpose
and object of the other provisions was to protect persons from the detrimental
emotional or psychological impact of the words or deeds of other persons,
having regard to the place of s 15 in the “tiered” scheme created by the Act,
the rationale behind s 15 was understood as being for the protection of
persons from the similar detrimental emotional or psychological impact that
flowed from false statements (at [40] of the Judgment). Following from this,
the Judge held that the scope of s 15 was confined to false statements that
were capable of affecting their intended subject emotionally or
psychologically, which presupposed that the subject was a natural person who
could experience these emotions (at [41] of the Judgment). He therefore
dismissed the appellant’s claim.

My decision

How should the purposive approach to statutory interpretation be utilised?

52 Before turning to the text of s 15, the structure of the Act and the task
of construing the relevant provisions, I consider it helpful, first, to make
some observations about the nature of the purposive approach to statutory
interpretation. This is, after all, central to the construction of s 15. From
the time that s 9A of the IA was introduced into our law in 1993, the
purposive approach has been consistently regarded as an approach which is
“paramount”, taking precedence over any other common law principle of or
approach to statutory interpretation including, among others, the plain
meaning rule: see for instance Dorsey James Michael v World Sport Group [2013]
3 SLR 354 at [18] in which we affirmed the pronouncement of V K Rajah JA to
this effect in Low Kok Heng at [57]. This much is uncontroversial. In fact,
this view has gained such widespread acceptance that some years after the
enactment of s 9A, we described as “trite” the proposition that a court should
give effect to the legislative purpose when interpreting an Act of Parliament
(Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd v Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal (trading as TopBottom
Impex) [2007] 2 SLR 321 at [6]).

53 But the methodology underlying the purposive approach tends to be less
straightforward. The purposive approach as encapsulated in s 9A of the IA
directs the court to prefer a construction that advances the objects and
purposes underlying a written law over one that does not. It also allows
recourse to extraneous materials, meaning material other than the written law
in question, to construe the text that is in issue. But although s 9A
expressly allows the consideration of extraneous material, a close reading of
the text of s 9A reveals that the purposive approach does not automatically or
necessarily require the consideration of any material that does not form part
of the legislation in question. In fact, in s 9A(2)(a) and (b), the IA
expressly prescribes three situations in which the court may consider
extraneous material to interpret a statute. In my judgment, it is a matter of
importance that the court should be satisfied that the circumstances relating
to the interpretation of the statutory text in question do in fact bring the
matter within either s 9A(2)(a) or (b) before it has recourse to any
extraneous material, including the record of the parliamentary debates.

54 Before developing this analysis, I set out parts of s 9A of the IA, with
appropriate emphases, as follows:

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials

9A.—(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
may be given to that material —

(a) to confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; or

(b) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when —

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

(3) Without limiting the generality of subsection (2), the material that may
be considered in accordance with that subsection in the interpretation of a
provision of written law shall include —

(a) all matters not forming part of the written law that are set out in the
document containing the text of the written law as printed by the Government
Printer;

(b) any explanatory statement relating to the Bill containing the provision;

(c) the speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the occasion of the moving
by that Minister of a motion that the Bill containing the provision be read a
second time in Parliament;

…

(4) In determining whether consideration should be given to any material in
accordance with subsection (2), or in determining the weight to be given to
any such material, regard shall be had, in addition to any other relevant
matters, to —

(a) the desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law; and

(b) the need to avoid prolonging legal or other proceedings without
compensating advantage.

[emphasis added]

55 The scheme of s 9A of the IA can be understood by reference to how it deals
with these issues:

(a) the meaning of the purposive approach to interpretation, which is dealt
with in s 9A(1);

(b) how and when extraneous material may be used to ascertain the meaning of
the provision that is being interpreted, which is dealt with in s 9A(2);

(c) the types of extraneous materials that may be considered, which is dealt
with, albeit not in exhaustive terms, in s 9A(3); and

(d) the considerations that guide the weight to be placed on extraneous
materials, which is dealt with in s 9A(4).

56 In my judgment, it follows from this scheme of s 9A that:

(a) the purposive approach shall be applied by the courts;

(b) this can in certain circumstances, but need not in every case, entail the
use of extraneous material to help the court ascertain the meaning of the
provision that is being interpreted;

(c) whether recourse is to be had to extraneous material depends on what is
provided in s 9A(1) read with s 9A(2); and

(d) even if recourse may be had to such material, the court should separately
consider what weight is to be given to it.

I therefore set out my further analysis according to these points.

The purposive approach understood and applied

57 The application of the purposive approach as mandated by Parliament arises
where the court discerns that there are two or more interpretations of a
statutory provision, but only one of which would promote the purpose or object
of the statute. This emerges from the plain language of s 9A(1) of the IA.
Where that is the case, the interpretation that does promote the purpose or
object must be preferred over that which does not do so – a clear indication
that the literal rule of construction must give way to the purposive approach.
But this does not mean that the two approaches must necessarily be at odds
with each other in every case. A purposive interpretation simply requires one
to approach the words of a statutory provision bearing in mind “the
overarching and underlying purpose of that provision as reflected by and in
harmony with the express wording of the legislation [emphasis in original]”
(Low Kok Heng at [50]). The words of the statute are chosen by the drafter in
order to convey the purpose underlying the provision. If the drafter is
successful in achieving what he or she has set out to do, the applications of
the literal and the purposive approaches would naturally lead to the same
result (D C Pearce and R S Geddes, Statutory Interpretation in Australia
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 7th Ed, 2011) at para 2.15).

58 Section 9A(1) of the IA therefore comes into play principally where
different approaches to statutory interpretation lead to divergent results;
and it has rather more limited utility and effect where the purposive and
literal interpretations of a statutory provision are coincident with each
other. The application of the purposive approach, more importantly, does not
allow the court to construe the provision in a manner that would do violence
to the express wording; instead, it should generally be used to construe the
provision “in harmony” with the express wording. The cautionary note against
rewriting an Act in the name of the purposive approach has in fact been
observed on many an occasion (see eg, Mills v Meeking (1990) 91 ALR 16 per
Dawson J).

59 It follows from this that the court’s task when undertaking a purposive
interpretation of a legislative text should begin with three steps:

(a) first, ascertaining the possible interpretations of the text, as it has
been enacted. This however should never be done by examining the provision in
question in isolation. Rather, it should be undertaken having due regard to
the context of that text within the written law as a whole;

(b) second, ascertaining the legislative purpose or object of the statute.
This may be discerned from the language used in the enactment; but as I
demonstrate below, it can also be discerned by resorting to extraneous
material in certain circumstances. In this regard, the court should
principally consider the general legislative purpose of the enactment by
reference to any mischief that Parliament was seeking to address by it. In
addition, the court should be mindful of the possibility that the specific
provision that is being interpreted may have been enacted by reason of some
specific mischief or object that may be distinct from, but not inconsistent
with, the general legislative purpose underlying the written law as a whole. I
elaborate on this in the following two paragraphs; and

(c) third, comparing the possible interpretations of the text against the
purposes or objects of the statute. Where the purpose of the provision in
question as discerned from the language used in the enactment clearly supports
one interpretation, reference to extraneous materials may be had for a limited
function – to confirm but not to alter the ordinary meaning of the provision
as purposively ascertained; but I elaborate on this in the following section.

60 I now elaborate on the approach the court should take in determining the
general legislative purpose or object of the statute. This is a point of some
importance because if it is not carefully applied, the articulation of the
object at either too high or too low level of generality can result in the
court describing the objects or purposes in whatever terms would support the
interpretation that it prefers. There is also a question as to whether this is
best considered by reference to the purpose and object of the statute as a
whole or of the specific provision. In this regard, there may be some
ambiguity in the words of s 9A of the IA given that s 9A(1) refers to the
purpose or object underlying the “written law”, which would refer to the
statute in general, while ss 9A(2) and (3) refer to the search for the meaning
of the “provision of the written law” [emphasis added]. The courts have often
treated the two as interchangeable – a point made in Goh Yihan, “Statutory
Interpretation in Singapore: 15 Years on from Legislative Reform” (2009) 21
SAcLJ 97 (“Statutory Interpretation in Singapore”) at p 129 – and indeed, one
imagines that it would be rare to find a specific purpose which contradicts or
opposes the general purpose behind the Act.

61 However, even if the purpose underlying a specific provision does not go
against the grain of Parliamentary intent in enacting the statute as a whole,
that purpose behind a particular provision may yet be distinct from the
general purpose underlying the statute as a whole, even if it might be related
to or complementary with that purpose. The specific purpose behind a
particular provision should therefore be separately considered in appropriate
cases. This coheres with the recent trend in our case law which suggests, as
observed by Assoc Prof Goh in Statutory Interpretation in Singapore at p 117,
that, in fact, we tend to focus on the purpose behind particular statutory
provisions. Given that different sections of a particular statute may target
different mischiefs and that Parliament may even use the same word to mean
different things (see eg, Madras Electric Supply Corporation Ld v Boarland
(Inspector of Taxes) [1955] AC 667 (“Madras Electric”)), this approach seems
sensible. As described by the Federal Court of Australia in Evans v Minister
for Immigration and Multicultural and Indigenous Affairs [2003] FCAFC 276 at
[16], “[u]nder the umbrella of the general object is a multitude of objects of
specific provisions” and to that extent, the general object may at times cast
little, if any, light on the meaning of specific provisions. It should
therefore not be assumed that the specific purpose of a particular provision
does not need to be separately considered to ascertain the legislative intent.

The use of extraneous material

62 As I have already observed, s 9A(1) of the IA helps us to understand the
paramount importance of interpreting statutory provisions by reference to the
legislative intent. But it says nothing about the use of extraneous material
even though this is often regarded as the most innovative aspect of s 9A. When
s 9A was introduced in Parliament and the Bill was read a second time, the
then-Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar, in fact specifically stated that the
purpose of the amendment was as follows (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (26 February 1993) vol 60 at col 516 (Prof S Jayakumar,
Minister for Law)):

… to enable the Courts to have recourse to the use of Ministerial statements
made in Parliament when interpreting any statute in order to ascertain the
intention of Parliament should the statute be ambiguous or obscure in its
purpose or if a literal reading of the statute would lead to an absurdity
[emphasis added] .

Section 9A should therefore be understood as a permissive or enabling
provision which allows the courts to refer to extraneous materials subject to
certain conditions (Low Kok Heng at [48]). The conditions which govern when
extraneous material can be referred to are dealt with in s 9A(2), (3) and (4)
which in broad terms address the matters I have outlined at [55(b)]–[55(d)]
above. I begin with s 9A(2).

63 The first point to note in s 9A(2) of the IA is what is meant by what I
have hitherto referred to as extraneous material. This is not the terminology
used in the Act but it serves to capture in essence what the Act does
contemplate; and that is “any material not forming part of the written law
[and] is capable of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the
provision”. Hence, in the endeavour to ascertain the meaning of the text
contained within a statute, the court is permitted to consider any material
that is not included as part of the statute. Section 9A(3) does expand on this
by setting out, on a non-exhaustive basis, examples of such extraneous
material. On its face, the potential range of such material is unlimited.
However, in my judgment, it is limited at least by reference to the purpose
for which such material may be resorted to. Section 9A(2) states that it is
material which is capable of helping to ascertain the meaning of the
provision. This too is broad. Nevertheless, reading s 9A(2) in context with s
9A(1), such extraneous material may be resorted to where it is capable of
helping to ascertain the meaning of the provision by shedding light on the
objects and purposes of the statute as a whole, and where applicable, on the
objects and purposes of the particular provision in question.

64 I take this view for two related reasons. First, any other interpretation
would have courts, and perhaps more importantly, others who need to know what
the law means, floundering in a sea of material which may be completely
irrelevant to the task at hand. Indeed, one can imagine that some such
extraneous material may well be inconsistent with other such material thus
exacerbating the problem. Second, Parliament has expressed its will in the
form of the statute it has enacted. It is only to overcome the imperfect
ability of language and the limitations of the draftsman’s mind that provision
is made by way of s 9A to help the court give effect to what Parliament
intended to achieve and this inevitably draws us back to the objects and
purposes underlying the enactment. I also note in passing that this approach
is in fact consistent with the Minister’s statement at the second reading of
the Bill to introduce s 9A of the IA, which I have referred to at [62] above.

65 Returning to s 9A(2) of the IA, the rest of that section sets out the
specific ways in which and reasons for which such extraneous material may be
applied. In my judgment, there are three situations in which this can be done
and they each begin with a determination of the ordinary meaning conveyed by
the text of the provision in question understood in the context of the written
law as a whole. This context is of critical importance because it will often
afford the best guide to the objects and purposes of the enactment. This is
the first of the three steps I have identified at [59] (see sub-paragraph
[59(a)]) above. Having identified the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text in
this context, consideration may then be had to extraneous material, subject to
s 9A(4) and subject to such material being of assistance in ascertaining the
meaning of the provision, in the following three situations:

(a) under s 9A(2)(a), to confirm that the ordinary meaning deduced as
aforesaid is, after all the correct and intended meaning having regard to any
extraneous material that further elucidates the purpose or object of the
written law;

(b) under s 9A(2)(b)(i), to ascertain the meaning of the text in question when
the provision on its face is ambiguous or obscure; and

(c) under s 9A(2)(b)(ii), to ascertain the meaning of the text in question
where having deduced the ordinary meaning of the text as aforesaid, and
considering the underlying object and purpose of the written law, such
ordinary meaning is absurd or unreasonable.

66 In my judgment, what follows from this, as I have already foreshadowed, is
that the meaning of the text in question should first be derived from its
context, namely the written law as a whole, which would often give sufficient
indication of the objects and purposes of the written law and even of the
specific provision. This should first be done without relying on extraneous
materials. It is only after the court has determined the ordinary meaning of
the provision in this way that it can then evaluate whether recourse to the
extraneous materials for either the confirmatory or clarificatory functions
can be had, and this will usually be because it proves to be impossible to
discern, without such extraneous materials, the precise objects and purposes
of the enactment.

67 At first blush, it might seem as though this is an implicit return to the
literal approach of the past but such a view both ignores the text of s 9A of
the IA and overlooks the nuances of what I believe that text directs us to do.
The text itself has already been explained. As to the inquiry that the court
is undertaking before turning to extraneous materials, this is not limited to
interpreting the text of the provision alone, but also takes into account the
statutory context of the particular provision and also the purpose and object
underlying the provision and the statute to the extent this can be discerned
from the written law as a whole. In this regard, it has in fact been observed
that on balance, more decisions probably appear to accept that the purpose and
object of a statute can be found within the statute itself, often from
examining the statutory provision concerned in the context of its surrounding
provisions: Statutory Interpretation in Singapore at p 121. One example of
this can be found in Comptroller of Income Tax v GE Pacific Pte Ltd [1994] 2
SLR(R) 948 where we ascertained Parliament’s intention in relation to capital
allowances by looking at other provisions within the same statute. Extraneous
materials that go outside the statute are one of the tools that may be
employed to determine Parliamentary intent, and such recourse can be very
useful but this is by no means essential in every case for the purpose of
ascertaining Parliamentary intent.

68 There is a further point of difference from the literal approach. Because
extraneous materials can be considered either to confirm or to help ascertain
the meaning of a provision, there is no requirement for any ambiguity or
absurdity to be found before recourse may be had to such materials (Planmarine
AG v Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore [1999] 1 SLR(R) 669 at [22]).
The Minister’s speech at the second reading of the Interpretation (Amendment)
Bill which introduced s 9A of the IA (at [62]) should not be read to exclude
the confirmatory role that extraneous materials can play even where the
ordinary meaning is clear because to do so would defeat the express wording of
s 9A(2)(a).

69 Nonetheless, I consider it important that the analytical process I have
outlined above is followed. Where there is ambiguity or absurdity or even
unreasonableness in the interpretation that follows upon the consideration of
the text in context, as I have outlined, the use of extraneous materials may
enable the court to ascertain the meaning of the provision and it may then
select a meaning that would not ordinarily be borne out by the text of the
provision. This is potentially a far-reaching power and it gives cause for
pause since that text was chosen by Parliament. Therefore, strict adherence to
the framework prescribed in s 9A as a whole is necessary to resolve the
tension inherent in trying to bridge Parliament’s intention with the words
with which it has chosen to articulate that intention.

What weight should be placed on permitted extraneous material?

70 Having considered the meaning and use of extraneous material, I return to s
9A(4) of the IA which draws a distinction between the court’s determination of
whether consideration should be given to any extraneous material and the
weight that it chooses to give to such material. This consideration is guided
by reference to two factors. The first relates to the need to avoid prolonging
legal proceedings without compensating advantage. The second is the
desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning of the text
in its statutory context and purpose apart from extraneous materials, to
understand Parliament’s enactments. In this regard, two further points may be
noted:

(a) In relation to statements made in Parliament in particular, it has been
observed in several decisions of the English courts that these must be “clear
and unequivocal” to be of any real use: Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in R v
Secretary of State for the Environment, Transport and the Regions, Ex parte
Spath Holme Ltd [2001] 2 AC 349 (“Spath Holme”) at 398. See also, for example,
R v Warner [1969] 2 AC 256 at 279e. The danger lies in the likelihood of the
court being drawn into comparing one Parliamentary statement with another,
appraising the meaning and effect of what was said and then considering what
was left unsaid and why (per Lord Bingham of Cornhill at 392 of Spath Holme).
In the process, it can begin to appear as if the court is being asked to
construe the statements made by Parliamentarians rather than the Parliamentary
enactment. In line with this, and in my judgment, more importantly, a
requirement recognised by the English courts is that the statement in question
must “disclose the mischief aimed at [by the enactment] or the legislative
intention lying behind the ambiguous or obscure words” (Pepper v Hart [1993]
AC 593 at 634). Lord Browne-Wilkinson has further re-stated this in terms of a
requirement that the statement should be “directed to the very point in
question in the litigation” because to do otherwise would “involve the
interpretation of the ministerial statement in question” (Melluish (Inspector
of Taxes) v BMI (No 3) Ltd [1995] 4 All ER 453 at 468).

(b) While I recognise that these observations were made in the context of the
admissibility of extraneous material, an issue we do not have to contend with
given the enactment of s 9A, I do consider that the concerns that underlie
them are valid and that they should be considered at least when determining
the weight to be placed on the relevant extraneous material.

71 To summarise, I regard the following principles to be relevant in using the
purposive approach in statutory interpretation:

(a) The purposive interpretation of a statutory provision must be preferred to
a literal interpretation that does not advance the underlying general or
specific purpose or object of the enactment.

(b) The general object underlying the statute as a whole may be distinct from
and hence, at times, might cast little light on the object of a given specific
provision. This should therefore be separately considered in appropriate
cases.

(c) A purposive interpretation simply requires one to approach the literal
wording of a statutory provision bearing in mind the underlying purpose of
that provision as reflected by and generally in harmony with the express
wording of the legislation. It may therefore be coincident with a literal
interpretation of the provision if the draftsman is successful in expressing
Parliamentary intent through the express words chosen.

(d) The court may resort to extraneous material where this helps with the
ascertainment of the meaning of the provision by shedding light on the objects
and purpose of the statute as a whole, and where applicable, on the objects
and purposes of the particular provision in question.

(e) Extraneous material can be used only in three specific ways: (1) to
confirm the ordinary meaning deduced by the text of the provision and the
context of the written law; (2) to ascertain the meaning of the text when the
provision is ambiguous or obscure; or (3) to ascertain the meaning of the text
where the ordinary meaning is absurd or unreasonable.

(f) The court must first determine the ordinary meaning of the provision in
its context, namely the written law as a whole, which would often give
sufficient indication of the objects and purposes of the written law, before
evaluating whether recourse to the extraneous materials for either the
confirmatory or clarificatory functions can be had.

(g) The court should bear in mind – both in determining whether consideration
should be given to extraneous material and in determining the weight to be
accorded to such material – the need to avoid prolonging legal proceedings
without compensating advantage, and the desirability of persons being able to
rely on the ordinary meaning of the text in its statutory context and purpose
apart from extraneous materials, to understand Parliament’s enactments.

(h) In determining the weight to be placed on extraneous material, the court
should further have regard to the clarity of the material and whether the
statement is directed to the very point in dispute between the parties.

Against that backdrop of what I regard to be the relevant principles relating
to the purposive approach to statutory interpretation, I now turn to the
specific provision in dispute in the present case in its statutory context.

Whether the Government can invoke s 15 in relation to a false statement

Interpretation and analysis of s 15

72 Section 15 provides as follows:

False statements of fact

15.—(1) Where any statement of fact about any person (referred to in this
section as the subject) which is false in any particular about the subject has
been published by any means, the subject may apply to the District Court for
an order under subsection (2) in respect of the statement complained of.

(2) Subject to section 21(1), the District Court may, upon the application of
the subject under subsection (1), order that no person shall publish or
continue to publish the statement complained of unless that person publishes
such notification as the District Court thinks necessary to bring attention to
the falsehood and the true facts.

(3) The District Court shall not make an order under subsection (2) unless the
District Court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities that —

(a) the statement of fact complained of is false in any particular about the
subject; and

(b) it is just and equitable to do so.

(4) An order under subsection (2) may be made subject to such exceptions or
conditions as may be specified in the order.

…

The ordinary meaning of the text of the provision

73 The ordinary meaning of the text of s 15 as enacted is significant. The
text refers to any falsehood which is made about “any person”. To ascertain
the ordinary meaning of “person”, the first port of call should be s 2 of the
IA, which contains a list of words and expressions and their respective
interpretations. That provides that “person” “include[s] any company or
association or body of persons, corporate or unincorporated” [emphasis added].
It does not seem to have been contentious that this could notionally include
the Government. The plain and ordinary meaning of the text of the provision,
without more, therefore indicates that “person” under s 15 can include the
Government.

74 Section 15 thereafter refers to the “person” within its ambit as “the
subject”. This can be distinguished from the offence-creating provisions in
Part 2 of the Act which refer to the “person” in those provisions as “the
victim”. The appellant submits that “subject” on its plain meaning encompasses
a wider meaning than “victim” as the former can apply to corporate entities
and other non-natural persons. The respondents, on the other hand, argue that
the distinction is not material to the present issue because all it signifies
is that the “person” under s 15 need not have suffered from conduct that
amounts to harassment to invoke the remedy contained under s 15.

75 In my judgment, the distinction in the text of the various provisions
between “subject” and “victim” may not clearly point one way or another. It is
worth noting, however, that the juxtaposition of “person” and “subject” in s
15 in contrast with the corresponding juxtaposition elsewhere of “person” and
“victim” gives a hint that “person” need not and may not bear the same meaning
throughout the Act. The Judge in fact accepted as a starting point that the
same word need not necessarily bear the same meaning every time it is used in
the same statute, as clearly illustrated by the decision of the House of Lords
in Madras Electric. The presumption that the same word is used in the same
sense throughout the same enactment must ultimately yield to the requirements
of the context (at 685 of Madras Electric). This is in line with the
respondents’ argument that the meaning prescribed in s 2 of the IA would not
apply if there is “something in the subject or context inconsistent with such
construction or unless it is therein otherwise expressly provided”.

76 But it is clear that there is no express statement to the contrary within
the Act to suggest that the definition of persons under the IA should not
apply to s 15. Although the fairly broad interpretation of “person” (as
derived from s 2 of the IA) could, on the face of it, similarly apply to ss 3
to 7 of the Act, that becomes untenable and the true meaning of “person” in
those provisions naturally becomes more restricted when we consider the
elements of the offences prescribed there. As I have already observed, these
elements commonly refer to characteristics or emotions that can only be
possessed or experienced by a natural person. For example, the person must
suffer “harassment, alarm or distress” (under ss 3(1) and 7); hear, see, or
otherwise perceive certain behaviour or communication (under s 4(1)); be
“likely to believe” that violence will be used and be a person whom can suffer
from violence (under s 5(1)(b)); or be a public servant or public service
worker (under s 6). By reason of these elements, there is no difficulty with
reading “person” in those parts of the Act more narrowly than contemplated by
s 2 of the IA. In contrast, there is nothing in the statutory context to
otherwise confine the meaning of “person” under s 15 to natural persons.

77 The respondents further contend, as the Judge found, that s 15 should be
read as part of the range or spectrum of rights and remedies provided for in
the Act, all of which are intended to benefit the same class of persons –
namely natural persons who have suffered one or more of the types of offending
conduct. I do not accept this.

78 The effect of such a contention, as is apparent from the text of s 15,
would be to:

(a) limit the nature of the offending conduct that the section addresses from
false statements to false statements that coincide with and at least almost
amount to harassment even if they do not actually do so; and

(b) limit the class of potential beneficiaries from any person as defined in
the IA to natural persons.

79 This does not follow from the text of s 15 since that text clearly, on its
terms, carries no such limitation. The effect of reading in these limitations
is, in effect, to read into s 15, such words as “who is a victim of conduct
falling within any of ss 3, 4, 5, 6 and/or 7 above” immediately after the
opening words of s 15, “[w]here any statement of fact about any person”.
Hence, if the respondents are to succeed, not only must words be read into s
15, but the key word that is used in that section must be construed otherwise
than in accordance with s 2 of the IA even though the basis for departing from
s 2 of the IA does not apply in this context. It is said that this is
justified because, evidently, Parliament did not intend to create a self-
standing independent remedy for false statements, despite:

(a) the clear language of s 15;

(b) the long title; and

(c) the arrangement of the Act, including the structure of the rights and
remedies as provided for in every other section of the Act aside from s 15.

80 I find myself unable to agree with this and having addressed the clear
language of s 15, I will address the long title and the arrangement of the Act
in turn.

The statutory context

81 The long title of the Act can be understood as follows:

An Act –

(a) To protect persons against harassment and unlawful stalking; and

(b) To create offences; and

(c) To provide civil remedies;

(i) Related thereto; or

(ii) In relation to false statements of fact.

[annotations added]

82 I accept that the long title is not conclusive of the Parliamentary intent
behind the enactment of a statute. But at the same time, it is not to be
ignored. Rather, in my judgment, the long title is part of the context of the
written law as a whole and should properly be considered, though the weight it
attracts may be affected where there are other clearer indications of
legislative intent. Understanding the long title as presented above is
significant because it points to a legislative intent to provide separate
civil remedies that are on the one hand, related to the statutory torts or the
offences of harassment and unlawful stalking, and on the other hand, related
to false statements of fact which may be unrelated and in respect of which no
offence is created by the Act. This is potentially significant and material
because the Judge (as noted at [51] above) as well as the respondents take the
view that the remedies provided in relation to false statements do not stand
alone but are only lower tier remedies that are provided to the same class of
victims of the same sorts of wrongs. Were this the case, then the specific
reference to civil remedies in relation to false statements would seem to be
unnecessary and perhaps even otiose.

83 As to the structural features of the Act, the respondents’ case is that
because s 15 is found in Part 3 on “Remedies” and not in Part 2 on “Offences”,
it should be understood to prescribe a “lower-tiered” remedy to those who are
victims of harassment or conduct and where the false statement in question
almost amount to harassment. I do not accept this.

84 The Act is broadly divided into four sections: Part 1 – Preliminary; Part 2
– Offences; Part 3 – Remedies; and Part 4 – General. Sections 3 to 7, which
are the provisions that are said to colour the interpretation of s 15 by
limiting the category of persons who can invoke those provisions to natural
persons, are all to be found in Part 2 dealing with “Offences”, whereas s 15
is in Part 3 providing for “Remedies”.

85 The remedies that are found in Part 3 of the Act are all tied to the
offences in Part 2, except for an order under s 15. Thus, the remedies under
ss 11, 12 and 13 are all available “where the respondent has contravened ss 3,
4, 5, 6 or 7”, and to a victim “under [those same] sections”. To put it
another way, where Part 2 makes the defined conduct criminal, Part 3 (except
for s 15) provides a civil remedy that corresponds to an offence–creating
provision in Part 2. Section 14 then follows to abolish the common law tort of
harassment, and this is consequential upon the creation of the relevant
statutory torts by the Act.

86 Hence, among all the sections within Part 3 of the Act, only s 15 provides
a remedy without reference to an offence-creating section within Part 2 of the
Act. Section 15 is also distinct in that it alone in Part 3 prescribes both
the right which is sought to be protected (in subsection (1)) and the remedy
for the violation of that right (in subsection (2)). As I have noted, all the
other provisions in Part 3 essentially provide only for civil remedies that
may be availed of when the rights, as defined in the corresponding offence-
creating provisions in Part 2, have been violated. The same dichotomy is
visible in Part 4 of the Act where s 17, which relates to the applicability of
the provisions to persons outside of Singapore, contains express references to
ss 3 to 7 and the remedies found in ss 12 and 13, but makes no reference to s
15.

87 In my judgment, these features are all indications that the long title as
analysed above does reflect the legislative intent of the Act in relation to
penalising false statements as a standalone remedy. It is certainly not
dependent upon the establishment of any conduct of the sort falling within any
of the offence–creating provisions of Part 2.

88 The respondents had in fact conceded that s 15 can be availed of by those
who are not victims of the conduct proscribed elsewhere in the Act, which is a
concession of considerable importance. This means that one who is not able to
avail of any other remedy provided by the Act may nonetheless seek the remedy
provided by s 15.

89 As will be evident shortly, this concession flowed inevitably from the
reply by the Minister in the course of the parliamentary debates. But I will
turn to that shortly. In my judgment, this concession was significant, and has
the following consequences:

(a) It makes it unreasonable, if not impossible, to then contend that s 15
affords a remedy only to the same class of beneficiaries contemplated by the
rest of the Act;

(b) It also makes it impossible to contend that s 15 is to be seen as part of
the spectrum of remedies provided to the same group of persons because it is
in fact a standalone remedy that may be availed of by one who may have
suffered no other wrong under the Act; and

(c) It denudes the argument – that “person” in s 15 must be construed in the
same way as “person” used elsewhere in the Act – of all remaining force since
there is no longer any reason for thinking that the remedy in s 15 is limited
to natural persons.

90 Although I have analysed this by reference to the respondents’ concession,
in my judgment, this is in fact wholly consistent with the analysis of the Act
as I have set it out above. There is simply no basis for thinking that s 15
cannot or does not afford a standalone remedy that is distinct from all the
other remedies provided in the Act.

The legislative purpose of the enactment

91 In this light, I consider that the specific purpose and object of s 15 is
directed at ensuring that false statements are not irresponsibly propagated,
by enabling a subject who is aggrieved by such a statement to seek an order
that requires the maker of the statement to “bring attention to the falsehood
and the true facts”. As mentioned above, this is a distinct civil remedy that
relates only to false statements of fact. It appears to be a quick and ready
remedy where a party contends that a statement is false and can prove it to be
so. In addition, an order obtained under s 15 has limited effect. The remedy
offered does not require a take-down of the article and does not sound in
damages. The publisher of the statement is not restricted from continuing to
publish the statement that he has made; but he will be required to publish
such notification as is deemed by the court to be necessary to bring the
falsehood to the attention of the readers of the statement. This specific
purpose is distinct from the general purposes and objects of the Act which are
as reflected in the long title of the Act; but this specific purpose is
complementary to, and certainly not incompatible with, those general purposes
and objects. Indeed, as I have noted at [82] above, this purpose specifically
underlying s 15 is captured within the long title of the Act.

92 Based on the foregoing analysis of s 15 and the remedy that it is directed
towards, I am satisfied that the mischief that the provision seeks to address
is falsehood in speech and publication and I can see no reason based on my
understanding of the purpose and object of the provision to hold that the
class of persons as defined under s 2 of the IA which would ordinarily apply
to the meaning of “person” should be excluded, and that s 15 should be
confined in its application to natural persons.

The parliamentary debates

93 Given that the ordinary meaning of s 15 based on its text, its statutory
context, and its underlying purpose demonstrates that “person” thereunder
includes the Government, s 9A(2)(b) of the IA would not apply to allow for
consideration of extraneous material on the basis that the provision is
ambiguous, obscure or absurd. It is certainly not unreasonable, much less is
it absurd; and to the extent it is said to be ambiguous by reason of the fact
that the appellant proposes a different meaning to the word “person” in s 15
from the meaning ascribed to the same word when it is used elsewhere in the
Act, I consider that to be a false ambiguity because it is readily resolved by
applying s 2 of the IA correctly, as explained at [73]–[76] above. That leaves
s 9A(2)(a) which only allows for extraneous material to be relied on “to
confirm that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning conveyed” in
the statutory context and its purpose. To the extent that the respondents seek
to rely on the parliamentary debates to depart from the ordinary meaning of s
15, this would not be permitted under s 9A(2)(a).

94 Assoc Prof Goh suggests in Statutory Interpretation in Singapore that if
the purposively reached meaning of a provision is not ambiguous or absurd but
the extraneous materials do not confirm that meaning, there may, by
definition, be an ambiguity or absurdity in the provision such that s 9A(2)(b)
of the IA “operates seamlessly to permit the court to adopt a different
meaning” (at p 130). With respect, I disagree. This seems to me to be at odds
with the structure and the plain wording of s 9A(2), which in my view,
circumscribes the use that may be made of extraneous materials to depart from
the ordinary meaning of the provision read in its context only where the
provision has been ascertained to be ambiguous or absurd. If this is not the
case there would have been no need to separately provide in s 9A(2)(a) and (b)
the different uses that may be made of extraneous materials in various
circumstances. Indeed, the two sub-sections of s 9A(2) could have been omitted
altogether.

95 There is a further point in this regard. In my judgment, the important
consideration at play in s 9A(2) of the IA is in fact the inherent
desirability of persons being able to rely on the ordinary meaning of the
statutory provision as conveyed by the text, statutory context, and purpose
underlying that provision stated in s 9A(4). The need for legal certainty – as
one of the fundamental tenets of the rule of law – is necessary for citizens
to be able to regulate their conduct on this basis. Lord Diplock made the
following observations about this aspect of the rule of law in Fothergill v
Monarch Airlines Ltd [1981] AC 251 at 279–280:

The source to which Parliament must have intended the citizen to refer is the
language of the Act itself. These are the words which Parliament has itself
approved as accurately expressing its intentions. If the meaning of those
words is clear and unambiguous and does not lead to a result that is
manifestly absurd or unreasonable, it would be a confidence trick by
Parliament and destructive of all legal certainty if the private citizen could
not rely upon that meaning but was required to search through all that had
happened before and in the course of the legislative process in order to see
whether there was anything to be found from which it could be inferred that
Parliament’s real intention had not been accurately expressed by the actual
words that parliament had adopted to communicate it to those affected by the
legislation.

This provides a clear rationale, in my view, for the inherent limits contained
in s 9A(2), which would not generally allow the court to displace the clear
meaning of a provision that has been purposively ascertained by then having
recourse to extraneous material that might indicate a contrary meaning.

96 In any event, I turn to consider the extraneous materials cited by the
parties in the present case. Although I do so primarily to confirm the meaning
of s 15 as I have purposively interpreted it, I nonetheless also consider them
in the light of the respondents’ arguments. I first consider the Explanatory
Statement in the Bill. This however, does not add very much to what has
already been stated in the text of the provision, and is therefore of limited
utility.

97 Turning next to what has unsurprisingly featured most prominently in the
parties’ arguments – the Minister’s speech in the Second Reading of the Bill –
in my view, it cannot stand for the proposition for which the respondents have
cited it. First, nowhere in the Minister’s speech does he expressly exclude
the view that s 15 can apply to non-natural persons. I accept that his speech
was directed at and suggested in many places that the primary beneficiaries of
the Act would be natural persons but this is unremarkable because save for s
15, it is undisputed that the Act benefits only natural persons. It therefore
makes sense for the Minister to address in his speech the primary
beneficiaries of the Act and how the various statutory provisions would apply
to them when illustrating the operation of the statutory provisions.

98 Second, and more importantly, there are two parts of the Minister’s remarks
(made in his speech and during the debate) where he seemed to touch on s 15.
In both these contexts, in my judgment, the Minister’s remarks confirm the
interpretation that I have arrived at. The first is where he described how a s
15 order stands in relation to the other remedies provided by the Act. It is
useful here to reproduce the relevant portion of the Minister’s speech
(Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13 March 2014) vol 91 (Mr K
Shanmugam, Minister for Law):

Instead, if there are falsehoods, and let us say it is harassment, or it is
borderline harassment; or maybe nearly harassment; or not harassment but it is
a clear falsehood, then the victim has the right to ask the relevant parties
that the falsehoods be corrected, maybe through publication of replies, which
may set out the correct facts. Some victims of harassment may well choose that
route instead of having to make a criminal complaint, as I said earlier, or
launch a civil claim and claim damages. They just want the truth to be out and
they do not want to escalate the matter further, and we should allow that. So
it is a lower tier of remedy rather than having to go to the criminal and
civil law all the time and make claims. [emphasis added]

99 It is common ground that the reference to “a clear falsehood” that is “not
harassment” was made in the context of s 15. On the basis of this passage, the
Judge construed s 15 as a “lower tier of remedy” or “self-help” remedy for
victims who had suffered feelings of alarm or distress which did rise to the
level of harassment, or very nearly so even if they did not quite rise to that
level (at [40] of the Judgment). This would suggest that there are two tiers
of conduct that a hypothetical “person” might suffer from in order to avail
himself of a s 15 order. With great respect, this is the danger of approaching
the Minister’s statement as though it is the enactment. It plainly is not and
must be approached from the perspective that the Minister was looking to
explain certain aspects of the operation of the Act. In any case, it is clear
that the Minister spoke of three distinct tiers of conduct:

(a) a falsehood where there is also “harassment” or “borderline harassment”;

(b) a falsehood where there is “nearly harassment”, but where the conduct in
question would not in fact amount to harassment under the legal definition of
“harassment”; and

(c) a clear falsehood in the absence of any conduct which could amount to
harassment.

100 The last category of persons are those who would be able to invoke a s 15
order to correct falsehoods even though they would not be able to have
recourse to any of the other provisions of the Act. There is simply no other
way to understand the Minister’s remarks at [98] and it explains the
concession made by the respondents to which I have already alluded to at [88]
above. In my judgment, this can only mean that s 15 does provide a standalone
remedy to address false statements that is distinct from the other remedies
prescribed for other torts or offences in the Act. It is emphatically a
standalone remedy in the sense that it can also be invoked even if no other
remedy can be resorted to; and it remains a standalone remedy notwithstanding
the fact that in some, perhaps even in many, situations, it can be resorted to
as one of a number of possible remedies by those who do come within the other
parts of the Act. None of this is displaced, in my judgment, by the fact that
the remedy in s 15 may be seen as a lower-tiered remedy than the other
remedies provided by the Act. As an objective matter of fact, it is a lower-
tiered remedy than those which provide for criminal sanctions or civil
remedies such as damages. But that is not material to the separate question of
whether a s 15 order can only be availed of by those who may also avail
themselves of the other remedies. For the reasons I have already set out, I do
not consider that the remedy has such a limited application.

101 In my judgment, the foregoing analysis of the Minister’s statement which I
have quoted at [98] displaces the attempt to limit the scope of s 15 (see [78]
above) and confirms the interpretation of the text of s 15 both on its own and
in the context of the Act as a whole. This then has a further significance
because if s 15 is or can be a standalone remedy, there is no basis at all for
the class of its beneficiaries to be constrained by the other provisions which
apply only to natural persons. The mere fact that persons who can bring a
claim under s 15 may be the same natural persons who can also pursue criminal
conduct under ss 3 to 7 of the Act affords no reason in principle for
excluding non-natural persons from being able to invoke a s 15 order when
dealing with simple falsehoods.

102 As mentioned above, this flows from construing the word “person” in s 15
in accordance with s 2 of the IA. In this context, I turn to the second aspect
of the Minister’s remarks which has a bearing on this specific issue. The
Minister was asked directly whether the Act would benefit corporate entities.
The question was asked with reference to the position in the United Kingdom
where there is broadly corresponding legislation save that it does not include
s 15. The position in the United Kingdom is that only natural persons may
avail themselves of the remedies in the CPA, which is also the case here save
for the present question over s 15. The Minister’s response was that the
beneficiaries would be persons as defined in the IA. In my judgment, this
confirms the ordinary meaning of the provision as I have purposively
ascertained it to be. The definition of “person” under s 2 of the IA is
clearly broader than natural persons and in that regard, the reference to the
IA by the Minister suggests an intention to give a wider remit to the
definition of “person”. If the Parliamentary intent was for the Act to apply
only to natural persons, the only sensible and natural response for the
Minister to give in response to the question would have been a straightforward
“no, the Act only benefits natural persons”. This, however, was not his
answer. Moreover, the only part of the Act to which the wider meaning of the
word “person” could possibly apply is s 15.

103 The Judge, as I have already noted, dealt with the Minister’s reply to the
question posed by observing that the reference to s 2 of the IA is not
conclusive since it provides definitions that are contextually permitted. I
make two points in relation to this. First, while the Minister’s reply may not
be conclusive on the issue, the question is whether it assists in the search
for the meaning of s 15 and in my view, it does because any other view would
mean that the Minister in fact meant to say that the class of beneficiaries
was confined to natural persons but chose instead to frame his answer by
reference to the IA even though this suggests the opposite. I can see no
reason at all for thinking that is what he meant to do.

104 Second, the contention that the definitions in the IA are contextually
limited does not help because, as I have explained at [75]–[76] above, this
would affect the meaning of the word “person” in every part of the Act except
s 15.

105 Therefore, in my judgment, the extraneous material in this case confirms,
and in any case does not and cannot contradict the purposively ascertained
ordinary meaning of s 15. It follows that non-natural persons such as the
Government can invoke a s 15 order as a standalone remedy in respect of false
statements of fact made against them.

Whether the GPA extends the rights of the Government

106 Before turning to the constitutionality of s 15 in the way I have
interpreted it, I touch on one minor point. The Judge rejected the appellant’s
argument that ss 3 and 36 of the GPA read together would give the Government
the substantive legal right to seek a s 15 order, even if we were to find that
Parliament did not intend to include the Government within the scope of
“person” in s 15. The Judge’s reasons (at [24]–[25] of the Judgment)
essentially were that the provisions of the GPA only provide that “if the
Government has the right to seek recourse under s 15 of the Act, nothing in
the GPA prejudices that right and it may enforce the right by instituting
court proceedings [emphasis in original].” I agree with the Judge’s views on
this issue. The GPA cannot confer a right if the Act itself does not do so. If
the Government has a right to a remedy, it must be found in the Act; and the
GPA is irrelevant to this question.

Whether s 15 as interpreted impermissibly inhibits the right to free speech

107 To determine whether s 15, as interpreted above, impermissibly inhibits
the right to free speech guaranteed by Art 14 of the Constitution, the nature
of the inhibition contained in the provision must be analysed. Section 15 does
not contemplate a take-down or any other remedy beyond the following:

(a) A finding of falsehood by the court on a balance of probabilities; and

(b) Contingent on such finding, the right to have such notification as deemed
necessary to draw attention to the falsehood and the true facts.

108 It may be noted first that O 109 r 4 of the Rules, which governs the
procedure relating to an application under s 15, could be construed as
suggesting that an order granting the remedy may be obtained on an ex parte
basis. In my judgment, this would be incorrect. A s 15 order is predicated on
the court having made a finding that the statement of fact that is in
question, is in fact false. The availability of any remedy rests on that
determination of fact under s 15(3)(a). The procedure under the Rules should
therefore be understood to mean that once proceedings have been initiated by
an applicant, the judge hearing the matter should give the necessary
directions to enable a finding on this question of fact to be determined on a
balance of probabilities.

109 Turning to the substantive question on the constitutionality of the remedy
contained in s 15, in my judgment, s 15 as I have interpreted it would not
impermissibly inhibit the right to free speech. It is clear that there is no
absolute right to free speech. The right conferred under Art 14(1)(a) of the
Constitution can be restricted in the wider interests of, among others,
broader societal concerns such as public peace and order so that the exercise
of that right does not impinge on or affect the rights of others. Whether
speech may be limited entails a delicate balancing exercise between the nature
of the individual’s right to speak and the competing interest in limiting that
speech (see eg, Chee Soon Juan and another v Public Prosecutor and other
appeals [2011] 2 SLR 940 at [6]; Chee Siok Chin and others v Minister for Home
Affairs and another [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“Chee Siok Chin”) at [52]), and
whether in the circumstances, it is “necessary or expedient” to do so (under
Art 14(2)(a) of the Constitution).

110 I begin with the nature of the remedy contemplated in s 15. In my
judgment, the remedy afforded by s 15 is a very limited one. It does not allow
the applicant to claim damages against the publisher of the statement. For
that reason, the decision in Derbyshire County Council v Times Newspaper Ltd
and others [1993] AC 534 (“Derbyshire”), which was cited by the respondents,
can be immediately distinguished. The observations made by the House of Lords
there relating to the restriction of the criticism of public bodies having an
inhibiting effect on the right to free speech were made in the context of
considering the legitimacy of a threat of a civil action for defamation. The
nature of the remedy here – which is limited to the publication of a
notification to bring attention to the falsehood that has been so proved –
radically changes the application of the considerations outlined in
Derbyshire.

111 In fact, s 15 does not inhibit or prevent free speech at all or even
materially limit it. A speaker is free to speak, notwithstanding s 15, even if
what he says is objectively false and even if a court of law has found it to
be false. Even then, the speaker may continue to publish that falsehood. But
what s 15 does contemplate is that, in that event, the court may require him
to draw attention to the falsehood if the court is of the view that it is just
and equitable to do so (under s 15(3)(b)). Read in that light, s 15 does not
restrict the speaker’s freedom of speech, but merely constrains the
publication of speech that has been proven to be false without a notification
that it has been so proven and/or without a direction to where the truth may
be found.

112 I turn to the interest in the speech that is sought to be protected. The
respondents’ arguments, which suggest that even such a limited remedy would be
onerous or impermissible, are unsustainable in my judgment because a wholly
unrestricted right to free speech (assuming for the moment this exists at all)
does not extend to a wholly unrestricted right to deceive or to maintain a
deception by not drawing attention to the falsehood. The right to free speech,
or the liberty to communicate, relates to the communication of “information
not misinformation”: see Reynolds v Times Newspapers Ltd and others [2001] 2
AC 127 at 238 where Lord Hobhouse observed as follows:

There is no human right to disseminate information that is not true. No public
interest is served by publishing or communicating misinformation. The working
of a democratic society depends on the members of that society … being
informed not misinformed. Misleading people and … purveying as facts
statements which are not true is destructive of the democratic society and
should form no part of such a society. There is no duty to publish what is not
true: there is no interest in being misinformed. These are general
propositions going far beyond the mere protection of reputations.

113 False statements which are cloaked with the appearance that they can be
relied on as true and accurate are in fact “destructive of the democratic
society” and leads to the communication of misinformation, which is of little,
if any, value.

114 To the extent the “marketplace of ideas” rationale is commonly deployed to
justify a wide, if not, an unrestricted, right to free speech, we have
questioned the applicability of such a rationale to false statements (Review
Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and another appeal [2010] 1
SLR 52 (“Review Publishing”) at [283]). There, we said (at [282]) that:

… while the competition of ideas in the marketplace can lead to advances in
science and knowledge to the benefit of mankind (which would justify allowing
the fullest scope for exercising freedom of speech), this applies largely in
the sphere of statements relating to ideas or beliefs which cannot or have yet
to be proved with scientific certainty to be either true of false … it is
usually the case that one of these ideas or beliefs will eventually come to be
accepted by society as “true” in the sense of being the most accurate or the
most rational, with the others either being discarded or falling into
disfavour.

115 Put simply, false speech, which has been proven as a matter of fact to be
false in a court of law, can contribute little to the marketplace of ideas or
to advances in knowledge for the benefit of society as a whole. This is wholly
different and removed from the propagation of ideas or beliefs, which may not
immediately be able to be objectively discerned to be true or false, and which
through an open dialogue, can then be determined by society as a whole to be
“true”.

116 The value of free speech depends ultimately on its nature, how it is used,
where it occurs and whether it contains an assertion of fact that has been
proven to be a falsehood.

117 In my judgment, there is little, if any, value in allowing the continued
propagation of free speech which has been determined by a court to be false,
without the concurrent notification that such speech is false and/or which
contains a direction to the true facts. Such false speech cannot be justified
as free speech which should be protected on the basis of any of the
theoretical justifications underpinning the liberty of persons relating to
free speech. Therefore, without even reaching the inquiry as to the nature of
the State’s interest in regulating such speech, s 15 cannot be said to be
unconstitutional because the nature of the speech to which an order made
pursuant to s 15 would apply is not protected under Art 14(1) of the
Constitution.

118 But, in any event, even if the false speech in the present case is
constitutionally protected, I would hold that s 15 is a necessary or expedient
restriction on the right to free speech in the interest of public order.
Restrictions on free speech are expressly permitted if such restrictions fall
within the categories imposed by Art 14(2)(a), including, restrictions that
Parliament considers to be necessary or expedient in the interest of public
order. The use of the words “in the interest of” indicates a wider legislative
remit than if the power to circumscribe the rights conferred by Art 14 were
confined to “the maintenance of public order” (Chee Siok Chin at [50]). This
allows Parliament to take a “prophylactic approach in the maintenance of
public order” which “will include laws that are not purely designed or crafted
for the immediate or direct maintenance of public order” (Chee Siok Chin at
[50]).

119 The expression “public order” usually connotes the protection of a public
physical space from disorder. But as I observed in Lee Hsien Loong v Review
Publishing Co Ltd [2007] 2 SLR(R) 453 at [1], the Internet “is dramatically
shortening the globe’s communicative synapses”, expanding “the potential reach
and impact of any individual idea or expression” and though empowering, “also
portends abuse”. Given the modern context in which digital speech is
exercised, especially where falsehoods can be rapidly disseminated in an
unregulated Internet sphere and could conceivably threaten public order, there
is no reason why false statements should not be justifiably restricted on the
basis of the preservation of public order.

120 It might be argued that the case for regulation in this case is weak
because there is little, if any, threat to public order from the false
statement in question here. But the question of whether the balance between
the right to free speech and the protection of public order has been struck in
a “necessary or expedient” manner in any given case depends significantly also
on the nature of the interest in that speech, and here, the observations set
out at [111]–[117] above relating to the limited value that false speech has
would be equally applicable to demonstrate that the right balance has been
struck between the two competing interests.

121 I am therefore satisfied that the arguments advanced by the respondents to
challenge the constitutional validity of s 15 are without merit.

Whether it is just and equitable to grant a s 15 order

122 The remaining question is whether it is just and equitable to grant a s 15
order. To answer this question, I set out again, for convenience, ss 15(2) and
(3) with some emphases added:

(2) … the District Court may, upon the application of the subject under
subsection (1), order that no person shall publish or continue to publish the
statement complained of unless that person publishes such notification as the
District Court thinks necessary to bring attention to the falsehood and the
true facts.

(3) The District Court shall not make an order under subsection (2) unless the
District Court is satisfied on the balance of probabilities that —

(a) the statement of fact complained of is false in any particular about the
subject; and

(b) it is just and equitable to do so.

[emphasis added]

123 Based on the wording of the provision, a few observations can be made:

(a) Whether the court is satisfied that it is “just and equitable” to grant a
s 15 order is a separate exercise of adjudication from whether the court is
satisfied that the statement is false as is evident from the two sub-sections
(under ss 15(3)(a) and (b)).

(b) There should therefore be no presumption that a s 15 order would be
granted as a matter of course once it has been established that the statement
in question is false.

(c) The court will have to be independently satisfied that based on the facts
and circumstances presented, it is “just and equitable to do so.”

(d) This appears to be a fact-sensitive inquiry based on whether the
notification to be ordered is “necessary to bring attention to the falsehood
and the true facts” (under s 15(2)).

124 The court appears to have a wide discretion in determining first, whether
it is just and equitable to grant a s 15 order, and second, in deciding what
it views as necessary to bring attention to the truth of the matter and the
falsehood. This also seems to be borne out by what the Minister said during
the Parliamentary Debate (Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (13
March 2014) vol 91 (Mr K Shanmugam, Minister for Law):

The idea behind clause 15, as I earlier explained, is to let readers judge the
facts for themselves, and the court is given substantial discretion under
clause 15 to decide how that should be done. That is at the second level. So
it is a tiered response – clauses 3 to 7 carry a higher level of penalties;
clause 15 no penalties, just correction, clarification, whatever the court
thinks is necessary to bring the truth across. So we try to strike a balance
between the competing considerations. [emphasis added]

125 To be satisfied that it is just and equitable to make an order, the court
should weigh the seriousness of the falsehood (and the likelihood of prejudice
resulting from it) against the value of the speech that is published, bearing
in mind other equity-based considerations in line with the express words of s
15(3)(b). In keeping with this, I consider that the factors that may be
applicable in determining whether an order should be granted include, but are
not necessarily limited to, the following:

(a) whether the false statement of fact is of a nature that it would not be
taken at face value, such as where it appears to be facetious or a parody or
satirical speech;

(b) whether the false statement is of a minor or incidental nature and is on
the whole innocuous and unlikely to cause any prejudice;

(c) whether the applicant has acted in a way that was oppressive such that it
would be inequitable if the remedy were to be granted; and

(d) whether the applicant had caused or contributed actively to the falsehood
being stated.

126 Turning to the facts of the present case, the Judge had found that the
statement of fact relating to MINDEF deliberately delaying the court
proceedings as part of an effort to wage a “war of attrition” against
MobileStats was, on a balance of probabilities, false (at [54] of the
Judgment). The statement of fact is derived from two separate comments made by
Dr Ting, one of which related to MINDEF being dilatory in finding an expert
witness and the other to MINDEF asking for a 10-day trial not because this was
needed but in order to cause Dr Ting to incur greater costs at trial. In my
judgment, the statement of fact relating to MINDEF having conducted court
proceedings in an oppressive manner is serious in that it implies that MINDEF
had acted in bad faith and leveraged on its financial resources to “drag” out
the proceedings, forcing Dr Ting to give up and in this way to prevent the law
from taking its course. In this light, I would disagree with the Judge as to
the seriousness of the statement made against MINDEF. The Judge found that the
allegation was a relatively minor one which only concerned a rather narrow
aspect of MINDEF’s conduct – its litigation strategy (at [56] of the
Judgment).

127 In my judgment, Dr Ting’s comments would convey to a reader and viewer
that MINDEF had conducted itself in a dishonest manner, both in general and to
the court in particular, when making requests for adjournments or trial dates
as it did not in actual fact require the additional time it sought. The
following excerpts of Dr Ting’s interview in my view demonstrate the
seriousness of the falsehood alleged and what it conveys to a reader or viewer
about MINDEF’s identity or reputation:

TOC: Subsequently you had to drop the case. After that you also spoke to some
of your, some lawyers and can you share with us what is it that they said
about your chances of winning the case?

Dr Ting: The word they used is called a ‘war of attrition’. Ok, the war of
attrition. Basically they make you dry. Drag you dry. And we of course are
naïve and innocent to the whole thing. when we went ahead for the court case,
it was only after two years, because MINDEF has said that they could not
locate and find an expert witness and they keep postponing. …

During this period, MINDEF asked for, or the lawyers from MINDEF asked for a
10-day trial, not a 5-day, which we already finished in one-and-a-half day,
but they asked for a 10-day trial. 10-day trial basically means that the
actual costs would go up, would escalate.

…

So this basically means that, they also know, why they want to drag for 10
days, is a war of attrition. They basically drag us dry. So we are unable to
financially fight them. …

128 As noted by the Judge (at [57] of the Judgment), The Online Citizen did
publish MINDEF’s Facebook statement in full and provided a prominent link to
MINDEF’s statement from the article containing Dr Ting’s video interview. But
this was insufficient in my judgment to draw attention to the falsehood and
the true facts in the present case. The nub of the appellant’s complaint is
the false statement that MINDEF was conducting the litigation in a manner that
was oppressive to Dr Ting. This was untrue for the simple reason that the
litigation involving Dr Ting was in fact controlled not by MINDEF but by its
contractor. The link provided to MINDEF’s Facebook statement was only
sufficient insofar as it drew the reader’s attention to MINDEF’s account of
the allegations relating to MINDEF infringing MobileStats’ patent, but did not
contain adequate information which would be able to correct or clarify the
false statement made by Dr Ting relating to MINDEF conducting a “war of
attrition” against MobileStats in the court proceedings to take advantage of
the fact that MobileStats would not be able to have the financial means to
continue the lawsuit. The Online Citizen’s actions in providing a hyperlink to
MINDEF’s Facebook statement was therefore inadequate to draw attention to the
true facts concerning the manner in which MINDEF conducted itself in the
litigation involving Dr Ting.

129 In my judgment, in these circumstances, especially in the light of the
seriousness of the false statement made which implied bad faith and dishonesty
on the part of its intended subject, MINDEF, and that the order to publish a
notice saying that the statement has been adjudged to be false is such a low-
level restriction, I consider it just and equitable to grant the following s
15 order:

(a) No person shall publish or continue to publish the statements found at
[127] of this Judgment, unless that person publishes, together with the
statements, the following notification:

Statements herein which state and/or suggest to the reader that MINDEF waged a
‘war of attrition’ against Mobilestats, by deliberately delaying the court
proceedings in Suit 619 of 2011 and asking for more trial dates than
necessary, thereby increasing legal costs, have since been declared by the
Singapore Courts to be false.

130 In conclusion, given that I have found that the Government does fall
within the scope of “person” under s 15, it is able to apply under the
provision for relief. On the facts of the present case, and in particular in
the light of the seriousness of the false statement made, in my judgment, it
is just and equitable to grant the s 15 order sought by the appellant. I would
therefore allow the appeals with costs here and below to the appellant, and
make an order in the terms set out in the preceding paragraph.

Sundaresh Menon  
Chief Justice

Hui Choon Kuen, Lam Qian Yi, Debra and Tan Zhongshan (Attorney-General’s
Chambers) for the appellant;  
Choo Zheng Xi and Lee Hong Jet Jason (Peter Low LLC) for the respondent in
Civil Appeal No 26 of 2016;  
Eugene Thuraisingam, Suang Wijaya and Gavin Tan (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the respondents in Civil Appeal No 27 of 2016.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

