Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 180

Suit No 350 of 2014  
(Summonses Nos 940 and 987 of 2017)

Between

Comptroller of Income Tax  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| ARW  
---|---  
(2)| ARX  
  
… Defendants

judgment

[Constitutional Law] — [Attorney-General] — [Role]  
[Civil Procedure] — [Parties] — [Joinder]

[Civil Procedure] — [Further arguments] — [Extension of time]  
[Civil Procedure] — [Further arguments] — [Further evidence]  
[Civil Procedure] — [Privileges] — [Inspection by the court]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Comptroller of Income Tax

  

v

  

ARW and another

  

(Attorney-General, intervener)

[2017] SGHC 180

High Court — Suit No 350 of 2014 (Summonses Nos 940 and 987 of 2017)  
Aedit Abdullah JC  
25, 26 April 2017

25 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Aedit Abdullah JC:

Introduction

1 Following an earlier decision of this Court granting the 1st Defendant’s
application for discovery against the Plaintiff of various categories of
documents, the Plaintiff sought leave to: (a) request for further arguments
out of time, and (b) adduce further affidavits as evidence in support of those
further arguments. In addition, the Attorney-General (“the AG”) sought leave
to intervene in the summonses for discovery, further arguments, further
evidence, and all related applications and appeals. Having heard and
considered the arguments, I allow the AG’s application to intervene. I also
allow the Plaintiff’s application for an extension of time to request further
arguments, and part of his application to adduce further evidence in support
thereof.

Background

2 In Summons No 1465 of 2015, the 1st Defendant sought discovery of various
documents relating to an investigatory audit conducted by the Plaintiff’s
officers against the 1st Defendant and a related company (“the Discovery
Application”). The Plaintiff resisted the application primarily on the basis
of legal professional privilege, invoking both legal advice privilege and
litigation privilege. On 31 January 2017, I issued a judgment granting
discovery, finding that neither legal advice privilege nor litigation
privilege was made out: see Comptroller of Income Tax v ARW and another [2017]
SGHC 16 (“the Judgment”). In the course of the discussion in the Judgment, it
was mentioned (at [52]) that the Plaintiff’s real claim appeared to be a form
of privilege protecting the fruits of the audit, review and related internal
discussions conducted by law enforcement agencies, but that the Plaintiff had
not invoked either s 125 or s 126 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“EA”), and that neither would seem in any event to be made out.

3 On 9 February 2017, following the release of my judgment in respect of the
Discovery Application, the Plaintiff filed an application for leave to appeal,
vide, Summons No 661 of 2017 (“the Leave to Appeal Application”). On 27
February 2017, the Plaintiff filed a Notice of Change of Solicitor. The newly
appointed solicitors later informed the Court that they would take over
conduct of only this discovery application and all related applications and
appeals; the substantive matter remains in the conduct of the former
solicitors.

4 On 1 March 2017, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 940 of 2017, in which it
sought leave to file its request for further arguments in the Discovery
Application out of time, and to adduce two affidavits in support of the
Discovery Application and the Leave to Appeal Application (“the Further
Arguments Application”). The further arguments sought to be made related to:
(a) public interest privilege under s 126(2) of the EA, (b) official secrecy
under s 6(3) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“ITA”), and (c)
legal professional privilege. The two affidavits are from: (a) Mr Tan Tee How,
who is the Commissioner of Inland Revenue, the Chief Executive Officer of the
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (“IRAS”) and the Comptroller of Income
Tax, deposing to the injury and prejudice that would be caused to the public
interest if disclosure of the documents concerned were to be ordered, and (b)
Ms Christina Ng Sor Hua (“Ms Ng”), an officer of the IRAS, providing the
background facts relating to the internal audits previously conducted by IRAS
in relation to the Defendants’ tax avoidance arrangements.

5 On 3 March 2017, the AG filed Summons No 987 of 2017 for leave to intervene
in the Discovery Application, the Leave to Appeal Application, the Further
Arguments Application, and all related applications and appeals (“the
Intervention Application”). The main thrust of its application was that the
AG, as the guardian of the public interest, is obliged and entitled to
intervene in these applications to argue its position on the issue of public
interest privilege.

6 The various matters created a knot of inter-related applications. The better
view may be that, putting aside the Leave to Appeal Application, the
Intervention Application must be logically subsequent to the Further Arguments
Application: if there are no further arguments, there would be nothing to
intervene in. But the AG also sought to be joined in the Further Arguments
Application on the basis that it had an obligation and entitlement to protect
the public interest and thus desired the further arguments to be made. One
option would have been to leave matters to the Court of Appeal. However, in
the interests of efficiency, I considered that it would be best to cut this
Gordian knot by taking all the matters – aside from the Leave to Appeal
Application – in hand at the same time. Otherwise, taking the matters in a
sequential manner as described above, while logical, would prolong these
interlocutory proceedings in a suit that had itself arisen out of even earlier
litigation (see Comptroller of Income Tax v AQQ and another appeal [2014] 2
SLR 847).

Issue 1: The Intervention Application

7 Taking first the Intervention Application, the contention was primarily
between the AG and the 1st Defendant; the Plaintiff did not take issue with
the intervention.

The AG’s arguments

8 The AG clarifies that it does not seek to intervene in the suit proper, but
merely in the three discovery-related interlocutory applications filed in this
suit and related applications or appeals. The AG’s primary concern is to be
heard on the issue of public interest privilege under s 126 of the EA.
According to the AG, its role as the guardian of the public interest entitles
and obliges it to intervene in private litigation where issues of public
interest are at stake. In particular, as Parliament has expressly recognised,
the AG has a unique responsibility with respect to public interest privilege
and the operation of s 126 of the EA.

9 In respect of the issue of standing to intervene in private litigation, the
AG argues that it is entitled to do so if issues of public interest are at
stake, citing a series of English cases: Attorney-General v Blake [1998] 2 WLR
805; Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers and Others [1978] AC 435; Adams v
Adams [1970] 3 WLR 934; Rio Tinto Zinc Corporation and Others v Westinghouse
Electric Corporation [1978] AC 547.

10 In particular, the AG has a “unique responsibility” in respect of the law
on public interest privilege: R v Chief Constable of West Midlands Police, Ex
parte Wiley [1995] 1 AC 274 (“ex p Wiley”) at 287H. This responsibility
entailed a legal entitlement and duty on the part of the AG to intervene in
proceedings where it is in the public interest for confidentiality of the
relevant documents to be safeguarded. In England, a Minister of the Crown is
recognised as being the most appropriate person to assert this public
interest: R v Lewes Justices, Ex parte Secretary of State for Home Department
[1973] AC 388 (“R v Lewes Justices”). Further, where injury to the public
interest could arise from disclosure and the Crown is not a party, the court
should give the Attorney-General an opportunity to intervene before disclosure
is ordered: Burmah Oil Co Ltd v Governor and Company of the Bank of England
and Another [1980] AC 1090 (“Burmah Oil”). In Singapore, speeches at the
Second Reading of the Evidence (Amendment) Bill in 2003 which considered the
enactment of the present s 126 showed that Parliament contemplated a central
role for the AG, as the custodian of the public interest, in the assertion of
public interest privilege.

11 On the facts, the AG’s intervention is appropriate. The documents concerned
are the internal tax assessment and investigatory audit documents created by
the officials of the IRAS in the course of their official duties. There has
not been any determinative ruling by local courts on the availability of
public interest privilege in such a situation. The Court’s interpretation of s
126 will affect not only IRAS but also the Government and other organisations
operating under the Official Secrets Act (Cap 213, 2012 Rev Ed). Furthermore,
the AG, who assessed the documents only after the release of the Judgment, has
concluded that public interest would be injured by the disclosure of the
documents concerned, and should thus be heard on the matter.

12 In respect of the Court’s power to allow an intervention, the relevant
provisions here are O 15 r 6(2)(b) and O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). Under O 15 r 6(2)(b), the Court has a wide
discretion, which should be exercised with the aim of allowing all those
having a legitimate interest in the subject matter of the proceedings to have
the opportunity to be heard: Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping and others [2006] 3
SLR(R) 881 at [40]. As the AG has the responsibility of safeguarding the
public interest, the issue of whether public interest privilege applies must
be determined not just between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant, but also in
respect of the AG. Therefore, allowing the intervention will ensure that all
interested parties are heard at the same time on the same issue. This would
allow for an effectual and complete determination and adjudication (O 15 r
6(2)(b)(i)), and would be just and convenient (O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii)).
Intervention can also be ordered by the Court through the exercise of its
inherent powers under O 92 r 4.

13 In respect of the scope of the proposed intervention, the AG submits that
it is appropriate to seek intervention in the Discovery Application, the
Further Arguments Application, and the Leave to Appeal Application, as they
are all applications that may touch on the assertion of public interest
privilege. An amendment was also sought to clarify that the AG may, if
necessary, file any application or appeal with regard to these applications.

The 1st Defendant’s arguments

14 The 1st Defendant’s arguments focus primarily on the purported non-
satisfaction of O 15 r 6(2)(b) and O 92 r 4 of the ROC, though it does
question whether the proposed intervention fell within the AG’s powers under
Article 35 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed)
(“the Constitution”).

15 The Defendant argues that the grounds under O 15 r 6(2)(b) are not made
out. Under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i), intervention is allowed where the intervener
ought to have been joined or his presence is necessary for the effectual and
complete adjudication of the matter. This will be the case where the rights or
liabilities of the intervener will be directly affected by any order which may
be made: Pegang Mining Co Ltd v Choong Sam & Ors [1969] 2 MLJ 52 (“Pegang”).
On the facts, significant obstacles arise with respect to the AG’s
application:

(a) First, the AG has no role to play in the Further Arguments Application.
Any explanation of the delay in raising the relevant arguments is for the
Plaintiff to make. This is not a full determination of the merits and the AG’s
participation is not necessary. The AG also has little to comment on the
prejudice caused to the 1st Defendant. The same concerns apply in relation to
the question of whether further evidence should be permitted: it is for the
Plaintiff to make out a persuasive case.

(b) Secondly, the necessity of an intervention will not be made out if a party
to the proceedings has brought the claim at the direction of the intervener,
or if the intervener has control over that party’s prosecution of the
litigation: White v London Transport and Another [1971] 2 QB 721 (“White v
London”). Thus, the AG need not be joined since he has and will continue to
have control over the arguments put forward by the Plaintiff, and he is not
seeking to protect any interest which the Plaintiff is not already seeking to
protect.

(c) Thirdly and relatedly, there is no necessity to allow the AG’s
intervention on the facts as there is no risk of a multiplicity of proceedings
and no question of general principle that would apply across the board to all
governmental organisations.

16 The alternative ground under O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) permits intervention where
there is a question related to the relief or remedy claimed that involves the
intervener, and the Court thinks it just and convenient to allow an
intervention: Attorney-General v Aljunied-Hougang-Punggol East Town Council
[2016] 1 SLR 915 (“AHPETC”). The 1st Defendant submits that this has not been
satisfied for the following reasons:

(a) First, if an existing party sufficiently represents parties with the same
interest, another such party with the same interest will not be allowed to be
joined: De Hart v Stevenson (1876) 1 QB 313 (“De Hart”). Here, the Plaintiff
sufficiently represents the AG’s and the public’s interests.

(b) Secondly, the question in which the intervener has an interest must have
already arisen; a potential question or issue does not suffice: Spelling
Goldberg Productions Inc v BPC Publishing Ltd [1981] RPC 280 (“Spelling
Goldberg”). Thus, until such time as the further arguments and further
evidence are properly before the Court, the AG has no right, standing, or
basis to be heard.

(c) Thirdly, it would not be just and equitable for intervention to be allowed
given the lateness of the application, the absence of new facts that have
emerged necessitating the application, and the inconvenience and prejudice
that may be caused to the 1st Defendant: Chan Kern Miang v Kea Resources Pte
Ltd [1998] 2 SLR(R) 85 (“Chan Kern Miang”); Lim Seng Wah and another v Han
Meng Siew and others [2016] SGHC 177.

17 In respect of the Court’s inherent powers under O 92 r 4, the 1st Defendant
submitted that the Court should only exercise such powers to allow an
intervention if serious hardship, difficulty or danger would follow if the
intervention is not allowed; the touchstone is necessity and the mere absence
of prejudice is not sufficient: Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of
Singapore [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 (“Wee Soon Kim”). On the facts, there is no
basis to allow the intervention. The Plaintiff will fully protect the AG’s
interests as far as public interest privilege is concerned – they seek to
raise largely the same arguments, and if the AG would like to make further
points or emphasize particular issues, the AG may as the Plaintiff’s legal
adviser ensure that this is done. Cases such as R v Lewes Justices ([10]
supra) by the House of Lords and Sankey v Whitlam and others (1978) 21 ALR 505
(“Sankey”) by the High Court of Australia may also be distinguished.

18 Finally, the 1st Defendant submitted that the AG’s arguments that he should
be permitted to intervene as the guardian of the public interest cannot be
accepted here as he is not seeking to act in his capacity as an independent,
non-partisan guardian. Rather, the AG is the Plaintiff’s legal adviser and is
seeking to intervene to support the Plaintiff’s case. There is, therefore, no
need to allow the AG to rehash the same arguments and permit the Plaintiff to
have two sets of lawyers argue the same application to its benefit.

The decision

Standing of the AG to intervene

19 An intervener must establish his standing to make a particular claim or
assert a right that is the basis for intervention: see Singapore Civil
Procedure 2017 vol 1 (Foo Chee Hock gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2017)
(“Singapore Civil Procedure”) at para 15/6/9. In almost all cases, no
difficulty arises where private persons or similar entities are concerned:
their standing to assert rights or interests that sufficiently relate to the
subject matter of the action in which intervention is sought would generally
not be in doubt; issues that arise focus on the substantive question of
whether intervention should be permitted. Similarly, in public law matters,
the standing of the AG to intervene is not usually in question. But where, as
in the present case, the AG seeks to intervene in a civil suit based on
private law rights, his role and standing is not immediately apparent and must
be properly established.

20 I find that the AG has established sufficient standing, though for
different reasons from those relied upon by the AG in submissions.

21 The starting point of the analysis of the AG’s standing and powers must be
Article 35 of the Constitution, the salient parts of which read as follows:

Attorney-General

35.—(1) …

…

(7) It shall be the duty of the Attorney-General to advise the Government upon
such legal matters and to perform such other duties of a legal character, as
may from time to time be referred or assigned to him by the President or the
Cabinet and to discharge the functions conferred on him by or under this
Constitution or any other written law.

(8) The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

(9) In the performance of his duties, the Attorney-General shall have the
right of audience in, and shall take precedence over any other person
appearing before, any court or tribunal in Singapore.

22 Apart from the above, there are no other articles under the Constitution
that expressly confer any other role or power upon the AG.

23 In terms of legislation, there are various provisions conferring express
roles and powers on the AG, such as s 19 of the Government Proceedings Act
(Cap 121, 1985 Rev Ed), the Attorney-General (Additional Functions) Act 2014
(No 25 of 2014), and ss 24 and 25 of the Charities Act (Cap 37, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“Charities Act”). It is also of note that express rights of intervention by
the AG are conferred under various provisions such as s 46 of the Charities
Act, s 97 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed), r 84 of the Family
Justice Rules 2014 (No S 813 of 2014), and s 63 of the Industrial Relations
Act (Cap 136, 2004 Rev Ed). Further, the AG performs a number of functions not
expressly granted by statute, such as the protection of the administration of
justice through actions for contempt: Aurol Anthony Sabastian v Sembcorp
Marine Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 246. For the avoidance of doubt, the AG’s powers and
duties qua the Public Prosecutor are not relevant to the present case.

24 The AG relies on three English cases involving the exercise of Crown
prerogatives in support of the proposition that the AG is entitled and indeed
obliged, at common law, to intervene in discovery applications to assert
public interest privilege.

25 The first case is R v Lewes Justices ([10] supra). Here, the applicant
applied to the Gaming Board for gaming licenses but was refused. Believing
that his application was thwarted by a letter written about him to the board
by the assistant chief constable, the applicant sued the assistant chief
constable in criminal libel. He obtained witness summonses against the chief
constable and representatives of the board, requiring them to produce, inter
alia, this said letter. The Attorney-General sought a quashing order to set
aside the summonses on the ground of public interest privilege. The House of
Lords held that public interest required that the letter should not be
disclosed. Various statements were also made about the propriety of a Minister
or the Attorney-General intervening to assert this privilege in the public
interest. In this regard, Lord Reid stated (at 400E–F) that:

A Minister of the Crown is always an appropriate and often the most
appropriate person to assert this public interest, and the evidence or advice
which he gives to the court is always valuable and may sometimes be
indispensable. But, in my view, it must always be open to any person
interested to raise the question and there may be cases where the trial judge
should himself raise the question if no one else has done so. In the present
case the question of public interest was raised by both the Attorney-General
and the Gaming Board. In my judgment both were entitled to raise the matter.

Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest also observed (at 405A–B) that:

It has never been doubted that there are certain documents and certain classes
of documents the production of which for reasons of the public interest should
not be ordered by a court … The court will sometimes have to assess where the
balance lies as between competing aspects of the public interest. There will
often be cases where a Minister of the Crown has very special knowledge
concerning the public interest and a court can as a result be greatly helped
if it is informed of the views of the Minister. There will be many situations
in which some aspect of the public interest can most helpfully be drawn to the
attention of a court by a law officer.

Lord Pearson added (at 405H–406B) as follows:

It seems to me that the proper procedure is that which has been followed, I
think consistently, in recent times. The objection to disclosure of the
document or information is taken by the Attorney-General or his representative
on behalf of the appropriate Minister, that is to say, the political head of
the government department within whose sphere of responsibility the matter
arises, and the objection is expressed in or supported by a certificate from
the appropriate Minister. This procedure has several advantages … (3) The
Attorney-General is consulted and has opportunities of promoting uniformity
both in the decision of such questions and in the formulation of the grounds
on which the objections are taken.

Lord Simon of Glaisdale also stated (at 407E–G) the following:

In all these cases a Minister of the Crown is likely to be in a peculiarly
favourable position to form a judgment as to the public prejudice of forensic
publication; and the communication of his view is likely to be of assistance
to the court in performing its duty of ruling on the admissibility of
evidence. Moreover, for reasons stated by my noble and learned friend, Lord
Pearson, there are advantages in processing the matter through the Law
Officers’ Department; and the Attorney-General is traditionally the person
entitled to intervene in a suit where the prerogatives of the Crown are
affected … although there is no prerogative in itself to exclude evidence,
certain evidence may affect the prerogative (e.g. of diplomatic relations or
as the fount of honour).

Finally, Lord Salmon observed (at 412A–C) that:

… when it is in the public interest that confidentiality shall be safeguarded,
then the party from whom the confidential document or the confidential
information is being sought may lawfully refuse it. In such a case the Crown
may also intervene to prevent production or disclosure of that which in the
public interest ought to be protected … When a document or information of the
kind to which I have referred is in the possession of a government department
it is the duty rather than the privilege of the Minister to refuse its
disclosure. When such a document or information is in the possession of a
third party, again it is the duty rather than the privilege of the executive
through the Attorney-General to intervene in the public interest to prevent
its disclosure.

26 The second case of Burmah Oil ([10] supra) concerned a sale of shares by an
oil company to the Bank of England. Soon after the sale, the company sued the
bank, seeking a declaration that the sale had been unconscionable and an order
obligating the bank to transfer the shares concerned back to the company. When
the company sought an order for discovery of all documents held by the bank
relevant to the issues pleaded, the Attorney-General intervened and objected
on grounds of public interest privilege: some of the documents related to the
formulation of ministerial policies in reaction to an international oil
crisis. The majority of the House of Lords found that public interest
privilege applied. Lord Scarman opined that given the risk of serious injury
from an erroneous trial judgment on the issue of public interest privilege,
the Minister should be given a right to appeal, or the Attorney-General should
be given an opportunity to intervene, prior to the production of the documents
concerned (at 1146H–1147B):

Something was made in argument about the risk to the nation or the public
service of an error at first instance. Injury to the public interest – perhaps
even very serious injury – could be done by production of documents which
should be immune from disclosure before an appellate court could correct the
error … I would respectfully agree with Lord Reid’s observation on the point
in Conway v Rimmer [1968] AC 910, 953D: “… it is important that the minister
should have a right to appeal before the document is produced.”

In cases where the Crown is not a party – as in the present case – the court
should ensure that the Attorney-General has an opportunity to intervene before
disclosure is ordered.

27 The third authority relied on is ex p Wiley ([10] supra). In this case, two
accused persons filed complaints against police officers under Part IX of the
Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c 60) (UK) (“PCEA”), which contained a
code for investigating complaints against the police. Concurrently, these
accused persons brought civil actions against the police for malicious
prosecution and false imprisonment. Considering it unfair that the police
could use information obtained in the investigations of their complaints in
the civil proceedings whereas they could not themselves do so, the accused
persons declined to give any statements in support of their complaints unless
the police undertook not to use the documents generated in the course of
investigations in the civil proceedings. The police declined to provide the
undertaking. The accused persons thus sought, inter alia, an injunction
restraining the police from making use of those documents in the civil
proceedings. The House of Lords unanimously held that there was no general
class-based public interest immunity on all documents generated by an
investigation into a complaint against the police under the PCEA. Of relevance
is an observation in Lord Woolf’s judgment, in which all the other Law Lords
joined, which commented on the Attorney-General’s refusal to intervene and
state a position in that case (at 287):

At the opening of the appeal, Mr Pannick informed their Lordships that the
Attorney-General, although he was aware of the new position being adopted by
the authority, did not wish to intervene to advance a different argument
before their Lordships.

…

There is force in Mr Pannick’s argument that their Lordships should adopt a
restrictive approach to the issues before them. Questions as to the scope and
impact of public immunity are controversial at the present time. Any views
expressed on these subjects by their Lordships’ House are therefore likely to
be regarded as being of considerable significance. As a result of the parties
being agreed on the outcome of these appeals, their Lordships have been
deprived of the advantage of hearing adversarial debate on the principal
issue. There has also not been the advantage of hearing argument on behalf of
the Attorney-General who, in his capacity as the guardian of the public
interest, rather than in his role as the legal adviser to the government, has
a unique responsibility in this area of the law.

28 In addition, the Court’s attention was also drawn to the case of Sankey
([17] supra), where the High Court of Australia found that “crown privilege”,
or public interest privilege in the common term, did not apply and thus
ordered the production of certain cabinet and governmental documents. Gibbs
ACJ opined (at 529–530):

In view of the danger to which the indiscriminate disclosure of documents of
this class might give rise, it is desirable that the government concerned,
Commonwealth or State, should have an opportunity to intervene and be heard
before any order for disclosure is made. Moreover no such order should be
enforced until the government concerned has had an opportunity to appeal
against it, or test its correctness by some other process, if it wishes to do
so …

29 While the AG’s submission premised on the common law has its attractions,
particularly the availability of a body of case law in England to which
reference may be made, in my view, caution has to be exercised for two
reasons.

30 First, the English cases appear to premise the Attorney-General’s (or the
relevant Crown Minister’s) standing and power to intervene on the concept of
Crown prerogatives. At its core, this concept refers to the powers of the
reigning Monarch that may be exercised without the consent of the Parliament.
In modern times, the law and practice in Britain has evolved such that
Government Ministers exercise the bulk of the prerogative powers, either in
their own right, or through the advice they provide to the Monarch (see United
Kingdom, Ministry of Justice, The Governance of Britain Review of the
Executive Royal Prerogative Powers: Final Report (2009) at para 25). The
prerogative in question is, therefore, that of the Crown, and through the
Crown, the Ministers. In the words of Blackstone, these prerogatives are
powers of an exclusive nature which the Crown enjoys alone (William
Blackstone, Commentaries on the Laws of England (Oxford Clarendon Press, 1765)
at Book 1, Chapter 7, p 232):

By the word ‘prerogative’ we usually understand that special pre-eminence
which the King hath over and above all other persons, and out of the ordinary
course of the common law, in right of his royal dignity. It signifies …
something that is required or demanded before, or in preference to, all
others. And hence it follows, that it must be in its nature singular and
eccentrical; that it can only be applied to those rights and capacities which
the King enjoys alone …

31 Blackstone’s definition, while perhaps not without its detractors, was
quoted in Joseph Chitty, A Treatise on the Law of the Prerogatives of the
Crown; and the Relative Duties and Rights of the Subject (Butterworth, 1820)
(at p 4). Chitty further opined as follows (at pp 3–4):

As supreme executive magistrate, the King possesses, subject to the law of the
land, exclusive, deliberative, and more decided, more extensive, and more
discretionary rights and powers. These are wisely placed in a single hand by
the British constitution, for the sake of unanimity, strength, and dispatch …
The King of England is therefore not only the chief, but properly the sole,
magistrate of the nation; all others acting by commission from, and in due
subordination to him.

32 Similar views were expressed by the House of Lords in Attorney-General v De
Keyser’s Royal Hotel, Limited [1920] AC 508, where it was said that the “Royal
Prerogative implies a privilege of the Crown of a special and exclusive
character” (at 571–572, per Lord Parmoor). There was consideration of the
Crown’s prerogative powers recently in R (Miller and another) v Secretary of
State for Exiting the European Union [2017] UKSC 5, but that case does not
touch the present concerns here.

33 In this regard, the English cases cited by the AG appear to suggest that
the Attorney-General’s (or the relevant Crown Minister’s) standing to
intervene to assert public interest privilege is premised on the concept of
Crown prerogatives. Before the phrase “public interest privilege” came into
prominence, the doctrine was termed “Crown privilege” and the entitlement or
duty to intervene has often been said to be of the Crown or the Ministers of
the Crown: see eg, Lord Reid, R v Lewes Justices ([10] supra) at 400D–F,
quoted by Lord Woolf in ex p Wiley ([10] supra) at 290G–291C. Indeed, some of
the dicta may be taken to suggest that the reason for the intervention should
itself be the protection of the Crown prerogative. As Lord Simon of Glaisdale
stated in R v Lewes Justices (at 407F–G), “the Attorney-General is
traditionally the person entitled to intervene in a suit where the
prerogatives of the Crown are affected … although there is no prerogative in
itself to exclude evidence, certain evidence may affect the prerogative (e.g.,
of diplomatic relations or as the fount of honour)”.

34 While relying on prerogative cases is attractive and understandable because
of the ready availability of English case law and English legal learning, the
concept of the Crown prerogative is not easily transposed into a system with a
written constitution. There are some prerogative powers that are imported into
or referenced in Singapore’s Constitution, including the prerogative of
clemency (as provided for in Art 22P, considered in Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-
General [2011] 2 SLR 1189). But other than such instances, it is questionable
whether the concept of prerogatives should be resorted to except by analogy,
and even then only in a carefully considered manner (see eg, The Sahand and
other applications [2011] 2 SLR 1093 at [30]–[35]). Under our Constitution,
power and responsibility are divided amongst the three branches of Government:
the Executive, the Legislature and the Judiciary. There may be powers that are
inherent or implicit in the exercise of powers or responsibilities by specific
branches of government under the Constitution. The Executive, for instance,
would be taken to have the ability to delegate the exercise of administrative
powers and to exercise discretion; the Legislature will have the power to
regulate the conduct of its business and members; and the Judiciary will need
to have powers to manage cases and ensure that there is no abuse of the
machinery of justice. Where there is possible overlap, the Constitution will
need to be construed to determine the proper scope of these powers. The
respective roles of the three branches will undoubtedly be of great import in
this determination and it is probable that on many matters there will be
deference to the discretion and efficiency required for the proper functioning
of the Executive, or to recognise the popular mandate given to the
Legislature. But it would to my mind be a mistake to regard this process as
involving the determination of the nature, scope, or content of prerogative
rights, which arose in a system of government different from our own.

35 I should emphasise that there may not be any significant difference in
result between reasoning based on the prerogative powers and that based on the
Constitution; the outcome may largely be the same, whether in relation to the
Executive or the Legislature, whatever the basis for the power may be found to
be. This may thus appear to be a technical point, but it is conceptually odd
to refer to prerogative powers within our constitutional context. Prerogative
power cases may in some situations be invoked to provide an analogy, but
paramount consideration should always be had to our constitutional language
and framework. Fifty years after the founding of the Republic, it is essential
that the doctrinal basis for the powers and responsibilities of the various
branches of Government is established on autochthonous constitutional grounds,
informed by our national circumstances.

36 The second reason for caution in the direct transposition of English cases
is the different nature of the offices of the Attorneys-General in the two
jurisdictions. While the Attorney-General in England & Wales is a Minister of
the Crown, the AG in Singapore is not. The AG is a member of the executive
branch of the Government; neither is his office a political office nor does he
have to be a Member of Parliament: Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol 1
(LexisNexis, 2017 Reissue) (“Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore”) at para 10.651.
Indeed, the AG in Singapore is a holder of a constitutional office. In that
office, the AG does not act as an agent or servant of any sovereign; he acts
in the performance of his constitutional functions, including matters assigned
to him or her by the President and cabinet. It has been observed in Parliament
that “in Singapore, the Attorney-General is a professional, not a political
office holder, like in some countries”: Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (13 March 2003) vol 76 at col 665 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee,
Senior Minister of State for Law); see also Tan Boon Teik, “The Attorney-
General” [1988] 2 MLJ lviii; Her Majesty’s Stationery Office, Report of the
Federation of Malaya Constitutional Commission (11 February 1957) at para 127
(Chairman: Lord William Reid).

37 Returning to an analysis of the Constitution, while the office of the AG
may not have started off in this way, its present nature and incidents of its
power are controlled and circumscribed by the language and framework of the
Constitution. In that regard, the constitutional role of the AG envisaged by
Art 35(7) is very broad. Leaving aside those of an advisory nature or which
are conferred by written law, the AG is charged with performing “such other
duties of a legal character, as may from time to time be referred or assigned
to him by the President or the Cabinet”. As it is not expressed that such
referral or assignment be performed or signified in any particular way, the
duties – and the necessary powers to give effect to such duties – can be
inferred in the absence of any contrary intention either in statute or other
Presidential or Governmental action.

38 The present application relates to an intervention in a private litigation
to assert public interest privilege contained in s 126(2) of the EA. For
context, s 126 of the EA is reproduced as follows:

Official communications

126.—(1) No public officer shall be compelled to disclose communications made
to him in official confidence when he considers that the public interest would
suffer by the disclosure.

(2) No person who is a member, an officer or an employee of, or who is
seconded to, any organisation specified in the Schedule to the Official
Secrets Act (Cap. 213) shall be compelled to disclose communications made to
him in official confidence when he considers that the public interest would
suffer by the disclosure.

39 I accept that, as part of the AG’s responsibilities contemplated in Art
35(7) of the Constitution, the AG has a duty to intervene, even in private
litigation, to assert and state its position as to the issue of public
interest privilege under s 126 of the EA. In order to give effect to this
duty, the AG must be conferred the requisite standing to intervene where it
considers appropriate.

40 This position is consistent with the role of the AG as the guardian of the
public interest. This role is reflected in the numerous statutory provisions
providing for the AG’s responsibilities and powers in relation, inter alia, to
crime, charities, families and public nuisance (see above at [23]). It is also
the basis of the procedure of relator actions, where in recognition of the AG
as “the protector and defender of the public interest”, a member of the public
may sue in the name of the AG for violation of public rights or interests
(Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore at para 10.653.2). While that is a case
concerning standing in public law cases, some support may also be drawn from
the Court of Appeal’s dictum in Jeyaretnam Kenneth Andrew v Attorney-General
[2014] 1 SLR 345 at [35] that, in modern times, “the Attorney-General’s role
[has] expanded beyond the context of charitable trusts to protecting the
public interest generally whenever a public authority exceeded its statutory
powers by some act that tended to interfere with public rights and so injure
the public” [emphasis in original] (see also Deepak Sharma v Law Society of
Singapore [2017] SGCA 43 (“Deepak Sharma”) at [34]–[37]). Indeed, there has
recently been express recognition in Parliament of the AG’s role as the
guardian of the public interest (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (3 March 2017) vol 94 at Committee of Supply – Head B (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) (Ms Indranee Rajah, Senior Minister of State for Law).

41 Further, I accept that, by analogy, the authorities cited such as ex p
Wiley ([10] supra) and Sankey ([17] supra) point to the AG in Singapore having
the requisite standing to intervene in matters involving public interest
privilege under s 126 of the EA. There is no other person who or institution
which is in the position to perform this role.

42 I also accept, as Lord Pearson opined in R v Lewes Justices ([10] supra) at
406B–C, that such interventions, if permitted, have the benefit “of promoting
uniformity both in the decision of such questions and in the formulation of
the grounds on which the objections are taken”.

43 Finally, the extension of public interest privilege in s 126(2) of the EA
to statutory bodies does not rob the AG of that role. While statutory bodies
may have their own rights and interests, the AG would have the responsibility
of protecting the overall interest, and any separate interest, of the
Government. Even where there is an assertion of such an interest by the
statutory body, the Government would have, at the very least, a broader
interest than that of the statutory body in question. This stems from the fact
that the Government is responsible for the position of all the government
departments, as well as all statutory bodies ultimately answerable to it.

44 Turning now to the 1st Defendant’s arguments, an attempt was made to
distinguish the cases cited by the AG on the ground that the issue of public
interest privilege was “front and centre” before the courts there, whereas the
Further Arguments Application not having been granted here, there is no
certainty that this issue would become a live one. This distinction cannot be
sustained. If disclosure of the documents concerned would be injurious to the
public interest, it would be so whether or not the issue of public interest
privilege had already been brought to the attention of the Court. Indeed,
given the potentially serious and irreparable harm to the public interest that
may be caused by an imprudent disclosure (see Burmah Oil ([10] supra) at
1146H), it would be all the more important that the AG be conferred standing
and power to intervene and raise the issue for consideration if the parties
had not themselves done so. The 1st Defendant’s position would lead to a
peculiar situation where the AG must hold his hand until one of the parties
raises the issue of public interest privilege, or be precluded from
intervening at all if no party takes the point. That cannot be. Sankey ([17]
supra), which was an authority cited by the 1st Defendant, also appears to be
a case in which the issue of public interest privilege was only brought to the
attention of the Court by the counsel for the Commonwealth, who was then
permitted to intervene (at 510).

45 In fairness, the 1st Defendant appears to concede a theoretical possibility
that the AG may intervene if he is satisfied that it is in the public interest
to do so, whether or not parties had raised the point. However, the 1st
Defendant argues that the AG should not be permitted to intervene in this case
since the Plaintiff had himself not taken the point at the first instance; to
permit the AG’s intervention would thus be to allow the Plaintiff a backdoor
to make further arguments. I do not agree. In principle, the AG’s standing and
power to intervene should not be contingent on the conduct of the parties in
the litigation. Whether the issue of public interest privilege is raised, not
raised, belatedly raised, or inappropriately raised by the parties, the AG
remains entitled to intervene to make its position clear.

46 The 1st Defendant further argues that there being no objection contained in
an affidavit by a Minister, there would be no assistance provided by the AG’s
intervention. In my view, while the absence of such an affidavit may or may
not be relevant to the substantive issue of satisfaction of s 126(2) of the
EA, it does not have a bearing on the threshold issues of the AG’s standing to
intervene and whether intervention should be granted.

47 Accordingly, Art 35(7) of the Constitution, taken together with the AG’s
recognised role as the guardian of the public interest, provides the basis for
the AG’s standing and power to intervene in the present matter in respect of
the arguments on public interest privilege under s 126(2) of the EA.

48 I would note that the AG referred to several passages in the Parliamentary
debates surrounding the enactment of s 126(2) to show that the AG’s role in
asserting public interest privilege is essential and contemplated. However,
these passages show at best that the AG has a role in advising the Government
and its officers on the issue of public interest privilege; that is not the
same question as whether the AG has the standing or power to intervene in
private litigation to assert such privilege. In any event, the speeches could
not assist as the question of construction or interpretation of s 126(2) is
not in play.

Mechanism of intervention

(1) Joinder under O 15 r 6(2)

49 The AG argues that it should be allowed to intervene in the Discovery
Application, the Leave to Appeal Application, the Further Arguments
Application and all related applications and appeals under O 15 r 6(2)(b) of
the ROC as this would be necessary for the complete determination of the
Discovery Application, and is just and convenient. The material portions of O
15 r 6(2) provide as follows:

Misjoinder and nonjoinder of parties (O. 15, r. 6)

6.—(1) …

(2) Subject to the provisions of this Rule, at any stage of the proceedings in
any cause or matter, the Court may, on such terms as it thinks just and either
of its own motion or on application —

(a) …

(b) order any of the following persons to be added as a party, namely:

(i) any person who ought to have been joined as a party or whose presence
before the Court is necessary to ensure that all matters in the cause or
matter may be effectually and completely determined and adjudicated upon;

(ii) any person between whom and any party to the cause or matter there may
exist a question or issue arising out of or relating to or connected with any
relief or remedy claimed in the cause or matter which in the opinion of the
Court it would be just and convenient to determine as between him and that
party as well as between the parties to the cause or matter.

(3) An application by any person for an order under paragraph (2) adding him
as a party must, except with the leave of the Court, be supported by an
affidavit showing his interest in the matters in dispute in the cause or
matter or, as the case may be, the question or issue to be determined as
between him and any party to the cause or matter.

(4) …

50 In ordinary cases involving private parties, the recognised objects of the
joinder provisions under O 15 r 6(2)(b) are: (a) to prevent multiplicity of
actions and to enable the court to determine disputes between all parties to
them in one action; and (b) to prevent the same or substantially the same
questions or issues being tried twice with possibly different results: Wee
Soon Kim ([17] supra) at [19]; Singapore Civil Procedure at para 15/6/8.

51 The AG’s present application to intervene in relation to the issue of
public interest privilege may not commend itself to these objects narrowly
construed: there is unlikely to be a multiplicity of action even if the AG’s
application was rejected. However, at least in relation to the particular
issue of public interest privilege, there are broader purposes to permitting
the joinder under O 15 r 6(2)(b), which are to allow important issues
pertaining to the public interest to be raised, ventilated, and fully
considered, as well as to “promot[e] uniformity both in the decision of such
questions and in the formulation of the grounds on which the objections are
taken”: R v Lewes Justices ([10] supra) at 406B–C. These are not necessarily
different objectives as those traditionally cited by the courts; they just
have to be approached from a different perspective.

52 In the present case, I find that joinder of the AG may be effected under
either O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) or (ii) of the ROC.

53 Taking O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i) first, joinder is generally permitted where the
non-party would be directly affected, either legally or financially, by any
order which may be made in the action: Singapore Civil Procedure at para
15/6/8. In Pegang ([15] supra), the Privy Council formulated the question as
“will his rights against or liabilities to any party to the action in respect
of the subject matter of the action be directly affected by an order which may
be made in the action?” (at 56).

54 In the unique context of the AG’s intervention to assert or resist a claim
of public interest privilege in his role as the guardian of the public
interest, it is perhaps artificial to search for a private legal or financial
interest of the AG’s that would be directly affected by the outcome of the
Court’s determination. After all, it is the public interest in which name he
seeks the intervention. In my view, once it has been found that the AG has the
standing to put forward its position in respect of s 126 of the EA, it should
generally follow that the AG would be allowed to be joined at least in
relation to arguments on public interest privilege under either limb of s 126.
The AG’s function as the guardian of the public interest would allow him to
present a perspective that is distinct from that of either party and which, in
the language of the ROC, is necessary to ensure that all matters in relation
to the disclosure application may be effectually and completely determined and
adjudicated upon. In any event, the general approach to O 15 r 6(2)(b)(i)
taken in Pegang ([15] supra) would also be satisfied: while the AG may not
have rights as such in the disclosure application, the AG’s performance of his
duties and obligations would be affected by the outcome of that application.

55 The 1st Defendant argues, citing White v London ([15(b)] supra), that
intervention should not be allowed since the Plaintiff represents the same
interests as the AG, and/or that the AG controls or directs the litigation
conducted by the Plaintiff. That case does not apply to our facts. In that
case, a plaintiff who was injured during an accident on a London Transport bus
was directed by the Motor Insurers’ Bureau to claim against London Transport
under an agreement between the bureau and the Minister of Transport to
compensate injured victims where the driver responsible for the accident could
not be traced. After the plaintiff commenced suit against London Transport
pursuant to the compensation agreement and the directions of the bureau, the
bureau sought to join the action as a party, claiming an interest as the
compensation agreement provided that the plaintiff could claim against the
bureau itself if she failed against London Transport. The English Court of
Appeal unanimously rejected the joinder application on the ground that it was
not necessary given the considerable control over the plaintiff’s conduct of
the claim conferred on the bureau by the compensation agreement. In this
regard, Lord Denning MR opined that (at 726G-727C):

Those provisions [in the compensation agreement] show quite clearly that the
bureau are standing behind the plaintiff in this action. They require it to be
brought; they indemnify the plaintiff; they put her forward on their behalf in
an endeavour to make London Transport wholly or in part to blame. Nevertheless
in this application they wish to come in and stand behind the defendant. …

… In my judgment, seeing that the plaintiff is bringing the action on the
direction of the bureau, she will be bound to pursue the action with vigilance
and skill against London Transport, doing all she can to make them liable in
part or whole. So far as London Transport is concerned, they will do their
best to defend the action by disputing negligence … So all the matters will be
properly and fully investigated without the necessity of joining the bureau.
Accordingly, I doubt whether this joinder is “necessary” within the opening
words of R.S.C., Ord. 15, r. 6.

56 The facts in White v London were materially different from the present
application: the plaintiff’s suit was initiated at the direction of the
bureau, there was a legal agreement aligning the interests of the plaintiff
and the bureau, and both the plaintiff’s and the bureau’s interests in the
suit were monetary and private in the sense that their concerns related only
to the outcome of that suit. In the circumstances, the interests of the
intervener and existing party were in fact substantially co-incident. In
contrast, while the positions of the AG and the Plaintiff on s 126 may overlap
in the present case, their interests and reasons are not the same (see above
at [43]). The Plaintiff’s position reflects the interests and concerns of the
tax authority, whereas the submissions of the AG would reflect that of the
Government as a whole, and of the public more generally. Their bottom-line may
be the aligned, and the same affidavits may form the evidential basis of their
arguments, but that does not mean that there is a necessary coincidence as to
the precise parameters and nuances of the submissions that may be made on the
operation of s 126. Further, the AG’s participation as the guardian of the
public interest is on a non-partisan basis; his alignment of position with one
side or the other is “purely incidental and forms no part of the AG’s
intention” [emphasis in original]: Deepak Sharma ([40] supra) at [37].
Accordingly, I do not find anything in White v London that would exclude
separate representation in this situation. The case of De Hart ([16(a)] supra)
may be distinguished on similar grounds.

57 The 1st Defendant also argues that the AG has no role to play in the
Further Arguments Application. I do not agree. It may be that the AG’s primary
role and concern here relate to the substantive position in relation to s 126
of the EA, but that cannot be detached from the threshold question in the
Further Arguments Application of whether an extension of time should be
granted to request for those arguments. Insofar as the question of merits of
the further arguments is not irrelevant and there is an element of discretion
with the Court, the AG may legitimately and helpfully draw the Court’s
attention to the issues and consequences at stake even vis-à-vis this
threshold question. It would, of course, be a separate matter whether the
Court is persuaded.

58 The 1st Defendant’s third argument is that there is no necessity for the
intervention since there is no risk of a multiplicity of proceedings. This is,
to my mind, a red herring. By the Intervention Application, the AG seeks to
intervene only in an interlocutory matter and not the substantive claim
between the Plaintiff and the Defendants. Naturally, no separate suit will be
filed by the AG against the Defendants even if he is not joined at present.
However, that does not take the case out of the rationale of the joinder
procedure under O 15 r 6(2)(b) (see above at [50]).

59 In addition, O 15 r 6(2)(b)(ii) gives an additional basis for the joinder
of the AG. Generally, this limb permits a non-party to be added to “any cause
or matter” if (AHPETC ([16] supra) at [39]):

(a) the question or issue between that non-party and one of the parties is
linked, factually or otherwise, to the relief or remedy claimed in the cause
or matter; and

(b) the court is of the view that it would be “just and convenient” to order a
joinder or allow an intervention.

60 As mentioned (at [54] above), once the AG is found to have sufficient
standing to intervene in private litigation to make submissions on s 126 of
the EA as the guardian of the public interest, he should generally be joined
at least insofar as the arguments on public interest privilege is concerned.
In any case, I find that the issue sought to be raised by the AG (ie, public
interest privilege under s 126(2) of the EA) is sufficiently linked to the
discovery orders sought by the Defendants, and further that it is just and
convenient for intervention to be allowed.

61 The 1st Defendant, relying on Spelling Goldberg ([16(b)] supra), argues
that there must be a live issue between the intervener and a party at the time
the joinder order is made, and that is not satisfied because the Further
Arguments Application has not yet been granted and the issue of public
interest has not thus arisen before the Court. That case concerned an
application by certain film companies to intervene in a concluded and failed
copyright claim by other film companies against users of certain frames in
their produced films. The English Court of Appeal unanimously disallowed the
intervention application. Bridge LJ opined that “the interest of the
interveners is solely an interest in the outcome of the appeal in so far as it
determines a question of law which may affect the interveners’ business in
future” (at 281). Cumming-Bruce LJ said that it does not suffice to justify
intervention if “at some future time … certain contingencies not presently in
existence [would] come into existence” (at 282). The reticence in Spelling
Goldberg to allow intervention is understandable, but that is a wholly
different case from the present, where the AG seeks to intervene to resist an
ongoing application for discovery in his recognised role as the guardian of
the public interest. In any event, at least in the present context, a
principled distinction between cases where the parties invoke s 126 on their
own initiative and cases where s 126 is not raised by either party cannot be
seriously sustained: that would leave the public interest concerns underlying
s 126 vulnerable to the vagaries of litigation and contingent on the conduct
of the parties (see above at [44]–[45]).

62 The 1st Defendant further submits that the Court should consider the
lateness of the application, the absence of new facts that have arisen, and
the prejudice or inconvenience that would be caused to the 1st Defendant by
allowing the Plaintiff a second bite at the cherry, this time aided by the AG.
These factors are said to negate the requirement that the joinder be “just and
convenient”. In the circumstances of the present case, given that the AG was
consulted only after the Judgment was handed down, and that any delay was not
of such a long period, I do not find that the AG should be denied the
opportunity to intervene. Neither do I find that any material prejudice is
made out. As the Plaintiff pointed out, there is nothing that cannot be
compensated for by costs. Weighing that against the potentially serious and
irreparable harm that could result to the public interest from an imprudently
ordered disclosure, it cannot be seriously argued that the AG’s application
for intervention should be denied.

63 For the foregoing reasons, I find that either limb of O 15 r 6(2) would
suffice to allow the Intervention Application.

(2) Inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4

64 The AG also invoked the inherent jurisdiction of the Court under O 92 r 4
of the ROC. Generally, the Court has an inherent jurisdiction to allow an
intervention or joinder if such an order would be in the interests of justice,
even if O 15 r 6(2) did not apply: Wee Soon Kim ([17] supra) at [20]–[22]; see
also Singapore Civil Procedure at para 15/6/10.

65 In Wee Soon Kim, the Court of Appeal provided the following guidance on how
the court’s inherent jurisdiction to allow intervention should be exercised:

27 It seems to us clear that by its very nature, how an inherent jurisdiction,
whether as set out in O 92 r 4 or under common law, should be exercised should
not be circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests. In each instance the court
must exercise it judiciously. In his lecture on “The Inherent Jurisdiction of
the Court” published in Current Legal Problems 1970, Sir Jack Jacob (until
lately the general editor of the Supreme Court Practice) opined that this
jurisdiction may be invoked when it is just and equitable to do so and in
particular to ensure the observance of the due process of law, to prevent
improper vexation or oppression and to do justice between the parties. Without
intending to be exhaustive, we think an essential touchstone is really that of
“need”...

…

30 The question might well be asked, what prejudice would the intervention
cause to the complainant/applicant. But we do not think that that is the
correct approach upon which to invoke the court’s inherent jurisdiction. It
may well be that the question of prejudice is relevant to determine whether
intervention should be allowed in the circumstances of a case. But that is not
to say that once no prejudice is shown, the court should invoke that
jurisdiction. There must nevertheless be reasonably strong or compelling
reasons showing why that jurisdiction should be invoked.

66 It is thus clear that the touchstone of the court’s inherent jurisdiction
to permit intervention or joinder is the “strict criterion” of necessity:
Family Food Court (a firm) v Seah Boon Lock and another (trading as Boon Lock
Duck and Noodle House) [2008] 4 SLR(R) 272 at [63]. The absence of prejudice,
while relevant, does not itself suffice. Due consideration will be given to
the concerns of due process and fairness as between the parties. Ultimately,
the court’s inherent jurisdiction “should only be invoked in exceptional
circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the justice of the case
so demands” (Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd and others v Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corp Ltd and another [2003] 2 SLR(R) 353 at [17]).

67 In the present case, as I have found that O 15 is available, it is not
necessary to consider this in much depth. The AG argues that strong and
compelling reasons exist for intervention given the AG’s responsibility in
relation to the issue of public interest privilege. The 1st Defendant
counters, however, that no hardship, difficulty or danger to the public
interest will arise by a rejection of the intervention since the Plaintiff
would be able to make the same arguments as the AG.

68 In my judgment, the standing of the AG in respect of matters concerning s
126 of the EA invests the AG with sufficient interest to justify the Court’s
allowing an intervention or joinder under O 92 r 4. Indeed, disallowing the
intervention may result in a divergence of position in respect of s 126
between that of the Plaintiff and the wider government; it may also result in
imprudent disclosure of documents that could cause serious and irreparable
injury to the public interest. Accordingly, for similar reasons as to joinder
under O 15 r 6, intervention should be permitted under the inherent
jurisdiction of the Court.

Issue 2: The Further Arguments Application

The Plaintiff’s arguments

69 The Further Arguments Application concerns the Plaintiff’s application for
(a) an extension of time to file the request to make further arguments in
respect of the Discovery Application and (b) leave to file and serve two
affidavits as evidence in support of the further arguments to be made in the
Discovery Application and the Leave to Appeal Application (see above at [4]).

70 In respect of the issue of extension of time to make further arguments, the
Plaintiff starts from the premise that the purpose of allowing further
arguments is for the parties to advance all arguments that may be material,
and to allow the Court to review a decision before an appeal is brought:
Singapore Press Holdings Ltd v Brown Noel Trading Pte Ltd and others [1994] 3
SLR(R) 114 (“Singapore Press Holdings”). In this regard, the party making
further arguments is not confined to points that have already been raised, but
may also rely on additional grounds not previously invoked: J H Rayner
(Mincing Lane) Ltd v Teck Hock & Co (Pte) Ltd and others [1988] SGHC 103 (“J H
Rayner”). Accordingly, the issue in the present application is not whether the
failure to raise these arguments during the initial hearing for the Discovery
Application should be excused, but a narrower one of whether the 11 working
days’ delay in making the request for further arguments should bar the
request.

71 To this end, the Plaintiff urges the Court to invoke its powers under para
7 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007
Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) to grant an extension of time for the Plaintiff to request
for further arguments: Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd [2002]
2 SLR(R) 336 (“Denko”). In considering whether to exercise its discretion, the
less stringent approach in The Tokai Maru [1998] 2 SLR (R) 646 (“The Tokai
Maru”) should be adopted, rather than the stricter approach in relation to an
extension of time to file a notice of appeal. The ultimate concern of the
Court should be the justice of the case: Sun Jin Engineering Pte Ltd v Hwang
Jae Woo [2011] 2 SLR 196 (“Sun Jin”).

72 On the facts, an extension of time is justified because: (a) there is a
reasonable and genuine justification for the delay, (b) there is no
irremediable prejudice that would be occasioned to the Defendants, and (c) the
further arguments sought to be made are highly pertinent and meritorious.

73 In relation to the issue of further evidence, the Plaintiff submits that
their admission would ensure that the Court is properly positioned to consider
all relevant material evidence when hearing the further arguments and, if
necessary, the Leave to Appeal Application. Since the Discovery Application is
subject to further arguments, the decision is “tentative” until such arguments
are heard: J H Rayner ([70] supra). Accordingly, analogous to a Judge in
chambers hearing a Registrar’s Appeal, the Court has a broad discretion to
allow the admission of fresh evidence in the absence of contrary reasons: Lian
Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1053
(“Lian Soon”). Further, the Court’s discretion to admit further evidence may
be exercised more liberally in interlocutory matters such as discovery
applications: Park Regis Hospitality Management Sdn Bhd v British Malayan
Trustees Ltd and others [2014] 1 SLR 1175 (“Park Regis”).

74 On the facts, the Court should permit the further evidence, ie, the two
affidavits, to be admitted. These affidavits are necessary and relevant to the
further arguments sought to be raised by the Plaintiff. They were delayed only
because the advice to the Plaintiff to include these factual matters was given
after the Judgment was delivered. No challenge has been made by the 1st
Defendant as to their credibility, and no prejudice has been suggested that
cannot be compensated by costs.

75 In particular, in relation to the affidavit of Ms Ng, the Plaintiff argues
that this should now be admitted because this Court should have, during the
earlier hearing of the Discovery Application, ordered further evidence to be
produced on oath if it considered the evidential basis before it insufficient
to justify the Plaintiff’s claim as to legal professional privilege: Colin
Passmore, Privilege (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2013) at para 9.032; Atos
Consulting Ltd v Avis plc [2007] EWHC 323 (“Atos”) at [37(4)].

76 Finally, the Plaintiff submits that even if the Court were to decline to
grant the extension of time to request for further arguments, these affidavits
should still be admitted as they provide context for the Leave to Appeal
Application. No prejudice would be caused to the 1st Defendant since the Leave
to Appeal Application will only be heard at a later stage and, if necessary,
leave may be sought by the Defendants for time to respond.

The 1st Defendant’s arguments

77 The 1st Defendant first submits that, of the three further arguments sought
to be made by the Plaintiff, two of those relating to s 126 of the EA and s
6(3) of the ITA are new, whereas the third argument is that the Court had
improperly rejected the claim for legal professional privilege. In this
context, allowing the application would set a dangerous precedent as it would
embolden litigants to try to repair and reopen their cases after judgments
have been issued; the principle of finality and the respect for the procedures
prescribed in the ROC would inevitably be undermined.

78 Substantively, the 1st Defendant attacks first the issue of further
evidence. Counsel submits that new evidence cannot be admitted for the purpose
of further arguments because further arguments must be based on existing
evidence: Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others
[2007] 3 SLR (R) 628 (“Travista”). If the Plaintiff wishes to admit new
evidence, the proper procedure is for it to do so on appeal and not before the
Court of first instance. This approach accords with the rationale for
permitting further arguments, which the 1st Defendant characterised as
allowing a Judge in chambers to review an order made if the applicant was
unable to present full arguments due to the time limit for the hearing:
Singapore Press Holdings ([70] supra). On this basis, the two affidavits
should not be admitted as further evidence, and the issue of further arguments
– at least in relation to public interest privilege and legal advice
privilege, both of which necessarily require the support of the further
evidence – would not even arise.

79 Leave to adduce further evidence in the Leave to Appeal Application should
fail because an application to adduce new evidence for the purpose of a leave
to appeal application in relation to an interlocutory order will be granted
only if the applicant is able to show strong reasons why the new evidence was
not previously admitted: Jurong Town Corp v Wishing Star Ltd [2004] 2 SLR(R)
427. On the facts, the Plaintiff cannot satisfy this test for reasons by bare
assertion that his former lawyers had not properly advised him.

80 As for the issue of whether an extension of time to request for further
arguments should be granted, the 1st Defendant cites Denko ([71] supra) and
submits that the Court should not permit the extension primarily because no
credible explanation has been given by the Plaintiff for the delay. The excuse
that the Plaintiff’s former solicitors – which included a Senior Counsel – had
not properly advised the Plaintiff was a bare and implausible assertion that
should not be accepted in the absence of extenuating circumstances: Nomura
Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd [2000] 2 SLR (R)
926; Tan Sia Boo v Ong Chiang Kwong [2007] 4 SLR(R) 298. Further, the delay is
not short, and grave prejudice would be caused to the 1st Defendant if all the
effort expended in obtaining the initial judgment came to nothing, with
further delays caused to the already protracted matter. In this regard, even
an offer of payment of costs is not a cure for all defaults: Chan Kern Miang
([16(c)] supra).

The AG’s arguments

81 As noted above at [6], in the interests of efficiency, I allowed the AG to
make submissions in respect of the Further Arguments Application, on the basis
that a consideration of their written and oral submissions would be premised
on their being granted leave to intervene in the Intervention Application.

82 The AG does not submit on the question of extension of time. However, the
AG takes an interest in the issue of whether further evidence may be admitted
in support of the further arguments as the two affidavits sought to be adduced
are relevant to the issue of public interest privilege under s 126(2) of the
EA, with which the AG is concerned.

83 In relation to the admission of further evidence in support of the further
arguments to be requested in the Discovery Application, the AG submits that
the Court has a discretion to admit new evidence even at the stage of further
arguments: Lian Soon ([73] supra). This is because the Court, when it hears
the further arguments, continues to exercise jurisdiction as a first instance
court: Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store
Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation) [2001] 2 SLR(R) 246. Further, Travista
([78] supra), invoked by the 1st Defendant, does not in fact bar the admission
of new evidence for the purpose of further arguments, insofar as those
arguments pertain to an interlocutory decision. The principle of finality is
not significantly infringed upon at present given that directions in this case
are still pending and no order has been extracted.

84 On the facts, good reasons exist for admitting the further evidence. First,
the AG is entitled to state his position in respect of the issue of public
interest privilege regardless of whether the Plaintiff is allowed an extension
to make further arguments on the same. Secondly, courts have viewed public
interest privilege as a matter that they can and should take cognisance of
even if neither party nor the AG has asserted it: Burmah Oil ([10] supra).
Thirdly, the relevant factors would point towards the admission of the further
evidence: (a) the affidavits are relevant and credible, (b) the delay does not
in itself warrant exclusion, and (c) there is no irremediable prejudice
caused.

85 As for the admission of further evidence in support of the Leave to Appeal
Application, the High Court is similarly not precluded from admitting further
affidavits. Otherwise, a putative appellant may be precluded from taking the
new points to the Court of Appeal. In this context, even if this Court
admitted the further evidence, that would only be for the purpose of
determining whether the leave to appeal threshold is met and does not bind the
Court of Appeal.

The decision

86 The statutory basis for the requesting and making of further arguments is s
28B of the SCJA, which reads as follows:

Further arguments before Judge exercising civil jurisdiction of High Court

28B.—(1) Before any notice of appeal is filed in respect of any judgment or
order made by a Judge, in the exercise of the civil jurisdiction of the High
Court, after any hearing other than a trial of an action, the Judge may hear
further arguments in respect of the judgment or order, if any party to the
hearing, or the Judge, requests for further arguments before the earlier of —

(a) the time the judgment or order is extracted; or

(b) the expiration of 14 days after the date the judgment or order is made.

(2) After hearing further arguments, the Judge may affirm, vary or set aside
the judgment or order.

(3) If any request for further arguments has been made under subsection (1) —

(a) no notice of appeal shall be filed in respect of the judgment or order
until the Judge —

(i) affirms, varies or sets aside the judgment or order after hearing further
arguments; or

(ii) certifies, or is deemed to have certified, that he requires no further
arguments; and

(b) the time for filing a notice of appeal in respect of the judgment or order
shall begin on the date the Judge —

(i) affirms, varies or sets aside the judgment or order after hearing further
arguments; or

(ii) certifies, or is deemed to have certified, that he requires no further
arguments.

(4) For the avoidance of doubt, a party to the hearing may, but is not
required to, request for further arguments before he files a notice of appeal
in respect of the judgment or order.

87 Sub-section (4) explains that a request for further arguments is not
mandatory, but rather voluntary, before a notice of appeal is filed. As noted
by the parties, this reflects a change from the pre-2010 position under s
34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the
1999 SCJA”), which required a party who wished to appeal to the Court of
Appeal against an interlocutory order to write in for further arguments to the
Judge who heard the application within seven days of the date of the order.
After the SCJA was amended in 2010 to delete the then s 34(1)(c), s 28B was
inserted in its place so that the making of further argument is now voluntary:
the parties may write in for such arguments if they wished or the Judge may
request for the same (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (18
October 2010) vol 87 at cols 1372–1373 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Senior
Minister of State for Law)).

88 I should note that while some of the parties’ written submissions addressed
the Leave to Appeal Application, that is not the subject of my present
determination. The issues relating to the extension of time and the adducing
of further evidence are to my mind the questions of immediate concern. If need
be, the issue of what ought to be considered in any application for leave to
appeal can be dealt with later, at the appropriate juncture.

Extension of time to request for further arguments

89 It is common ground between the parties that the Court has the power to
grant an extension of time for the Plaintiff to request further arguments
under s 28B of the SCJA. That power to abridge the time prescribed can be
found in para 7 of the First Schedule to the SCJA, which reads as follows:

Time

7\. Power to enlarge or abridge the time prescribed by any written law for
doing any act or taking any proceeding, whether the application therefor is
made before or after the expiration of the time prescribed, but this provision
shall be without prejudice to any written law relating to limitation.

90 Section 18(2) of the SCJA provides that the High Court shall have the
powers set out in the First Schedule. In the present case, the Judgment was
issued on 31 January 2017. As no notice of appeal has been filed against, and
no order of court has been extracted in respect of that decision, under s
28B(1)(b) of the SCJA, further arguments (if any) should have been requested
by 14 February 2017. Instead, the summons for the Further Arguments
Application was filed on 1 March 2017: this was some 15 days after the time
prescribed in s 28B(1)(b).

91 No authority has been cited to me which pronounced on the principles
governing the exercise of the Court’s power to extend time in the context of
further arguments under the present s 28B of the SCJA. However, certain
principles may be extrapolated from two decisions of the Court of Appeal
involving extensions of time in other contexts.

92 The first decision is that of The Tokai Maru ([71] supra). In this case,
the applicant sought to file an affidavit of evidence-in-chief nine months out
of time. The Court of Appeal granted the extension even though the delay was
found to be unjustified (at [29]), recognizing the principle that “a litigant
should not be deprived of his opportunity to dispute the plaintiff’s claims
and have a determination of the issues on the merits as a punishment for a
breach of [the rules of civil procedure] unless the other party has been made
to suffer prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an appropriate order as
to costs” (at [23(b)]). Accordingly, that case concerning an application for
an extension of time to file an affidavit was said to qualify for a less
stringent approach than the test with respect to extensions of time to file a
notice of appeal (at [20]). Under this less stringent approach, three issues
are relevant: (a) whether any justification exists for the delay; (b) whether
prejudice was caused to the other party; and (c) whether special circumstances
warranted a dismissal of the application for extension of time (at [24]).

93 The next decision is that of Denko ([71] supra). In this case, the
appellant sought to apply for the respondent’s action to be stayed on the
ground of forum non conveniens. The appellant succeeded before the assistant
registrar but the stay was overturned on appeal before the High Court. Given
the then-operative s 34(1)(c) of the 1999 SCJA, the appellant had to file a
request to the High Court Judge for further arguments within seven days of the
date of the order if it wished to appeal against it, but in fact made that
request some 14 days after the expiry of the prescribed timeline. The
appellant later filed a notice of appeal but that was rejected on the basis
that its request for further arguments was out of time and thus its notice was
invalid. To correct the error, the appellant filed a motion before the Court
of Appeal seeking an extension of time for a request to be made for further
arguments.

94 The Court of Appeal observed (at [9]) that the law drew a distinction
between an application for extension of time to file a notice of appeal and an
application to extend time in relation to other matters: the less stringent
approach as set out in The Tokai Maru ([71] supra) governs the latter. In that
context, the appellant’s application for extension of time to make a request
for further arguments under the then s 34(1)(c) was more analogous to an
application for extension of time to file a notice of appeal and thus
warranted a stricter approach (at [10]):

While [the appellant’s] application was not an application for an extension of
time to file a notice of appeal, neither was it an application to extend time
in relation to a matter of the nature in The Tokai Maru. But the objective of
[the appellant’s application was to enable [the appellant] to appeal against
the order made [by the High Court] … As we see it, [the appellant’s]
application was more akin to an application for an extension of time to file
[an] appeal rather than to file affidavits of evidence-in-chief out of time as
in The Tokai Maru. It was a necessary step to filing an appeal. Therefore, a
stricter approach should be followed in determining whether an extension of
time should be granted … It must be borne in mind that the very limited time
frame prescribed in s 34(1)(c) is to ensure that an interlocutory order made
by a judge in chambers will obtain finality quickly so that the trial of the
action will take place soonest practicable and not be bogged down by
interlocutory squabbles. The trial of the action should not be delayed.

95 The Plaintiff submits that, given the amendment to the then s 34(1)(c),
which now takes the form of s 28B of the SCJA, the requirement to request for
further arguments is no longer a mandatory condition for the filing of an
appeal against an interlocutory order. The link, so to speak, between the
regimes of further arguments and appeals have thus been broken. Therefore,
Denko no longer governs and the less stringent approach in The Tokai Maru
should be preferred.

96 I am of the view that the more stringent approach in Denko should govern
the Court’s approach to deciding whether to grant extensions of time to
request for further arguments under s 28B of the SCJA. The less stringent
alternative in The Tokai Maru, while entirely appropriate for interlocutory
matters generally, is less so in respect of cases where the principle of
finality may be disturbed. This would be the case if the time prescribed for
the request of further arguments is that which is sought to be abridged. While
there have been legislative amendments to the further arguments regime under
the SCJA (see above at [87]), the crux of the matter is not whether such
further arguments are mandatory or voluntary, but the fact that when the
requests for further arguments are made, the time for filing a notice of
appeal is suspended and there is significantly less clarity as to when and
whether the initial judgment would continue to stand (see s 28B(3) of the
SCJA). In other words, the legislative amendments relied upon by the Plaintiff
to distinguish Denko do not in substance negate the disturbance to finality
that requests for further arguments out of time would create. To my mind, the
Court of Appeal’s concern in Denko (at [10]) continues to apply in relation to
the present s 28B: “an interlocutory order made by a judge in chambers
[should] obtain finality quickly so that the trial of the action will take
place soonest practicable and not be bogged down by interlocutory squabbles”.

97 The Plaintiff highlights that the present matter is merely interlocutory
and there has not yet been a trial. However, the principle of finality applies
also to interlocutory orders, even if to different extents. Interlocutory
squabbles would otherwise bog down the progress of cases and there would be no
end to the matter. In this regard, finality is not just a principle to which
we pay lip service. It underlies several other concerns, including that there
should be efficacious utilisation of the litigants’ and the Court’s resources,
that the parties should be forthcoming with their arguments in the first
instance, and that justice demands that an authoritative decision be made as
regards any final or interlocutory matter so that the parties may move on with
their lives.

98 The Plaintiff also submits that a more lenient approach would not set a bad
precedent because the facts here are unusual and unlikely to be replicated.
However, save for the fact that the AG is seeking an intervention in the
present matter, it is not so clear that a request for further arguments out of
time in relation to an interlocutory decision is such an uncommon occurrence.

99 Therefore, where an extension of time is sought for a party to request for
further arguments, the more stringent approach in Denko (compared to that in
The Tokai Maru), which applies to the issue of whether an extension of time
should be granted to file or serve a notice of appeal, should govern save for
one adaptation. Denko refers to the “merits of the appeal” as one of four
relevant factors (at [11]). Given that further arguments are no longer
necessarily tied to an appeal, this question of the merits of the appeal
should not arise. However, the question of the merit of the further arguments
is a relevant consideration: if it is clear that the further arguments are
hopelessly unsound, the Court should not exercise its discretion to extend
time even if the delay is short and the applicant without any fault.

100 Accordingly, in determining whether an extension of time should be granted
for a party to request for further arguments under s 28B of the SCJA, the
relevant factors are: (a) the length of the delay, (b) the reasons for the
delay, (c) the merits of the further arguments, and (d) the degree of
prejudice to the other party (see Denko at [11]).

101 Applying this approach to the facts, I am satisfied that the application
for extension of time should be granted in the present case. In this regard, I
am also guided by the Court of Appeal’s dictum in Sun Jin ([71] supra) at
[30]:

… [T]he court, in deciding whether to extend the prescribed timeline for an
act to be done, has to balance the competing interests of the parties
concerned … Copious citation of case law will not be necessary (and also will
not be helpful) as previous decisions will be no more than guides. In
determining how the balance of interests should be struck and in applying the
… factors [for when an extension of time will be granted], it is the overall
picture that emerges to the court as to where the justice of the case lies
which will ultimately be decisive.

102 Here, the delay was some 15 days, or as the Plaintiff put it, 11 working
days. It is true that in Denko, the Court of Appeal opined that “[c]onsidering
that the period allowed by s 34(1)(c) to apply for further arguments is only
seven days, a delay of 14 days cannot be said to be relatively short” (at
[12]). However, since the present s 28B permits a longer period to apply for
further arguments (ie, 14 days), in that context the 15 days’ delay does not
show such dilatoriness that the extension should not be given because of the
length of the delay alone.

103 The reasons for the delay relied upon by the Plaintiff are that (a) time
was taken in considering the Judgment, (b) advice was required from the AG,
(c) new counsel had to be instructed, and (d) voluminous documents sought in
the discovery had to be reviewed by the relevant parties in order for a
position to be taken and the necessary affidavits to be drafted. In the
circumstances, while there was probably some room for expedition, I do not
find that the delay was inordinate or inexplicable. Some time would reasonably
have to be consumed for the preparatory stages prior to making a request for
further arguments, particularly given the involvement of external parties and
the relative novelty of the issue of public interest privilege raised in the
Judgment.

104 As to the merits of the further arguments, I could not say that the
arguments on s 126 of the EA are so unlikely to succeed that no opportunity
should be given for these to be raised. There may be some greater concern for
the ambit of s 6(3) of the ITA, but it does not rise to the level that it
could be described as hopelessly unsound. The 1st Defendant agreed that the
applicant need only show that the merits of the further arguments are not
hopeless, and need not rise to the threshold of likelihood to succeed. To that
end, the merits of both these arguments on s 126 of the EA and s 6(3) of the
ITA were not challenged. As for the further arguments on legal professional
privilege, the real question which will be dealt with below is whether further
evidence should be admitted at this stage.

105 Finally, I could not see that any material prejudice is shown from such
delay. The matter is already some three years old and is still at the
interlocutory stage. While the 1st Defendant should not be left with the
threat of litigation hanging over its head, the suit is not yet so far
advanced that further arguments would prolong matters disproportionately. In
any case, as the Plaintiff acknowledges, any prejudice caused by the delay can
be compensated by costs.

106 In the circumstances, therefore, I allow an extension of time for a
request for further arguments under s 28B of the SCJA to be made by the
Plaintiff.

New arguments as further arguments

107 It should be clarified that it is permissible to raise new legal arguments
or issues in further arguments which had not earlier been raised. In the
present case, that would relate to the Plaintiff’s desire to submit on public
interest privilege under s 126(2) of the EA and official secrecy under s 6(3)
of the ITA. The Court of Appeal has expressly recognised that the main
rationale behind the further arguments regime is to prescribe a procedure for
the Judge to have an opportunity reconsider his decision in light of the
further arguments as may be put forward (Singapore Press Holdings ([70] supra)
at [40], quoting J H Rayner ([70] supra)). The scope of the relevant provision
may have since changed, but this core rationale did not. In a similar vein, it
was stated under the recommendations section of a law reform report that “the
making of further arguments was intended to address the possible injustice
arising from full arguments not being made before the judge”: Law Reform
Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, Report of the Sub-Committee on the
Rationalisation of Legislation Relating to Leave to Appeal (October 2008) at
para 105 (Chairman: Cavinder Bull). That being the case, there is nothing in
the rationale, the case law, or the legislative framework or language to
suggest that further arguments are to be restricted to arguments that had
earlier been raised and that new arguments are to be precluded. Indeed, a
contrary position would be odd when viewed against the purpose of the further
arguments regime since it is often the bringing to the Court’s attention a
heretofore unconsidered point that would be most helpful.

Further evidence in support of further arguments

108 The second part of the Further Arguments Application relates to the
Plaintiff’s request for leave to file and serve two affidavits in support of
its further arguments in the Discovery Application and the Leave to Appeal
Application (see above at [4]).

109 The Plaintiff argues that the Court has full discretion to allow the
further evidence to be admitted. An analogy was drawn with new affidavit
evidence coming in during a Registrar’s Appeal in the High Court: in that
situation, “[t]he judge’s discretion is in no way fettered by the decision
below, and he is free to allow the admission of fresh evidence in the absence
of contrary reasons”: Lian Soon ([73] supra) at [38]. Further, the Plaintiff
cites Park Regis ([73] supra) at [28] for the proposition that further
evidence may be more liberally permitted in interlocutory matters, such as
discovery, on the basis of “a distinction to be drawn between matters which
had characteristics of a full trial or where oral evidence had to be recorded,
and matters which were generally ‘interlocutory’ in nature”.

110 However, these cases do not go as far as the Plaintiff would like. Both
Lian Soon and Park Regis were concerned with allowing evidence in a
Registrar’s Appeal, which is a hearing de novo. The Judge in chambers may thus
allow the admission of fresh evidence in the absence of contrary reasons
because he is “entitled to treat the matter as though it came before him for
the first time… [and] is in no way fettered by the decision below”: Lian Soon
at [38]. This practice appears to be adapted from that in England and Wales:
see Lian Soon at [35]. That is, however, not the case when further arguments
are allowed. While the Judge’s agreement to hear further arguments may in some
sense mean that the original decision is “tentative” (see J H Rayner ([70]
supra)), that tentativeness does not by itself mean that the doors are opened
to all matters: the original decision is not readily departed from, and the
findings are not revisited de novo. As opposed to a further arguments hearing,
a de novo Registrar’s Appeal also does not involve the policy considerations
of finality and abuse of process to the same extent. Therefore, I cannot
accept the Plaintiff’s proposed position that further evidence should
generally or readily be permitted to be adduced in support of any further
argument that may be raised.

111 In my view, the more principled position is to allow further evidence in
support of new arguments if sufficient reason exists, but to disallow the
admission of further evidence to support or strengthen previously raised
arguments. As discussed above, the finality of a decision, even if only
interlocutory, must be respected (see above at [97]). Liberally allowing new
evidence to support a previously raised argument would only encourage re-
litigation and re-canvassing. The trickling in of evidence in support of an
argument already made cannot, as the Plaintiff argues, be controlled solely by
the Court’s discretion: much judicial time and cost would be incurred unless a
bright line rule was applied to winnow possible applications.

112 I appreciate that this position would cause a line to be drawn between the
position as to further arguments (which permits old and new arguments alike to
be raised) and that in relation to further evidence (which distinguishes
between further evidence in support of new arguments and that in support of
old arguments). However, this is not unjustified. As a matter of principle,
this reflects a distinction that may be made between finality in evidence and
finality in law. As I understand it, the concept of tentativeness used by Chan
Sek Keong J in J H Rayner ([70] supra) to describe an order that is subject to
further arguments relate to findings in law or how the evidence already
presented is to be construed. Finality in evidence involves separate concerns
– and that is why s 28B of the SCJA addresses further arguments rather than
further evidence. It is this that underlines the approach in Travista ([78]
supra), in which Judith Prakash J noted – expressly in the context of a final
and not interlocutory decision – as follows (at [38]):

… the purpose of further arguments is to highlight to the court an argument
which was not made, or not made properly previously, but the new argument must
be based on existing evidence. Otherwise, a party after having had the benefit
of hearing the grounds of the court’s decision will simply adduce evidence to
address flaws or gaps in its evidence and ask for the matter to be reheard.
This will affect the finality of the court’s decision.

113 Practically, the admission of further evidence would also often be more
disruptive to the conduct of the proceedings, distorting timelines to a
greater extent than if further arguments were simply made without such
evidence being adduced. This is because it may not stop with a simple
affidavit introduced by one party; the other party may, as the Plaintiff
acknowledged that the 1st Defendant could do in the present case, seek leave
to file a reply or response. If not curtailed, the potential for further
evidence to delay and disrupt matters is disconcerting.

114 In determining whether sufficient reasons have been shown to justify the
admission of further evidence in support of new arguments, there can be no
prescriptive list of factors for consideration given the myriad of factual
circumstances that may arise. That said, the time-tested factors set out in
Ladd v Marshall [1954] 1 WLR 1489 would likely be a useful starting point:

(a) whether the new evidence could have been obtained at the time of the
original hearing, with reasonable diligence, by the party seeking to introduce
it;

(b) whether the new evidence is such that it would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, even though it need not be decisive; and

(c) whether the evidence is such as is presumably to be believed.

115 In addition, the likelihood of further delay to the proceedings that would
be caused as a result of such admission, and the degree of prejudice that may
be caused to the other party, will likely be relevant. Where, as is the case
here, an extension of time is also sought to request for further arguments,
some of the considerations may overlap.

116 On the facts, leave to admit further evidence in relation to s 126(2) of
the EA and s 6(3) of the ITA is granted. While the new evidence could have
been obtained earlier, I appreciate that the issue of public interest
privilege is relatively novel and untested in Singapore. Further, the
importance of the further evidence to the further arguments that may be made
in the Discovery Application is immediately apparent: without these new
affidavits, public interest privilege under s 126(2) would be a non-starter.
The credibility of the affidavits is also not in question. The nature of the
evidence is such that they relate to largely undisputed facts; rather, it is
the legal characterisation and meaning of these facts that are likely to be in
dispute. Inordinate delay to the proceedings is therefore unlikely. In this
regard, I am unaware of any prejudice caused that cannot be compensated by
costs. For these reasons, I find that sufficient reasons exist for the
admission of the further evidence as sought by the Plaintiffs in the Further
Arguments Application insofar as they relate to the further arguments on
public interest privilege under s 126(2) of the EA and official secrecy under
s 6(3) of the ITA.

117 However, that part of the further evidence that is to support the
previously canvassed point in relation to legal professional privilege –
including both litigation privilege and legal advice privilege – cannot be
admitted. That being so, it would be for the parties to consider whether to
continue their pursuit of the further arguments in relation to those points.

Issue 3: Inspecting documents and calling for further evidence in assessment
of privilege

118 Properly speaking, the issue of whether the Court should, in determining
the applicability of a head of privilege, inspect the documents concerned or
call for further supporting evidence should only be considered at the stage
where the further arguments are substantively heard. But that would difficult,
as the Plaintiff in part invoked the Court’s ability to inspect evidence as a
supporting reason showing the strength of their case in favour of time being
extended and further evidence being admitted. In view of that, I will address
the issue here.

119 The Plaintiff submits that this Court should, at the original hearing of
the Discovery Application and prior to the release of the Judgment, have given
the Plaintiff an opportunity to file another affidavit to shore up his claim
as to legal professional privilege if the Court considered the evidence before
it insufficient to find in favour of the Plaintiff. Alternatively, the Court
should have inspected the documents concerned. In this regard, the Plaintiff
relied on the English High Court decision of Atos ([75] supra), where it was
held (at [37(4)]) that where an objection is taken to discovery on the ground
of privilege:

If sufficient grounds are shown for challenging the correctness of the
asserted right then the court may order further evidence to be produced on
oath or, if there is no other appropriate method of properly deciding whether
the right to withhold inspection should be upheld, it may decide to inspect
the documents.

120 I do not read Atos as supporting the Plaintiff’s submission so
definitively. As argued by the 1st Defendant, the proposition in Atos is not
either novel or unknown in Singapore. In Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
other appeals [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367, the Court of Appeal considered that there
may be grounds for the Court to inspect the documents concerned, and stated
(at [104]) as follows:

However, there is also a case for using this approach only in cases where the
judge has a real doubt about the claim of the party seeking to resist
discovery on the ground of legal professional privilege …

…

This approach was accepted by the New Zealand Court of Appeal in Taranaki Co-
operative Dairy Company Limited v Rowe [1970] NZLR 895, where Turner J,
delivering the judgment of court said (at 904), “[t]he jurisdiction to inspect
the documents of one party without disclosing what is in them to the other is
perhaps one to be conservatively exercised” [emphasis added]. Subsequently,
Cooke J (as he then was), in the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of
Guardian Royal Assurance v Stuart … observed thus (at 599):

As in previous cases in this Court (see Konia v Morley, Environmental Defence
Society Inc v South Pacific Aluminium Ltd (No 2) [1981] 1 NZLR 153 and
Fletcher Timber Ltd v Attorney-General [1984] 1 NZLR 290) inspection of the
documents by the Judges has proved illuminating. High Court Judges now appear
to be adopting this practice quite commonly in disputed privilege claims.
Experience suggests that its advantage in being likely to lead to a more just
decision outweighs the disadvantage that only the Judge and not the other side
sees the documents if the claim to privilege is upheld. Accordingly, in the
field of legal professional privilege at least, I think that in general a
Judge who is in any real doubt and is asked by one of the parties to inspect
should not hesitate to do so. [emphasis added]

[emphasis in original]

121 I understand the guidance to be that if the Court is in real doubt from
the affidavit evidence as to whether the claim of privilege is properly made
out, the Court may inspect the documents concerned on the request of either or
both parties. Indeed, to go beyond this would give too much leeway to the
party claiming privilege and allow him a second attempt at the same argument.
Further, inspection should be done with caution, as a decision on the basis of
such an inspection results in a determination without giving the opposing
party an opportunity to argue the matter fully.

122 In the present case, I was not in doubt in the original application.
Rather, my conclusion, though not stated as strongly as Plaintiff’s current
counsel may consider appropriate, was that the affidavit evidence was
deficient and did not support what was claimed. For the avoidance of doubt,
contrary to the Plaintiff’s submission, I made a positive finding that legal
advice privilege was not applicable. In the face of the evidence presented by
the Plaintiff at that time, there was to my mind no necessity for inspection
or further evidence. The statements in the supporting affidavits were not
doubtful or ambiguous in their claim or meaning; it was just that the
privilege was not supported by what had been asserted. Indeed, given the
unambiguity of the assertions, and the lack of doubt in my mind as to what was
asserted and its basis, calling for further evidence would not only be
indulgent but may also appear partisan.

Conclusion

123 For the foregoing reasons, I allow the Intervention Application, which
accordingly permitted the AG’s submissions in relation to the Further
Arguments Application to be considered. I also allow the Further Arguments
Application in part: I grant the Plaintiff an extension of time to request for
further arguments, but grant the Plaintiff leave to adduce further evidence
only insofar as they relate to the further arguments on public interest
privilege under s 126(2) of the EA and official secrecy under s 6(3) of the
ITA.

124 Directions for arguments on costs as well as other matters relating to the
conduct of this matter will be separately given.

Aedit Abdullah  
Judicial Commissioner

Ang Cheng Hock SC, Tan Ruyan Kristy, Lim Jun Rui, Ivan and  
Mak Sushan, Melissa (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar, Fong Cheng Yee, David and Shirleen Low
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first and second defendants;  
Aurill Kam and Jamie Pang  
(Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the intervener.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

