Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the COURT OF APPEAL of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 293

Originating Summons No 5 of 2017

In the matter of Sections 94(1) and 98(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161)  
---  
  
And

In the matter of Ong Cheong Wei, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of the Republic of Singapore  
---  
  
Between

LAW SOCIETY OF SINGAPORE  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

ONG CHEONG WEI  
---  
  
… Respondent

EX TEMPORE JUDGMENT

[Legal Profession] — [Disciplinary Proceedings]

[Legal Profession] — [Professional Conduct] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Law Society of Singapore

  
v

  

Ong Cheong Wei

[2017] SGHC 293

Court of Three Judges — Originating Summons No 5 of 2017  
Sundaresh Menon CJ, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA and Judith Prakash JA  
9 November 2017

Sundaresh Menon CJ (delivering the judgment of the court ex tempore):

1 The respondent is a solicitor who made false declarations of his income over
a period of time to evade tax. He pleaded guilty to and was convicted of two
offences under s 96(1)(b) of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed; 2008
Rev Ed) (“ITA”). The Law Society of Singapore (“Law Society”) convened a
Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“LPA”), which found that there was cause of sufficient gravity to refer
the matter to this court. The Law Society then brought proceedings to
establish that pursuant to s 83(2)(a) of the LPA, the convictions implied a
defect of character that made him unfit for the profession.

2 The Respondent did not contest the charge and the only question before us is
whether he should be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors. For the
reasons that follow, we are satisfied that he should be struck off.

The offences and the charge

3 The respondent’s conviction was for two charges of wilful tax evasion under
s 96(1)(b) of the ITA. Specifically, he had, wilfully and with the intent to
evade tax, made false entries in his income tax returns by misstating the
income he had earned from his law firm (a sole proprietorship) for the years
of assessment 2007 and 2008. The respondent pleaded guilty to the charges
under the ITA and was sentenced to four weeks’ imprisonment. He was also
ordered to pay a fine of $118,341.78, being three times the amount of the tax
he had evaded.

4 The charge against the respondent now is one under s 83(2)(a) of the LPA, on
the basis that these convictions implied a defect of character making the
respondent unfit for the profession.

5 The respondent chose not to participate in the proceedings before us, but in
reaching our decision, we take into account the arguments which he had raised
before the DT as well as certain authorities which counsel for the Law
Society, Mr Daniel John, has brought to our attention in fairness to the
respondent.

Our decision

6 The main issues are whether the respondent’s offences demonstrated
dishonesty and whether striking off is the appropriate penalty. We are of the
firm view that the offences did demonstrate dishonesty and that striking off
is necessary, for two reasons.

7 First, it is the settled jurisprudence of this court that a solicitor who
has been dishonest will almost invariably be struck off: Bolton v Law Society
[1994] 1 WLR 512 at 518, cited with approval by this court in numerous cases
including the recent case of Law Society of Singapore v Udeh Kumar s/o
Sethuraju and another matter [2017] SGHC 141 (“SK Kumar”) at [101]. If there
is any exception to this principle, it would be extremely rare, and there is
nothing in the present case to take it out of that principle. As Yong Pung How
CJ observed in Chng Gim Huat v Public Prosecutor [2000] 2 SLR(R) 360 at [107],
an offence of wilful tax evasion is akin to an offence of cheating or
defrauding the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore. It is clear to us that a
lawyer who is convicted of such an offence cannot be allowed to practice.

8 This situation should not be confused with that in Re Lim Chor Pee [1990] 2
SLR(R) 117 (“Lim Chor Pee”), a case which also involved tax evasion, but in
which the respondent solicitor was not struck off. There, the respondent
solicitor had been charged with two sets of offences. The first set was for
making incorrect tax returns “without reasonable excuse”, to which he pleaded
guilty. The court rightly observed, at [15], that these were not offences
necessarily involving dishonestly; negligence would suffice. The second set of
offences did necessarily involve dishonesty, as they were offences of wilful
tax evasion and criminal breach of trust. Crucially, the respondent solicitor
was not convicted of the latter set of offences: the wilful tax evasion
charges were compounded and the criminal breach of trust charges were
withdrawn. The court found, at [55]–[57], that the composition of the tax
offences did not amount to an admission of guilt. The court also scrutinised
the underlying facts of the case and concluded that it had not been
sufficiently proven that the respondent solicitor had intended to defraud or
deceive the authorities. Thus, dishonesty was absent on the facts of Lim Chor
Pee. This is not the case here.

9 Secondly, looking beyond local jurisprudence, a similar position is adopted
in other comparable jurisdictions. Solicitors who defrauded the tax
authorities have been struck off by the New South Wales Court of Appeal in New
South Wales Bar Association v Hamman [1999] NSWCA 404 (“Hamman”) and
Prothonotary of the Supreme Court of New South Wales v Livanes [2012] NSWCA
325; by the New Zealand Lawyers and Conveyancers Disciplinary Tribunal in an
unreported decision in proceedings against Raeline Marine Kelly, a barrister;
and by the Supreme Court of Tennessee in Board of Professional Responsibility
of the Supreme Court of Tennessee v Thomas Ewing Cowan E2012-00377-SC-R3-BP.
We note, in particular, the forceful statement from the court in Hamman, at
[85], that “‘[t]he Revenue’ may not have a human face, but … behind [it] (in
the final analysis) are human faces who are ultimately worse off in
consequence of fraud.” In short, tax evasion is widely – and rightly – viewed
as a form of fraud, and thus as an offence which makes a person unfit to be a
member of the legal profession. There is no reason for us to take a different
position in relation to lawyers in Singapore.

10 Finally, Mr John has drawn our attention to the fact that in the context of
similar offences committed by doctors and engineers, there have been some
cases in which the Disciplinary Tribunal of the Singapore Medical Council
(“SMCDT”) (in the case of the doctors) and the Professional Engineers Board
(“PEB”) and the High Court (in the case of the engineers) have declined to
strike off or cancel the registrations of the professionals concerned: see,
for instance, the decision of the SMCDT in Singapore Medical Council v Currie
Chiang (21 November 2013) and the decision of the High Court in Fong Chee
Keong v Professional Engineers Board, Singapore [2016] 3 SLR 221 (an appeal
against a decision by the PEB).

11 Since those professions are not before us in the present case, we do not
need to take a final view on the correctness or otherwise of those decisions.
We do wish to state that we doubt the correctness of those decisions. As we
observed in Singapore Medical Council v Kwan Kah Yee [2015] 5 SLR 20, at [49],
the leniency which is sometimes shown to errant members of other professions
seems inconsistent with the strict approach we take to dishonest lawyers. The
time may soon come for us to adopt a more consistent and principled approach
to dishonesty by professionals, and thus to bring the approaches into harmony.

12 That, however, is not something we need to decide today. We will turn to it
when an appropriate matter comes before us. For present purposes, the
correctness or otherwise of the position applicable in relation to the other
professions has no bearing on the well-established position in respect of
advocates and solicitors. As we observed in SK Kumar (supra at [7]), at [104],
the zero-tolerance policy in respect of dishonest lawyers is “essentially a
function of the special role that advocates and solicitors have as officers of
the court to assist in the administration of justice.” It follows from this
special role that an obligation of steadfast honesty is woven into the core of
a lawyer’s professional identity. Even if it were thought (and it might not in
the final analysis be the case) that a dishonest doctor or engineer could
sometimes be let off with a suspension, the court simply cannot allow an
advocate and solicitor, as an officer of the court, to practise once he has
been shown to be dishonest.

Conclusion

13 We therefore strike off the Respondent from the roll of advocates and
solicitors and order that he pay the Law Society costs of $7,000 all-in,
inclusive of disbursements.

14 Finally, we wish to express our appreciation to the Law Society and its
counsel for their scrupulousness in ensuring that all relevant authorities
were brought to our attention in the respondent’s absence.

Sundaresh Menon Andrew Phang Boon Leong Judith Prakash  
Chief Justice Judge of Appeal Judge of Appeal

Daniel John and Kevin Cheng (Goodwins Law Corporation) for the applicant; and

the respondent in person.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

