Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the family JUSTICE courtS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 18

Divorce Transfer No 1770 of 2014  
MSS 1361, 1410 and 1524 of 2017

Between

TBZ

… Plaintiff

And

TCA

… Defendant

judgment

[Family law] — [Matrimonial assets] — [Division]

[Family law] — [Maintenance] — [Assessment]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TBZ

  
v

  

TCA

[2017] SGHCF 18

High Court — Divorce Transfer No 1770 of 2014  
Valerie Thean JC  
28 February, 1, 22, 29-30 March, 16 May 2017

28 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean JC:

Introduction

1 In this judgment I deal with parties’ ancillary matters following upon their
divorce. The plaintiff (the “Husband”) is 55 years old and the defendant (the
“Wife”) is 54 years old. The parties married on 20 October 1991, and have
three children: an elder son aged 25, a daughter aged 24, and a younger son
aged 22. The present proceedings relate to a division of their matrimonial
assets and maintenance for their adult children.

Background

2 Both the Husband and the Wife are successful doctors. The Husband is a
neurosurgeon. The Wife is a general practitioner with her own clinic (“FHMC”).
Since their marriage in 1991, both the Husband and the Wife worked full-time.

3 In 1992, the eldest child was born. In 1993, the Wife started her private
practice and in the same year, the daughter was born. In 1994, the Husband was
awarded a fellowship to pursue neurosurgery in the UK, and began the 30-month
fellowship on 31 August 1994. In 1995, the younger son was born. On or around
3 March 1997, the Husband completed his fellowship, returned to Singapore, and
began practice as a neurosurgeon.

4 Husband and Wife were successful in their careers and in property
investment. The family lived well. In 2009, the parties sent the elder son,
after his ‘O’ Level examination, to the UK for his ‘A’ Level education. In
2010, the parties sent the daughter and younger son to the UK for their ‘A’
Level and ‘O’ Level education respectively. All three children were placed in
boarding schools. The elder son and the daughter went on to attend university
in Ireland and the UK respectively, while the younger son returned to
Singapore in 2013 for National Service. He has recently finished serving his
National Service and plans to study Law and Commerce in Sydney.

5 In June 2013, the Wife moved out of the matrimonial home. The children
became polarised: the eldest son took the Husband’s side while the two younger
children took the Wife’s.

6 In or around July 2013, the Husband began a relationship, with “A”. The
Husband and A have a child, “B”, who was born in March 2014. The relationship
between the Husband and the Wife continued to deteriorate after their
separation, and the Wife was not informed about the Husband’s child. In the
context of a contested trial for a personal protection order, the Husband
admitted to B’s paternity, upon being confronted in cross-examination with a
copy of B’s birth certificate. The trial culminated in a personal protection
order being issued against the Husband on 24 March 2015.

7 The Husband commenced divorce proceedings against the Wife on 17 April 2014
on grounds of unreasonable behaviour. The Wife filed a counterclaim, also on
grounds of unreasonable behaviour. After a contested trial, Interim Judgment
(“IJ”) was granted on 18 March 2015 (the “IJ Date”) on the Wife’s
counterclaim: TBZ v TCA [2015] SGFC 41. The IJ also recorded that parties
agreed that sole custody, care, and control of the younger son, who was then
aged 20, be granted to the Wife. At the time of the IJ, the Wife confirmed
that she did not seek maintenance for herself. The remaining ancillary matters
regarding the division of their property and maintenance for the children were
adjourned to Chambers and transferred to the High Court.

Division of assets

Overview

8 I start with the operative date for delineating the assets. Here the
guidance of the Court of Appeal is to use the IJ Date as a general rule,
“unless the particular circumstances or justice of the case warrant it”:
seeARY v ARX and another appeal [2016] 2 SLR 686 (“ARY v ARX”) at [31]).

9 In this case, the Husband made his submissions expressly on the basis of the
IJ Date. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 22.

The Wife proposed two different dates at different times. In her first
submissions, she initially suggested the date of the hearing of the ancillary
matters (“AM Date”) because of the earnings the Husband would have accumulated
as a neurosurgeon between the time of the IJ and the AM Date. Later, in the
context of asking for an adverse inference against the Husband, the date of
June 2013, when the parties started living separate lives, was suggested
instead. In the present case, while parties lived separate lives from June
2013, the Husband’s divorce writ, which was filed before the Wife’s, was only
filed later in April 2014, with IJ in March 2015. In my view, between the
three positions advanced by parties, the IJ Date in this case is the most
appropriate date for the delineation of the asset pool. The AM Date would be
too far from the date of separation. The separation, on the other hand, was
marked by a series of emotional events: as at June 2013, the divorce, even if
contemplated, was not immediately imminent for parties. The 18 March 2015 IJ
Date served as a useful juncture for delineating their assets.

10 Premised on the above, counsel were able to come to many agreed items
within the pool, which is much appreciated. The parties’ disputes centre upon
the following:

(a) The clustering of real property held in joint or sole names, whether some
properties ought to be segregated from the division between parties; and in
respect of some properties, the net values to be ascribed.

(b) The calculation of the Husband’s earnings; and whether the court should
award a sum for enhanced earnings premised upon his earning capacity as a
neurosurgeon up to his date of retirement.

(c) Delineating parties’ cash balances, and in this context, each party’s
allegations against the other as to dissipation of matrimonial assets.

Within these categories, issues in contention include the valuation date to be
used. I deal with these arguments in their context below.

Immovable properties

11 Parties have been extremely successful financially, and have, in their
joint and sole names, a substantial portfolio of real estate.

12 Regarding the valuation of these assets, the Court of Appeal recently
reiterated that generally, once an asset is regarded as a matrimonial asset,
it ought to be valued as at the AM Date, unless a departure is warranted by
the facts (TND v TNC and another appeal [2017] SGCA 34 (“TND v TNC”) at [19],
commenting on TDT v TDS and another appeal and another matter [2016] 4 SLR 145
at [50]). Nevertheless, where parties agree that a particular date should be
used as the date of valuation of the matrimonial assets, a court should
generally adopt that agreed date unless there is good reason not to do so (TND
v TNC at [24]). Prior to the hearing of the ancillary matters (“the AM
hearing”), parties were able to agree to use valuations of the various
properties as close to the AM Date as practicable. For the four local
properties in the parties’ joint names (alluded to hereinafter as “Namly”, “Bo
Seng”, “AMK” and “Riveria”), valuations were obtained in January 2017. For the
two UK properties (alluded to hereinafter as “Boydell” and “Abercorn”),
counsel agreed to use the latest available valuations.

13 Several issues arose in the course of hearing in respect of the immovable
properties. The first relates to the Wife’s contentions regarding the
Husband’s dissipation of his earnings and money held in bank accounts. She
contends that because the Husband’s dissipation of assets was so substantial,
only properties acquired jointly and held in their joint names (ie, Namly, Bo
Seng and Boydell) should be included in the asset pool, while properties which
the Wife had acquired in her sole name or, even if in joint names, had solely
paid for (ie, Riveria, Abercorn and AMK) should be excluded from division.

14 Viewing the facts of the marriage in their entirety, it is not appropriate
to segregate Riveria, Abercorn and AMK from the asset pool. First, AMK was
purchased in the early years of parties’ marriage and held as a joint asset
from inception. They invested in it throughout the marriage, during a good
part of which both parties were working together for the good of their
marriage. The Husband has made indirect and, - as I find below - direct
contributions to the Wife’s building up of the practice. Throughout their
marriage, various dividends and directors’ fees were declared in respect of
FHMC. These notional fees and dividends were not paid out and instead used to
pay for the AMK mortgage. In respect of Riveria and Abercorn, these were
purchased in the last period of their marriage, and were related to the
Husband’s contentions as to the Wife’s dissipation of assets. Riveria was
purchased in the Wife’s name but financed from bank accounts which were
matrimonial assets. Abercorn was purchased by the Wife in 2012. She was able
to do so, first, because the Husband had been financing the family’s expenses
in their entirety, and then later, out of funds to which he had contributed.
In light of the legislative mandate to “treat all matrimonial assets as
community property… to be divided in accordance with s 112 of the [WC]” (see
Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye [2007] 3 SLR(R) at [40]), it is in my view more
appropriate on the facts of this case to consider, in an accumulated pool, all
the properties acquired in the context of their long marriage. Any contention
as to dissipation should be considered separately, and I do this below.

15 A second issue related to liabilities relevant to the valuation of the
properties. Because valuations were obtained at a specific date, the court
asked parties in the course of proceedings to specify liability figures near
to the respective valuation dates in order to obtain accurate net values. The
Husband supplied net values with liability figures as near to the valuation
date as practicable. The Wife is of the view that the liabilities ought to be
dealt with as follows:

(a) Namly, Bo Seng and Boydell should be valued by “taking the current market
price (as of 2017) and deducting outstanding loans as of April 2017”. These
were the only properties towards which both parties had made direct financial
contributions. Further, Namly and Bo Seng were or should have been income-
producing assets, and the returns therefrom had or should have financed the
mortgage repayments in relation to them. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Wife’s submissions on Operative Date at paras 6(i), 7 and 8.

(b) AMK, Abercorn and Riveria should be valued by “taking the current market
price (as of 2017) and deducting the outstanding loans as of … October 2015”,
when the Wife’s first AOM was filed. The Wife had been solely responsible for
the mortgage repayments in relation to these properties. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Wife’s submissions on Operative Date at paras 6(ii) and 9–13.

16 In short, the Wife asks for a later liability date in some cases and an
earlier one in others. There is no rationale suggested for the inconsistency.
Her contention is that she contributed solely to AMK, Abercorn and Riveria,
and that Namly and Bo Seng were investment properties the income from which
went towards paying off the liabilities on them. These are, however, more
accurately dealt with as questions of the parties’ direct financial
contributions to the relevant properties, which I deal with below. To accept
the Wife’s contentions here would effectively be taking into account her
contributions to the properties in question twice over: reducing the apparent
value of the assets in her name, and also, giving her increased credit in
terms of direct financial contributions. Similarly the suggestion of an April
2017 liability date was impracticable and would leave the court at the mercy
of parties who vacillate for tactical advantage.

17 In my view, using a date to determine liability which is too far different
from the date of market valuation for the purpose of valuing the asset for
subsequent division is wrong in principle. The Court of Appeal in ARY v ARX at
[42] and similarly TND v TNC at [23] used the net market values of the
matrimonial assets as at the first date of the ancillary matters hearing. A
matrimonial asset at any given point of time is the equity of the parties in
that asset. This equity is, in turn, the difference between the value that the
parties will be able to realise from the asset (the market value) and the
outstanding liabilities owed by the parties on the asset at the relevant time.
It follows then that as similar dates as practicable ought to be used in order
to reach a fair result.

18 A related point was the Wife’s contention that the Husband ought to have
rented out Namly, rather than to have continued to live in the property, which
was their matrimonial home before she moved out. She asked for notional rent
to be added in accounting for the net value. In my view, the fact that the
Husband lived at their former matrimonial home rent-free was a consideration
more relevant to Stage 3 of the analysis in ANJ v ANK [2015] 4 SLR 1043 (“ANJ
v ANK”) (ie, adjustment of the ratios after both direct and indirect
contributions have been considered), and ought not to be considered for the
purposes of the net value.

19 In respect of Riveria, three issues were raised by the Wife. First, there
were two term loan liabilities totalling about $275,000, introduced into the
asset schedule for the first time on the second day of the ancillary matters
hearing, and which counsel for the Husband submitted ought not to be added to
the liability. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Husband’s Reply Submissions (on Specific Issues) paras 1-18.

For the first term loan, there was no evidence linking this amount to payments
made for the purchase of Riveria. The Wife also at one point stated that this
loan had been used to pay for Abercorn, but she separately contradicted
herself saying that the three insurance policies discovered in interrogatories
(dealt with below) had been used for that purpose. At the same time, as at
November 2011 when Riveria was purchased, her Citibank account had some
$750,000. The second term loan was maintained, as well, when her Citibank
accounts had over $500,000. In Thery Patrice Roger v Tan Chye Tee [2014] SGCA
20 (“Thery”), the Court of Appeal gave guidance at [31]–[32] that such loans
may be taken as paid up. I agree with the Husband that the term loans ought to
be omitted from the asset table. Only the housing loan is factored into the
value of Riveria in the table below.

20 Secondly, while it is agreed that the Wife’s late father had given her a
gift of $208,648.63 which had been deposited an account at Bank of Montreal
Nesbitt Burns (“BMO Nesbitt”), 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

2WBOD at pp 782–789.

the Wife deducts this from the value of Riveria and the Husband does not. The
gift was made in 2005 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

BOA Vol 2 p.785-6.

and was not kept separate. It is no longer traceable. By the Wife’s own
account, the Husband’s name was added to the account around 2006. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wife’s affidavit of 5 April 2017, para 8.

The funds, furthermore, have been commingled with funds injected by the
Husband. The funds in the joint account were used for investment, and then
later put into Riveria. In line with the approach in Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee
Guan (Wong Yong Yee, co-respondent) [2006] 4 SLR(R) 605 at [57]–[58], no
deduction is made for this.

21 Thirdly, mid-way through the AM hearing, counsel for the Wife sought to add
a $350,000 loss for Riveria. Purchased by the Wife at $2.1m, it was valued
around the AM Date at $1.75m. No rationale was given for adding the loss. I
note the loss enables the Wife to have the benefit of a lower valuation of an
asset within the pool which she asks to retain. There is no principled reason
to additionally factor in the loss again.

22 In summary, all the immoveable properties owned jointly or solely by
parties are classed together in a global approach for division. The net values
of the various properties are determined by reference to their valuation
dates, minus the housing loan liability as near to the valuation date as
practicable. No additional notional rent is added for the Husband’s occupation
of Namly. For Riveria, the two term loans are excluded; and neither the
father’s earlier cash gift nor the loss in value since purchase are set off
against its value.

The Husband’s earnings post-IJ

23 It follows from my finding that the assets should be delineated as at the
IJ Date, that the account of both parties’ earnings ends at that date. This is
fair in the circumstances. Relations between parties were highly acrimonious
from June 2013, neither was helping the other’s career, they were living
wholly separate lives, and even the children were polarised. Beyond the IJ
Date, they could not be said to have been earning or working for the purposes
of a joint family life.

24 Aside from the dissipation arguments which will be dealt with below,
counsel for the Wife makes two submissions in relation to the Husband’s
earnings. The first relates to his earnings up to the AM Date. She submits
that $500,000 should be added back to the matrimonial pool for each year up to
2016. She does not, however, offer to add the Wife’s earnings up to the AM
Date. I am of the view that a consistent and uniform date should be used as
the operative date for the determination of both parties’ earnings. I
therefore exclude sums earned post-IJ Date.

25 The Wife’s second submission in respect of the Husband’s earnings relates
to a claim for the division of his “enhanced earnings” up to the date of his
retirement. She claims that if not for her earnings and support from 1994 to
1997, when the Husband was pursuing his fellowship in the UK, the Husband
would not have had the opportunity to specialise in neurosurgery. Accordingly,
the “enhanced earnings” of the Husband, by virtue of his specialisation in
neurosurgery, is a matrimonial asset liable for division. She relies upon two
New York decisions. In O’Brien v O’Brien 498 NYS 2d 743 (NY, 1985), the New
York Court of Appeals held that a professional licence could constitute a
matrimonial asset subject to equitable distribution to the extent that it is
acquired during marriage. Similarly in Chamberlain v Chamberlain 808 NYS 2d
352 (NY App Div, 2005), the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court upheld a
trial court’s award to the husband of 30% of the value of the degrees and
licence that constituted the enhanced earning capacity achieved by the wife.
These cases do not, however, apply in Singapore, which has a wholly different
statutory basis from the State of New York. There is no principled premise,
either in statute or caselaw, to treat a professional licence as property is
such an expansive way or to claim for future earnings in this extended manner.
The Wife’s support for the Husband’s specialisation and career, both direct
and indirect, is considered instead in the analysis leading up to the ratio of
distribution of their assets liable for division.

Cash assets

26 In this case, there were contentions of dissipation on both sides in
relation to various bank balances. This section deals with the cash assets in
the asset table outside of the dissipation issues, which are dealt with in the
next section.

27 In respect of the valuation date to be used, while a date near the AM date
is used for valuing the real properties, different dates may also be used for
different categories of assets: see Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and
another appeal [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“Yeo Chong Lin”) at [39]. For the bank
accounts, counsel initially agreed to use the time of filing of the parties’
first Affidavits of Assets and Means (“First AOM”), being the date nearest the
IJ Date as practicable. The table of assets drawn up for the purposes of the
AM hearing was prepared on the basis of values used in parties’ first AOM.

28 Use of the IJ Date was just and equitable in the context of this case.
Parties started living separate and independent lives from before the time of
the IJ. It was thus a reasonable expectation on their part that they would be
free to spend from their bank accounts from the date at which their separation
formalised, being the IJ Date, without having to account for or rebut
contentions of wrongful dissipation past that date. A distinction may usefully
be drawn between bank accounts and other kinds of assets, such as the
immovable property dealt with above. For properties, values may fluctuate
significantly between the IJ Date and the AM Date. The accommodation needs of
the family may require realisation of particular properties: in a falling
market, if the valuation date is much earlier, hardship may arise; conversely,
in a rising market, too early a valuation date may result in the allocation
carrying an unintended and uneven windfall effect. Funds in bank accounts, in
contrast, are by their nature easily moved or spent. Here, the contentions as
to dissipation were substantial and increased over time. The later the date
chosen, the more complex the exercise. The IJ Date was more practical.

29 In the course of the AM hearing, after the release of the Court of Appeal’s
decision in TND v TNC, counsel for the Wife contended, in view of the
depletion of funds between the separation date and the AM Date, that the
Husband’s bank balances should be valued “as of the last quarter of 2013”,
when they amounted to approximately $1,700,000, in contrast to the $200,000
that they amounted to at around the IJ date. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Wife’s submissions on Operative Date at paras 14–17.

At the same time, she advanced the position that the Wife’s accounts would be
valued as at the first AOM date.

30 It would not, however, be fair to do so for several reasons. First, money
moved to and from parties’ various accounts. To use different dates for the
Husband and the Wife would create the possibility of funds being counted more
than once, resulting in inaccuracy. Secondly, both parties had paid reasonable
expenses for themselves and the children between June 2013 and the IJ date,
and some account had to be taken for that. A uniform date for all bank
balances would yield the most just result. Arising from the parties’ pre-
hearing agreement, the bank balances for all accounts were shown as at
parties’ first AOM, which was as near as practicable to the IJ Date. It would
be most practical, therefore, to use this date, rather than an or later date
for the Husband’s balances.

31 I therefore proceed on the basis of the agreed balances as at First AOM,
being a date near the IJ Date. In addition, I turn to consider whether I
should add any sum to this balance arising from the dissipation arguments made
by parties against each other.

Dissipation and adverse inference contentions

32 Each party asked for an adverse inference to be drawn against the other, on
the basis that the other had dissipated and hidden away marital assets. I am
satisfied on the evidence that both parties have embarked on a mutual hide-
and-seek exercise in relation to their wealth. There was, at the same time, a
lack of precision in the allegations and calculations, and no small degree of
obfuscation on both sides. In this respect, an adverse inference is drawn
against both parties. In Chan Tin Sun v Fong Quay Sim [2015] 2 SLR 195, the
Court of Appeal held at [64] that there were at least two ways in which an
adverse inference could be dealt with, either by way of uplifting the other
party’s proportion of the assets, or adding an amount into the pool. Where the
sum of money is known, the better approach would be to add the known sum into
the pool: see [66]. In this case, a percentage uplift could well be too
arbitrary. At the same time, the nature of the evidence proffered makes it
difficult to pinpoint with precision the exact amounts dissipated: any sum
perforce must be an estimate. Weighing up the alternatives in the
circumstances, I am of the view that in this case, justice would be better
served in making a single assessment in the round, as to the appropriate sum
to be added to the pool. I detail my reasons below.

The Wife’s contentions about the Husband

33 I start first with the Wife’s contentions against the Husband. The Wife
submitted initially that approximately $3,237,592.69 has been dissipated by
the Husband since a divorce became imminent in 2013, which sum should be added
back to the pool of matrimonial assets. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at para 84.

This comprised $1,737,592.69 (that is the difference between the $2,017,956.26
in his bank accounts as at 2013 and the $280,363.57 in his bank accounts as at
the IJ Date) and $500,000 in earnings for each of the years from 2014 to 2016
that the Husband has not accounted for.

34 The Wife’s figures were somewhat inflated. In respect of the $500,000 in
earnings for each of the years, I reiterate my finding that only the earnings
up to the IJ Date are to be taken into account. The Husband explained in his
response to the Wife’s request for interrogatories that he had withdrawn
$600,000 from his bank accounts in May 2014 to repay a loan of that amount
taken from his mother in October 2013. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

3WBOD at pp 2003–2004.

She does not dispute the loan from and repayment to the mother (she also
deducts the loan in her computation of the sums outstanding). 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Annexure 1, Wife’s submissions for AM.

The Husband also explained how the RBS Coutts accounts were consolidated into
his account and closed, and the money moved to his HSBC account. With the
explanation and bank details adduced of the movement between accounts, the
Wife’s computation of $2,017,956.26 appears to be erroneous. In 2012, when the
RBS Coutts accounts were intact, the Husband had about $873,800.03 in his
accounts. Then, after the repayment to his mother (which was not disputed) and
the movement of the funds to HSBC, he had $693,543.56 in his accounts around
end 2013. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Exhibit B.

He also had $450,363.10 in his accounts around the time of the IJ, and not
$280,363.57.

35 The Wife does not challenge most of this evidence. Instead, she takes issue
with the manner in which the Husband withdrew the monies, and suggests that
the rather complicated route adopted by the Husband shows that he had “gone to
extraordinary lengths to alienate” his assets. In particular, she points to
the withdrawal by the Husband of large amounts in cash on almost a daily basis
over “practically every other month in 2014 and 2015”, and the sum of over
$200,000 that he paid to his lawyers. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at paras 73–74.

I should add that mid-way through the AM hearing, on 13 March, the Wife filed
a summons to ask for the production of statements of all bank accounts held by
the elder son from 1 October 2012 to 31 July 2016, and all documents
evidencing the expenses incurred for the daughter and younger son from 1
January 2013 to 30 June 2013. In the affidavit filed in support of the
summons, she made various contentions based on hearsay, in particular that the
elder son told her that the Husband had transferred large sums of money to
him. This had no factual basis, and came after parties had worked through
multiple rounds of extensive discovery on both sides prior to the AM hearing.
The summons was dismissed.

36 While the Wife highlighted the withdrawals, she ignored the deposits that
the Husband made, and his explanation as to the treatment of cash within his
practice. The Husband’s $200,000 or so spent in legal fees were detailed by
the lawyers in a letter, and the Wife’s submission that “the only conclusion
is that he has disingenuously alienated these amounts” 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at para 74.

was not reasonable. The Husband was also supporting his mother, and deposed
that he had spent approximately $345,000 on the expenses of himself, his
mother, and the family. It was not in dispute in this case that parties’
expenses were high. For example, the Husband spent $75,000 or so on a family
holiday with the Wife and children in Italy and the UK in November 2011; he
spent some $47,000 on a Rolex as a gift for the Wife that same month. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Husband’s submissions (Vol 2) dated 7 April at para 14.

The eldest child, for example, in his maintenance affidavit deposed that the
Husband had between 2013 and the IJ Date paid for all his education and living
expenses in the UK, including his return air tickets to the UK. These expenses
included, across the relevant period, university fees of over $100,000,
accommodation expenses of approximately $100,000, flight expenses of
approximately $10,000, and other living expenses of approximately $60,000. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Elder son’s Affidavit dated 11 May 2017.

The Husband had also purchased a car for the elder son’s use in Dublin. Even
counsel for the Wife’s estimate of the Husband’s monthly expenses was $50,000
a month.

37 Still, the decrease in the Husband’s bank balances between 2011 when the
RBS Coutts account had money, and as at the IJ Date ($423,437) ought to be
explained. The Husband was earning in the years in between, and his property
portfolio remained the same. Based on the Husband’s IRAS returns, and using an
average of 3 years, he earned an average of $76,497 per month after CPF and
tax. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Minute 28/2/17 at p 6.

38 The Husband contends that his expenses in that period were $69,000 per
month. Counsel for the Wife submits that his expenses were at most only
$50,000 per month. In my view, the difference between the figures could be
explained by the Husband’s support of the daughter and the younger son up
until the breakdown in the parties’ relationship in June 2013. It is
undisputed that the expenses of the daughter, who was studying in the UK in
2012 and 2013, were $15,000 per month, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Minute 28/2/17 at p 6.

and the total difference of $19,000 is consistent with the (undisputed) fact
that the Husband was supporting the younger son as well. That said, the
Husband stopped his support of the daughter and younger son from June 2013.
Expenditure after June 2013 merits greater scrutiny as that was the time when
it became clear that parties would separate. Expenditure on his second family
(for which $80,000 was conceded) would also not have been valid expenditure
from the matrimonial pool. Taking the difference between his average pay of
$76,000 over expenses of $50,000 for the 21 months between July 2013 and the
IJ Date, this meant that his excess over the 21-month period would be about
$546,000.

39 Looking at this $546,000 in another way, the parties’ portfolio of assets
shows that the assets in the Wife’s sole name are more than a million more
than the assets in the Husband’s sole name. In part, this was because Abercorn
and Riveria were acquired solely by her around the time of the marital
breakdown, while his funds continued to be channelled toward jointly owned
assets to which the parties had previously committed. The sum could be taken
as his lower household expenses from June 2013 from which we do not see any
additional asset realised. Out of this sum, $30,000 or so were spent on the
renovations to Bo Seng in 2013, which expenditure the Wife does not dispute,
could be taken into account. I also accept that legal expenses are valid
expenditure. A last adjustment arises from the Husband’s (admitted) disposal
of the Wife’s Rolex watch and diamond ring. There was a receipt of $47,000 for
the watch, but none for the ring. She claimed $120,000 for both items. It was
not disputed that both items were gifts from the Husband. Although inter-
spousal gifts are also matrimonial assets and the Husband is accountable for
their disposal, these were items of jewellery that would have a resale value
lower than their purchase price. Taking the respective allegations and
counter-allegations and various issues into account, and bearing in mind the
latitude I give to the Wife for her spending detailed below, I put a sum of
half a million into the asset table against the Husband for dissipation. This
is very much a figure in the round, an estimate premised upon the available
evidence.

The Husband’s contentions about the Wife

40 The Husband, on his part, made many contentions of dissipation on the part
of the Wife. The marriage had been troubled for some time: the Husband
surmised from diary entries that the Wife sought legal advice sometime in
December 2011. Her purchase of real property in her sole name also started
around 2011. In dealing with the Husband’s contentions below, I exclude
consideration of contentions regarding pre-2011 sums: these are too remote as
the sums were spent before there was any contemplation of divorce.

41 Initially in submissions the Husband contended that the Wife withdrew
various sums from three other bank accounts in their joint names: 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at paras 28(2)–28(4).

$663,393.07 from the account with BMO Nesbitt in September/October 2012;
$112,988.78 from the account with Citibank Investment in October 2012; and
$75,756.58 from the account with Barclays Bank in August 2013. In the course
of the AM hearing, counsel for the Husband conceded that the $663,393.07
withdrawn by the Wife from the parties’ account with BMO Nesbitt went to the
purchase of Riveria, that the Citibank Investment account was used to pay the
stamp duty for Riveria 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 28(3).

and that the money from the Barclays account went into the HSBC account, in
respect of which the Husband made other dissipation contentions which I deal
with below.

42 After considering arguments, I consider these sums to be of significance:

(a) $133,627.43 that was paid out in August 2014 by a universal life insurance
policy with Transamerica in the name of the Wife, to which the Husband had
paid 68% of the annual premiums totalling $125,716.20.

(b) $75,000 from the POSB joint account between the Wife and the younger son
in 2011, which monies had been deposited by the Husband as proof of funds for
the visa application by the younger son to study in the UK and were intended
to be retained for visa purposes over the period of his stay. The Wife
admitted that she had withdrawn the sum and kept it. There was no evidence as
to the date the Wife withdrew the sum, but the younger son returned to
Singapore for National Service before the IJ Date in 2015.

(c) $100,843.93 from the Wife’s HSBC account in the UK.

(d) $72,261 withdrawn by the daughter from her joint account with the Wife and
given to the daughter’s boyfriend. Although the Wife’s contention was that
money withdrawn by the daughter should be excluded, it was agreed by parties
at the outset that accounts held with their children were still matrimonial
assets. As such, the Wife should be taken to have agreed to the daughter’s
withdrawal of the money from the matrimonial pool.

(e) A Volkswagen for which the Husband paid $47,610. This car, it appears, has
been sold, and a BMW purchased with its proceeds and other funds.

(f) Pay-outs from three insurance policies which were discovered during
interrogatories, totalling $157,788.51. These policies were cashed out shortly
before the Wife filed her first AOM on 30 October 2015 and therefore omitted
in her first AOM.

43 These various amounts came to $587,130.87. The Wife’s response was that she
had to pay for the expenses of the daughter and the younger son after June
2013. The Wife would also have had, over the same period, the benefit of her
sizeable salary, although it was a little less than half that of the Husband.
While she asked for credit to be given for her legal expenses (in the same way
that the Husband’s legal bill of $200,000 was framed as reasonable expenses)
she adduced no evidence either of those expenses or of whether they were paid
out of the accounts from which money is said to be dissipated, or her other
Singapore accounts (such as her Citibank account or her term loans held
against Riveria).

44 In respect of this $587,130.87, a component concerned a Volkswagen that was
sold and a BMW that was subsequently purchased. As the elder son’s car in
Dublin has been taken as part of the Husband’s reasonable expenses but not as
part of the assets because it was in the son’s name, I think it fair that the
Volkswagen used by the family in the UK, and the BMW that was subsequently
purchased, ought also to be taken as reasonable expenses in light of the
family’s standard of living. I also note that the Wife had contended in her
affidavit that the insurance policies were cashed out to pay for Abercorn. As
I had at [19] decided not to attribute the Riveria term loan to Abercorn, I
will take the three insurance payouts as spent on an asset within the asset
pool instead.

45 Allowing for some $50,000 for the car expenses, and taking off another
$157,000 or so for the insurance policies, some $380,000 remains. It was not
disputed that the Wife had paid for the 2013/2014 school fees for the two
younger children, and their expenses post-June 2013. Using the annexure to the
Wife’s submission, the two children’s expenses appeared to come to about
$390,000. Over the 21-month period, this would work out to about $18,000 or so
per month. While this could seem a rather inflated amount in light of the fact
that the daughter lived rent-free at Boydell, the amount is similar to the
latitude of $19,000 per month that was applied to the Husband’s accounts in
assessing the movement of money between his accounts from 2011 to June 2013
when he paid for the expenses of the two younger children. Considering all the
circumstances, I do not add any sum into the pool in respect of the Wife’s
spending.

Table of matrimonial assets

46 Following from the above, parties’ assets come to $21,420,544.91. The term
loans which I have not included as liabilities within the Riveria asset value
are to be borne personally by the Wife:  
  
---  
S/No.| Asset Description| Court's Determination ($)| Reference and remarks  
Assets in joint names  
1| Namly| $5,451,626.32| Liability as at Jan 2017.  
2| Bo Seng| $6,535,967.86| Liability as at Jan 2017.  
3| AMK| $1,968,566.87| Liability as at Jan 2017.  
4|  Boydell, UK| $2,800,000.00| Agreed.  
5| Wife’s Clinic| $528,740.00| Agreed.  
6| Husband’s Clinic| $0.00 | Agreed.  
7| BVI Company | -$42,837.24| Agreed (held in equal shares).  
Total (joint names)| $17,242,063.81| -  
Assets in sole name of Husband  
8| Paeon Medical Group Private Limited | $0.00| Agreed.  
9| Company established by Husband| $2.00| Agreed.  
10| POSB (Sole) (a/c no. [xxx])| $65,099.25| Agreed.  
11| HSBC (Sole) (various accounts)  
Total: $290,785.79 |   
HSBC Current Account [xxx] | $186,210.91  
HSBC Savings Account [xxx] | $104,574.88  
12| HSBC Time Deposits Account  
[xxx]| $0.00  
13| HSBC (Joint with elder son) (a/c no. [xxx])| $94,568.06  
14| RBS Coutts Sole Account ([xxx])| $0.00  
15| RBS Coutts Cash Reserve Account held with elder son ([xxx])| $0.00  
15A| Dissipation amount| $500,000.00| Court’s finding.  
16| CPF Ordinary Account| $5,625.00| Agreed.  
17| CPF Special Account| $163,542.40  
18| CPF Medisave Account| $48,500.00  
19| NTUC Income (no. 0067770xxx)| $187,505.16| Agreed.  
20| NTUC Income (no. 0067646xxx)| $0.00| Agreed.  
21| NTUC Income (no. 91262xxx)| $0.00  
22| Porsche| $168,000.00| Agreed.  
Total (Husband’s name)| $1,523,625.66| -  
Assets in sole name of Wife  
23|  Abercorn, UK| $272,722.96| Liability as at Jan 17.  
24|  Riveria| $779,528.76 | Liability as at Jan 17.  
25| Standard Chartered Bank (Sole) (a/c no. [xxx])| $12,529.28| Agreed.  
26| POSB (Sole) (a/c no. [xxx])| $3,419.31  
27| Citibank (Sole) (various accounts)| $580,175.35  
28| Citibank (Joint with younger son) (a/c no. [xxx])| $18,501.21  
29| HSBC (Joint with daughter) (a/c no. [xxx])| $625.46  
30| HSBC (Joint with daughter) (a/c no. [xxx])| $41,273.58  
31| CPF Ordinary Account| $10,010.79| Agreed.  
32| CPF Special Account| $164,627.63  
33| CPF Medisave Account| $48,500.00  
34| NTUC (no. 67425xxx)| $239,589.03| Agreed.  
35| Prudential (no. 27981xxx)| $14,716.67| Agreed.  
36| Prudential (no. 27931xxx)| $66,554.56 | Was present as at IJ Date.  
37| TM AL (no. 00131xxx)| $154,500.00 | Agreed.  
38| Prudential (no. 49687xxx)| $0.00 | Agreed.  
39| Prudential (PrS)  
40| Prudential (PrSe)  
41| NTUC  
42| BMW| $87,578.85| Agreed.  
43| Singapore Island Country Club| $160,000.00| Agreed.  
Total (Wife’s name)| $2,654,853.44| -  
Total (all assets)| $21,420,542.91| -  
  
Ratio of division

47 The Court of Appeal in ANJ v ANK set out a structured approach (at
[17]–[30]) to determine a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets.
This approach may be summarised as follows (see ANJ v ANK at [22]–[26], [28];
Twiss, Christopher James Hans v Twiss, Yvonne Prendergast [2015] SGCA 52
(“Twiss”) at [17]):

(a) express as a ratio the parties’ direct contributions relative to each
other, having regard to the amount of financial contribution each party made
towards the acquisition or improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(b) express as a second ratio the parties’ indirect contributions relative to
each other, having regard to both financial and non-financial contributions;
and

(c) derive the parties’ overall contributions relative to each other by taking
an average of the two ratios above (the derived ratio shall hereinafter be
referred to as the “average ratio”), keeping in mind that, depending on the
circumstances of each case, the direct and indirect contributions may not be
accorded equal weight, and one of the two ratios may be accorded more
significance than the other. Adjustments may also be made taking into
consideration other relevant factors under ss 112 or 114(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”).

48 The Husband claims that he should be awarded 55% of the matrimonial assets
and that the Wife should be awarded 45%. The Wife, on the other hand, seeks
85% of the matrimonial assets and submits that the Husband should receive 15%.
21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Joint Summary, Part E.

Direct contributions

49 The Husband submits that he made 54.27% of the direct contributions to the
pool, while the wife made 45.73%. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Husband’s submissions (Vol 2) dated 7 April at para 54.

On the other hand, the Wife submits that she had made approximately 64% of the
direct financial contributions to the marriage and the Husband 36%. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at Annexure 5.

50 Ascertaining the sum necessitates scrutiny as to parties’ various
properties. The parties’ first matrimonial home was 35D Kovan Road (“Kovan”).
The Wife claims that the Husband paid for 59% of Kovan, while the Husband
claims that he paid 76%. I agree with the Husband, who gave evidence that his
parents paid the 15% deposit on Kovan. This was not disputed by the Wife, who
did not include this sum in her calculations. When Kovan was compulsorily
acquired in 1996, the $1,600,000 proceeds (“Kovan Proceeds”) from the
acquisition went primarily towards the parties’ purchases of Namly and AMK in
1996 and of Bo Seng in 1998. In line with Ang Teng Siong v Lee Su Min [2000] 1
SLR(R) 908 at [15]–[16], the ratio of direct contributions to the Kovan
Proceeds should be traced into the parties’ contributions to Namly and AMK,
which were financed at least in part by the Kovan Proceeds.

51 Regarding Namly, which subsequently became the parties’ matrimonial home,
the Husband claims that he paid for 67% of Namly, while the Wife claims that
he paid only 56%. The purchase price of Namly was $2,525,000. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

YKC’s Report at para 5.2.

The Wife submits that she had paid the 10% deposit by herself, as well as the
approximately 4% stamp duty of $96,580 at around the same time when she paid
the deposit. The Husband, on the other hand, submits that these monies came
from both parties. I prefer the evidence of the Husband. It is difficult to
believe that the Wife had accumulated sufficient savings to have made these
payments by herself. This is particularly given her contention that she made
the entire down payment for Bo Seng as well. While the Husband was on a
fellowship in the UK at the material time, he continued to receive his salary
from the local hospital where he worked, in addition to an allowance for his
living expenses in the UK. His evidence was that his pay was made available to
the Wife. On balance, I find that the parties contributed equally to these
sums. It is not disputed that Namly was rented out from July 1996 up until
December 2008, with the rental income applied to repay a mortgage on the
property with a value of 90% of its purchase price. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

YKC’s Report at para 5.3.

In line with Twiss at [18], these proceeds should be shared equally between
the parties and treated as their direct financial contributions. In addition
to that, the Wife’s accountant, Yin Kum Choy (“YKC”), and the Husband are in
broad agreement that the Husband and the Wife contributed around $1,113,300
and $422,007 respectively in cash to the mortgage loan. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 70.

It is also undisputed that the Kovan Proceeds were used towards capital
repayments of $272,000 in September 1996 and towards a first round of
renovations of $560,854. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

YKC’s Report at para 4.10.

In light of the above, I am of the view that the parties’ direct contributions
to Namly are 67% by the Husband and 33% by the Wife.

52 AMK is the property in which the Wife has her practice; there is also
associated rental income. The Husband claims that he paid for 23% of AMK,
while the Wife claims that he did not make any direct contributions to AMK.
The Husband submits that he is entitled to a half-share of all the rental
income from AMK on account that AMK was to be an investment property in his
and the Wife’s joint names. Even though part of AMK was rented out to FHMC,
for which FHMC in fact paid no rent, he should be credited with a half-share
of the notional rent that FHMC would have paid. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 91.

The Wife, on the other hand, submits that since the Husband made no payments
towards AMK, he should not be credited with having made any direct
contributions to it. On balance, the version of events put forth by the
Husband is to be preferred. The Wife does not dispute that AMK was meant to be
an investment property in the joint names of the parties. Moreover, the
Husband paid property tax on the rental income received from AMK. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

YKC’s Affidavit at G211--–G223.

Accordingly, I find that the Husband made 23% of the direct contributions to
AMK.

53 I should deal with a contention raised belatedly by the Wife, that a loan
taken up against Abercorn was for payment of AMK. This was a new contention
introduced only in the course of the AM hearing. Her accountant had computed
her contribution to AMK based on her representation that the cash was from her
savings and insurance policies. This loan is therefore not taken into account
for the purpose of calculating her contribution to AMK. Within the asset
table, it is deducted against the value of Abercorn as a liability relevant to
Abercorn.

54 The Husband claims that the parties made approximately equal direct
contributions towards Bo Seng, while the Wife claims that he paid only for 42%
of Bo Seng. Bo Seng was purchased for $2,650,000 in 1998, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

YKC’s Report at para 6.1.

and the parties lived in it as their matrimonial home from 1999 to 2009. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 111.

The Wife makes essentially the same arguments in relation to Bo Seng as she
does in relation to Namly: that the Husband could not have paid as much as he
claims towards Bo Seng because he lacked the means to have done so. For the
reasons above (at [51] above), I find on balance that the funds for the
purchase of Bo Seng, particularly for the down payment and other transactional
expenses like legal fees, came from the Husband as well. Moreover, after the
parties moved into Namly in 2009, Bo Seng was rented out. As with the renting
out of Namly, I attribute the rental proceeds to the Husband and the Wife
equally, and treat them as the parties’ direct contributions to Bo Seng.
Accordingly, I find that the parties made approximately equal direct
contributions towards Bo Seng.

55 The Husband claims that he paid for 89% of Boydell, while the Wife claims
that he paid only 74%. Boydell was purchased in January 2010 for approximately
$2,300,000. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 143.

This was financed by a $1,500,000 mortgage on Bo Seng and $800,000 in cash. It
is undisputed that the Wife paid $193,432 in cash and the Husband paid the
remainder of the cash payment. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at para 55.

The main point of contention between the parties is their contributions
towards the repayment of the $1,500,000 mortgage on Bo Seng. The Husband
submits that he was solely responsible for the mortgage repayments, and should
be credited with the full sum of $1,500,000. The Wife, however, points out
that this mortgage was repaid using the rental income from Bo Seng after 2010.
This was not disputed by the Husband. Accordingly, I prefer the submission of
the Wife that the Husband paid only for 74% of Boydell.

56 In light of the above, I find that the ratio of the parties’ direct
contributions is approximately 51.4: 49.6 in favour of the Husband, which I
further explain as follows:

(a) To reiterate, the total value of the pool of matrimonial assets is
$21,520,544.91.

(b) Based on my findings on the ratios of the parties’ direct contributions to
the assets held in their joint names, the direct contributions of the Husband
and the Wife to the assets held in their joint names are $9,445,343.94 and
$7,796,719.87 respectively. This is achieved by multiplying the percentage of
each party’s contribution to each asset by the value of the asset, and then
adding up the total value of the contributions by each party.

(c) The value of the assets in the sole name of the Husband, including the sum
allocated towards dissipation, is $1,623,627.66. This is allocated as his
direct contribution.

(d) The value of the assets in the sole name of the Wife is $2,654,853.44, all
of which are credited as her direct contribution. In this context I should
mention that although the Husband’s dissipation contentions suggested that
sums held in various joint accounts went into Abercorn and Riveria, he did not
dispute the Wife’s contentions that she was wholly responsible for the direct
contribution towards these properties. In any event the total value of
Abercorn and Riveria is less than 5% of the asset pool, and his contribution
would have been a smaller percentage of that.

(e) Summing up (b), (c) and (d), the total value of the Husband’s direct
contributions is thus $11,068,971.60. This is approximately 51.4% of the total
asset pool.

Indirect contributions

57 The Husband submitted initially that the indirect contributions should be
assessed 60:40 in his favour 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 168.

but in later submissions suggested a 70:30 ratio. The Husband argues that the
parties’ indirect non-financial contributions are relatively similar, but that
he made far great indirect financial contributions than the Wife. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at para 179.

From 1997 (after he returned from his fellowship) to 2013, he shouldered most
of the expenses of the household and of the children. On the occasions that
the Wife paid for the expenses of the family, she typically asked to be
reimbursed, and did in fact receive such reimbursement. It was because he bore
the majority of the expenses of the family that the Wife was able to
accumulate substantial savings, which she then used to purchase Abercorn and
Riveria.

58 The Wife simply submits that her indirect contributions were greater than
his. In particular, she helped the Husband to specialise, she single-handedly
ran the home from 1994–1997, it was her financial acumen that resulted in
their investment in Bo Seng, and she was the higher earner in the first ten
years of the marriage, laid the foundation for the family’s wealth and took
care of the daughter and younger son herself after June 2013.

59 All things considered, I am of the view that the indirect contributions of
both parties are equal. While the Husband made the lion’s share of the
financial indirect contributions over the course of the marriage, the Wife had
contributed very significantly in the early years of the marriage, and looked
after the family in Singapore while the Husband was away for three years of
specialisation. This was a long marriage of 24 years, and both parties worked
full-time throughout the course of the marriage. As doctors, they worked long
hours, including on weekends and public holidays. The children were sent to
childcare at very young ages, and the parties relied heavily on domestic
helpers to take care of the household. All 3 were also sent to boarding
schools. Both parents had a good relationship with all three children until
the family polarised in June 2013.

Final ratio

60 Assuming equal weightage between the direct and indirect contribution
ratios, the final distribution ratio would be very near equal, 50.7: 49.3.
While the Husband lived at Namly rent-free, I do not make an adjustment for
this purpose to the final ratio. Riveria, in the Wife’s sole name, was not
rented out either, and in London the Wife and two younger children had the
benefit of Boydell.

61 Pertinent to this case is the Court of Appeal’s guidance in ANJ at [30],
that the legislative mandate ought to be exercised in broad strokes, premised
upon the Court’s feel as to what is just and equitable on the facts of the
case. Arising from the length of the marriage and the couple’s wide investment
portfolio, their finances were highly intertwined. Owing to the passage of
years and the complexity of multiple payments and income from various
properties, it is best to regard the direct contribution calculations as
rather rough and ready, a holistic painting rather than a detailed photograph.
It would not be inapposite, in these circumstances, to adjust the figure to a
number “in the round”. What would this number be? Here, it is clear that for
almost two decades, the couple worked together for the good of the family,
accumulating a large asset portfolio through strong contribution from husband
and wife both on the home and the work fronts. There was, for the most part,
community of effort in building up their community of property. An equal
division is just, in light of the manner in which they arranged their lives,
and taking into account their respective contributions. Although the last five
years of their marriage were bitter, that ought not to be taken as
representative of the whole course of their marriage; in any event an equal
division would share out equally the burden of their mutually high spending of
the last few years. In my judgment, therefore, an equal division gives
appropriate dignity to their joint past endeavour, while giving parties a
sound platform upon which to build their future. I therefore so order.

Maintenance

62 As I have noted (at [7] above), the Wife is not seeking maintenance for
herself. This section deals with the maintenance of the three adult children.

Power to order maintenance of child above 21 years of age

63 I turn first to an objection initially raised by the Husband, which is that
the court is unable to order maintenance for adult children in ancillary
proceedings. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at paras 190–193 and reply submissions of 27
March 2017 paras 52-56.

64 The power of the court to order the maintenance of a child above 21 years
of age is provided in s 69 of the WC, which reads:

Court may order maintenance of wife, incapacitated husband and children

69.— …

(2) The court may, on due proof that a parent has neglected or refused to
provide reasonable maintenance for his child who is unable to maintain
himself, order that parent to pay a monthly allowance or a lump sum for the
maintenance of that child.

(3) An application for the maintenance of a child under subsection (2) may be
made by —

(a) any person who is a guardian or has the actual custody of the child;

(b) where the child has attained the age of 21 years, by the child himself;

…

…

(5) The court shall not make an order under subsection (2) for the benefit of
a child who has attained the age of 21 years or for a period that extends
beyond the day on which the child will attain that age unless the court is
satisfied that the provision of the maintenance is necessary because —

(a) of a mental or physical disability of the child;

(b) the child is or will be serving full-time national service;

(c) the child is or will be or (if an order were made under subsection (2))
would be receiving instruction at an educational establishment or undergoing
training for a trade, profession or vocation, whether or not while in gainful
employment; or

(d) special circumstances, other than those stated in paragraphs (a), (b) and
(c), exist which justify the making of the order.

…

65 In ancillary proceedings, the power to order maintenance is provided for in
s 127 of the WC. This is situated in Chapter 5 of Part X of the WC, that
provides for the powers of the court in relation to the welfare of children
subsequent to the granting of a decree of divorce. Section 127 of the WC
reads:

Power of court to order maintenance for children

127.—(1) During the pendency of any matrimonial proceedings or when granting
or at any time subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial
separation or nullity of marriage, the court may order a parent to pay
maintenance for the benefit of his child in such manner as the court thinks
fit.

(2) The provisions of Parts VIII and IX shall apply, with the necessary
modifications, to an application for maintenance and a maintenance order made
under subsection (1).

66 Section 127 of the WC must, however, be read in light of s 122 of the WC,
which restricts Part X of the WC to “child” as follows:

Meaning of “child”

122. In this Chapter, wherever the context so requires, “child” means a child of the marriage as defined in section 92 but who is below the age of 21 years. 

[emphasis added]

Counsel for the Husband thus submitted that the Court did not have power to
make maintenance orders for the adult children as part of the ancillary
orders.

67 Counsel for the Wife relied upon Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling [2006] 1
SLR(R) 416 (“Wong Ser Wan”) at [93], in which the High Court dealt with the
maintenance of adult children.

68 In Thery at [50], the Court of Appeal held that a child who has already
attained the age of 21 years as of the AM hearing must personally make an
application for maintenance under s 69(3)(b) of the WC. A parent is not in a
position to apply for maintenance on behalf of the child under s 69(3)(a) of
the WC because the parent cannot reasonably be said to be a “guardian” or in
“actual custody” of the (adult) child:

… Since the son has already attained 21 years of age, we think that he should
have personally made an application for maintenance under s 69(3)(b). We also
think that the wife is not in a position to apply for the son’s maintenance on
his behalf under s 69(3)(a) because it cannot reasonably be said that she is a
“guardian” or in “actual custody” of her 25 year old son. In any case, we are
unable to uphold the order of maintenance for the son’s education based on the
evidence before us. The son failed to state on affidavit that he was enrolled
in a course at the Kaplan Higher Education Institute. Nor did he provide on
affidavit details of the expenses incurred in studying at the institute. Under
these circumstances, we think that the Judge, with respect, erred in awarding
maintenance for the son in the sum of $50,450.

69 Thery’s guidance, therefore, is that any adult child who seeks maintenance
from a parent ought to file an application under s 69 of the WC, and moreover,
accompany the application with an affidavit regarding his expenses. The High
Court judge who decided Wong Ser Wan was part of the bench for the Court of
Appeal in Thery. Also, counsel for the Husband pointed out that it was clear
from the judgment in Wong Ser Wan that a maintenance summons had been filed by
the 21-year old daughter. Although the mother had filed a summons on behalf of
her 23-year old son, he had a history of mental disorders and had filed a
supporting affidavit to state his expenses. In line with the judge-led
approach pursuant to Rule 22 of the Family Justice Rules 2014 (GN No S
813/2014), I suggested to parties that, if they wished to pursue relief for
the children in the ancillary proceedings, the children ought to file
maintenance summonses and affidavits as required by Thery, and the complaints
should then be transferred to be heard by the High Court, as allowed by s 29
of the Family Justice Act 2014 (No 27 of 2014) and s 2(a) of the WC. This
would enable me to deal with all relevant matters together and was, in my
view, a more efficacious way of dealing with the issue. Counsel kindly agreed.
I therefore deal here with the maintenance of the three children now that
Maintenance Summonses Nos 1361, 1410 and 1524 of 2017, and relevant supporting
affidavits, have been filed and transferred.

Maintenance in the period between IJ and AM

70 I should mention that each child claims as against the parent from whom he
or she is estranged not only maintenance going forward from the AM Date, but
also arrears in maintenance since mid-2013 when his or her relationship with
the relevant parent broke down and he or she stopped receiving financial
support from that parent. I have dealt with the maintenance of the children
during the duration of the marriage up until the IJ Date in March 2015 as
reasonable expenditure out of the pool of matrimonial assets above, and it
would be duplicitous to consider them again here as maintenance arrears on the
part of either parent. Accordingly, I will consider the children’s claims for
maintenance only on and after the IJ Date, into the future.

Quantum of maintenance

71 The elder son is about to commence his final year in his course in medicine
at University College Dublin (graduation July 2018). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at para 25.

He claims a sum of $14,377.20 per month in maintenance, comprising the
following:

(a) $3,319 for school fees, an approximation after deduction of other expenses
below from the claimed sum (an average monthly sum based on his various years
would be $4,235.67); 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at paras 9–10.

(b) $3,876 for accommodation (€2,550 at current exchange rates); 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at para 15.

(c) $480 for return flights to Singapore (three times a year); 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at para 20.

(d) $6,702.20 for other living expenses ($3,000 in expenses covered by a
supplementary credit card provided and paid for by the Husband, and $3,702.20
in such expenses as utilities, telephone bills, school books, and a car in
Dublin). 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at para 23.

72 The Wife does not dispute the figure of $3,319 per month for the elder
son’s school fees. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 1.

She, however, submits that $4,736 per month would be sufficient. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 2.

Based on her figures of one return flight to Singapore each year ($160 per
month), and $400 per month for living expenses other than accommodation, what
the Wife is asking for is for the elder son to receive $857 per month for
rent.

73 Some of the disputed expenses are reasonable. I find that the elder son is
entitled to $2,275 per month in rent. He adduced a tenancy agreement showing
that his rent is $3,876 (€2,550) per month from November 2016 to July 2018,
and €2,395 per month from October 2014 to October 2016. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at p 42.

The Wife does not dispute the veracity of the agreement, and save for her
assertion that this sum is “exorbitant” provides no reason why he should
receive a lower sum for rent. Accordingly, I grant him $2,275 per month for
rent, which is the average of his current rent and the cost of accommodation
at the school dormitory. The $3,702.20 per month he claims for his other
living expenses including his utilities, telephone bills, books, and car in
Dublin, are also valid. The sum in largely borne out in the documentary
evidence adduced by the elder son. Neither does the Wife dispute his
explanations for the same.

74 On the other hand, I am unable to accept the elder son’s claim of $3,000
per month in expenses on his supplementary credit card. He exhibited the
statements of account for only March 2016, June 2016, July 2016, and September
2016, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Elder son’s Affidavit at Tab 4.

but not for the intervening months of April, May and August 2016. More
importantly, he provided no evidence as to reasonableness of his expenditure:
payments of $988 and $905.50 on 23 January 2016, for example, were expenses at
nightclubs. He should also receive the costs of only one return flight per
year ($160 per month).

75 Accordingly, I find that the elder son is entitled to about $9,400 per
month in maintenance, or about $347,800 over the 37 months between the IJ Date
and his graduation in July 2018.

76 The daughter is about to graduate from a course in medicine at King’s
College London (final examinations in July 2017). She makes no claim for rent
because she lives rent-free in Boydell. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 2.

She claims a sum of $7,203 per month in maintenance, including the following:
47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 2.

(a) $3,112.50 in school fees;

(b) $1,392 in living expenses (groceries, transport, annual return ticket to
Singapore, and entertainment); 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

2WBOD at p 858.

(c) $1,733.33 in other living expenses (such as telephone, utilities, dining
out, school books, and car); 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Daughter’s Affidavit at para 5.

and

(d) $965.17 in other expenses (including one-off payments such as that for a
car). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Daughter’s Affidavit at para 7.

77 As the Husband does not dispute the figures claimed by the daughter, 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 2.

I round down the estimate slightly to $7,000 a month. This ensures some parity
with the elder son’s $8,800, as the daughter does not pay rental and London
has a higher cost of living than Dublin. This comes to $196,000 over the 28
months between the IJ Date and the daughter’s final examinations in July 2017.

78 The younger son will embark on a five-year course at the University of
Sydney pursuing a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Law in July 2017. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Younger son’s Affidavit at para 7; Minute 16/5/17 at p 3.

His maintenance claim is $2,661.80 per month between the IJ Date and June
2017, and $9,408.33 per month between July 2017 and June 2022. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 2.

The figure of $9,408.33 comprises the following:

(a) $3,708.33 in school fees; and

(b) $5,700 in other expenses, comprising:

(i) $4,000 for rent;

(ii) $450 for return flights to Singapore (four times a year); and

(iii) $1,250 for other expenses such as telephone, utilities, books, and
groceries.

79 The younger son was in National Service, and thereafter waiting to go
overseas, up until June 2017, and the Husband does not dispute the figure of
$2,661.80 per month between the IJ Date and June 2017. Rounding this down to
$2,600, this would be around $70,200.

80 The Husband submits that the younger son should receive only $5,508.33 per
month during his tertiary education, and then only for three years (between
July 2017 and June 2020). This represents the costs of a three-year Bachelor
of Commerce (without a Bachelor of Law) at $3,208.33 per month and living
expenses of $2,300 per month (including rent). 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 3.

81 In light of the fact that affordability is not an issue for either parent,
it is reasonable for the younger son to be maintained for the duration of his
five-year course for both law and commerce at the University of Sydney. As
described in the Unconditional Offer of Admission from the University of
Sydney, what the younger son is pursuing is a unitary, composite course with a
duration of five years. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Younger son’s Affidavit at p 2.

In respect of his expenses, I find that the younger son should be entitled to
only the costs of one return flight a year, similar to his elder brother. The
$4,000 per month in rent claimed by the younger son appears also to be rather
high. Based on the exchange rate today, the Australian dollar is almost at par
with the Singapore dollar. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Younger son’s Affidavit at para 7.

The private accommodation that the younger son has identified averages only
$3,500 per month (A$875 per week), while the University hostel fees average
$2,200 per month (A$550 per week). Although the younger son is unable to
secure University accommodation in his first year because of his late
acceptance by the University, which delayed his application for University
accommodation, there is no reason why he cannot secure University
accommodation in his remaining years of study.

82 Accordingly, I find that the younger son should receive maintenance of
about $7,000 per month between July 2017 and June 2022, or $420,000 in total.
Adding this to the $70,200 between the IJ Date and June 2017 gives a total of
$490,200.

Proportion of contribution from each parent

83 The Wife submits that “[i]t was agreed that the Husband would be solely
responsible for the children’s tuition fees and living expenses until they
complete their degrees in the UK”, and that given his earnings, “he should be
solely responsible for [the younger son]’s and [the daughter]’s maintenance
until they complete their degrees”. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Wife’s submissions for AM at paras 113 and 116.

84 The Husband does not dispute that there was an agreement for him to
maintain the children in the UK, and adds that he had in fact been maintaining
the younger son and the daughter in the UK until mid-2013, when he discovered
that they “had been treating him with utter disrespect to the extent of
telling their friends that they had ‘disowned’ him and that they would take
his money and walk out on him”. He added in his written submissions that
because the relationship between the elder son and the Wife has severely
deteriorated from approximately the same time, and that he has continued to
maintain the elder son since, an appropriate solution would be “for him to
maintain [the elder son] solely and for the [Wife] to maintain [the daughter]
and [the younger son] solely”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Husband’s submissions for AM at paras 178 and 193.

In oral submissions, counsel for the Husband submitted that the parties should
bear the maintenance of the children equally. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 3.

85 In AUA v ATZ [2016] 4 SLR 674 (“AUA”) at [40], the Court of Appeal made
clear that every parent has a duty to maintain or contribute to the
maintenance of his or her children. Section 68 of the WC operates in tandem
with s 69(4), which specifically directs the court to have regard to “all the
circumstances of the case”, including, among other things, income and earning
capacity in deciding what sum to order in maintenance (AUA at [41]). While the
existence of any marital agreement is not one of the statutorily prescribed
factors in s 69(4) of the WC, the expression “all the circumstances of the
case” is wide enough to encompass the presence of a marital agreement which
relates to the maintenance of children (AUA at [42]). Accordingly, marital
agreements which relate to the maintenance of children could be relevant in
determining the quantum of maintenance to order. Undergirding these provisions
is the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities: both parents
are equally responsible for providing for their children, but their precise
obligations may differ depending on their means and capacities (AUA at [41];
TIT v TIU and another appeal [2016] 3 SLR 1137 at [61]).

86 In deciding on the weight to be placed on the terms of a marital agreement
when deciding on the quantum of maintenance to be ordered for a child, two
general principles apply. First, the welfare of the child is the overriding
objective. Second, a parent will not be allowed to abdicate his or her
responsibility of parental support. Where the parties have clearly addressed
their minds to the need to provide and care for the child, and the overall
provision is just and fair and does not fall short of what was is and expected
under the general law, nothing prevents a court from endorsing the substance
of the agreement. However, if the agreement would leave the child with
inadequate support, or if the burdens of parenthood thereunder are so unevenly
distributed as to be inconsistent with the principle of common but
differentiated responsibilities, the court will step in to ensure a just and
fair outcome that served the child’s best interest (AUA at [41] and [46]).

87 The Husband has a take-home monthly income upwards of $61,000 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Husband’s 1st AOM at paras 2–4.

, or an average of $76,000 with reference to historical data. While this is
adequate to maintain all the children, ordering the Husband to bear the entire
sum of maintenance would, as the Court of Appeal observed in AUA at [46], so
unevenly distribute the burdens of parenthood as to be inconsistent with the
principle of common but differentiated responsibilities. The Wife has a
sizeable monthly income, even if it is approximately a little under half of
the Husband’s. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Minute 16/5/17 at p 3.

My asset division also gives her substantial assets.

88 The total amount necessary for the children’s tertiary education from the
IJ Date and into the future, estimated with reference to [75], [77] and [82]
above, is as follows:

(a) the eldest child: $347,800;

(b) the daughter: $196,000; and

(c) the younger son: $490,200.

89 It is not disputed that prior to June 2013, the Husband paid for all the
expenses of the children. This included English public boarding schools for
all three children, starting with the eldest for ‘A’ Level education from
2009. From 2010 the daughter was sent for ‘A’ Level education, and the younger
son was sent for preparation for ‘O’ Levels. There were thereafter London and
Dublin medical degree expenses for the first two children, up to June 2013.
Thereafter he continued to support the elder son, while the Wife supported the
two younger children. Some of the funds used by the Wife for that purpose were
contributed by him (and taken as reasonable expenses rather than dissipation).
The combined sum spent by the Husband prior to IJ Date would amount to far
more than the combined sum of (b) and (c). The daughter has just finished her
degree this year. In my view, a fair allocation of the maintenance
obligations, going forward, would be for the Husband to bear the remaining
education expenses of the elder son, who is finishing his medical school in
Dublin, while the Wife bears the remaining education expenses of the younger
son, who will be pursuing his degree in Sydney. This decision results in the
dismissal of the elder son’s maintenance summons against his mother and the
dismissal of the daughter’s and younger son’s maintenance summonses against
their father. With these last issues behind them, it is hoped that the family
will focus on repairing their relationships for the future.

Conclusion

Allocation

90 In this case, each should retain the assets held in his or her sole name.
Both parties have agreed to sell Bo Seng and Boydell, and to wind up their
company which owns Boydell (parties have agreed to treat this as part of their
assets despite the corporate interface, as they are the controlling minds
behind the company). In order to distribute market uncertainty in the UK
equally, the proceeds of Boydell should be shared equally after the debts of
the company and the costs and expenses of sale of the property and winding up
the company have been paid.

91 Putting aside Boydell and their BVI company, the asset pool is
$18,663,380.10. The Wife’s half-share of these assets ($9,331,690), after
deduction of the assets held in her name, is $6,676,837 (to the nearest
dollar), which is close to the value of Bo Seng. Bo Seng should be sold in the
open market, with the Husband paying the Wife any shortfall if the sum
obtained is less than the sum owed to the Wife (if there is an excess sum this
should be retained by the Husband, who is servicing the mortgage). The Husband
wishes to live at Namly. Upon the payment of her share, the Wife should
transfer her interest in the property to the Husband, with any necessary
mortgage re-arrangements made.

Orders

92 My orders are therefore as follows:

(a) Each party to retain any assets held in his or her sole name.

(b) The Husband is to transfer any right, title or interest in AMK and FHMC to
the Wife.

(c) The Wife is to transfer any right, title or interest in the Husband’s
Clinic to the Husband.

(d) Parties to jointly arrange for the BVI company to be wound up and the sale
of Boydell in the open market. After discharge of loan and deduction of all
costs and expenses of sale and winding up of the company, the Boydell proceeds
are to be shared equally between Husband and Wife.

(e) Bo Seng is to be sold in the open market, with both parties having joint
conduct of sale. After discharge of mortgage and payment of all costs and
expenses of sale, the proceeds are to be paid to the Husband.

(f) Upon the Husband’s payment of $6,676,838 to the Wife, the Wife is to
transfer any right, title or interest in Namly to the Husband.

(g) MSS 1361, 1410 and 1524 of 2017 are dismissed.

93 As requested, I shall see counsel on costs and any necessary consequential
orders.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

See Tow Soo Ling and Zara Mok (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Suchitra A/P K Ragupathy and Jasmine Yong (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

