Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 175

Originating Summons No 398 of 2017

Between

| PACC Offshore Services Holdings Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Oral judgment

[Credit and security] — [Lien] — [Equitable lien]

[Land] — [Caveats]

[Land] — [Sale of land] — [Remedies under uncompleted contract]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
PACC Offshore Services Holdings Ltd

  
v

  

Kensteel Engineering Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 175

High Court — Originating Summons No 398 of 2017  
Tan Siong Thye J  
27 April, 8 May 2017

15 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 This application concerns the maintenance or removal of Caveat IE/364752C
(“the Caveat”). The plaintiff wishes to maintain the Caveat pending the
resolution of the parties’ main dispute in Suit No 898 of 2015 (“Suit 898”),
which is fixed for trial next month before a different judge. The Caveat is
over a piece of land (“the Land”) of which the defendant is the lessee. The
defendant has lodged an application (“the Cancellation Application”) before
the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) to cancel the Caveat. The plaintiff now
asks this court to order – pending the outcome of Suit 898 and any appeal
therefrom – that the Cancellation Application be stayed, that the Caveat
continue, and/or that the Registrar of Titles be directed not to cancel or
remove the Caveat.

The facts

2 The plaintiff is PACC Offshore Services Holdings Ltd, a publicly listed
company incorporated in Singapore. Its business includes the chartering of
ships, barges, and boats with crew. The defendant is Kensteel Engineering Pte
Ltd, a company incorporated in Singapore that provides engineering products
and services for petrochemical industries. The defendant leases the Land,
which is a waterfront property, from the Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”), a
government-owned real estate corporation and statutory board.

3 On 27 January 2015, the parties entered into a sale and purchase agreement
(“the SPA”) under which the plaintiff was to purchase the defendant’s
leasehold interest (“the Property) in the Land for a sum of $38m. The SPA
obligated the plaintiff to immediately pay a deposit of 10% of the purchase
price (ie, $3.8m) and the amount of goods and services tax payable on that
deposit (ie, $266,000). The total of the two sums, which for convenience I
shall refer to collectively as “the Deposit”, was $4.066m. The SPA also
provided that the sale of the Property was conditional on, among other things,
JTC granting in-principle approval of the sale (which I shall refer to as “JTC
approval”). Various clauses within the SPA set out the consequences if JTC
approval was not forthcoming, depending on the cause of the failure to obtain
JTC approval. The plaintiff duly paid the Deposit to the defendant and
subsequently lodged a caveat (“the Purchaser’s Caveat”) over the Land under s
115 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”). The Purchaser’s
Caveat, which is not the subject of this dispute, was stated to be in respect
of the plaintiff’s interest as purchaser under the SPA.

4 Ultimately, for reasons which are in dispute, JTC declined to grant its
approval. I shall refer to this event as “the Non-Approval”. On 17 August
2015, the plaintiff, on the basis of the Non-Approval, purported to terminate
the SPA and demanded the return of the Deposit. The defendant refused to
acknowledge the purported termination as effective or to return the Deposit,
taking the view that the plaintiff was at fault for the Non-Approval. Instead,
the defendant treated the plaintiff’s purported termination as a wrongful
repudiation, which the defendant allegedly accepted on 2 September 2015.

5 Also on 2 September 2015, the defendant commenced Suit 898 to seek, among
other things, a declaration that the defendant was entitled to forfeit and
retain the Deposit. In response, the plaintiff filed a counter-claim for the
return of the Deposit. Subsequently, on 18 December 2015 (ie, about three and
a half, or four months after the SPA had been terminated, depending on whether
the plaintiff’s or defendant’s purported termination date is used), the
plaintiff voluntarily removed the Purchaser’s Caveat and lodged the Caveat in
its place.

6 The Caveat stated the interest claimed as being that of a “lienholder over
the [Property] … for the refund of purchase monies (and goods and services tax
thereon) aggregating the sum of S$4,066,000.00 paid by the [plaintiff] to the
[defendant]”. The grounds of the claim were stated as being the entry into and
termination of the SPA and “the liability of the [defendant] to refund to the
[plaintiff] the said sum of S$4,066,000.00 or any part thereof as a result of
the termination of the [SPA]”.

7 More than a year later, on 20 March 2017, the defendant brought the
Cancellation Application before the SLA in respect of the Caveat. On 31 March
2017, the SLA notified the plaintiff that the Caveat would be cancelled after
30 days (ie, on 2 May 2017) unless, within that period, the plaintiff served
an order of court to the contrary on the Registrar of Titles. The plaintiff
therefore made the present application on an urgent basis. On 27 April 2017, I
granted, as an interim measure while I considered this application, an order
that the Registrar not remove the Caveat pending further order.

8 Lastly, it is relevant to note that after the termination of the SPA, the
defendant granted an option to purchase (“the OTP”) in respect of the Property
to a third party, Eng Lee Logistics Pte Ltd (“Eng Lee”). That sale is also
subject to JTC approval. The OTP was exercised by Eng Lee on 4 April 2017.

Issues

9 The issues before me are fairly restricted. As both parties have agreed, it
is not this court’s task to delve into the underlying merits of the larger and
substantive dispute between the parties. That dispute engages issues including
which party, if either, breached the SPA and/or caused the Non-Approval. Those
issues, and the overall dispute, are for the trial judge in Suit 898 to
decide. It follows that this court is not being asked to determine whether the
plaintiff has an interest in the Property capable of sustaining the Caveat
indefinitely. Rather, the question I must answer is whether the Caveat should
be maintained for the time being in order to preserve the status quo pending
the resolution of Suit 898.

10 In such a case, it is undisputed that the relevant principles are those set
out in Eng Mee Yong and Others v V Letchumanan s/o Velayutham [1980] AC 331
(“Eng Mee Yong”), a decision of the Privy Council which was endorsed and
applied by the High Court in Tan Yow Kon v Tan Swat Ping and others [2006] 3
SLR(R) 881 (“Tan Yow Kon”). As Lord Diplock (delivering the judgment of the
court) held in Eng Mee Yong (at 337, cited with approval in Tan Yow Kon at
[77]), the court embarks upon the following two-stage inquiry:

... [The caveator] must first satisfy the court that on the evidence presented
to it his claim to an interest in the property does raise a serious question
to be tried; and, having done so, he must go on to show that on the balance of
convenience it would be better to maintain the status quo until the trial of
the action, by preventing the caveatee from disposing of the land to some
third party.

11 Applying the Eng Mee Yong/Tan Yow Kon framework to the present case, the
following issues arise for my decision:

(a) Does the plaintiff’s claim to a purchaser’s lien raise a serious question
to be tried?

(b) Is the balance of convenience tilted in favour of cancelling or
maintaining the Caveat?

If both questions are answered in the affirmative, the Caveat should be
allowed to remain.

Decision

12 Having considered all the circumstances, and the arguments raised and
authorities relied on by both parties, I am of the view that the Caveat should
remain unless the defendant is able to provide an alternative form of
security. In the interest of providing certainty to both parties in what is
undoubtedly a time-sensitive dispute, I set out my detailed reasons below.

Does the plaintiff’s claim to a purchaser’s lien raise a serious question to
be tried?

13 In the present context, it is helpful to sub-divide the first question into
two parts:

(a) In the first place, assuming the plaintiff is entitled to the return of
the Deposit, would that entitlement or right give rise to a caveatable
interest?

(b) If that entitlement or right would give rise to a caveatable interest, is
there a serious question to be tried as to whether the plaintiff is entitled
to the return of the Deposit?

If the plaintiff’s entitlement or right to a return of the Deposit would not,
even if proven, constitute a caveatable interest, it would be unnecessary to
ask the further question of whether there is a serious question to be tried as
to the existence of that entitlement or right.

Would an entitlement or right to the return of the Deposit give rise to a
caveatable interest?

14 The parties explored this point in considerable detail in their written
submissions. As this is a fulcrum issue that will decide the fate of the
parties in these proceedings, I requested parties to make supplementary
written submissions to address each other’s arguments. I will therefore
analyse this issue at some length.

15 The plaintiff argued that it was settled law that a purchaser of land has
an equitable lien (known in this context as a purchaser’s lien) over the land
for the purchase price which he has paid. The purchaser’s lien is distinct
from the equitable interest which the purchaser has under the contract of sale
and is not dependent on the availability of specific performance. As authority
for this proposition, the plaintiff primarily relied on two Court of Appeal
cases, Chip Thye Enterprises Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd
[1994] 2 SLR(R) 68 (“Chip Thye”) and Bestland Development Pte Ltd v Manit
Udomkunnatum and another [1997] 1 SLR(R) 177 (“Bestland”). It also cited the
English case of Whitbread & Co, Limited v Watt [1901] 1 Ch 911 (“Whitbread”);
[1902] 1 Ch 835 (“Whitbread (CA)”), which Chip Thye and Bestland followed, and
the leading local text on land law, Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu and Kelvin F K
Low, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed,
2009) (“Principles of Singapore Land Law”).

16 The defendant’s response was that since the plaintiff, by purporting to
terminate the SPA, had renounced any intention of completing the sale of the
Property, its only interest was monetary and it no longer had any interest to
ground the Caveat. In support of this proposition, the defendant cited one
local High Court decision, Virginia Developments Pte Ltd v Behem Investment
Pte Ltd [1988] 1 SLR(R) 302 (“Virginia Developments”), and three Malaysian
decisions: Chia See Yin & Ors v Yeoh Kooi Imm [1996] 2 MLJ 494 (“Chia See
Yin”), EM Buxton & Anor v Packaging Specialists Sdn Bhd [1987] 1 MLJ 342 (“EM
Buxton”) and Yuny-Li Home Care Sdn Bhd v Fairview Development Sdn Bhd [2009] 9
MLJ 189 (“Yuny-Li”).

17 Having considered both parties’ arguments, I agree with the plaintiff on
this point. It appears to me that the defendant has conflated two types of
interest which a purchaser can have: first, the interest acquired under a
contract of sale, and second, the purchaser’s lien for purchase moneys paid.
For convenience, I shall refer to the former type of interest as “the
purchaser’s proprietary interest”. As a starting point, the learned authors of
Principles of Singapore Land Law (at [15.36]) have succinctly explained the
distinction between these two types of interest in the following terms:

… [A] purchaser has a lien over the land for the purchase price, in part or in
full, which he has paid. This equitable interest is not the equitable interest
which a purchaser has under the contract for sale. That interest is dependent
on the availability of specific performance while the purchaser’s lien is a
security interest. …

I turn now to the authorities from which the learned authors drew this
proposition.

18 In Chip Thye at [28]–[35], the Court of Appeal surveyed and approved of a
number of English cases (including Whitbread and Whitbread (CA)) in which the
English courts had recognised a purchaser’s lien despite specific performance
being unavailable. In particular, the court endorsed (at [35]) the statement
by Cozens-Hardy LJ in Whitbread (CA) (at 840–841) that:

… [T]he lien for the deposit exists so long as, and in every case in which,
the right to recover the deposit has not been lost by reason of the misconduct
of the purchaser. In other words, when the contract goes off either by reason
of the default of the vendor, or without any default on the part of the
purchaser, the lien becomes operative. …

As to the underlying justification for this position, that was forcefully
stated by Vaughan Williams LJ (in Whitbread (CA) at 838, cited with approval
in Chip Thye at [34]) as follows:

The lien which a purchaser has for his deposit is not the result of any
express contract; it is a right which may be said to have been invented for
the purpose of doing justice. It is a fiction of a kind which is sometimes
resorted to at law as well as in equity. … When Lord Westbury in Rose v.
Watson speaks of ‘a transfer to the purchaser of the ownership of a part of
the estate corresponding to the purchase-money paid,’ and Lord Cranworth
speaks of the purchaser being exactly in the position of a mortgagee of the
estate to the extent of the purchase-money which he has paid, those
expressions are merely verbal vehicles to carry the right which justice
demands that the purchaser should have. …

19 To sum up the position in Whitbread (CA), the purchaser’s lien is a
security interest that equity has invented because it would be unfair to the
purchaser under a rescinded or terminated sale agreement if such a lien did
not exist, given that the purchaser has a right to claim the sum paid towards
the sale of the property. In fact, the situation in which a purchaser’s lien
becomes relevant is when the contract for sale has been rescinded or
terminated, and specific performance of the contract is no longer available.
Given that practical reality, it would be illogical for a purchaser’s lien to
be dependent on the availability of specific performance because that would
deprive the device of the purchaser’s lien of all utility.

20 Having endorsed the principles encapsulated in Whitbread and Whitbread
(CA), the court in Chip Thye applied them to the facts in that case and
concluded (at [36]) that since the failure of the sale had not been due to the
default of the purchasers, the purchasers had an equitable lien “irrespective
of whether the sale agreement was specifically enforceable or not”.

21 Bestland confirmed the position in Chip Thye while also elaborating on what
was meant by the phrase “so long as … the right to recover the deposit has not
been lost by reason of the misconduct of the purchaser”, which was used in
Whitbread (CA). In Bestland, the Court of Appeal clarified (at [19]) that the
phrase did not mean that a purchaser’s lien would be lost so long as the
purchaser’s default caused the failure of the sale. Rather, the phrase merely
reflected the fact that there could be no lien if there was no entitlement to
a return of any part of the purchase money. The court succinctly stated (in
that same paragraph) the true position:

… The lien arises upon payment of part of the purchase money and while the
contract is in force the purchaser has a lien for that part of the purchase
money. When the contract goes off, whether or not by reason of his default,
and the purchaser is entitled to recover that part of the purchase money, his
lien for such money continues to subsist. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

Further, the court reiterated the underlying justification identified in
Whitbread (CA), stating (at [23]):

… The purchaser’s lien is essentially an equitable one, which has been
developed to achieve substantial justice between the parties. … In our
opinion, justice would not be served where a purchaser who is entitled to
recover from the vendor part of the purchase money paid is deprived of his
lien for that part of the money. [emphasis added]

22 Since Chip Thye and Bestland are decisions of the Court of Appeal, I am not
at liberty to depart from them. For completeness, I wish to add that I am not
persuaded that a departure would be justified even if it were permissible. I
say this primarily because, with respect, the cases cited by the defendant all
appear to concern a purchaser’s proprietary interest as opposed to a
purchaser’s lien. They are therefore not germane to the present dispute.

23 Virginia Developments was a case in which the interest asserted by the
purchaser in the caveat was not a purchaser’s lien, but an interest in the
whole property arising under the sale agreement, ie, the kind of interest
which depended on the availability of specific performance. As a result, Chao
Hick Tin JC (as he then was) was of the view that he only had to consider the
narrow question of whether the caveator was entitled to lodge the caveat by
virtue of his status as purchaser under the contract of sale (at [10]).
Indeed, Chao JC made it expressly clear that the availability of a purchaser’s
lien was a question which did not properly arise in the dispute before him,
stating (at [17]):

… Perhaps a purchaser’s lien might have arisen in favour of the defendants and
in respect of which a different caveat might be lodged against the said
property. That is a question yet to be argued and decided upon. … In any
event, that question does not concern us here and [is one] on which I would
not offer any views at this time. … [emphasis added; addition in square
brackets present in original as reported]

Virginia Developments, which was decided before Chip Thye and Bestland,
therefore says nothing about the availability of a purchaser’s lien and does
not assist the defendant at all.

24 The remaining three cases did not expressly draw a distinction between a
purchaser’s proprietary interest and a purchaser’s lien. Nonetheless, they can
be distinguished on much the same grounds.

25 Like Virginia Developments, Chia See Yin was a case in which the disputed
caveat was lodged on the basis of the caveator’s proprietary interest as
purchaser, as opposed to a purchaser’s lien. The purchaser, having paid the
deposit on a property, had failed to pay the balance of the purchase price by
the deadline for completion. Her argument at trial was that the vendors had
agreed to waive compliance with the deadline. The court rejected this argument
and found that the vendors had validly terminated the sale agreement due to
late payment or non-payment. From this it followed that she had no entitlement
to specific performance and no basis for her caveat. Two things may be
observed. First, the purchaser did not argue that she had a purchaser’s lien
and her caveat was not lodged on that basis. Second, it is clear on the facts
found in Chia See Yin that the purchaser would not have been entitled to the
return of her deposit because the sale agreement was terminated due to her
failure to pay the balance of the purchase price on time. There was hence no
basis for a purchaser’s lien.

26 Yuny-Li was also a case involving a caveat lodged to protect a proprietary
interest. The caveator there was a party to a joint venture agreement which
argued that its investment in the joint venture (including work done on the
land) entitled it to an interest in the land. Thus, not only was Yuny-Li a
case which did not concern a caveat lodged on the basis of a purchaser’s lien,
it was not even a case involving a vendor and purchaser, making it two steps
removed from being relevant to the present case.

27 Finally, EM Buxton is a case which is slightly less clear, but is still
distinguishable. The facts stated in that decision do not specify the interest
which was claimed in the caveat. The purchaser purported to terminate a
contract of sale, demanded the refund of the deposit that it had paid, and
subsequently lodged a caveat to (in the court’s words) “protect its interest
over the land”. Before the court, the purchaser sought to justify the
maintenance of the caveat on the basis of its entitlement to a refund of its
deposit. From these facts, one may suspect that the purchaser had in mind a
purchaser’s lien. Nonetheless, given that caveators do not always correctly
specify their interest on the face of the caveat, the facts as stated in EM
Buxton do not allow any firm conclusion to be drawn as to what the actual
stated basis of the caveat was. It may be that the purchaser in EM Buxton,
like that in Virginia Developments, had specified a more general interest in
the whole of the land. That is one possible reading of the words “interest
over the land” used by the court. In any event, what is clear is that the
learned judge in EM Buxton did not address her mind to the availability of a
purchaser’s lien, as she analysed the dispute before her purely in terms of
the availability of specific performance and the proprietary interest arising
therefrom. Naturally, given how the court had framed the inquiry, the
purchaser’s arguments failed. EM Buxton hence does not provide much guidance
in the present case, in which both the Caveat itself and the plaintiff’s
arguments are founded explicitly on a purchaser’s lien.

28 Finally, it is significant that the three Malaysian cases were decided
without any discussion of the reasoning adopted in Whitbread or Whitbread
(CA). One may presume that counsel for whatever reason did not cite that case,
with the consequence that the Malaysian courts were denied the benefit of
considering the astute observations of Cozens-Hardy and Vaughan Williams LJJ
(discussed in [18] above). Indeed, it appears that none of the four English
cases relied on by the Court of Appeal in Chip Thye (at [28]–[35]) were
brought to the courts’ attention in the three Malaysian cases. This further
limits any persuasive value that the latter cases might have.

29 In short, not only are Chip Thye and Bestland binding on this court, the
principles set out therein are, in my view, consistent with doctrine and
policy as well. Applying those principles to the present case, I find that the
plaintiff is right that if it is entitled to the return of the Deposit, it
also necessarily has a purchaser’s lien over the Property for that part of the
purchase money. Such a purchaser’s lien would obviously constitute a
caveatable interest in relation to the Caveat, which is explicitly stated to
be lodged in the purchaser’s capacity as lienholder arising out of its
entitlement to a refund of purchase money (see [6] above). The position would
be different if the Caveat had, like the Purchaser’s Caveat, been stated to be
in respect of the whole Property by virtue of the plaintiff’s status as
purchaser under the SPA. Had that been the basis, it would clearly have fallen
away following the termination of the SPA, as in the case of Virginia
Developments.

Does the plaintiff’s claim to be entitled to the return of the Deposit raise a
serious question to be tried?

30 Having determined that an entitlement or right to the return of the Deposit
would give rise to a caveatable interest in the form of a purchaser’s lien,
the question that remains at the first stage is whether there is a serious
issue to be tried as to the existence of that entitlement or right.

31 Under cl 5(8) of the SPA, if the defendant is unable to obtain JTC
approval, either party may terminate the SPA by giving written notice to the
other. If cl 5(8) is triggered, cl 15 further requires the defendant to refund
the Deposit, provided certain conditions are met. The validity and general
effect of these provisions are not disputed, although there are disputes over
certain aspects of their interpretation, whether there are any implied terms,
and whether the conditions for a refund are met. What is clear is that the SPA
is conditional upon JTC approval. The parties at the time of entering into it
had envisaged a possible situation of Non-Approval, and had stipulated the
rights of the parties should such a scenario occur. The only issue is whether
the circumstances of the Non-Approval and/or termination were such as to
deprive the plaintiff of the right to a refund of the Deposit. If the
plaintiff’s right has been lost, then – following Chip Thye and Bestland –
there would be no purchaser’s lien and no caveatable interest.

32 As to that issue, it is obvious to me that there is a serious question to
be tried. That much is apparent from the positions taken by the parties. The
plaintiff, naturally, submitted that there are serious questions to be tried
concerning, among other things, the interpretation of the SPA, the factual and
legal causes of the Non-Approval, and the parties’ conduct leading up to and
following the Non-Approval. The defendant through its counsel also agreed,
when asked at the first hearing before me, that there were serious issues
which were hotly contested between the parties, and which were neither
necessary nor appropriate for me to adjudicate in advance of the trial. The
defendant went on to submit in its supplementary written submissions that “we
had [sic] not reached a stage where the Honourable Court can form a view
whether the SPA was breached by the [plaintiff] or the [defendant]”.

33 Curiously, the defendant then invited the court, on that basis, to
essentially assume that the plaintiff would fail at trial, suggesting that
“[w]hat is left is therefore whether the [plaintiff] was under the SPA,
entitled to the return of whole or part of the deposit even if the [plaintiff]
was in breach”. It was submitted that unless that question could be answered
in the affirmative, I would have to rule against the plaintiff. With respect,
the defendant has grasped the wrong end of the stick. Assuming for the sake of
argument that the defendant is right that the plaintiff will only be entitled
to a return of the Deposit if it did not breach the SPA, the inability of this
court to resolve the question of whether the plaintiff breached the SPA would
not imply that I must rule against the plaintiff. On the contrary, it would
demonstrate that there is indeed a serious issue to be tried.

34 To fortify that conclusion, the plaintiff referred me to the following
statement by Kan Ting Chiu J (as he then was) in Sim Kwang Mui Ivy v Goh Peng
Khim [1994] 2 SLR(R) 814 (at [24]):

The correct position is for the court to consider the evidence adduced by the
contending parties, and to see if it can come to any conclusion on the
caveator’s claim. If it finds that the caveator’s claim is without merit, the
court will remove the caveat. Conversely, if it is unable to decide on the
merits of the claim, then the caveat will be allowed to stand while the
parties go to trial over the claim. … [emphasis added]

The italicised sentence is, as Sundaresh Menon JC (as he then was) pointed out
in Tan Yow Kon (at [87]), something of an overstatement, given that it will
still be necessary in such a case to consider the balance of convenience.
Nonetheless, the general point is sound: if a trial is necessary to resolve
the dispute as to a caveator’s actual entitlement or right to an interest in
the property in question, that is a reason in favour of maintaining the
caveat, not lifting it.

35 For these reasons, I find that there is a serious question to be tried as
to the plaintiff’s entitlement to a return of the Deposit and (arising out of
that) to a purchaser’s lien over the Property.

Is the balance of convenience tilted in favour of cancelling or maintaining
the caveat?

36 Having found that there is a serious question to be tried as to the
plaintiff’s entitlement to a purchaser’s lien over the Property, I need only
consider in whose favour the balance of convenience tilts.

37 As a preliminary point, I note that ordinarily, damages are only available
for the lodgment of a caveat in the limited circumstances where the caveat was
not merely wrongly lodged, but was lodged “wrongfully, vexatiously or without
reasonable cause”, as stated in s 128 of the LTA. I need not set out the
definitions of those terms here. For present purposes, the salient point is
that unless one of those three limbs is satisfied, the court’s finding that a
caveat was wrongly lodged will not entitle the caveatee to compensation (see
Ho Soo Fong and another v Standard Chartered Bank [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at
[34]–[36]; see also the discussion in Principles of Singapore Land Law at
paras 15.130–15.142).

38 In my view, that default position may work an injustice in a case such as
the present one, where the plaintiff has acknowledged that there are serious
disputes over the issues which will determine whether the plaintiff’s claim to
a purchaser’s lien is well-founded. It is for that reason that s 124(a) of the
LTA empowers the court to order, among other things, that the caveator give an
undertaking in damages as a condition for the continuance of the caveat. Such
an undertaking would parallel the undertakings routinely provided by
plaintiffs seeking interlocutory injunctions. In the present circumstances, if
I am to order that the Caveat be maintained, I am inclined to exercise the
power under s 124(a) to require an undertaking in damages for losses that may
be caused to the defendant by the continuance of the Caveat. Thus, my analysis
of the balance of convenience will proceed on the basis that the defendant, if
successful in Suit 898, will have recourse in damages for the lodgment of the
caveat, at least for losses caused by the presence of the Caveat subsequent to
the handing down of this court’s orders. This is to preserve the status quo of
the parties pending the determination of their substantive dispute in June
2017.

39 Turning now to the balance of convenience, it is well-established that a
critical consideration is the relative financial status of the parties (see
Tan Yow Kon at [90]). I must weigh the likelihood that the defendant would be
able to satisfy the plaintiff’s claim for a refund (if the plaintiff succeeds)
against the likelihood that the plaintiff would be able to compensate the
defendant for lodging the caveat (if the defendant succeeds).

40 The plaintiff, on the one hand, seems to be in a secure financial position.
The plaintiff’s counsel at the second hearing informed the court that the
plaintiff is a publicly listed company with assets exceeding $1.2bn. Moreover,
it is not disputed that the plaintiff had the means (when the parties entered
into the SPA) to purchase the land in question for $38m, and the defendant has
not pointed to anything that would suggest that the plaintiff’s financial
position has since deteriorated. I therefore see no reason to believe, and the
defendant has not suggested, that the plaintiff would be financially unable to
compensate the defendant should the defendant prevail at trial. It is for this
reason that, although I am minded (for reasons discussed at [38] above) to
require an undertaking in damages from the plaintiff, I am not persuaded that
security from the plaintiff for those damages is necessary.

41 The defendant, on the other hand, seems to face significant financial
difficulties. Troublingly, the sale price under the OTP which the defendant
entered into with Eng Lee is vastly lower at only $13.5m compared to the
purchase price of $38m under the SPA. While I am aware that market values can
fluctuate, it has not been suggested that this $24.5m or 64.5% reduction in
the purchase price can be explained by a fall in the market value and/or any
depreciation of the lease. Moreover, the Property is mortgaged to Malayan
Banking Berhad for about $8.4m (before interest, which continues to accrue),
and this would leave the defendant with only about $5.1m once the mortgage is
paid off. In the absence of a compelling explanation, this set of
circumstances seems to suggest that the defendant may be in dire straits, such
that it felt compelled to accept Eng Lee’s offer even though it was
drastically lower. This argument was raised by the plaintiff in its written
submissions, yet the defendant has offered no response.

42 There are other facts which suggest that the defendant’s finances are
shaky. In an unrelated application, a creditor of the defendant, Lego Industry
Pte Ltd, appeared before me to seek to wind up the defendant on account of an
unpaid debt. (The application was adjourned on the application of the parties
and will be heard by another judge later this month.) When I mentioned those
winding up proceedings at the hearing of the present case, the defendant’s
counsel assured me that the defendant intended to vigorously contest them.
However, the plaintiff subsequently drew my attention to the existence of
other quite recent winding up applications as well as other actions against
the defendant brought by diverse parties. Many of these applications and
actions appear to be ongoing, and some of the actions appear to have resulted
in default judgments against the defendant. All of these confirm that there
may be a real risk of the plaintiff obtaining only a paper judgment against
the defendant in Suit 898.

43 In addition to the relevant financial circumstances of the parties, the
fact that the trial of Suit 898 is imminent, being fixed for next month,
further tilts the balance of convenience in the plaintiff’s favour as it means
that the added delay of the sale to Eng Lee should be relatively short. I note
as well that there is no apparent risk that the sale will be jeopardised by
the delay. By the terms of the OTP, the sale is to be completed:

… on or before the expiry of twelve (12) weeks from the date of exercise of
this Option or within two (2) weeks from the date of the [defendant’s] receipt
of the [JTC sale approval] or within two (2) weeks from the date of removal of
the Caveat … lodged by [the plaintiff]; whichever is later … [emphasis added
in italics and bold italics]

In other words, the deadline for completion cannot be any earlier than two
weeks from the date the Caveat is lifted, whenever that may be. The OTP was
exercised by Eng Lee on 4 April 2017, apparently in full knowledge of the
possibility that the Caveat may not be lifted for some time. It does not
appear, then, that my ordering the Caveat to remain pending the trial of Suit
898 would allow Eng Lee to back out of its commitment to purchase the Property
from the defendant if and when the Caveat is finally lifted. If such a risk
existed, I would expect the defendant to draw the court’s attention to it,
which it has not done.

44 Considering the above factors as a whole, I find that the balance of
convenience is tilted in favour of the maintenance of the caveat. However, it
would be desirable, if possible, to seek an outcome that would better
accommodate the interests of both parties. The defendant wishes to liquidate
the Property, even at the low price of $13.5m. The plaintiff’s interest,
meanwhile, is the recovery of the Deposit. That interest will be protected so
long as it receives any sufficient security, not necessarily one over the
Property specifically. To balance those interests, if the defendant is able to
put up security for the plaintiff’s claim in the amount of $4.066m, I will
allow the Caveat to be removed. Of course, if the defendant is really in
financial difficulties, it may not be practically capable of furnishing such
security. Nonetheless, I shall leave that option open in case the defendant is
able to come up with the necessary funds.

45 Finally, I wish to make an observation concerning an unusual feature in the
present case. The sale of a property, and the payment of part of the sale
proceeds to the holder of the purchaser’s lien, is the usual means of
enforcing the security. Thus, it may seem strange that the plaintiff is
seeking effectively to block the sale of the property in question – most
purchasers would be all too happy for there to be a sale provided they receive
their share of the proceeds. The facts of the present case, however, make such
a solution difficult. Logically, the plaintiff would have no reason to remove
the Caveat or to consent to the registration of Eng Lee’s title unless the sum
of $4.066m of the sale proceeds was first paid into court for the satisfaction
of a possible judgment in Suit 898. But since the sale price agreed between
the defendant and Eng Lee is a mere $13.5m, and the mortgage is $8.4m before
interest, there would be perhaps $1m left for the defendant’s own use once the
mortgage had been repaid and the $4.066m had been paid into court. In the
light of the scale of the defendant’s commitments, it is doubtful whether such
an arrangement would be of much practical utility to the defendant. Otherwise,
the defendant would no doubt have suggested it.

Conclusion

46 On the basis of the foregoing analysis, I make the following orders:

(a) Pending the outcome of Suit 898, and subject to paragraphs (b) and (c)
below, the Caveat is to remain and the Cancellation Application is to be
stayed.

(b) The continuance of the Caveat shall be conditional on the plaintiff
providing an undertaking within seven days in damages for losses flowing from
the maintenance of the Caveat after the date of this order in the event that
the court determines, in Suit 898, that the plaintiff was not entitled to a
purchaser’s lien over the Property.

(c) The defendant may furnish security for the plaintiff’s claim for the
return of the Deposit in Suit 898 in the amount of $4.066m. This may be in the
form of payment into court, a banker’s guarantee, or the parties may agree on
another, mutually acceptable form of security. Upon the furnishing of the
security, the Caveat shall be removed.

47 I shall hear the parties on costs.

Postscript

48 After I delivered the above judgment, the parties attended a further
hearing before me on 17 July 2017. At this hearing, the parties agreed that
the undertaking at [46(b)] above be changed to the following:

(b) The continuance of the Caveat shall be conditional on the plaintiff
providing an undertaking within seven days. If the court later finds that this
order has caused loss to the defendant and decides that the defendant should
be compensated for that loss, the plaintiff shall comply with any order the
court may make.

Apart from that, the rest of the orders at [46] above remain unchanged.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

William Ong, Vincent Leow, Ivan Lim and Robin Teo (Allen & Gledhill LLP) (for
the 27 April and 8 May 2017 hearings) and Foo Chuan Min Jerald and Elsa Goh
(Cavenagh Law LLP) (for the 17 July 2017 hearing) for the plaintiff;  
Salem bin Mohamed Ibrahim and Kulvinder Kaur (Salem Ibrahim LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

