Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 202

Originating Summons No 453 of 2017

In the Matter of TYC Investment Pte Ltd and Amstay Properties Pte Ltd  
  
, and Agreement for Amendment to Deed of Settlement dated 9 April 2010, and
Settlement of Litigation dated 15 May 2012, made between Henry Tay Yun Chwan
and Chan Siew Lee; and the TYC Deed dated 11 June 2012 made between Henry Tay
Yun Chwan, Chan Siew Lee and TYC Investment Pte Ltd

And

In the Matter of Section 148 of the Companies Act

Between

| TYC Investment Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| (1) Jannie Chan Siew Lee(2) Henry Tay Yun Chwan  
---|---  
  
… Defendants

JUDGMENT

[Companies] – [Directors] – [Disqualification] – [Effect of bankruptcy on
directorship]

[Companies] – [Memorandum and articles of association] – [Effect]

[Insolvency law] – [Bankruptcy] – [Bankruptcy order] – [Effect of setting
aside bankruptcy order]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TYC Investment Pte Ltd

  
v

  
Chan Siew Lee

Jannie and another

  

[2017] SGHC 202

High Court — Originating Summons No 453 of 2017  
Audrey Lim JC  

Judgment reserved.

15 August 2017

Audrey Lim JC:

1 The first defendant, Jannie Chan (“JC”), and the second defendant, Henry Tay
(“HT”), established the plaintiff company, TYC Investment Pte Ltd (“TYC”), and
were its two directors. JC was made a bankrupt in September 2016 by a third
party, and the bankruptcy order was subsequently set aside. The dispute
essentially centres on the effect of the bankruptcy, and the subsequent
setting aside of it, on JC’s directorship in TYC.

Background

2 This is one of the many disputes involving the same parties. Although
background facts pertaining to the parties have been set out in TYC Investment
Pte Ltd v Tay Yun Chwan Henry [2014] 4 SLR 1149 (“TYC Investment”) and in Chan
Siew Lee v TYC Investment Pte Ltd and others and another appeal [2015] 5 SLR
409 (“Chan Siew Lee v TYC”), I repeat some of the relevant facts here for ease
of reference.

3 TYC is a family holding company incorporated in 1979 by JC and HT
(previously wife and husband). Pursuant to Article 8 of TYC’s articles of
association (“the TYC Articles”), JC and HT were appointed the “permanent
Governing Directors” of TYC. JC and HT each hold a founder share giving them
44% and 46% of the voting rights in TYC respectively. Their three children,
Michael Tay, Audrey Tay and Sabrina Tay, own ordinary shares, with 5%, 2.5%
and 2.5% voting rights respectively.

4 Pursuant to JC and HT’s divorce, they entered into a deed of settlement
dated 9 April 2010 (“the DOS”) to settle the division of their matrimonial
assets and JC’s claim for maintenance. They subsequently entered into another
agreement dated 15 May 2012, which was an agreement for amendment to the DOS
and settlement of litigation between them (“the SSD”). The SSD made amendments
to the DOS and stipulated matters relating to the management of TYC. In
particular, clause 10 of the SSD states:

10\. Payment voucher system for all future payments for TYC. Neither HT nor JC
will sign a cheque on TYC’s bank accounts unless the other has signed a
voucher approving.

5 TYC was not a party to the SSD. However, JC and HT thereafter entered into a
deed agreement on 11 June 2012 (“the TYC Deed”), the effect of which was to
confer on TYC all rights and benefits and impose on TYC all obligations,
provisions, covenants and conditions “under the [DOS] as amended in accordance
with the terms set out in the SSD”, as if it were a party thereto.

6 On 29 September 2016, JC was made a bankrupt pursuant to an application by
the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd (“ANZ Bank”) (see B323/2016).
The bankruptcy application was premised on a judgment debt obtained by ANZ
Bank against JC in Suit 885 of 2013. JC appealed against the bankruptcy order
made, but by the time the appeal was heard on 1 December 2016, ANZ Bank and JC
had already reached a settlement agreement. By consent of the parties, the
appeal against the bankruptcy order was allowed, the bankruptcy order was set
aside and leave was granted to withdraw the bankruptcy application. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

See B 323/2016 and ORC 8168/2016 dated 1 December 2016.

Meanwhile, on 7 October 2016, TYC lodged a notification (“the Notification”)
with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) that JC had
been disqualified as a director pursuant to her being made a bankrupt on 29
September 2016.

TYC’s claim and JC’s counterclaim

7 TYC claimed that as a result of JC’s bankruptcy, her directorship in TYC had
been vacated by reason of Article 72(b) of Table A to the Fourth Schedule of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Table A”), which was incorporated
into the TYC Articles by virtue of Article 1 of the TYC Articles. It took the
position that although the bankruptcy order against JC was subsequently set
aside on appeal, there was also no provision in the TYC Articles that entitled
her to be reinstated as a director. Further, by reason of JC’s bankruptcy,
clause 10 of the SSD has been frustrated by operation of law or illegality. As
TYC requires a minimum of two directors for its management, HT sought the
following reliefs:

(a) a declaration that the remaining director of TYC, namely HT, be at liberty
to appoint another director of TYC pursuant to Article 8 of the TYC Articles;

(b) alternatively, that TYC be at liberty to convene an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) to pass a resolution to appoint a new director;

(c) a declaration that clause 10 of the SSD is frustrated by reason of
operation of law or illegality as a result of the bankruptcy order made
against JC; and

(d) a declaration that TYC be at liberty to reimburse Amstay Pte Ltd
(“Amstay”), a company wholly-owned by HT, for any payments made by Amstay on
TYC’s behalf in the ordinary course of TYC’s business.

8 JC in turn counterclaimed as follows: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

JC’s affidavit dated 22 May 2017, para 14.

(a) a declaration that she was and still is a permanent Governing Director of
TYC;

(b) a declaration that Article 72 of Table A contradicts or conflicts with the
TYC Articles, in particular Article 8, and that Article 72 is inapplicable;

(c) a declaration that clause 10 of the SSD remains applicable and binding
despite the bankruptcy order in B323/2016;

(d) a declaration that by reason of Article 16 of the TYC Articles, TYC cannot
amend, vary or waive any of its rights or obligations under or pursuant to the
TYC Deed or any clauses of the SSD except with the unanimous consent of all
its shareholders;

(e) a declaration that the Notification filed on 7 October 2016 with ACRA on
HT’s instructions is null, void and illegal;

(f) an order that TYC file with ACRA, a “Local Company Change of Particulars
of Company Officers or Auditors” notification, indicating that JC is a
director of TYC; and

(g) if the court finds that JC was no longer a director of TYC because of the
bankruptcy order, that she be reinstated to the office of permanent Governing
Director.

EGM of 11 April 2017

9 Initially, HT, on TYC’s behalf, commenced Originating Summons 1029 of 2016
(“OS 1029”) seeking the same reliefs as in this Originating Summons. When OS
1029 was before me, I was of the view that it was inappropriate for TYC to
bring those proceedings. As the main issue to be determined in OS 1029 (and
the present one) was whether JC was still a director of TYC, it was not
appropriate for HT alone to act on TYC’s behalf in commencing proceedings as
that presupposed that JC’s position as a director of TYC had already been
vacated. In addition even assuming that HT was the sole director, TYC’s
articles did not seem to permit HT to conduct or manage the affairs of TYC on
his own (including commencing proceedings on TYC’s behalf). Hence the proper
way to proceed was for HT to convene an EGM (under Article 44 of Table A) for
TYC’s shareholders to pass the appropriate resolution to authorise TYC to
appoint solicitors to commence such legal proceedings. Both TYC’s and JC’s
counsel (Mr Chu and Mr Singh respectively) agreed to this approach. I thus
dismissed OS 1029 with liberty to TYC to commence a fresh OS once the
necessary shareholders’ resolution was passed.

10 TYC’s EGM was held on 11 April 2017, with the relevant resolution passed by
all shareholders present (ie, HT, Michael Tay and Sabrina Tay’s proxy). JC and
Audrey Tay were not present at the EGM and did not appoint a proxy. Before me,
Mr Singh confirmed 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Hearing of OS on 22 June 2017.

that JC is not disputing that the present originating summons has been
properly commenced by TYC.

The issues

11 The prayers sought by TYC were premised on JC no longer being a director of
TYC, such that HT is the sole remaining director. The main issues that I have
to consider are therefore whether JC’s position as a director of TYC was
automatically vacated when the bankruptcy order was made, and if so, whether
the subsequent setting aside of that order on 1 December 2016 automatically
reinstated JC as a director of TYC.

Effect of bankruptcy order on JC’s directorship in TYC

12 The provisions in the TYC Articles that are relevant to this issue are set
out below.

Article 1

The regulations in Table “A” in the Fourth Schedule to the Companies Act, Cap
50 as may be from time to time amended, revised or supplemented, shall apply
to the Company, except insofar as they contradict or conflict with any of the
provisions stated hereunder.

Article 3A

Subject to Table “A”, the directors shall not be less than two and not more
than ten, and the first directors shall be [HT] and [JC].

Article 8

Subject to Article 3, the said [HT] and [JC] shall be the permanent Governing
Directors of [TYC] until they resign from the office, that is they will not
whilst they hold such office be taken into account in determining the rotation
of retirement of directors and the provision of Section 153 of the Companies
Act will not apply to them and whilst they retain the said office, they will
have authority to exercise all the powers, authorities and discretion by these
Articles expressed to be vested in the directors generally including the power
to convene a general meeting of [TYC], and of all the other directors, if any,
for the time being of [TYC], shall be under their control and shall be bound
to conform to their discretion in regard to [TYC’s] business.

Subject to Article 3, the said [HT] and [JC] whilst they hold the office of
Governing Directors may from time to time, and at any time, appoint any other
persons to be alternate Governing Directors of [TYC] and may define, limit and
restrict their powers and may fix and determine their remuneration and duties
and may at any time, remove any alternate Governing Directors howsoever
appointed. Every such appointment or removal must be in writing under the
hands of the said Governing Directors.

Subject to Article 3, the said [HT] and [JC], whilst they hold the office of
Governing Directors, may from time to time, and at any time appoint any other
persons to be directors of the Company, and may define, limit and restrict
their powers and may fix and determine their remuneration and duties and may
at any time, remove any director howsoever appointed. Every such appointment
or removal must be in writing under the hands of [HT] and [JC].

Subject to Article 7, in the event of the death of any of the two Governing
Directors, the surviving person shall be entitled to exercise all or any of
the powers previously held by the Governing Directors jointly.

Subject as aforesaid and to these Articles, the rights of all the shareholders
shall be the same in every respect.

[emphasis in italics and bold italics]

13 Additionally, Article 72 of Table A states as follows:

The office of director shall become vacant if the director –

(a) ceases to be a director by virtue of the Act;

(b) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his
creditors generally;

(c) becomes prohibited from being a director by reason of any order made under
the Act;

(d) becomes disqualified from being a director by virtue of section 148, 149,
154 or 155;

(e) becomes mentally disordered and incapable of managing himself or his
affairs or a person whose person or estate is liable to be dealt with in any
way under the law relating to mental capacity;

(f) subject to section 145, resigns his office by notice in writing to the
company;

(g) for more than 6 months is absent without permission of the directors from
meetings of the directors held during that period;

(h) without the consent of the company in general meeting, holds any other
office of profit under the company except that of managing director or
manager; or

(i) is directly or indirectly interested in any contract or proposed contract
with the company and fails to declare the nature of his interest in manner
required by the Act.

[emphasis added]

14 Mr Singh submitted that s 148 of the Companies Act (“the CA”) does not
automatically disqualify JC from being a director. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

First defendant’s written submissions (“D1 Submissions”), para 134.

This misses the point. TYC is not relying on s 148 of the CA, but Article 72
of Table A, to support its case that JC’s directorship was automatically
vacated upon the making of the bankruptcy order against her. Be that as it
may, I will make some brief observations on s 148. Section 148 makes it an
offence for an undischarged bankrupt to act as a director of, or to take part
in or be concerned in the management of, any corporation, except with the
leave of the court or the written permission of the Official Assignee. Section
148 is a penal provision. Although a person who contravenes s 148 is guilty of
an offence, that section does not state that an undischarged bankrupt lacks
capacity to be a company director or that his acts on behalf of the company
are invalid (see Tan Cheng Han SC et al, Walter Woon on Company Law (Sweet &
Maxwell, revised 3rd ed, 2009) at para 7.40). Mere contravention of s 148 does
not, on its own, cause an automatic vacation of office by a director, and I do
not consider s 148 to be relevant in the present case.

15 On the other hand, Article 72(b) of Table A states that the office of
director “shall become vacant” if the director “becomes bankrupt”. The effect
of a similarly worded provision was considered in Re The Bodega Company
Limited [1904] 1 Ch 276 (“Re Bodega”). In that case, the company’s articles of
association provided that the office of a director “shall be vacated” on the
occurrence of several triggering events, the event in point being that “if he
be concerned in or participate in the profits of any contract with the company
not disclosed to and authorised by the board”. One of the other triggering
events (which was not the issue in that case) is if the director “becomes
bankrupt”. Farewell J held that it was plain from the wording of the article
that the director automatically vacates his office on the occurrence of a
triggering event; there was no need for the other directors or the members of
the company to consider the matter or to adopt a resolution in order for the
director in question to vacate his position. At 283, Farewell J stated as
follows:

… it is quite plain on the words of the article that he ipso facto, or
automatically, vacates his office on the act being done: there is no
distinction between this and the other events mentioned in the article, e.g.,
bankruptcy … The office is vacated automatically and if his co-directors wish
him still to act, he has to be re-elected in the usual way; or the casual
vacancy has to be filled up under the article to that effect. …

16 In Samuel Tak Lee v Chou Wen Hsien [1984] 1 WLR 1202 (“Samuel Tak Lee”),
Article 73(d) of the company’s articles of association provided that the
office of a director “shall be vacated … [i]f he is requested in writing by
all his co-directors to resign”. A written notice was sent to the appellant
pursuant to that article, and the appellant commenced proceedings to declare
the notice invalid and that he remained a director of the company. The Hong
Kong Court of Appeal held as follows:

… The language of the article leaves no room for doubt or uncertainty. The
office shall be vacated once any event therein mentioned occurs. That vacation
must take place immediately. The position would otherwise be intolerable. No
one would know who really constituted the board. [emphasis in original]

The Privy Council, in agreeing with the decision of the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal, further stated as follows (at 1207A–B):

… In order to give business sense to [A]rticle 73(d), it is necessary to
construe the article strictly in accordance with its terms without any
qualification, and to treat the office of director as vacated if the specified
event occurs. If this were not the case, and the expelled director challenged
the bona fides of all or any of his co-directors, the management of the
company’s business might be at a standstill pending the resolution of the
dispute by one means or another, in consequence of the doubt whether the
expelled director ought or ought not properly to be treated as a member of the
board. …

That automatic vacation of a directorship occurs upon the happening of a
certain event as provided in the articles of a company is also supported by
the case of Norakhmar bt Baharom v Lee Ming Leong [2007] 8 MLJ 50 at [13] to
[15], where the relevant article of the company’s articles of association was
similar to Article 72(b) of Table A in the present case.

17 Re Bodega and Samuel Tak Lee can be contrasted with Glossop v Glossop
[1907] 2 Ch 370. In that case, the articles of association of the company in
question provided that the office of a director shall be vacated on the
occurrence of certain specified events “provided that … the vacation of office
shall not take effect unless the directors shall pass a resolution to the
effect that the director has vacated his office, such resolution to be passed
within six calendar months from the happening of the event whereby such
director has vacated his office”. Neville J held (at 375) that upon the
happening of one of the specified events, the director “has vacated his
office, although by the proviso the effect of that vacation is not immediate,
but is suspensory, and does not take effect until a resolution has been passed
by the directors”. The key point is that the effect of a particular article in
a company’s articles of association depends on its true construction.

18 In the present case, the words of Article 72 of Table A are clear. The
office of a director “shall become vacant” upon the happening of one or more
of the events mentioned in that article. The articles in Table A do not
require any additional steps to be taken upon the happening of one of the
events in Article 72 in order for the position of a director to be vacated,
and so nothing more needs to be done for that purpose. As the bankruptcy order
was made against JC on 29 September 2016, she became a bankrupt on that day:
see s 2 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”). Article 72(b) of
Table A, if it applies, would operate such that JC’s office as a director of
TYC was automatically vacated on 29 September 2016.

19 The question then, is whether Article 72(b) of Table A applies in the light
of Article 1 of the TYC Articles, which provides that the regulations in Table
A shall apply to TYC only if they do not contradict or conflict with any of
the provisions stated in the TYC Articles. JC submitted that Article 72(b) of
Table A does not apply because it contradicts Article 8 of the TYC Articles
which provides that she and HT are to be the “permanent” Governing Directors
of TYC until they resign from the office. In other words, the “permanence” of
their office was such that JC and HT will remain as Governing Directors of TYC
forever unless they resign or die. TYC and HT contend that Article 72(b) of
Table A has been incorporated into and applies as part of the TYC Articles
pursuant to Article 1 of the TYC Articles, as it does not contradict Article
8. Article 8 must be construed such that JC’s and HT’s offices as Governing
Directors are “permanent” only in so far that they will not be considered for
the rotation of retirement of directors or be subject to the age limit of 70
years for directors of public companies (as provided in s 153 of the CA, which
has since been repealed).

20 In my view, Article 72 of Table A is not inconsistent with and does not
contradict Article 8 of the TYC Articles, and the interpretation adopted by JC
is untenable. I accept TYC’s argument that, based on the express words of
Article 8 (see [12] above), the scope of “permanence” is specifically limited
by the words “that is”, which have the effect of defining JC’s and HT’s
positions as “permanent” Governing Directors in only so far that they will
not, whilst they hold such office, be taken into account in the rotation of
retirement of directors, and that the 70-year age limit would not apply to
them. Article 8 itself recognises that the permanence of a Governing Director
can come to an end in certain circumstances, namely death or resignation, as
provided in that article. It does not expressly exclude other circumstances in
which the permanence of the directorship can be ended. I also find persuasive
the authority of Holmes v Keyes [1959] 1 Ch 199 (“Holmes v Keyes”), where Lord
Justice Jenkins stated (at 215):

…[T]he articles of association of the company should be regarded as a business
document and should be construed so as to give them reasonable business
efficacy, where a construction tending to that result is admissible on the
language of the articles, in preference to a result which would or might prove
unworkable …

21 JC submitted that the TYC Articles were drawn up to make sure that TYC
would be run during JC’s and HT’s lifetime by both of them jointly and that
all decisions of the company should be made jointly by them. JC also claimed
that she had made clear, when the relevant articles were being drafted, that
“the usual conditions for disqualification as a director shall not apply to
either [JC or HT]”. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

JC’s affidavit of 15 November 2016, para 62.

If that were the case, it is not borne out by Article 8, which merely mentions
the limited circumstances in which the directorship cannot be affected, ie,
that JC and HT will not be considered for the rotation of retirement of
directors and will not be subject to the provision of the now-repealed s 153
of the CA. Article 8 does not go on to expressly mention that other
circumstances (such as those set out in Article 72 of Table A), which would
normally cause the office of a director to be vacated, do not apply to affect
JC’s and HT’s positions as Governing Directors of TYC.

22 Based on JC’s interpretation of Article 8, she and HT would remain
permanent Governing Directors of TYC even if they should become mentally
disordered (contrary to Article 72(e) of Table A) or have been disqualified
from being or to act as a director under s 149 or 154 or other provisions of
the CA. Such provisions found in an Act of Parliament cannot be overridden by
a company’s articles (unless the Act provides for this), even if JC and HT had
so intended. In any case, the interpretation of Article 8 that JC now advances
could not have been JC and HT’s intent at the time the TYC Articles were
drafted, as that interpretation is simply an unreasonable one. As stated in
Holmes v Keyes, the articles of association of a company should be construed
to give them reasonable business efficacy, unless that construction is
inadmissible on the express language of the articles. There is nothing in the
TYC Articles that expressly prohibits a narrower interpretation of the scope
of the “permanence” embodied in Article 8. Quite the contrary, Article 8
expressly qualifies the scope of “permanence”.

23 JC also relied on Article 7 of the TYC Articles, which states that “Article
7 may only be amended, varied or repealed with the unanimous consent of all
the shareholders of [TYC]”, and that Article 7 fortifies JC’s and HT’s
positions as directors of TYC with joint control until either of them dies. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

D1 Submissions, paras 154 to 162.

In my view, Article 7 is irrelevant. It is concerned with JC’s and HT’s rights
as shareholders of TYC, and not with the issue of their office as directors of
TYC.

24 Hence, I am of the view that Article 72 of Table A, in particular Article
72(b), is not inconsistent with and do not contradict any provisions in the
TYC Articles. It is therefore incorporated into and applies as part of the TYC
Articles, pursuant to Article 1 of the TYC Articles. JC’s position as
Governing Director of TYC therefore became automatically vacated on 29
September 2016 when the bankruptcy order was made against her.

Effect of setting aside of bankruptcy order

25 Having held that JC’s directorship was automatically vacated by reason of
her bankruptcy, is her directorship automatically reinstated when the
bankruptcy order was set aside on 1 December 2016? TYC and HT submitted that
the order setting aside the bankruptcy order did not have the effect of
retrospectively annihilating JC’s bankruptcy for the purpose of rendering the
vacation of her office as director void, whereas JC argued otherwise.

26 The bankruptcy order was set aside pursuant to an appeal brought under s 8
of the BA, and by consent between the applicant creditor and JC. Hoo JC, who
set aside the bankruptcy order, had not made an annulment of the bankruptcy
order or ordered a discharge of JC from bankruptcy pursuant to Part VIII of
the BA. Hoo JC had also not decided or considered the effect of setting aside
the bankruptcy order as it was not an issue before her. This is, however, a
key issue that I have to consider for the purpose of the current matter before
me.

27 There are no locally decided cases on the effect of setting aside a
bankruptcy order on appeal. However, in De Robillard v Carver [2007] FCAFC 73
(“De Robillard”), the Federal Court of Australia considered the effect of
setting aside a sequestration order on appeal and held (at [150]) that:

… the appellant is not to be treated as bankrupt from the pronouncement of the
sequestration order, notwithstanding the effect of s 43(2) of the Bankruptcy
Act: see Commissioner for Railways (NSW) v Cavanagh (1935) 53 CLR 220 at
224–5; [1935] ALR 304 at 305.

Similarly, in Rangott v Marshall (2004) 139 FCR 14 (“Rangott”), the Federal
Court of Australia held (at [29]) that the effect of the appeal decision was
that the sequestration order and the consequent appointment of the trustee
were set aside, and “it is as if the sequestration order had never been made
and the respondent had never been a bankrupt”.

28 I also consider the effect of annulment of a bankruptcy, which was dealt
with in Tan Teck Guan v Mapletree Trustee Pte Ltd (trustee of Mapletree
Industrial Trust) [2011] 3 SLR 1031 (“Tan Teck Guan”). In that case, Chan Seng
Onn J had to consider whether annulment of a bankruptcy order had a
retrospective effect vis-à-vis s 65(7)(b) of the BA. After consideration of
the Commonwealth authorities, Chan J held (at [9] and [14]) that, as a general
proposition, the effect of an annulment of a bankruptcy order was
retrospective, such that it would wipe out the bankruptcy altogether and put
the bankrupt in the same position as if he had not been adjudicated a
bankrupt. However, Chan J also held (at [15] and [17]) that this general
proposition does not apply for all intents and purposes and is subject to
exceptions, such as where exceptions are expressly provided for in the BA. The
principle enunciated in Tan Teck Guan was affirmed by the Court of Appeal in
Lim Lye Hiang v Official Assignee [2012] 1 SLR 228 at [47].

29 I turn to the case of Union Club v Lord Andrew Charles Robert Battenberg
[2006] NSWCA 72 (“Battenberg”), which TYC and HT relied on. In Battenberg, the
appellant was a company limited by guarantee that was incorporated to acquire
and take over the assets and liabilities of a social club. Article 16(b) of
the company’s articles of association provided that:

A member shall cease to be a member if he becomes bankrupt or enters into a
deed of assignment, a composition or a scheme of arrangement with his
creditors under Part X of the Bankruptcy Act 1966 (as amended).

On 19 May 1997, the respondent was adjudicated a bankrupt, but that was
subsequently annulled on 23 March 2000. Nonetheless, the appellant company
wrote to the respondent thereafter, on 16 August 2001, to inform him that
pursuant to Article 16(b), he had ceased to be a member of the club on 19 May
1997. The issue before the New South Wales Court of Appeal was whether the
fact that the bankruptcy was subsequently annulled meant that the respondent
had not ceased to be a member of the club, or whether the cessation of
membership remained notwithstanding the annulment. The majority of the Court
(Bryson JA dissenting) took the latter position.

30 Giles JA considered (at [56]) that there were two issues. First, as a
matter of bankruptcy law, did annulment of the respondent's bankruptcy reverse
the fact that he had become bankrupt? Second, even if the first issue was
answered in the affirmative, as a matter of contract law, did Article 16(b),
on its proper construction, nonetheless bring about cessation of his
membership?

31 On the first issue, Giles JA held (at [81]) in the affirmative, so that the
respondent’s membership would have been retrospectively restored to him.
However, on the second issue, Giles JA was of the view that Article 16(b) of
the company’s articles should be interpreted to mean that, despite the general
position under bankruptcy law, the contractual agreement embodied in the
company’s articles was such that the respondent ceased to be a member of the
club upon his being adjudicated a bankrupt, regardless of whether the
bankruptcy order was subsequently annulled. It was not for the appellant and
the other members to investigate the circumstances of a member becoming
bankrupt and foresee annulment because the member should never have been made
bankrupt, or indeed to investigate the prospects of a successful appeal by the
member. Further, the member who should never have been made bankrupt or who
successfully appealed could reapply for membership. Santow JA also preferred
the position that the contract was to be construed as embodying an agreement
that termination of membership was triggered once and for all by an order
adjudicating the respondent as a bankrupt irrespective of whether annulment
later followed.

32 The authorities show that the effect of annulment of a bankruptcy and
setting aside on appeal of a bankruptcy order are in general similar, in that
the bankruptcy is treated as not having occurred. The decisions of Tan Teck
Guan and Battenberg, in relation to annulment, are also consistent as
authority for the general proposition that annulment of a bankruptcy order has
retrospective effect, such that the individual who was subject to the order is
restored to his original position as though no bankruptcy order has ever been
made against him. Such a general proposition does not, however, apply for all
intents and purposes, such as where the statutes expressly set out exceptions
(as was observed in Tan Teck Guan), or where parties contractually agree to
depart from that proposition and to take the contrary position that the
annulment of a bankruptcy order was not to operate retrospectively for the
purposes that they have identified (as in Battenberg). In other words, whether
a subsequent annulment of a bankruptcy order has the effect of voiding an
earlier disqualification pursuant to that bankruptcy order is to be approached
as a matter of construction of the relevant statutory or contractual
provisions, as the case may be. This is bearing in mind the default general
position under bankruptcy law, that annulment of a bankruptcy order operates
retrospectively to restore the individual who was subject to the order to his
original position as though no bankruptcy order has ever been made against
him.

33 Turning to the present case, in my view, the fact that the bankruptcy order
has been set aside on appeal should have the effect of restoring JC to her
original position as though no bankruptcy order has ever been made against
her. Thus, when the bankruptcy order was set aside on 1 December 2016, JC
ought to have been automatically reinstated as a director of TYC. I would have
arrived at the same conclusion even if I applied the principles relating to
annulment of a bankruptcy. Ms Chia (counsel for HT) conceded that setting
aside and annulment of a bankruptcy order generally puts the bankrupt in a
position as if the order had never been made. However, Ms Chia submitted that
in this case, the retrospective effect of setting aside or annulment did not
apply because when the bankruptcy order was made, JC was indebted to ANZ Bank,
and although the order has been set aside by consent, JC has not paid or
secured her debt to ANZ Bank. She has, however, not cited any authority for
how the effects of a setting aside or an annulment were to vary depending on
the reason for which the bankruptcy order was set aside or annulled.

34 Mr Chu and Ms Chia also highlighted that the appeal was allowed, not
because Hoo JC was of the view that the Assistant Registrar who had made the
bankruptcy order had made an error in fact or in law in making that order.
Rather, it was because by the time of the appeal, JC had reached a settlement
with the applicant creditor and thus the bankruptcy order was set aside by
consent. It is, however, not this court’s function to look behind Hoo JC’s
order allowing the appeal and setting against the bankruptcy order against JC,
or to inquire into the circumstances which led Hoo JC to allow that appeal.
The focus here is on the effect of that setting aside of the bankruptcy order.
The authorities support the position that, in general, the effect of an appeal
decision setting aside a bankruptcy order is that it restores the individual
who was subject to the bankruptcy order to his original position as though no
bankruptcy order has ever been made against him: see De Robillard and Rangott
as cited at [27] above. This is consistent with the principle that the result
of a successful appeal reversing or setting aside an order made by a lower
court or tribunal is that, in general, the effects of the earlier order are
unwound.

35 I am aware that in certain circumstances, the general principle of
relation-back on reversal of an order cannot be fully applied. For instance,
when parties have acted in reliance of the earlier order before it is set
aside on appeal, it may not be possible or may even be unjust to unwind wholly
the effects of the earlier order, and exceptions should be made after taking
into account the prejudice caused to various parties and the practicalities of
unwinding the effects of the earlier order. In Commissioner for Railways (NSW)
v Cavanough (1935) 53 CLR 220, the High Court of Australia held, in the
context of a reversal of a conviction of a felony on appeal, that “the
consequence of the reversal of a judgment or conviction is that it is annulled
and held for nothing, and the party is restored to all things which by reason
of the judgment he has lost”, but also recognised that acts done in execution
of a judgment prior to it being set aside are protected despite the subsequent
reversal of the court order (on which the execution was premised). In Wiseman
v Wiseman [1953] 2 WLR 499 (“Wiseman v Wiseman”), a matrimonial case, the
Court of Appeal held (at 510) that when a decree absolute is set aside, the
marriage automatically became void from that moment but the avoidance did not
relate back so as to the render the child in the marriage illegitimate. The
facts of the present case do not, however, call for such exceptions (see also
[47] to [50] below). No evidence has been proffered by TYC or HT that they or
any other party had acted in reliance of the 29 September 2016 bankruptcy
order such that its effects cannot be or ought not be unwound in their
entirety.

36 Mr Chu and Ms Chia further argued that an interpretation that there is no
automatic reinstatement of JC as a director of TYC not only gives rise to
commercial certainty, but also takes into account that members are likely to
have the presumed intention that they would want a choice whether to reinstate
a director, taking into account the circumstances of his earlier bankruptcy.
TYC and HT relied on Battenberg to support their contention.

37 In my view, the case of Battenberg (discussed at [29] to [31] above) does
not assist TYC or HT’s case. The majority in Battenberg had concluded that, as
a matter of contractual interpretation, the relevant parties did not intend to
incorporate the effect of annulment under bankruptcy law (that the annulment
applies retrospectively to automatically reinstate the respondent as a
member), but instead contractually agreed to depart from that position such
that a member ceased to become a member once he became a bankrupt even though
his bankruptcy was subsequently annulled. The majority reasoned as follows
(see Battenberg at [105]–[106]). First, the appellant company was set up to
manage a social club and the club’s finances necessarily depended on its
members being financially capable of meeting their obligations to pay their
fees. A member who has had his bankruptcy annulled upon the entry into of a
scheme of arrangement or composition with his creditors nonetheless posed a
greater financial risk to the club than a member who has not entered into such
arrangements. Second, the stigma of a member's bankruptcy was material to the
reputation of a social club, even if the bankruptcy were annulled. Third,
members were more likely to want a choice as to whether to reinstate the
membership of one whose bankruptcy has been annulled, taking into account the
circumstances of the bankruptcy. Likewise the member concerned may well want
to have a choice whether or not to be re-admitted, since reinstatement may
mean that he may become liable to pay past subscriptions.

38 The court in Battenberg further stated (at [107]) that certainty was
important to both the club and the members, and they needed a clear-cut test
on whether a member has or has not retained his membership following a
bankruptcy order, rather than to be caught by the possibility and difficulties
of annulment causing membership to “spring up again”. Were it otherwise,
anomalous consequences may follow. For instance, a retroactively reinstated
membership brought about by annulment would carry with it a reinstated
obligation to pay a subscription for the whole of the period of the former
bankruptcy prior to annulment, and this was arguably so even though the member
concerned was, prior to annulment, excluded from any of the rights or
privileges of a member. The question then arose as to whether the
retroactively reinstated member could complain that he had been earlier
wrongly denied his rights and privileges as a member, and it was unlikely that
that the club would have wanted to be at risk of such an argument succeeding:
see [124] of Battenberg. On the other hand, if there was no automatic
reinstatement of the member, he could still reapply for membership (see [87]
of Battenberg), and so any prejudice that might be caused to him was reduced.

39 The majority of the court in Battenberg were therefore of the view that, on
a proper construction of the company’s articles in question, the parties must
have intended to depart from the general position under bankruptcy law that
annulment applies retrospectively to restore the affected individual to his
original position, but instead contractually agreed that a member ceased to
become a member once he became a bankrupt regardless of whether or not the
bankruptcy was subsequently annulled.

40 It bears reiterating that an annulment of a bankruptcy order has the effect
of restoring the person who was subjected to the order to his original
position, and that whether or not this general position is to be departed from
in a specific case is to be approached as a matter of construction of the
relevant statutory or contractual provision. In the present case, there is
nothing in the TYC Articles (or Table A) that evinces a contractual agreement
to depart from the general position under bankruptcy law of retrospective
operation of annulment or setting aside. Further, the considerations that led
the majority in Battenberg to infer that there was a contractual agreement to
depart from the default position do not arise here. Unlike the social club in
Battenberg which depended on contributions by its members for its finances,
TYC is a family holding company with considerable assets and does not, in any
way, depend on any financial contributions by JC as a director (or even as
shareholder) of TYC. The consideration in Battenberg, that damage to
reputation caused by a continuing stigma upon a member who had once been
adjudicated bankrupt would be very material to a social club, is not material
in this case (and no evidence has been led to the contrary).

41 As to the consideration in Battenberg that members of the company in that
case would likely have intended to want to have a choice whether or not to
reinstate the position of the individual whose bankruptcy order has been
annulled, it cannot be objectively construed from the TYC Articles that there
was an intention to give the members of TYC such a choice. Quite the contrary,
Article 8 makes it clear that the intention was for JC and HT to be able to
remain as Governing Directors who have control over the management of the
company for as long as they wish, subject to, as I have earlier held, the
provisions in the TYC Articles and in Table A. In addition, while the
prejudice suffered by the member in Battenberg was merely that he may lose his
membership in the social club if his membership was not automatically
reinstated upon the annulment of the bankruptcy order and his subsequent re-
application to be a member was rejected, the prejudice that JC would suffer in
the present case would be much more severe. She would lose management powers
over a company, with considerable assets, that she had co-founded. In the
light of the prejudice to her that may arise, it cannot be lightly be inferred
in this case that the parties intended to depart from the general position
under bankruptcy law with respect to the retrospective operation of a setting
aside (or even of an annulment) of a bankruptcy order.

42 Next, HT argued that commercial certainty favours an interpretation of the
TYC Articles that there should be no automatic reinstatement of JC’s position
as a director of TYC following the setting aside of the bankruptcy order. To
that, it suffices to say that the mere consideration of commercial certainty
cannot give rise to an inference that the parties intended to contractually
depart from the general position under bankruptcy law, especially in the light
of the considerations that I have set out above.

43 Mr Chu also submitted that if a construction of Article 72 of Table A is
such that the setting aside of the bankruptcy order results in an automatic
reinstatement of a director to the company, all companies would be held
hostage to such a construction. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions, para 59(a).

This is not the case. It is clear from the decided authorities, and from my
reasoning above, that whether such an effect results is to be approached as a
matter of construction of the relevant statutory or contractual provision.
Hence, each case turns on its facts.

44 It must be remembered that TYC is no ordinary company. It is a family
holding company set up to hold shares in The Hour Glass Limited (of which HT
and JC are founders) and other family assets, which are not insubstantial, and
was set up essentially for the benefit of JC and HT’s children. As a private
company, TYC only has five members (ie, JC, HT and their three children 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

HT’s first affidavit dated 7 October 2016, exhibit HT-1 at paras 9 and 11.

) who would benefit from the company. The TYC Articles were drawn up to give
effect to the intent of the founding members of TYC (ie, HT and JC), including
how TYC was to be managed and how its assets were to be dealt with. Pursuant
to Article 7 of the TYC Articles, JC and HT each hold a founder share in TYC
giving them 44% and 46% of the voting rights in TYC respectively. No other
persons may hold these founder shares in TYC. They were also the first
directors of TYC (see Article 3A of the TYC Articles), and Article 8 of the
TYC Articles provides that they are the only “permanent” Governing Directors.
Indeed, Mr Chu admitted that it was envisaged that JC and HT would be the
controlling shareholders of TYC and would be the governing directors who would
wield extensive powers in appointing directors of TYC. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Plaintiff’s Submissions, paras 4 and 5.

HT also stated that, in setting up TYC, he and JC intended in their lifetime
to be custodians of the family assets (under TYC) and the key decision making
powers were thus vested in both of them. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

HT’s third affidavit dated 14 December 2016, paras 7 and 8.

Further, the payment voucher system that was implemented via clause 10 of the
SSD essentially vests in JC and HT jointly, as directors of TYC, the decision-
making power for payments to be made from TYC’s bank accounts.

45 Hence, on the facts and on the construction of the relevant provisions of
the TYC Articles and Table A, it is evident that JC and HT were meant to be
“permanent” Governing Directors of TYC except upon the occurrence of certain
events, such as those specified in Article 8 of the TYC Articles and Article
72 of Table A. Given the manner in which the TYC Articles were structured, and
the relevant background as set out above, once the bankruptcy order was set
aside, it cannot be likely inferred that the parties intended to depart from
the general position with respect to the retrospective effect of the setting
aside (or annulment) of the bankruptcy order which would result in the
reinstatement of JC to her position as a permanent Governing Director of TYC.
To hold otherwise would lead to an unreasonable outcome inconsistent with the
intention of JC and HT when they drew up the terms of the TYC Articles, and
would severely prejudice JC’s position.

46 Finally, TYC submits that if the setting aside of the bankruptcy order were
to result in JC’s directorship being reinstated, every company whose director
is adjudged a bankrupt runs the risk that the director’s office may be
restored (however long it takes), even though the constitution of the board or
the company’s business may have undergone radical changes. I reiterate that
the effect of a setting aside or annulment of a bankruptcy order on a
directorship of the person who had been subjected to the order is to be
determined on a case by case basis as a matter of construction of the relevant
provisions. In any event, there is no evidence that TYC had undergone any
“radical changes” since JC’s bankruptcy and the setting aside of the
bankruptcy order.

47 I thus consider whether there would be any prejudice to TYC or third
parties as a result of automatically reinstating JC as a director of TYC (see
also [35] above). I first note that, unlike a public company which has to take
into account shareholders’ and investors’ interests, TYC is a private company
and a family holding company set up primarily to benefit only a small group of
individuals. TYC submitted that the setting aside of the bankruptcy order
should not have retrospective effect to reinstate JC’s directorship, as TYC
had relied on the bankruptcy order to regulate its affairs. To hold otherwise
would place an undue burden on TYC to investigate, go behind the order of
court, and hold its operations in abeyance after the bankruptcy order has been
made and pending the final outcome of the appeal against that order. TYC cites
Smallcombe v Olivier (1844) 13 M & W 77 (“Smallcombe”), in which the court
held that an order for annulling a fiat in bankruptcy does not invalidate
previous proceedings under the fiat. It also cites Wiseman v Wiseman, where
the Court of Appeal held that “the doctrine of relation back has never been
applied so as to render unlawful that which was originally lawful”.

48 It is unclear how Smallcombe and Wiseman v Wiseman apply to the present
case. There is no evidence as to what acts TYC had lawfully taken (presumably,
under the management of its remaining director, HT, after JC was made a
bankrupt) since the bankruptcy order, in reliance of the fact that a
bankruptcy order had been made against JC before it was subsequently set
aside, that the doctrine of relation back ought not affect. TYC has not shown
how it has relied on the bankruptcy order or has been regulating its affairs
after the order was made against JC, such that, if the effects of the order
are unwound and JC were to be automatically reinstated as a director, TYC or
any third party would suffer prejudice.

49 Article 3A of the TYC Articles states that there must be at least two
directors in TYC – this is not disputed by HT. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

HT’s second affidavit dated 14 December 2016, para 32.

Hence, even assuming that HT was the sole director after JC was made a
bankrupt, TYC would have had to rely on the TYC Articles read with Table A to
appoint at least one other director in order for TYC’s board to exercise its
powers of management, including authorising Amstay to make payments on TYC’s
behalf.

50 Thus, TYC and HT have not shown me what powers TYC could have, or had,
lawfully exercised on its own, via HT as the sole director of TYC, during the
period of JC’s bankruptcy order being in force. This was recognised by TYC and
HT, and is precisely why TYC has, by this originating summons, sought reliefs
such as the appointment of another director and for reimbursement of payments
made by Amstay on TYC’s behalf. In any event, even if HT claimed that he was
entitled to appoint another director of TYC 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

HT’s first affidavit dated 7 October 2016, para 13.

pursuant to Article 8 of the TYC Articles (an issue which I will deal with
later), it remains that no other director has been appointed. HT also
recognised that in view of the bankruptcy order, TYC had not been able to, and
did not, make payments in the ordinary course of business. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

HT’s first affidavit dated 7 October 2016, para 19.

51 Thus, in conclusion, I am of the view that the setting aside of the
bankruptcy order had the effect of automatically reinstating JC as a permanent
Governing Director of TYC.

Declaration for HT to appoint another director of TYC, or alternatively for
TYC to convene an EGM to pass a resolution to appoint a new director

52 Given my decision that JC remains a Governing Director of TYC, I dismiss
TYC’s first and second prayers. Although it is thus not necessary to discuss
those prayers, I will do so briefly for completeness.

53 If JC were no longer a Governing Director of TYC, I would not have granted
a declaration for HT to unilaterally appoint another director pursuant to
Article 8 of the TYC Articles. Article 8 provides that the appointment of
alternate Governing Directors or directors of TYC must be made by JC and HT
acting in their capacities as Governing Directors. Whilst the exercise of this
power is qualified by the words “whilst [HT and JC] hold the office of
Governing Directors”, Article 8 further states that “in the event of the death
of any of the two Governing Directors, the surviving person shall be entitled
to exercise all or any of the powers previously held by the Governing
Directors jointly” [emphasis added]. Hence, Article 8 must be read such that
the power to appoint another director, via Article 8 itself, must be done
jointly by JC and HT and it is only in the event that one of them dies that
the power can be exercised singly by the surviving Governing Director. The
articles of TYC is a contract between the shareholders of TYC and TYC, and
between the shareholders inter se (see Chan Siew Lee v TYC at [36] and s 39(1)
of the CA). It is not for the court to rewrite the express provisions of this
contract such that contrary to it, HT can unilaterally appoint new directors
via Article 8.

54 Instead, had I decided that JC was no longer a director of TYC, I would
have allowed (by way of an amended prayer 2 of the Originating Summons, as
suggested by Mr Chu 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Hearing of OS on 22 June 2017.

) the remaining director, HT, to convene an EGM of members for the passing of
a resolution to appoint a new director, as provided for in Article 44 of Table
A. Alternatively, pursuant to s 177(1) of the CA (read with Articles 43 and 67
of Table A), TYC’s members can call an EGM of the company for the purposes of
appointing another director.

Whether clause 10 of the SSD is frustrated by reason of the bankruptcy order
made against JC

55 Likewise, given my earlier findings, I also dismiss TYC’s third prayer.
However, I will deal with it briefly for completeness. TYC submits that there
is an implied term that clause 10 is only operable if both JC and HT remain
directors of TYC, and that in the alternative, clause 10 has been frustrated
by the vacation of JC’s office as director of TYC. I agree that there is an
implied term that clause 10 is only operable if both JC and HT remain
directors of TYC. Clause 10 was the subject of a previous dispute between the
parties in TYC Investment, where the High Court held (at [192]) that the
clause was a contractual promise by HT and JC to each other in their
capacities as directors of TYC. This part of the decision was not disturbed on
appeal, and I have no reason to disagree with it. Clause 10 pertains to
payments by TYC, and JC’s and HT’s capacities to sign cheques on TYC’s bank
accounts or to approve the payments must be in exercise of their management
powers as directors of TYC. The powers of management of a company rest with
its board of directors and not with its shareholders (see s 157A of the CA and
Chan Siew Lee v TYC).

56 Hence, had I held that JC was no longer a director of TYC, clause 10 would
have been frustrated as the very capacities in which she and HT had
contemplated their bargain in respect of that clause would no longer exist.
Clause 10 would become impossible to perform as JC would not have the power to
sign cheques on TYC’s bank accounts or vouchers approving the payments.

Declaration that TYC be at liberty to reimburse Amstay for payments made by
Amstay on TYC’s behalf

57 At the hearing before me, parties agreed that I need not deal with the
fourth prayer sought by TYC, namely for a declaration that it be at liberty to
reimburse Amstay for payments made by it on TYC’s behalf in the ordinary
course of TYC’s business. In my view, TYC should first attempt to utilise the
mechanisms already available to resolve this. The parties agreed. In the
present case, given that I have held that JC is reinstated as a director of
TYC, the approval mechanism under clause 10 of the SSD should first be
employed. Failing that, the Court of Appeal in Chan Siew Lee v TYC has held
that shareholders have, in certain limited circumstances, the reserve power to
authorise payments where there is a deadlock within the board which cannot be
broken by the appointment of additional directors and/or the removal of
directors. Likewise, even if I had decided that JC was not reinstated to the
board and that clause 10 of the SSD had been frustrated, TYC should first
deploy mechanisms under its articles to resolve the issue of reimbursement or
payments by Amstay. I make no comments on whether and how TYC can or should
resolve this issue, as this is no longer a live issue before me.

58 Suffice to say, the relief prayed for by TYC is, in my view, premature. The
court should only step in when the company cannot resolve the matter after
having employed the appropriate powers and mechanisms given under its articles
and by law, and even then, there are limits to the types of relief that the
court can grant. It is not the task of the court to manage the affairs of a
company (Shuttleworth v Cox Brothers and Company [1927] 2 KB 9 at 23), such
powers being the preserve of the board of directors (Chan Siew Lee v TYC at
[1]).

Declaration that JC be reinstated as permanent Governing Director, in the
event that there is no automatic reinstatement or that JC was no longer a
director

59 Again, the issue of whether JC should be reinstated, by the court, as a
permanent Governing Director of TYC, if she were found to be no longer a
director or that there is no automatic reinstatement despite setting aside the
bankruptcy order, need not be dealt with in view of my findings above.

60 However, if I had to deal with this, I would not have granted this relief.
The TYC Articles read with Table A provides for the appointment of directors.
JC is at liberty to stand for re-election as a director, in accordance with
those provisions. The court has no power to alter a company’s articles, save
on limited grounds such as under s 216 of the CA (Chan Siew Lee v TYC at
[36]). There is also no express power (statutory or otherwise) conferred on
the court to make a reinstatement in such circumstances. Thus, it is not
appropriate for the court to depart from provisions in the TYC Articles
pertaining to the appointment of directors and reinstate JC as a director of
TYC on its own discretion. This would amount to rewriting the company’s
articles. I would add that this is also not a case in which TYC or HT had
procured JC’s ouster from the board, and hence the issue of bona fides on the
part of TYC or HT does not arise. JC’s office of director was vacated as a
result of her bankruptcy, which had nothing to do with TYC or HT.

Conclusion

61 In conclusion, I make the following orders:

(a) I dismiss prayers (1), (2) and (3) of TYC’s application (see [7(a)],
[7(b)] and [7(c)] above) and make no order on prayer 4 of TYC’s application
(see [7(d)] above).

(b) I also dismiss JC’s counterclaim in [8(a)] and [8(b)] above, but allow her
counterclaim in [8(g)] above, in that she is automatically reinstated as a
permanent Governing Director of TYC. JC was not, during the time when the
bankruptcy order subsisted, a director of TYC, as her office of director
became vacant upon the bankruptcy order being made. Article 72 of Table A did
not contradict Article 8 of the TYC Articles. However, by reason of the
setting aside of the bankruptcy order, JC is automatically reinstated as a
permanent Governing Director of TYC. I wish to emphasise that, had JC’s
bankruptcy order remained in force and had not been set aside, JC’s office of
director would have remained vacated.

(c) As for clause 10 of the SSD, this remains operable because of JC’s
reinstatement as a permanent Governing Director of TYC. Hence I make no order
on JC’s counterclaim in [8(c)] and [8(d)] above.

62 As for a declaration that the Notification filed on 7 October 2016 with
ACRA on HT’s instructions is null, void and illegal (see [8(e)] above), I
dismissed this prayer. I find that the Notification was properly filed since
as at 7 October 2016, JC’s bankruptcy order was still in force. However, as I
hold that JC’s office as director is reinstated, in relation to JC’s claim in
[8(f)], TYC is to do the necessary and file the relevant information with ACRA
on JC’s reinstatement as a director.

63 I will hear the parties on costs.

Audrey Lim  
Judicial Commissioner

Chu Hua Yi and Michelle Lee Ying-Ying (Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Bachoo Mohan Singh (Bachoo Mohan Singh Law Practice) for the first defendant;  
Chelva Retnam Rajah, S.C., Chia Ru Yun Megan Joan and Perry Elizabeth Wong
(Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the second defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

