Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 263

Originating Summons No 466 of 2017

(Summons No 2219 of 2017)

Between

CMC RAVENNA SINGAPORE BRANCH  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

CGW CONSTRUCTION & ENGINEERING (S) PTE LTD  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Building and Construction Law] — [Statutes and regulations] — [Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act]

[Building and Construction Law] — [Dispute resolution] — [Adjudication] —
[Adjudication review determination] — [Setting aside]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
CMC Ravenna Singapore Branch

  

v

  

CGW Construction & Engineering (S) Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 263

High Court — Originating Summons No 466 of 2017 (Summons No 2219 of 2017)  
Chan Seng Onn J  
29 June 2017

23 October 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 2219 of 2017 is an application taken out by CGW Construction &
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (“CGW”), the respondent in Originating Summons No 466
of 2017 (“OS 466”), to set aside (“the Setting Aside Application”):

(a) the adjudication review determination dated 12 April 2017 (“the Review
Determination”) in Adjudication Review Application No 1 of 2017 (“the Review
Application”); and

(b) the order of court dated 28 April 2017 (“the Order of Court”) obtained by
CMC Ravenna Singapore Branch (“CMC Ravenna”), the applicant in OS 466,
granting CMC Ravenna leave to enforce the Review Determination.

2 The application raises certain issues concerning the extent of review that a
court should undertake when invited to set aside an adjudication review
determination pursuant to s 27(5) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”).

Background

3 The present dispute arose out of a contract involving the construction of
the Tampines West Station and tunnels for Stage Three of the Mass Rapid
Transit Downtown Line project (“the Project”). CMC Ravenna was engaged by the
Land Transport Authority (“LTA”), the employer, to be the main contractor of
the Project, while CGW was engaged by CMC Ravenna as the sub-contractor. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Cao Yongliu’s Affidavit dated 16 May 2017 (“Cao’s 1st Affidavit”), paras 8 and
10.

4 Specifically, CMC Ravenna had initially engaged CGW pursuant to a letter of
award dated 15 May 2015 (“the Letter of Award”) to, inter alia, supply skilled
and general workers, equipment and minor tools for the fixing and installation
of the rebar to the skin wall abutting the D-wall at the site. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-3, pp 3240–3241.

Under the Letter of Award, the works were valued at S$1,008,666.30. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-3, p 3243.

5 Subsequently, CMC Ravenna and CGW entered into an Addendum to the Letter of
Award dated 2 October 2015 (“the Addendum”), which increased CGW’s scope of
works from that originally specified under the Letter of Award to include the
provision of skilled workers for, inter alia, rebar installation, formwork
installation and the placing of concrete for Entrance B of the site, as well
as rebar installation for the service slab at the site. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-4, pp 3250–3251.

The working period was expressly specified to be for “2 months”, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-4, p 3250.

and the works were valued at S$944,404.80. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-4, p 3255.

The payment terms were stated as follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-4, p 3252.

2\. Payments:

Payment will be made for completed works on a monthly progress basis. A 5%
Retention shall be retained on all progress payments. The retention shall be
released upon practical completion of the subcontract works to the
satisfaction of CMC [Ravenna] and LTA upon finalization of the subcontract
accounts.

The Subcontractor [CGW] shall submit the progress claim at the end of each
month. The Contractor [CMC Ravenna] shall issue a progress payment certificate
within 21 days from the date of [the Subcontractor CGW’s] submission of the
progress claim, and the Contractor [CMC Ravenna] shall release payment within
21 days from the date of the payment certificate and the receipt of original
tax invoice from the Subcontractor [CGW].

Failure to complete the subcontract work within the stipulated working period
will [be] liable to imposition of Liquidated damages at S$2,500 per day.

[emphasis added]

According to CGW, it only signed the Addendum on 8 January 2017. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, para 11.

6 On 31 October 2016, pursuant to the payment terms set out under the
Addendum, CGW served Progress Claim 16 for “Works Done Up To And Including
31st October 2016” (“PC 16”) on CMC Ravenna for the sum of S$410,325.16
(inclusive of GST). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex E, Tab 2, p 295.

This meant that CMC Ravenna was supposed to pay CGW S$410,325.16 (inclusive of
GST).

7 On 7 November 2016, CMC Ravenna served its Interim Payment Certificate
(Payment Response) No 16 (“PR 16”) on CGW, which confirmed CMC Ravenna’s
receipt of PC 16. PR 16 indicated that the “DUE AMOUNT (GST Excluded)” was
“(735,378.93)”. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex E, Tab 5, p 328.

This meant that the response amount was (S$735,378.93) (excluding GST), or a
negative S$735,378.93 (excluding GST). In essence, CMC Ravenna was responding
that CGW was instead owing it a sum of S$735,378.93 (excluding GST) and
therefore, there was nothing for CMC Ravenna to pay CGW under PC 16.

Procedural history

8 On 5 December 2016, CGW commenced Adjudication Application No 469 of 2016 by
first serving a notice of intention to apply for adjudication on CMC Ravenna,
11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex E, Tab 6, pp 346-353.

and thereafter lodging an adjudication application (“the Adjudication
Application”) with the Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”), which is an
authorised nominating body (“ANB”) under the SOPA. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex E.

The payment claim was revised from S$410,325.16 (inclusive of GST) to
S$381,705.78 (inclusive of GST). 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, para 20.

9 On 9 December 2016, the SMC informed the parties that Ms Khoo Jing Ling was
appointed as the adjudicator for the dispute (“the Adjudicator”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-5.

10 On 13 December 2016, CMC Ravenna lodged its adjudication response (“the
Adjudication Response”) with the SMC. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex G.

In the Adjudication Response, CMC Ravenna justified its response amount of
“(S$735,378.93)” by disputing CGW’s claimed amount of S$381,705.78 (inclusive
of GST) and proposing deductions in the sum of S$1,076,815.22. In particular,
the bulk of the deductions in the Adjudication Response comprised the
liquidated damages in the sum of S$547,500.00 that CMC Ravenna had allegedly
suffered due to CGW’s alleged delay in completing the Addendum works (“the
Liquidated Damages Claim”). 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex G, Tab G2.

11 On 7 March 2017, the Adjudicator issued her adjudication determination. A
revised version of the adjudication determination was issued on 16 March 2017
to account for some calculation errors made by the Adjudicator (“the revised
Adjudication Determination”). In the revised Adjudication Determination, the
Adjudicator found in favour of CGW and determined that CMC Ravenna was to pay
the sum of S$340,515.61 (plus GST) to CGW (“the Adjudicated Amount”). 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex C.

12 Dissatisfied with the revised Adjudication Determination, CMC Ravenna
commenced the Review Application by paying the Adjudicated Amount to CGW on 17
March 2017 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, Annex A.

and lodging the Review Application with the SMC on 21 March 2017. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, p 142.

In the Review Application, CMC Ravenna stated the response amount as “NIL
[-S$735,378.93 (excluding GST)]”. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-2, p 140.

On 28 March 2017, the SMC informed the parties that Mr Chia Chor Leong was
appointed as the review adjudicator for the Review Application (“the Review
Adjudicator”). 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-7.

13 On 29 March 2017, the Review Adjudicator convened a preliminary conference,
during which CGW challenged the jurisdiction of the Review Adjudicator to hear
and determine the Review Application on the basis that pursuant to s 18(5)(b)
of the SOPA read with reg 10(3) of the Building and Construction Industry
Security of Payment Regulations (Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPR”), a
panel of three review adjudicators should have been convened instead. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, para 36.

The Review Adjudicator made certain observations about CGW’s jurisdictional
challenge, but ultimately declined to make a ruling and ordered the parties to
proceed with the Review Application. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-1, paras 44 and 58.

14 On 12 April 2017, the Review Adjudicator issued the Review Determination.
The Review Adjudicator found in favour of CMC Ravenna, determining that there
is no amount payable by CMC Ravenna to CGW under the Adjudication Application
and that the Adjudicated Amount of S$340,515.61 (plus GST) as determined by
the Adjudicator should be substituted with the Adjudicated Amount of “Nil”. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Cao’s 1st Affidavit, exh CYL-1, para 170.

15 On 27 April 2017, CMC Ravenna commenced OS 466, which is an ex parte
application for leave to enforce the Review Determination in the same manner
as a judgment or order of court. CMC Ravenna obtained the Order of Court on 28
April 2017. On 2 May 2017, the Order of Court was served on CGW.

16 Subsequently, on 16 May 2017, CGW filed the Setting Aside Application.

Issues to be determined

17 Based on the arguments canvassed by the parties, the two main issues that
have arisen for my determination in this application are:

(a) whether the Review Determination should be set aside because a panel of
three review adjudicators instead of a sole review adjudicator should have
been appointed to hear and determine the Review Application (“the Appointment
Issue”); and

(b) whether the Review Determination should be set aside because the Review
Adjudicator had misdirected himself on a point of law (“the Misdirection
Issue”).

18 Succeeding on either issue will be sufficient for CGW to succeed in the
Setting Aside Application.

The applicable legal principles

19 At the outset, I note that there is limited guidance for the setting aside
of adjudication review determinations from the existing corpus of SOPA case
law. Applications to set aside adjudication review determinations have rarely
arisen for our courts’ consideration: to the best of my knowledge, the only
two decisions involving the setting aside of an adjudication review
determination that have been issued in the High Court are the recent decisions
of Ang Cheng Guan Construction Pte Ltd v Corporate Residence Pte Ltd [2017] 3
SLR 988 (“Ang Cheng Guan”) and Mataban Development Pte Ltd v Black Knight
Warrior Pte Ltd [2017] SGHCR 12 (“Mataban Development”). Also, the
adjudication review procedure provided for under the SOPA has no statutory
analogue in any of the other jurisdictions that have introduced similar
regimes to expedite payments in the construction industry, ie, the United
Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand: Ang Cheng Guan at [11], citing SEF
Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“SEF
Construction”) at [24].

20 Having said that, the paucity of case law in this regard is not in itself a
major concern because the grounds for setting aside adjudication review
determinations are broadly similar to those for setting aside adjudication
determinations, which have been the subject of numerous High Court and Court
of Appeal decisions since the SOPA’s inception (see [36] below). Rather, what
causes some difficulty is the identification of the precise grounds on which
adjudication determinations may be set aside. I shall first turn to consider
the law as it currently stands on the setting aside of adjudication
determinations, before setting out the applicable legal principles in respect
of the setting aside of adjudication review determinations.

Setting aside adjudication determinations

No review on the merits

21 The fundamental rule underlying the court’s role in hearing and determining
an application to set aside an adjudication determination is that the court
should not review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision: Lee Wee Lick
Terence (alias Li Weili Terence) v Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt
Construction Engineering) and another appeal [2013] 1 SLR 401 (“Chua Say Eng”)
at [66], citing SEF Construction ([19] supra). This starting position follows
from the fact that a court’s role in dealing with an application to set aside
an adjudication determination is limited to exercising a supervisory function:
see Citiwall Safety Glass Pte Ltd v Mansource Interior Pte Ltd [2015] 1 SLR
797 (“Citiwall”) at [41].

22 This rule also comports with the policy objective underlying the SOPA,
which is to facilitate cash flow in the building and construction industry by
establishing “a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve payment
disputes”: Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) at [2], citing Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (16 November 2004) vol 78 at col 1112 (Cedric Foo
Chee Keng, Minister of State for National Development) (“the second reading
speech”). Any potential unfairness that might result from the quick resolution
of payment claim disputes is meant to be tempered by the temporary finality
that underpins the adjudication process, whereby any injustice in the
adjudication outcomes may yet be redressed at a more thorough and deliberate
forum like arbitration or litigation: see Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania v
Hauslab Design & Build Pte Ltd [2017] 1 SLR 890 at [31], citing W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel”) at [22]. It
is thus consistent with the purpose of the SOPA for a court hearing a setting-
aside application to refrain from looking into the merits of an adjudicator’s
decision to determine if the adjudicator had arrived at the correct decision:
see Citiwall ([21] supra) at [48].

Permissible grounds of review

23 However, the critical question is what a court is entitled to review when
hearing an application to set aside an adjudication determination. In this
regard, the Court of Appeal in Citiwall ([21] supra) has held that a setting-
aside application is only “concerned with the propriety of the [adjudication
determination] itself (that is to say, with issues relating to the
jurisdiction of the adjudicator, including non-compliance with the SOPA, and
procedural propriety in the adjudication, including whether there was a breach
of natural justice)” (at [49]). Although this accords with the general notion
that a court must not review the merits of the adjudicator’s decision, the
matters that a court is permitted to consider when hearing a setting-aside
application remain unclear. I thus endeavour to set out, in the light of
various Court of Appeal decisions that have been issued in this regard, the
grounds on which a court may set aside an adjudication determination.

(1) Breach of natural justice

24 First, a court has the power to set aside an adjudication determination for
breach of natural justice. This ground is uncontroversial and stems from the
statutory obligation imposed on an adjudicator under s 16(3) of the SOPA to
“act independently, impartially and in a timely manner” (s 16(3)(a)), as well
as to “comply with the principles of natural justice” (s 16(3)(c)): see
Citiwall ([21] supra) at [47], citing SEF Construction ([19] supra) at [45].
The principles of natural justice oblige the court to consider first whether
the parties to the adjudication have been accorded a fair hearing and secondly
whether the adjudicator has been independent and impartial in deciding the
dispute: UES Holdings Pte Ltd v KH Foges Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 114 (“Foges”) at
[28], quoting Metropole Pte Ltd v Designshop Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 45 at [46].

(2) Invalid appointment of adjudicator and non-compliance with important
statutory requirements

25 A court also has the power to set aside an adjudication determination on
the ground that an adjudicator was invalidly appointed, or when the claimant
did not comply with important statutory requirements when making his
adjudication application. This was the conclusion of the Court of Appeal in
Chua Say Eng ([21] supra), where it was held (at [66]–[67]) that:

66 Turning now to the court’s role in a setting-aside action, we agree with
the holding in SEF Construction … that the court should not review the merits
of an adjudicator’s decision. The court does, however, have the power to
decide whether the adjudicator was validly appointed. If there is no payment
claim or service of a payment claim, the appointment of an adjudicator will be
invalid, and the resulting adjudication determination would be null and void.

67 Even if there is a payment claim and service of that payment claim, the
court may still set aside the adjudication determination on the ground that
the claimant, in the course of making an adjudication application, has not
complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the [SOPA] which is so
important that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the
provision should be invalid, whether it is labelled as an essential condition
or a mandatory condition. A breach of such a provision would result in the
adjudication determination being invalid.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold]

These two discrete grounds on which a court may set aside an adjudication
determination have been characterised by the Court of Appeal in Grouteam Pte
Ltd v UES Holdings Pte Ltd [2016] 5 SLR 1011 (“Grouteam”) at [49] as errors
that go towards an adjudicator’s jurisdiction (see [32] below). For this
reason, I shall refer to these two grounds as “jurisdictional errors” in this
judgment.

26 To facilitate a more nuanced understanding of the limits of these two
jurisdictional errors, I now turn to examine the two distinct approaches
undertaken in the Singapore courts at that time, which the Court of Appeal in
Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) had to reconcile. The first was the approach taken
by Judith Prakash J (as she then was) in three decisions she authored in quick
succession, Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd [2010] 1 SLR 658 (“Chip Hup Hup Kee”), SEF Construction
([19] supra) and AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Laguna National Golf and
Country Club Ltd [2009] SGHC 260 (“AM Associates”). The second approach was
that taken by Lee Seiu Kin J in Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd
v Italcor Pte Ltd [2010] 3 SLR 459 (“Sungdo”).

27 Out of the three decisions issued by Prakash J, most of the key principles
expounded on by her were set out in SEF Construction ([19] supra). In SEF
Construction, Prakash J held (at [45]–[46]):

… an application to the court under s 27(5) must concern itself with, and the
court’s role must be limited to, determining the existence of the following
basic requirements:

(a) the existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to
which the [SOPA] applies (s 4);

(b) the service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s 10);

(c) the making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating body (s 13);

(d) the reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to
determine the adjudication application (s 14);

(e) the determination by the adjudicator of the application within the
specified period by determining the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by
the respondent to the claimant; the date on which the adjudicated amount is
payable; the interest payable on the adjudicated amount and the proportion of
the costs payable by each party to the adjudication (ss 17(1) and (2));

(f) whether the adjudicator acted independently and impartially and in a
timely manner and complied with the principles of natural justice in
accordance with s 16(3); and

(g) in the case where a review adjudicator or panel of adjudicators has been
appointed, whether the same conditions existed, mutandis mutandi, as under (a)
to (f) above.

The basic requirements set out above were adapted by Prakash J from the
decision of Brodyn Pty Ltd t/as Time Cost and Quality v Davenport and Another
[2004] NSWCA 394 (“Brodyn”). Brodyn was a decision of the New South Wales
Court of Appeal that concerned the setting aside of a judgment entered for the
purpose of enforcing an adjudication determination under the New South Wales
Building and Construction Security of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (NSW)
(“the NSW SOPA”), in which Hodgson JA classified conditions under the NSW SOPA
as “essential” or “non-essential” and decided that judgments could only be set
aside if essential conditions were not complied with (“the essential
conditions approach”) (at [53]). However, while Prakash J intended for the
“basic requirements” to be exhaustive grounds under which a court is allowed
to set aside an adjudication determination, Hodgson JA stated that the “basic
and essential requirements” listed in his judgment (at [53]) were not meant to
be exhaustive (at [55]).

28 In Sungdo ([26] supra), Lee J held (at [34]), in the context of setting
aside an adjudication determination, that where a document does not purport to
be a payment claim, the court would be entitled to set aside the adjudication
determination. However, where a document purports to be a payment claim, the
court would be entitled to review an adjudicator’s decision that the document
indeed satisfies all the requirements of a payment claim only if the
adjudicator’s findings are unreasonable in the sense as described in
Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation [1948]
1 KB 223 (“Wednesbury”), ie, Wednesbury unreasonable.

29 The Court of Appeal in Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) reconciled the two
approaches in SEF Construction ([19] supra) and in Sungdo ([26] supra) by
finding that they were addressing “different legal questions” (at [37]).
According to the Court of Appeal (at [39] and [51]), Lee J in Sungdo was
addressing situations where the payment claim was either non-existent or had
not been served at all. Hence, Lee J was dealing with the “threshold issue of
competence” (at [37]) that went to the “validity of the appointment of the
adjudicator” (at [31]). In so ruling, the Court of Appeal affirmed the holding
in Sungdo that the court may set aside an adjudication determination where the
payments claim is either non-existent or has not been served.

30 On the other hand, the Court of Appeal in Chua Say Eng ([21] supra)
considered that Prakash J was addressing situations where the payment claim
existed and had been served, but did not comply with all the requirements of
the SOPA (at [39]). Hence, Prakash J was dealing with the “substantive issue
of legality” (at [37]) that went to the “validity of the adjudication
determination” (at [31]). However, in respect of situations of mere non-
compliance with the SOPA, the Court of Appeal refrained from affirming Prakash
J’s more restrictive interpretation of the essential conditions approach as
laid down in Brodyn ([27] supra). Instead, it went on to affirm the approach
laid down by the New South Wales Court of Appeal in Chase Oyster Bar Pty Ltd
and Others v Hamo Industries Pty Ltd and Another [2010] NSWCA 190 (“Chase
Oyster”) at [37]–[38] per Spigelman CJ (“the legislative purpose test”), which
provides that the court may set aside an adjudication determination, even if
there was a payment claim and that payment claim was served, where a claimant
fails to comply with a SOPA provision which is so important that it is the
legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision should be
invalid: see Chua Say Eng at [67]. Under the legislative purpose test, in
order to determine the legislative purpose of any SOPA provision in question,
the court must consider the language of the SOPA provision, and the scope and
object of the whole SOPA: see Chua Say Eng at [40] and [52]–[53], citing Chase
Oyster at [37]–[38].

31 The upshot of the Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) decision is that in relation to
situations where the payment claim is in existence and has been served, the
Court of Appeal preferred the legislative purpose test to the essential
conditions approach. This is clear given that the court in Chase Oyster ([30]
supra) had rejected the essential conditions approach laid down in Brodyn
([27] supra). However, the “basic requirements” listed by Prakash J in SEF
Construction ([19] supra) at [45] remain relevant as examples of provisions
that fulfil the legislative purpose test. In other words, the “basic
requirements” listed in SEF Construction at [45] are examples of provisions
that are so important that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in
breach of those provisions should be invalid. This interpretation finds
support in the Court of Appeal’s observation in Chua Say Eng (at [61]) that:

… it seems to us in the context of the different provisions and structure of
the [SOPA] (as compared with the NSW [SOPA]) that the characterisation of an
essential condition in Brodyn … as a condition the breach of which would
invalidate an adjudication is substantially the same as the characterisation
of a mandatory condition in Chase Oyster the breach of which would lead to the
same result.

32 To conclude, where a payment claim does not exist or is not served at all,
the appointment of the adjudicator would be invalid because there would be no
basis at all for the adjudicator to be appointed in the first place. The
adjudicator would thus lack jurisdiction at the threshold. Conversely, even
where a payment claim exists or has been served, if the claimant fails to
comply with a provision of the SOPA that is so important that it is the
legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision should be
invalid, the adjudication determination would be found to be invalid as a
substantive matter because there would be no basis for the adjudicator to act
or come to any determination binding on the parties concerned. The adjudicator
would thus lack substantive jurisdiction. Examples of such important SOPA
provisions include the “basic requirements” listed in SEF Construction ([19]
supra) at [45]. An adjudicator determination may be set aside on the ground of
either of these jurisdictional errors: see Grouteam ([25] supra) at [49].

(3) Patent error on the face of the record

33 Finally, a court also has the power to set aside an adjudication
determination on the ground that a patent error on the face of the record has
been committed. This ground, by allowing a court to look into the substance of
the adjudicator’s decision, might appear to contravene the cardinal rule that
a court is not to engage in a review of the merits of the adjudicator’s
decision. However, this danger is regulated by the highly circumscribed manner
in which a “patent error” has been defined by the courts: an adjudicator would
be considered to have committed a patent error only if he commits errors that
are plain and evident on the face of the material that has been properly
placed before the adjudicator and which he is permitted and, indeed, obliged
to consider: see W Y Steel ([22] supra) at [51] and [54]. Put in another way,
for an error committed by the adjudicator to be considered a “patent” error,
it must be “easily recognisable” or “obvious”, such that it would have been
incumbent on the adjudicator to avoid such an error had he considered the
material properly placed before him: see Kingsford Construction Pte Ltd v A
Deli Construction Pte Ltd and another matter [2017] SGHC 174 (“Kingsford”) at
[35], quoted with approval in OGSP Engineering Pte Ltd v Comfort Management
Pte Ltd [2017] SGHC 247 (“OGSP”) at [23].

(4) Conclusion

34 I note in passing that another possible ground on which courts have
previously held that it is possible to set aside an adjudication determination
is where the adjudication determination has been obtained by fraud: OGSP ([33]
supra) at [37]; see also Mansource Interior Pte Ltd v Citiwall Safety Glass
Pte Ltd [2014] 3 SLR 264 at [31] and W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte
Ltd [2012] SGHC 194 at [7]. However, the Court of Appeal has thus far neither
affirmed nor rejected fraud as a valid setting-aside ground: see OGSP at
[34]–[35]. Given that this ground was not raised in this matter, I refrain
from expressing a view on whether fraud should indeed be a valid setting-aside
ground and leave this to be dealt with by another court with the benefit of
comprehensive submissions in this regard.

35 The role of a court in hearing and determining an application to set aside
an adjudication determination may thus be conveniently restated as follows:

(a) When considering an application to set aside an adjudication
determination, the court should not review the merits of the adjudicator’s
decision (see [21]–[22] above).

(b) However, the court has the power to set aside the adjudication
determination if:

(i) The adjudicator has acted in breach of the principles of natural justice
(see [24] above);

(ii) The adjudicator was not validly appointed because the payment claim does
not exist or was not served at all, which causes the adjudicator to lack
jurisdiction at the threshold (see [32] above);

(iii) Even if the adjudicator was validly appointed, the claimant, in the
course of making an adjudication application, has not complied with one (or
more) of the provisions under the SOPA which is so important that it is the
legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision should be
invalid, which causes the adjudicator to lack substantive jurisdiction (see
[32] above); or

(iv) The adjudicator commits a patent error on the face of the record (see
[33] above).

(c) Examples of the provisions under the SOPA that are considered so important
that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of the provision
should be invalid include (see [27] and [31] above):

(i) the existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to
which the SOPA applies (s 4);

(ii) the fulfilment of the formal requirements by the claimant when effecting
service of a payment claim on the respondent (s 10);

(iii) the making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an
authorised nominating body (s 13);

(iv) the reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to
determine the adjudication application (s 14); and

(v) the determination by the adjudicator of the application within the
specified period by determining the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by
the respondent to the claimant; the date on which the adjudicated amount is
payable; the interest payable on the adjudicated amount and the proportion of
the costs payable by each party to the adjudication (ss 17(1) and (2)).

Setting aside adjudication review determinations

36 In my view, the principles set out above regarding the setting aside of
adjudication determinations should apply with equal force, albeit with
suitable modifications, to the setting aside of adjudication review
determinations for the following reasons:

(a) First, applications to set aside adjudication review determinations are
brought under the exact same provision as applications to set aside
adjudication determinations, ie, s 27(5) of the SOPA. Section 27(5) only
expressly refers to a “party to an adjudication [commencing] proceedings to
set aside the adjudication determination or the judgment obtained”, and an
“adjudication determination” is defined under s 2 to, “in relation to an
adjudication, [mean] the determination of the adjudicator”. However, s 2
defines an “adjudication” to include “an adjudication review”, and also
defines an “adjudicator” to include “a review adjudicator or a panel of review
adjudicators appointed under s 18(5)(b)”. Accordingly, the setting aside of an
“adjudication determination” referred to in s 27(5) should also include the
setting aside of a determination of a review adjudicator or a panel of review
adjudicators.

(b) Second, review adjudicators are empowered under s 19(5) of the SOPA to
determine almost precisely the same matters as adjudicators are empowered to
determine under s 17(2), such that review adjudicators are effectively
entitled to “reconsider the findings of facts as well as the application of
legal principles to those findings of fact”: SEF Construction ([19] supra) at
[23].

(c) Third, adjudication review determinations have the same temporarily
binding quality of adjudication determinations. This is evident from s 21 of
the SOPA, which provides that an adjudication determination shall be binding
on parties to the adjudication unless or until leave of the court to enforce
the adjudication determination is refused, the dispute is finally determined
by a court or tribunal or at any other dispute resolution proceeding, or the
dispute is settled by agreement of the parties (s 21(1)), and that an
adjudication review determination “shall have effect as if it were an
adjudication determination for the purposes of [the SOPA]” (s 21(2)).

(d) Finally, Prakash J in SEF Construction ([19] supra) has also implicitly
recognised (at [45(g)]) that an adjudication review determination “may be
treated by the court in a similar manner as if it were an adjudication
determination”: Mataban Development ([19] supra) at [29].

37 It thus stands to reason that the principles set out above (at [34]) could
be suitably modified for the purposes of delineating the court’s role in
setting aside adjudication review determinations. I restate them in the
following manner:

(a) When considering an application to set aside an adjudication review
determination, the court should not review the merits of the review
adjudicator’s decision.

(b) However, the court has the power to set aside the adjudication review
determination if:

(i) The review adjudicator has acted in breach of the principles of natural
justice;

(ii) The review adjudicator was not validly appointed, which causes the review
adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the threshold;

(iii) Even if the review adjudicator was validly appointed, the respondent in
the adjudication, in the course of making an adjudication review application,
has not complied with one (or more) of the provisions under the SOPA which is
so important that it is the legislative purpose that an act done in breach of
the provision should be invalid, which causes the review adjudicator to lack
substantive jurisdiction; or

(iv) The review adjudicator commits a patent error on the face of the record.

38 I now proceed to deal with each of the identified issues in turn.

My decision

39 Having carefully considered the parties’ submissions and the authorities
cited in support thereof, I find against CGW on both issues. In the result, I
dismiss the Setting Aside Application.

The Appointment Issue

40 CGW’s first contention for the setting aside of the Review Determination is
that the Review Adjudicator lacks the jurisdiction to hear and determine the
Review Application because a panel of three review adjudicators, instead of a
single review adjudicator, should have been appointed pursuant to s 18(5)(b)
of the SOPA read with reg 10(3) of the SOPR. Two questions arise from this
contention:

(a) Whether the SMC’s appointment of the wrong number of review adjudicators
is a jurisdictional error; and

(b) Whether the SMC should have appointed three review adjudicators to hear
and determine the Review Application.

41 I find that the Review Adjudicator had the jurisdiction to hear and
determine the Review Application. In my judgment, although the ANB’s
appointment of the wrong number of review adjudicators is a jurisdictional
error, the SMC had rightly appointed a single review adjudicator to hear and
determine the Review Application in this case. Hence, the Review Determination
should not be set aside on this ground.

Whether the ANB’s appointment of the wrong number of review adjudicators is a
jurisdictional error

42 At the outset, I note that it was common ground between both CGW and CMC
Ravenna that if CGW managed to show that the SMC had appointed the wrong
number of review adjudicators, the Review Determination would be liable to be
set aside (ie, the SMC’s appointment of the wrong number of review
adjudicators is a jurisdictional error). CMC Ravenna did not seriously contest
this point of law, while CGW expressly asserted in its submissions that if it
managed to show that the SMC should have appointed a panel of three review
adjudicators instead of a sole review adjudicator under reg 10(3) of the SOPR,
then the Review Adjudicator would clearly “not have jurisdiction” to hear and
determine the Review Application. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, dated 28 June 2017, para 36.

Therefore, it is strictly unnecessary for me to determine which type of
jurisdictional error the appointment of the wrong number of review
adjudicators would fall under (see [35(b)(ii)] and [35(b)(iii)] above).
Nevertheless, for the purposes of clarity, I shall proceed to consider whether
the ANB’s appointment of the wrong number of review adjudicators would cause
the review adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the threshold or lack
substantive jurisdiction.

43 In my view, if the ANB appoints the wrong number of review adjudicators,
the review adjudicator would lack jurisdiction at the threshold to hear and
determine the adjudication review application because the appointment of the
review adjudicator would be invalid.

44 I first set out the provisions relevant to the appointment of review
adjudicators by the ANB. Section 18 of the SOPA states as follows:

Adjudication review applications

18.—(1) This section shall apply to a respondent who is a party to an
adjudication if the adjudicated amount exceeds the relevant response amount by
the prescribed amount or more.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), where a respondent to whom this section applies
is aggrieved by the determination of the adjudicator, the respondent may,
within 7 days after being served the adjudication determination, lodge an
application for the review of the determination with the authorised nominating
body with which the application for the adjudication had been lodged under
section 13.

(3) Where the respondent is required in consequence of the adjudication
determination to pay an adjudicated amount to the claimant, the respondent
shall not lodge any application for the review of the determination unless he
has paid the adjudicated amount to the claimant.

(4) An adjudication review application —

(a) shall be made in writing addressed to the authorised nominating body
requesting it to appoint one or more review adjudicators to determine the
application;

(b) shall contain such information or be accompanied by such documents as may
be prescribed; and

(c) shall be accompanied by such application fee as may be determined by the
authorised nominating body.

(5) The authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
review application —

(a) serve —

(i) a copy thereof on the claimant; and

(ii) a notice in writing that the application has been made on the principal
(if known) and the owner concerned; and

(b) subject to subsection (7) and in accordance with the prescribed criteria,
appoint a review adjudicator or a panel of 3 review adjudicators.

(6) The authorised nominating body shall, within 7 days after receipt of the
adjudication review application, serve a notice in writing confirming the
appointment of the review adjudicator or the panel of review adjudicators, as
the case may be, on the parties to the adjudication review, the principal (if
known) and the owner concerned.

(7) For the purpose of subsection (5)(b) —

(a) section 14(1) and (2) shall apply with the necessary modifications; and

(b) the authorised nominating body shall not appoint an adjudicator whose
determination is the subject of the adjudication review.

[emphasis added]

Regulation 10 of the SOPR states as follows:

Adjudication review applications

10.—(1) A respondent who is a party to an adjudication shall be entitled to
lodge an application for the review of the determination of the adjudicator
under section 18 of the Act if the adjudicated amount exceeds the relevant
response amount by $100,000 or more.

(2) Every adjudication review application shall —

(a) contain proof of payment of the adjudicated amount to the claimant
pursuant to section 18(3) of the Act; and

(b) be accompanied by a copy of the adjudication determination that is the
subject of the application.

(3) An authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
review application —

(a) appoint one review adjudicator if the adjudicated amount exceeds the
relevant response amount by $100,000 or more but less than $1 million; or

(b) appoint a panel of 3 review adjudicators if the adjudicated amount exceeds
the relevant response amount by $1 million or more.

[emphasis added]

45 In my view, the foregoing provisions show that for there to be a valid
appointment of a review adjudicator, the ANB must: (a) receive an adjudication
review application, and (b) appoint the review adjudicator or a panel of three
review adjudicators according to the “prescribed criteria” under reg 10(3) of
the SOPR. If either requirement is not met, then the review adjudicator
appointed would lack jurisdiction at the threshold; in such circumstances,
even if the review adjudicator accepts the nomination by the ANB, “[a]n
acceptance of an invalid nomination would not clothe the acceptor with the
office of [review] adjudicator”: see Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) at [30].

46 It might be contended that the ANB’s appointment of the review adjudicator
according to the “prescribed criteria” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR should not
in fact affect a review adjudicator’s jurisdiction at the threshold. The Court
of Appeal in Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) has previously made the following
observations about the role of the ANB in the appointment of an adjudicator
(at [63]):

The role of the ANB

63 In our view, the functions of the ANB are set out in s 13(4) of the [SOPA],
which provides that the ANB shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
application, serve a copy on the respondent, and s 14(3) of the [SOPA], which
provides that the ANB shall, within seven days after receipt of the
adjudication application, serve a notice in writing confirming the appointment
of an adjudicator on the claimant, the respondent, the principal (if known)
and the owner concerned. Given the mandatory words of obligation, and the
short timelines for carrying out its duties, it seems to us that the ANB’s
function is largely administrative in nature when appointing an adjudicator.
The ANB has no obligation to consider the bona fides of the claimant’s request
by looking into or questioning whether the payment claim is intended to be a
payment claim, whether it has been served or properly served on the
respondent, or whether it complies with all the requirements of the [SOPA].

[original emphasis removed; emphasis added]

Those remarks might suggest that the role of the ANB, being “largely
administrative in nature when appointing an adjudicator”, should necessarily
also be largely administrative in nature when appointing a review adjudicator.
Accordingly, as the argument might go, the appointment by the ANB of the wrong
number of review adjudicators should not be an error that causes the review
adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the threshold.

47 I do not think that just because the ANB plays a predominantly
administrative role in the appointment process, it would ipso facto mean that
all errors made by the ANB do not go to jurisdiction. On the contrary, there
are still facets of the ANB’s role in the appointment process that are pivotal
to the validity of the appointment of an adjudicator or review adjudicator.
This is evident from s 14(1) of the SOPA, which states as follows:

Appointment of adjudicator

14.—(1) The authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
application, refer the adjudication application to a person who is on the
register of adjudicators established under section 28(4)(a) and whom the
authorised nominating body considers to be appropriate for appointment as the
adjudicator to determine the adjudication application.

[emphasis added]

Section 28(4)(a), which is referred to in s 14(1), in turn states as follows:

Authorised nominating bodies

28.— …

(4) An authorised nominating body shall, in relation to its authorisation
under subsection (1) —

(a) establish and maintain a register of adjudicators;

…

From the use of the modal verb “shall”, instead of “may”, under s 14(1), it is
evident that when the ANB refers an adjudication application to an adjudicator
who is not on the register of adjudicators established by the ANB, the
appointment of the adjudicator must necessarily be considered invalid. This
should then cause the adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the threshold. More
importantly for our purposes, s 18(5)(b) read with s 18(7)(a) both incorporate
these mandatory requirements under s 14(1) for the purposes of the appointment
of review adjudicators. This ensures that the ANB plays a similarly
fundamental role in the appointment of a review adjudicator in this specific
manner, ie, the reference by the ANB of a review application to a review
adjudicator who is not on the register of adjudicators would also invalidate
the appointment of the review adjudicator. It would thus be incorrect to
suggest that, just because the ANB usually plays a largely administrative
role, an error made by the ANB in the appointment of a review adjudicator can
never go to the jurisdiction of the review adjudicator.

48 Taking the above conclusion one step further, it is thus also open to me to
ascribe mandatory effect to s 18(5)(b) of the SOPA read with reg 10(3) of the
SOPR, and find that s 18(5)(b) of the SOPA introduces the mandatory
requirement that the ANB must nominate review adjudicators for a particular
adjudication review application only in accordance with the criteria
prescribed under reg 10(3) of the SOPR. Therefore, the failure of the ANB to
appoint the correct number of review adjudicators in accordance with the
magnitude of the difference between the adjudicated amount and the relevant
response amount should be an error that causes the appointed review
adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the threshold.

49 This construction of s 18(5)(b) of the SOPA read with reg 10(3) of the SOPR
finds support in the authoritative treatise of Chow Kok Fong, Security of
Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013), which
states the following (at para 17.30):

… The steps which the ANB is obliged to take upon receipt of an adjudication
review application are as follows:

(a) First, the ANB has to determine whether a review application should go
before a single review adjudicator or a panel of three review adjudicators.

(b) After determining the appropriate size of the tribunal, the ANB then has
to appoint the review adjudicator or panel of review adjudicators.

These obligations are reinforced in regulation 10(3) of the [SOPR]. …

[emphasis added]

To my mind, the learned author’s treatment of the reg 10(3) requirements as an
obligation of the ANB in the appointment process provides considerable support
for treating reg 10(3) of the SOPR as a mandatory requirement.

50 I thus conclude that the ANB’s appointment of the wrong number of review
adjudicators to hear and determine an adjudication review application is an
error that causes the review adjudicator to lack jurisdiction at the
threshold.

Whether the SMC should have appointed a panel of three review adjudicators

51 I now direct my attention to the heart of the dispute regarding the
Appointment Issue, which essentially turns on the correct interpretation of
“relevant response amount” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR. In my view, the SMC
was correct in deciding that the difference between the adjudicated amount and
the relevant response amount was less than S$1m. The SMC had thus rightfully
appointed a single review adjudicator to hear and determine the Review
Application pursuant to reg 10(3).

52 It was common ground between both parties that the adjudicated amount is
S$340,515.61. What remains in dispute is the exact quantum of the “relevant
response amount” in this case for the purposes of reg 10(3) of the SOPR.
Regulation 10(3) is once again set out as follows:

Adjudication review applications

10.— …

(3) An authorised nominating body shall, upon receipt of an adjudication
review application —

(a) appoint one review adjudicator if the adjudicated amount exceeds the
relevant response amount by $100,000 or more but less than $1 million; or

(b) appoint a panel of 3 review adjudicators if the adjudicated amount exceeds
the relevant response amount by $1 million or more.

[emphasis added]

53 CGW argued that the “relevant response amount” should properly be regarded
as “(S$735,378.93)”, such that the difference between the adjudicated amount
and the response amount would be S$1,075,894.54, which exceeds S$1m. This,
pursuant to reg 10(3)(b) of the SOPR, would require a panel of three review
adjudicators to be appointed. In support of this, CGW made the following
submissions:

(a) First, the “relevant response amount” must refer to the response amount
provided in the original payment response. In this case, the payment response
in question is PR 16, which in turn expressly states that the response amount
is “(S$735,378.93)” (see [7] above). 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, paras 43–52.

(b) Second, the provisions in the SOPA and the SOPR that pertain to payment
responses and adjudication responses expressly recognise the possibility of
sums being withheld by respondents. This in turn shows that the adjudication
process clearly contemplates the prospect of the response amount being a
negative figure. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, paras 61–74.

(c) Third, it is in fact an accepted practice for the response amount to
include negative sums, given that there exists an array of reported cases that
involve the payment response being reflected as a negative amount. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, paras 69–70.

54 In response, CMC Ravenna argued that the “relevant response amount” was
rightly considered by the SMC to be “Nil”, such that the difference between
the adjudicated amount and the response amount would be S$340,515.61, which is
less than S$1m. This, pursuant to reg 10(3)(a) of the SOPR, would require a
single review adjudicator to be appointed. In aid of this reading of “relevant
response amount”, CMC Ravenna relied on the definition of “response amount”
under s 2 of the SOPA to argue that the “relevant response amount” under reg
10(3) of the SOPR cannot carry a negative value because CGW cannot possibly
propose to pay a negative value. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions, paras 9–17.

55 I accept CMC Ravenna’s contention that the “relevant response amount” under
reg 10(3) of the SOPR cannot carry a negative value. This is first evident
from the plain and literal reading of the definition of “response amount”
under s 2 of the SOPA, which defines a “response amount” as “the amount that a
respondent proposes to pay to a claimant in a payment response” [emphasis
added]. Interpreting “relevant response amount” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR to
include negative values would do violence to the express wording of the
definition of “response amount” under s 2 of the SOPA because, as submitted by
CMC Ravenna, it is not logically possible for a respondent to propose to pay a
negative amount to a claimant. In other words, the definition of “response
amount” under s 2 of the SOPA clearly envisages a “relevant response amount”
under reg 10(3) of the SOPR to carry only positive values or a nil value but
not a negative value.

56 Next, it is trite that statutory provisions ought to, as much as possible,
be construed as a harmonious whole with the other provisions in the same
statute or related subsidiary legislation. I thus find it telling that the
interpretation of “relevant response amount” advanced by CMC Ravenna also
makes eminent sense when read alongside reg 6(1)(c) of the SOPR, which
provides that every “payment response provided in relation to a construction
contract shall … state ‘nil’ where the respondent does not propose to pay any
part of the claimed amount and the reasons therefor” [emphasis added]. Put in
another way, reg 6(1)(c) categorically states that where a respondent does not
propose to pay any part of the amount claimed by a claimant whatsoever, he or
she is supposed to state “nil”, as opposed to any possible negative amount. In
my view, there is thus much force in the argument that the “relevant response
amount” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR is not intended to carry negative values.

57 The final nail in the coffin of the assertion that the “relevant response
amount” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR can carry negative values comes from the
clear parliamentary intention in respect of the provisions providing for
adjudication review. In his speech for the second reading of the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill 2004 (No 54 of 2004), the
Minister of State for National Development made the following observations
about the adjudication process (the second reading speech at col 1117):

Adjudication does not require the consent of both parties to proceed. The
entire process will be completed within three weeks after application unless
the parties agree to a longer period. The adjudicator will determine the
amount to be paid by the respondent to the claimant, the pay-by date and the
adjudication fees payable by both parties. The adjudicator’s decision on the
particular progress payment in dispute is binding. The respondent could apply
for the decision to be reviewed only if the adjudicated sum differs by more
than $100,000 from the amount that he is willing to pay in his response to the
claimant.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

To my mind, the Minister of State’s express recognition that the response
amount for the purposes of an adjudication review application is the amount
that the respondent is willing to pay in his response to the claimant confirms
that the “relevant response amount” under reg 10(3) of the SOPR must be a
positive figure or a nil figure when he is not willing to pay anything.

58 In contrast, I find the arguments advanced by CGW in support of the
“relevant response amount” being “(S$735,378.93)” to be unconvincing. First,
CGW’s main contention that the “relevant response amount” must be the exact
amount stated in the original payment response in question is question-
begging. CGW argued that the “relevant response amount” that the SMC ought to
have considered when deciding on the number of review adjudicators to appoint
should have been the response amount referred to in PR 16, ie,
“(S$735,378.93)”. In my view, although the definition of “response amount”
under s 2 of the SOPA does indeed make an express reference to “the amount
that a respondent proposes to pay to a claimant in a payment response”
[emphasis added], it ultimately begs the question of whether a “relevant
response amount” is indeed intended to be capable of carrying a negative
value. While CGW’s argument might demonstrate that the response amount should
be consistent throughout the entire adjudication process, it leaves us none
the wiser regarding what exactly the response amount in the original payment
response ought to be in the first place.

59 I also do not accept CGW’s second contention, which is that the
adjudication process clearly contemplates the prospect of the “relevant
response amount” being a negative figure because the provisions pertaining to
payment responses and adjudication responses under the SOPA and the SOPR (ie,
ss 11(3)(c) and 15(3)(a) of the SOPA and reg 6(1)(d) of the SOPR) expressly
recognise the possibility of sums being withheld by respondents. In my view,
this argument is a non sequitur. To illustrate the fallacy underlying this
argument, I first set out the provisions referred to by CGW. Sections 11(3)(c)
and 15(3)(a) of the SOPA read as follows:

Payment responses, etc.

11.— …

(3) A payment response provided in relation to a construction

contract —

…

(c) shall state, where the response amount is less than the claimed amount,
the reason for the difference and the reason for any amount withheld; …

Adjudication responses

15.— …

(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant; …

[emphasis added]

Regulation 6(1)(d) of the SOPR reads as follows:

Payment responses in relation to construction contracts

6.—(1) Every payment response provided in relation to a construction contract
shall —

…

(d) where the response amount is less than the claimed amount—

(i) contain the amount that the respondent proposes to pay for each item
constituting the claimed amount, the reasons for the difference in any of the
items and the calculations which show how the amount that the respondent
proposes to pay is derived; and

(ii) contain any amount that is being withheld, the reason for doing so and
the calculations which show how the amount being withheld is derived.

[emphasis added]

It is true that all three provisions highlighted above suggest that the SOPA
and the SOPR clearly contemplate that there will be amounts withheld in a
payment response that are independent of the items in the payment claim, and
which may take the form of cross-claims, counterclaims or set-offs. However,
in my view, just because these provisions state that a payment response may be
accompanied by the reasons for any withheld amount, it does not ipso facto
follow that the response amount can carry a negative value. In particular,
both s 11(3)(c) of the SOPA and reg 6(1)(d) of the SOPR merely provide for the
content of the payment response in the specific event “where the response
amount is less than the claimed amount”. Nothing is said about whether the
response amount can indeed take on a negative value. Therefore, in asserting
that these provisions show that the adjudication process contemplates that the
response amount can carry negative values, CGW is overstating their effect.

60 Finally, I also reject CGW’s third contention. CGW argued that it is an
accepted practice for the response amount in the payment response to be
reflected as a negative value, as evinced by the following cases:

(a) In Foges ([24] supra at [4]), the payment response amount was negative
S$91,371.23;

(b) In W Y Steel Construction Pte Ltd v Tycoon Construction Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) [2016] SGHC 80 (at [3]), the payment response amount was negative
S$666,382.89;

(c) In Quanta Industries Pte Ltd v Strategic Construction Pte Ltd [2015] 2 SLR
70 (at [3]), the payment response amount was negative S$155,891.63;

(d) In Tienrui Design & Construction Pte Ltd v G & Y Trading and Manufacturing
Pte Ltd [2015] 5 SLR 852 (at [8]), the payment response amount was negative
S$186,774.96;

(e) In JRP & Associates Pte Ltd v Kindly Construction & Services Pte Ltd
[2015] 3 SLR 575 (at [5]), the payment response amount was negative
S$220,009.37; and

(f) In Newcon Builders Pte Ltd v Sino New Steel Pte Ltd [2015] SGHC 226 (at
[81]), the payment response amount was negative S$149,587.18.

To my mind, the cited cases are by no means indicative of whether the response
amount can carry a negative value. None of the cases cited by CGW turned on
whether the payment response amounts could take on negative values, and
therefore no arguments were canvassed on this point. Accordingly, I do not
think that any weight ought to be placed on the mere fact that the courts in
those cases did not question whether the response amounts stated in the
payment responses should not have shown negative values. In my judgment, the
negative amounts that all the respondents had posted in the cases cited by
CGW, just like CMC Ravenna had done in this case, were merely meant to provide
the reason for the respective respondents’ refusal to pay the whole of the
amounts claimed by the respective claimants. At the end of the day, the
respondents in those cases, including CMC Ravenna in this case, proposed to
pay the claimants nothing. Hence, the response amount posted should be
regarded as “Nil”.

61 Therefore, I take the view that the SMC was correct to consider the
“relevant response amount” to be “Nil” in this case. As the adjudicated amount
of S$340,515.61 (plus GST) exceeds the effectively “Nil” relevant response
amount by more than S$100,000 but less than S$1m, I thus find that the SMC had
rightfully appointed a single review adjudicator to hear and determine the
Review Application under reg 10(3) of the SOPR. Accordingly, CGW’s Setting
Aside Application fails on this ground.

The Misdirection Issue

62 CGW’s second ground of contention for setting aside the Review
Determination is that even if the Review Adjudicator had jurisdiction to hear
and determine the Review Application, he had misdirected himself on a point of
law. Again, I reject CGW’s submissions and find that the Review Determination
should not be set aside on this ground. In my judgment, courts should be
precluded from evaluating whether a review adjudicator had misdirected himself
on a point of law, especially one that relates to the manner of his
substantive determination of the quantum of the adjudicated amount. This is
because reviewing an adjudication review determination for a misdirection on a
point of law or fact (as the case may be) that affects the quantification or
assessment of the adjudicated amount would amount to an impermissible
intrusion of the court into a review of the merits of the review adjudicator’s
decision.

63 CGW submitted that an adjudication review determination may be set aside if
the review adjudicator had misdirected himself on a point of law by taking
into account irrelevant considerations and not taking into consideration
relevant matters. In support of this contention, CGW relied heavily on the
recent High Court decision of Ang Cheng Guan ([19] supra) (at [35]–[46]). 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, paras 122–127.

On the facts, CGW argued that the Review Adjudicator had misdirected himself
on a point of law in respect of the Liquidated Damages Claim. According to
CGW, the Review Adjudicator, in deciding that there was a clear contractual
completion date on 24 December 2015 for the purposes of the Liquidated Damages
Claim, had mistakenly failed to consider: (a) the context in which the word
“months” was used in the Addendum; (b) the nature of CGW’s subcontract works;
and (c) the context in which the Addendum was signed. Accordingly, the Review
Adjudicator had supposedly made a mistake in contractual interpretation, which
is a mistake in law: Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd v LW Infrastructure Pte
Ltd [2011] 4 SLR 455 at [49]–[50]. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Written Submissions, paras 112–121, 128–162.

In response, CMC Ravenna simply submitted that the Review Determination may
not be set aside just because the Review Adjudicator had misdirected himself
on a point of law, given that doing so would involve reviewing the merits of
the Review Determination. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Applicant’s Written Submissions, paras 41–53.

64 I find myself in agreement with CMC Ravenna’s submissions. In my view, it
should not be open to this court to set aside the Review Determination on the
basis that the Review Adjudicator had misdirected himself on the point of law
as set out by CGW. By evaluating whether the Review Adjudicator had failed to
take into account relevant matters or had taken into account irrelevant
matters in respect of the Liquidated Damages Claim, which thereby affected his
determination of the quantum of the adjudicated sum, this court would
effectively be reviewing the merits of the Review Adjudicator’s decision. It
cannot be gainsaid that this is clearly prohibited (see [21]–[22] and [37(a)]
above).

65 I also do not think that the Ang Cheng Guan ([19] supra) decision cited by
CGW is persuasive authority for conducting an evaluation of whether the Review
Adjudicator in this case had misdirected himself on a point of law. In Ang
Cheng Guan, the respondent had engaged the claimant to carry out works. In the
adjudication brought by the claimant, the adjudicator was to determine, inter
alia, whether the claimant was entitled to an extension of time, whether
liquidated damages were wrongfully imposed, and whether amounts were payable
to the claimant for work done and prolongation claims. The adjudicator found
in favour of the claimant. The respondent thus applied for an adjudication
review, seeking a review of two of the adjudicator’s determinations. Two
issues were framed (“Respondent’s Issues”). However, at the adjudication
review, the claimant was also dissatisfied with the adjudicator’s
determinations, and submitted three issues for the review adjudicator’s
determination (“Claimant’s Issues”). The review adjudicator took the view that
his jurisdiction was limited to determining only the Respondent’s Issues, and
hence did not consider the Claimant’s Issues that were not inextricably linked
to the Respondent’s Issues.

66 When the claimant applied to set aside the adjudication review, Lee Seiu
Kin J held that the review adjudicator ought to have reviewed the entire
adjudication determination, and not only the Respondent’s Issues. In Lee J’s
view, the review adjudicator, in considering only the Respondent’s Issues, had
misdirected himself in a point of law and had as a result failed to take into
consideration a very relevant matter, ie, the Claimant’s Issues (at [38] and
[44]). Accordingly, Lee J set aside the adjudication review determination on
this basis.

67 In arriving at his conclusion that a court could set aside an adjudication
review determination on the basis of a wrong direction as to law, Lee J first
cited with approval the Wednesbury case ([28] supra at [39]), and proceeded to
rely on various other UK and Singapore cases expounding on the principles of
the illegality head of review under administrative law (at [40]–[43]). With
respect, I disagree with the approach taken in Ang Cheng Guan ([19] supra).
None of these cases were decided pursuant to the setting aside provisions
under the SOPA or its statutory equivalent in the UK. Accordingly, they
clearly fail to account for the unique policy reasons underpinning the SOPA
regime that justify the highly circumscribed scope of review currently
permitted in setting-aside applications under the SOPA (see [21]–[22] above).

68 Lee J also referred to the New South Wales Supreme Court cases of Musico
and Others v Davenport and Another [2003] NSWSC 977 (“Musico”) and Multiplex
Constructions Pty Ltd v Luikens and Another [2003] NSWSC 1140 (“Multiplex”) in
order to reinforce his conclusion in Ang Cheng Guan ([19] supra) that a court
may consider whether a review adjudicator had misdirected himself on a point
of law in an application for the setting aside of adjudication review
determinations. Specifically, both decisions purported to stand for the
proposition that a court may set aside a decision of an administrative
tribunal if the administrative tribunal has fallen into an error of law by,
inter alia, failing to take into account something that ought to have been
considered or basing its decision on something that it ought not to have taken
into account (Ang Cheng Guan at [45]–[46]).

69 However, I am of the view that these two cases are also of limited utility
for two reasons. First, they were decided before the New South Wales Court of
Appeal decision of Brodyn ([27] supra) was decided. Brodyn went on to overturn
the positions in Musico ([68] supra) and Multiplex ([68] supra) by introducing
the essential conditions approach (at [52]–[55] and [59]). Although, as I have
earlier noted (see [30] above), the court in Chase Oyster ([30] supra)
subsequently rejected the essential conditions approach laid down in Brodyn,
this was on the specific ground that Brodyn purported to, for the purposes of
the NSW SOPA, entirely replace the dichotomy between jurisdictional and non-
jurisdictional errors with the essential conditions approach: see Chase Oyster
at [27]–[32] per Spigelman CJ. It was for this reason that Spigelman CJ
rejected the essential conditions approach, and instead went on to define the
test for determining what would constitute a jurisdictional error in the terms
as set out in the legislative purpose test: see Chase Oyster at [37]–[38].

70 Second, it is crucial to note that in laying out the legislative purpose
test in Chase Oyster ([30] supra), Spigelman CJ clearly refrained from
importing wholesale all conceivable forms of errors of law that a court
supervising an administrative tribunal would traditionally consider, which had
been the approach adopted in both Musico ([68] supra) and Multiplex ([68]
supra). In Musico, McDougall J affirmed (at [50] and [52]) the holding of the
High Court of Australia in Craig v The State of South Australia (1995) 184 CLR
163 (at 179) that a court may set aside the decision of an administrative
tribunal where it “falls into an error of law which causes it to identify a
wrong issue, to ask itself a wrong question, to ignore relevant material, to
rely on irrelevant material or, at least in some circumstances to make an
erroneous finding or to reach a mistaken conclusion”. In Multiplex, Palmer J
cited with affirmation (at [34]) the holding of the House of Lords in
Anisminic Ltd v Foreign Compensation Commission [1969] 2 AC 14 (at 171) that a
tribunal’s decision would be a nullity if, inter alia, it “refused to take
into account something which it was required to take into account … [or] based
its decision on some matter which, under the provisions setting it up, it had
no right to take into account”. Conversely, Spigelman CJ in Chase Oyster
consciously set out a test that ensured a scrupulous fidelity to the language
and purpose of the NSW SOPA. The legislative purpose test laid down in Chase
Oyster has since become a permanent fixture in our local SOPA jurisprudence
when it was accepted by the Court of Appeal in Chua Say Eng ([21] supra) at
[67]. It thus stands to reason that the positions adopted by the courts in
Musico and Multiplex have little jurisprudential value, if at all.

71 Ultimately, mere errors of law or fact that relate to the determination of
the quantum of the adjudicated sum should not be considered errors that permit
a setting aside by the court of the adjudication review determination under
the SOPA as it would amount to a review of the merits of the adjudication
review determination by the backdoor. Accordingly, I am of the view that
courts may not consider whether a review adjudicator has misdirected himself
on a point of law, especially one that affects the review adjudicator’s
substantive determination of the quantum of the adjudicated sum. I thus find
against CGW on the Misdirection Issue.

Conclusion

72 For all of the reasons stated above, I dismiss the Setting Aside
Application. In the result, I decline to set aside both the Review
Determination and the Order of Court obtained by CMC Ravenna.

73 I shall hear the parties on costs within two weeks if parties are not able
to agree on costs.

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Lee Peng Khoon Edwin and Fong Lee Cheng Jennifer (Eldan Law LLP) for the
applicant;  
Chan Kah Keen Melvin and Yvonne Mak Hui-Lin (TSMP Law Corporation) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

