Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 229

Suit No 908 of 2015

Between

POLLMANN, CHRISTIAN JOACHIM  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

YE XIANRONG  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Tort] — [Negligence] — [Contributory negligence]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Pollmann, Christian Joachim

  

v

  

Ye Xianrong

[2017] SGHC 229

High Court — Suit No 908 of 2015  
Vinodh Coomaraswamy J  
4, 8–10 November 2016; 26 January; 28 February 2017

2 October 2017

Vinodh Coomaraswamy J:

1 In November 2014, 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 5.

the plaintiff was cycling along the leftmost lane of Brickland Road in Jurong
when the defendant’s car collided into the rear of his bicycle. The plaintiff
was thrown from his bicycle and fell to the road. He suffered a number of
serious injuries. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Statement of Claim (3 September 2015) at para 4.

2 The defendant accepts that he was negligent in colliding into the
plaintiff’s bicycle. He contests this action only the extent of his
contribution to the plaintiff’s injuries. He argues that the plaintiff was
himself partly to blame for the collision and that the plaintiff’s damages
ought to be reduced accordingly. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017), p 2 (lines 15–21).

3 The principal question that I have to decide, therefore, is a factual one:
did the plaintiff contribute to his injuries by his own acts or omissions?
Having considered the evidence and the submissions of the parties, I have held
that the plaintiff did not contribute to his own injuries and that the
defendant is 100% liable for the plaintiff’s injuries.

4 The defendant has appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Background

5 The collision took place on Brickland Road in Jurong, near a junction
regulated by four-way traffic lights. This is a map of the junction: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Grant Johnston’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at page 24.

![C:\\Users\\NJVSC\\AppData\\Local\\Microsoft\\Windows\\Temporary Internet
Files\\Content.Word\\Screenshot_20170915-083257.png](data:image/Png;base64,
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)

6 As can be seen from the map, Bukit Batok Road runs from the southwest to the
northeast through the junction. Running from the southeast to the northwest
through the junction is a single road which is known as Bukit Batok West
Avenue 5 southeast of the junction and as Brickland Road northwest of the
junction. It is important to note that Brickland Road leads northwest out of
the junction as a two-lane road before continuing as a three-lane road from
the point where the slip road from Bukit Batok Road onto Brickland Road joins
Brickland Road to form its third lane. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 145–146.

7 In this judgment, I shall refer to the rightmost lane of Brickland Road as
“Lane 1”. I shall use “Lane 2” to refer to what starts out immediately after
the junction as the leftmost lane of Brickland Road before the slip road from
Bukit Batok Road joins Brickland Road. From that point onwards, Lane 2 becomes
the middle lane of Brickland Road. I shall use “Lane 3” to refer to the
leftmost lane of Brickland Road from the point where the slip road from Bukit
Batok Road joins Brickland Road to form its third lane.

Events leading up to the accident

8 The accident took place shortly after 8.00 pm. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 6.

The plaintiff was cycling with his friend, Mr Christopher Sandford, northwest
along Bukit Batok West Avenue 5 towards the junction. They stopped when they
reached the junction as the traffic light was red. The plaintiff told Mr
Sandford to move left, after they had crossed the junction into Brickland
Road, from Lane 2 into Lane 3 once Lane 3 became available. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 7; Sandford
Christopher John William’s AEIC (30 September 2016) at para 7.

9 After a brief wait, the traffic light turned green. The plaintiff and Mr
Sandford cycled across the junction and into Lane 2 of Brickland Road. When
Lane 3 became available, they moved left into Lane 3. They then rode in Lane
3, with the plaintiff behind Mr Sandford. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 8; Certified
Transcript (4 November 2016) at pp 45 (lines 30–32) to 46 (lines 1–6);
Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at p 9 (lines 24–28).

10 Around the same time, the defendant was driving northeast along Bukit Batok
Road and moved left to enter the slip road in order to join Brickland Road and
drive northwest. As he drove along the slip road, he noticed the plaintiff and
Mr Sandford at the end of the slip road, filtering left from Lane 2 into Lane
3. Seeing this, the defendant stopped his car to allow the cyclists to
complete their manoeuvre. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 9.

The defendant then continued driving in the slip road until it became Lane 3
of Brickland Road.

The collision and its aftermath

11 As the defendant drove past the point where the slip road became Lane 3, he
saw the plaintiff and Mr Sandford ahead of him, cycling on the left side of
Lane 3 near the double yellow lines. According to the defendant, he
accordingly drove his car on the right side of Lane 3, near the lane divider
between Lane 3 and Lane 2 and not directly behind the plaintiff. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at paras 10–11, and 13.

12 The defendant then decided to filter right into Lane 2 of Bricklands Road.
He first checked his blind spot for traffic in Lane 2 by turning his head to
the right to look behind him over his right shoulder at Lane 2. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 14.

He then turned his head back to face the front. He now saw the plaintiff
directly in front of his car and very close to it. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 15.

The defendant applied his brakes immediately and with full force but could not
stop in time. The front left bumper of his car collided into the rear wheel of
the plaintiff’s bicycle. The plaintiff’s bicycle was shunted a short distance
before the plaintiff fell to the road. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 17.

13 The plaintiff was taken from the scene of the collision to hospital. He
spent about six months there recovering from his injuries. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 22 (lines 11–13).

Amongst his injuries are head injuries which have affected his memory of the
collision and its aftermath. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 9.

14 About an hour after the collision, two traffic police officers arrived at
the scene. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at p 51 (lines 17–18).

The senior officer, Staff Sergeant Hishamudin, took measurements and
incorporated them into a sketch plan. The junior officer, Sergeant Mundzir,
took a statement from the defendant and recorded it in his patrol log card. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at pp 52 (lines 9–10) and 66 (lines
1–4).

15 In August 2016, 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at p 31.

the traffic police charged the defendant with a criminal offence arising from
the collision. He was charged under s 338(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) with the offence of causing grievous hurt to the plaintiff by doing an
act so negligently as to endanger human life. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 25 and pp 31, 80–81.

The negligent act in the charge was the defendant’s failure to keep a proper
lookout ahead when he collided into the plaintiff. The defendant pleaded
guilty and was convicted. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 27.

He was fined $5,000 and disqualified from driving for three years. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 15.

The evidence at trial

16 The key issue in this case is precisely how the defendant’s car came to
collide with the plaintiff’s bicycle if the defendant had seen the plaintiff
and Mr Sandford cycling ahead of him and had indeed, as he testified, adjusted
the speed and direction of travel of his car to avoid a collision. To resolve
this issue, the parties adduced two types of evidence at trial: eyewitness
evidence and expert evidence.

Eyewitness evidence

17 Four witnesses – the defendant, the plaintiff, Mr Sandford and one Mr
Johari Bin Samsuri – gave oral evidence of the lead up to the collision. But
none of them witnessed the actual impact. I use the verb “witness” in the
technical sense of perceiving an event with one’s own senses – for example,
the sense of sight – such that one can give direct oral evidence of the event
within the meaning of s 62 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed).

18 The defendant’s evidence is that the collision occurred, at least in part,
because the plaintiff suddenly changed direction by swerving to the right and
into the path of his car. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 15.

However, for reasons I will come to, I do not accept that the defendant
witnessed the plaintiff swerving to the right. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 56 (lines 20–25).

19 The plaintiff could not give eyewitness evidence of the the collision
because he was struck from behind. More than that, though, his head injuries
mean that he cannot remember anything about the collision or its immediate
aftermath. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 60 (lines 23–30).

The plaintiff is adamant, however, that he is an experienced cyclist, that he
had no reason suddenly to change his direction of travel so as to put him on a
converging path with the defendant’s car, and that he did not so do. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 12 and 17.

20 Mr Sandford also could not give eyewitness evidence of the collision. He
was cycling about 30m ahead of the plaintiff at the time 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at p 15 (lines 2–9).

and facing forward. Mr Sandford realised that something was amiss only when he
heard the plaintiff shout upon impact. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at p 14 (lines 1–25).

He therefore did not witness the collision or the manner in which the
plaintiff was cycling immediately before it.

21 Mr Johari is a lorry driver who was driving his employer’s lorry along
Brickland Road in Lane 2 when the collision occurred. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Johari Bin Samsuri’s AEIC (9 March 2015) at para 5.

His evidence is independent of both the plaintiff and the defendant. From his
vantage point, he witnessed the lead up to the collision but could not witness
the moment of impact. His view at that precise moment was obstructed by the
defendant’s car. Mr Johari’s evidence was that he watched the lead up to the
collision with alarm as the defendant’s car got “closer and closer” 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Johari Bin Samsuri’s AEIC (9 March 2015) at para 5.

to the plaintiff’s bicycle in the moments before impact. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at pp 115 (lines 14–32) and 116 (lines
1–4).

Expert evidence

22 Given the limitations of the eyewitness evidence, both parties rely heavily
on expert evidence. Each party called a traffic accident reconstruction expert
who expressed an opinion on the likely cause of the collision. The plaintiff
called Mr Grant Johnston, a forensic consulting engineer practising in New
South Wales in Australia. The defendant called Mr Robert Ruller, a director of
a firm providing road traffic collision investigation and analysis in
Queensland, Australia.

23 Both experts based their opinion on the physical and electronic evidence
available. The physical evidence includes contemporaneous photographs taken by
both Mr Sandford 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Christopher Sandford’s AEIC (30 September 2016) at page 8 to 11.

and the police at the scene and the sketch plan prepared by Staff Sergeant
Hishamudin. The electronic evidence comprises location data recorded at one-
second intervals in real time by the plaintiff’s global positioning system
(“GPS”) device attached to his bicycle. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 57 (lines 31–32).

24 Mr Sandford’s photographs show the defendant’s car in Lane 3, towards the
right of the lane, near the dividing line between Lane 2 and Lane 3. The
plaintiff is shown on the road, about a metre in front of the car and on its
passenger’s side, lying flat on his back and parallel to the double yellow
lines. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 125–126.

25 The sketch plan indicates a distance of 1.7m between the front left wheel
of the defendant’s car and the kerb. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Exhibit D2; Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at p 68 (lines 10–22).

Physical inspections of the car by Mr Johnston 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 219.

and by Mr Ruller 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 284–285.

place the point of impact on the car at about 50cm from its front left side.

26 The GPS data was of substantial importance at trial (see [79]–[87] below).
The data shows that the plaintiff was cycling on the left side of Lane 3
before he moved right around the time of the impact. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 147 (lines 19–32).

The crucial question is whether the plaintiff’s movement to the right occurred
before the impact and was therefore its cause (at least in part), or after the
impact and was therefore its consequence.

Issues to be determined

27 The defendant originally pleaded in his defence that he neither caused nor
contributed to the collision. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence (16 October 2015) at para 9.

At trial, however, he conceded that he was driving negligently by failing to
keep a safe distance from the plaintiff 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 110 (lines 3–6).

and by failing to spot the plaintiff in time to avoid the collision. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 109 (lines 14–16).

In addition, counsel for the defendant, Ms Fan, clarified in her closing
submissions that the defendant does not disclaim all liability for the
plaintiff’s injuries, but is arguing only that the plaintiff was
contributorily negligent. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 2 (lines 15–21).

28 In this regard, there was a preliminary issue with respect to the
evidentiary weight that I ought to accord to the defendant’s conviction (see
[13] above). 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (9 January 2017) at para 2.2; Defendant’s
Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at section Q.

Section 45A(1) of the Evidence Act provides that a person’s conviction is
admissible at trial to the extent that it is relevant to an issue in the
action. The defendant was convicted of endangering human life by negligently
failing to keep a proper lookout for the plaintiff. There is a clear factual
and legal overlap between the charge in the criminal case and the cause of
action in this suit. The defendant’s conviction is therefore relevant to the
issue of his negligence in this action. But since the defendant now concedes
that the collision was caused by his negligence, at least in part, it is not
necessary for me to analyse further the probative value of his conviction. I
thus make no further remark on this except to observe that the defendant’s
conviction does not bar him from raising the defence of contributory
negligence: see Kim Anseok and another (personal representatives of the estate
of Kim Miseon, deceased) v Shi Sool Hee [2010] SGHC 124 at [28]–[31].

29 Accordingly, there are only two issues which I have to determine: (i)
whether the plaintiff contributed to his injuries by his own acts or
omissions; and (ii) if so, the degree to which the damages payable by the
defendant to the plaintiff should be reduced.

Contributory negligence

30 The doctrine of contributory negligence is discussed comprehensively in
Asnah bte Ab Rahman v Li Jianlin [2016] 2 SLR 944 (“Asnah”). Put simply, a
victim of a negligent act is said to have contributed to his own injuries “if
he ought to have objectively foreseen that his failure to act prudently could
result in hurting himself and failed to take reasonable care to guard against
that foreseeable harm”: see Asnah at [18].

31 At common law, the doctrine of contributory negligence operated as a total
defence. By virtue of s 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence and Personal
Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed), it now operates only as a partial defence.
Section 3(1) empowers a court to allow a claim by a contributorily negligent
plaintiff while reducing his damages to such extent as the court thinks just
and equitable having regard to his share of the responsibility for his own
injury.

32 A defendant who raises the defence of contributory negligence bears the
burden of proving it (see Asnah at [113]) and bears that burden on the balance
of probabilities (see Hicks v British Transport Commission [1958] 1 WLR 493 at
503). It is therefore common ground that the defendant here has to establish
that the plaintiff failed to take reasonable care to guard himself against
foreseeable harm in the manner in which he rode his bicycle leading up to the
collision.

Parties’ cases

33 Ms Fan advances two alternative cases for the defendant. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 7 (lines 1–20).

Her primary case is that the plaintiff contributed to the collision because he
suddenly swerved to the right and into the defendant’s path in the split
second before impact. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 21(b).

In the alternative, Ms Fan contends that the plaintiff failed to keep to the
left of Lane 3, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 21(c).

thereby obstructing the defendant’s path and riding in a manner which
contravened r 8 of the Road Traffic (Bicycles) Rules (Cap 276, R 3, 1990 Rev
Ed). The difference between these two cases is that the primary case posits a
sudden change in direction by the plaintiff while the alternative case does
not.

34 The plaintiff advances only a single case: he was at all times cycling on
the left side of Lane 3 and did not swerve to the right at any time. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (9 January 2017) at paras 5.3 and 5.9.

Counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Sandhu, rejects the allegation that the
plaintiff suddenly swerved to the right as either an afterthought or mere
speculation. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 11.11.

The sole cause of the collision, she submits, was the defendant’s negligence
in driving too closely and in failing to keep a safe distance. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (9 January 2017) at paras 4.1.2 to 4.1.4.

Plaintiff’s alleged swerve to the right

35 I begin by analysing Ms Fan’s primary case: that the collision was caused
in part by the plaintiff suddenly swerving to the right in the split second
before impact. The first point which the plaintiff makes on the defendant’s
primary case, and which I accept, is that the defendant himself conceded in
cross-examination that, even on the assumption that the plaintiff did swerve
suddenly to the right, the defendant was in any event negligent in driving so
close to the plaintiff’s bicycle that he could not avoid colliding with him.
That admission by the defendant cuts the factual foundation out of Ms Fan’s
primary case and suffices, in itself, to reject it.

36 Be that as it may, Ms Fan raises three arguments in support of her primary
case. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 51 (lines 4–10).

First, she submits that defendant’s evidence is eyewitness evidence that the
plaintiff swerved to the right. Second, she argues that his evidence is
reliable because it is not contradicted by the independent evidence. Third,
she contends that the GPS data shows that the plaintiff moved to the right
before the collision and not after.

37 I cannot accept Ms Fan’s primary case. On the totality of the evidence, I
find that the defendant did not in fact witness the plaintiff swerve suddenly
to the right. Further, the defendant’s evidence does not suffice to draw an
inference on the balance of probabilities that the plaintiff did swerve
suddenly to the right. Finally, the defendant’s primary case is not supported
by the independent evidence. In particular, and for the reasons set out below,
it is contradicted by the GPS data.

38 I now address Ms Fan’s three arguments in turn.

The defendant's evidence

The defendant did not testify that he saw the plaintiff swerve

39 Ms Fan submits 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s Reply Submissions (26 January 2017) at para 61; Certified
Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 128 (lines 8-–10).

that the defendant’s evidence is eyewitness evidence that the plaintiff did
indeed swerve suddenly to the right, into the defendant’s path, in the split
second before impact. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 51 (lines 4–10).

I do not accept this submission.

40 The first step in assessing the defendant’s evidence is to understand what
precisely that evidence is. The defendant’s positive case on this issue of
fact is set out in his affidavit of evidence in chief. I pick up the
defendant’s story after he has seen the plaintiff and Mr Sandford filtering
left from Lane 2 into Lane 3 of Brickland Road:

13\. At this juncture, my Vehicle was not directly behind the Plaintiff’s
bicycle. The Plaintiff’s bicycle was in front of my Vehicle but on the left
side of [Lane 3] while my Vehicle was on the right side. The plaintiff’s
bicycle was not within the travel path of my Vehicle.

14\. Thereafter, I decided to filter to [Lane 2]. In order to do so, I turned
my head to check the blind spot on my right.

15\. When I turned back to the front shortly after checking the blind spot,
the plaintiff had suddenly swerved out to his right from the double yellow
lines towards the center (sic) of [Lane 3] and had encroached directly into my
travel path.

41 The words used – “had suddenly swerved” – suggests that the defendant did
not actually witness the plaintiff swerve to the right. It suggests instead
that the plaintiff “had…swerved…to his right” while the defendant’s vision and
attention were directed to checking his blind spot. That in turn suggests that
the defendant is, in this formulation, not reporting what he witnessed but is
instead reporting a conclusion as to what he believes must have happened while
he was looking elsewhere.

42 Although the defendant’s oral evidence in cross-examination 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Plaintiff’s table tendered during oral submissions (26 January 2017) at pp
2–3.

was muddled, it does support my understanding of his evidence of the
plaintiff’s sudden swerve to the right being a conclusion rather than a fact
which the defendant witnessed. The defendant accepted in cross-examination
that he did not witness the plaintiff swerving to the right and into the
defendant’s path. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 41 (lines 28–30).

Instead, what he witnessed was that the plaintiff was “very near” 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 42 (lines 4–8).

his car when the defendant looked forward again after having checked his blind
spot: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 41 (lines 28–30).

A: (Through Interpreter) At that time, I did not see him swerve from left to
right but maybe it was zero point zero something seconds. I saw him – I saw
him near to my car when I turned over to check my blind spot.

Court: When you turned back after checking your blind spot?

A: Yah.

43 This is consistent with another question and answer in the defendant’s
cross-examination. In his answer, the defendant first implies that the
plaintiff swerved to the right as a process, part of which he did witness; but
immediately follows that by referring only to the fact that the plaintiff was
in front of the defendant’s car in the split second before impact: 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 56 (lines 19–21).

Q: My question to you is, did you see the plaintiff swerving out?

A: (Through Interpreter) Like I said earlier, I didn’t see the entire process,
it was when they was about to reach.

44 The defendant confirmed this in his re-examination: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 129 (lines 8–21).

Q: Okay, I want to know that, apart from the reason that you had seen the last
part of the swerving, any other reasons that you said the plaintiff had
swerved right? Why did you say the plaintiff had served [sic] right?

…

A: At first, he was nearer to the kerb and my car was nearer to the right.
That’s it.

Q: And then what happened?

A: (Through Interpreter) At first, when I was following behind, he was on the
left-hand side nearer to the kerb while I was on the right-hand side about to
change lanes. Then subsequently, the accident happened. That’s it.

[emphasis added]

45 I therefore do not accept that the defendant witnessed the plaintiff
swerving to the right immediately before impact.

The “sudden swerve” is an afterthought

46 This finding is consistent with the defendant’s earliest account of what he
witnessed in the moments before the collision. That account is found in the
statement which Sergeant Mundzir took from the defendant at the scene and
recorded in his patrol log card. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Exhibit P3F2.

There is no mention whatsoever in this statement that the plaintiff had
swerved to the right immediately before the impact. If that is in fact what
happened, there are only two possible explanations for this omission from the
defendant’s recorded statement. Either: (i) the defendant did not tell
Sergeant Mundzir that the plaintiff had swerved to the right; or (ii) the
defendant did tell Sergeant Mundzir that the plaintiff had swerved to the
right but Sergeant Mundzir failed to record it.

47 Ms Fan submits that the second explanation is the more likely. She says
that the absence in the defendant’s recorded statement of an assertion that
the plaintiff had swerved to the right does not necessarily mean that the
defendant failed to tell Sergeant Mundzir that. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 37 (lines 8–17).

That is undoubtedly correct as a matter of logic. But there is no basis for Ms
Fan to make the further submission, which she attempts to make, that the
defendant did inform Sergeant Mundzir that the plaintiff had swerved to the
right but Sergeant Mundzir failed to record that part of the defendant’s
statement. The defendant himself does not go that far in his evidence. His
evidence is simply that he cannot remember whether he told the sergeant that
the plaintiff had swerved to the right. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at pp 37 (lines 31–32) and 38 (line 1).

Ms Fan’s explanation for the omission has no evidential basis.

48 Leaving that aside, Ms Fan also speculates that Sergeant Mundzir’s
inexperience as a police officer might have led him to fail to record the
defendant’s statement that the plaintiff swerved to the right. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 241.

But it does not require a great deal of experience for a trained police
officer to recognise as critical an assertion by one party involved in a
collision that the other party had changed direction suddenly in the moments
before the collision.

49 I therefore reject Ms Fan’s suggestion that Sergeant Mundzir could have
omitted to record a detail as critical as this if the defendant had in fact
mentioned it to him. In the circumstances, I find that the defendant did not
tell Sergeant Mundzir that the plaintiff had swerved to the right and into the
defendant’s path. This finding is supported by Mr Sandford’s evidence that he
did not hear the defendant say that the plaintiff had swerved suddenly to the
right while the defendant was still at the scene of the collision. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

Christopher Sandford’s AEIC (30 September 2016) at para 10.

50 Given this finding, there are only two possible explanations for the
defendant’s failure to mention this at the earliest possible opportunity.
Either: (i) the defendant did not witness the plaintiff swerve suddenly to the
right; or (ii) the defendant did witness the plaintiff swerve suddenly to the
right but did not tell Sergeant Mundzir that.

51 The defendant suggests that it is the second explanation which is the more
likely. He says that his statement to Sergeant Mundzir may not be complete
because he was asked merely to give a rough description of the collision. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 38 (lines 9–12); Defendant’s
Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 245.

But his statement includes a number of details which are background rather
than foreground. These include the defendant making a left turn from Bukit
Batok Road and slowing down upon seeing the plaintiff. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Exhibit P3F2.

Even if it were true that the defendant was told to give only a rough
description, the patrol log card shows that the defendant supplied these
background details and that Sergeant Mundzir faithfully recorded them. It is
to my mind highly unlikely that a person in the defendant’s position, speaking
an hour or so after the collision, would carefully spell out background events
leading up to the collision but fail to mention an event critical to the cause
of the collision, especially one as dramatic as the plaintiff suddenly
swerving to the right into the defendant’s path.

52 The only explanation for the defendant’s omission in his statement to
Sergeant Mundzir, to my mind, is that the defendant did not in fact witness
the plaintiff swerve suddenly to the right. I attach great weight to this
statement and this omission for three reasons. First, the defendant gave the
statement about an hour after the collision. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Exhibit P3F2.

His recollection of the collision would still have been fresh in his mind.
Second, the defendant gave his statement before he would have had had the time
to form a mental reconstruction of the events which he had not witnessed or to
try and rationalise his acts and omissions in the split second before and at
the time of impact. Finally, the defendant gave this statement before he had
any indication that he was to be prosecuted and therefore before he had a
strong incentive to make self-serving exculpatory statements.

53 My finding that the defendant’s assertion that the plaintiff swerved to the
right is an afterthought is supported by the fact that it was only in his
police report, lodged on the following day, about 17 hours after the
collision, that the defendant said for the first time that “the cyclist
suddenly swerve[d] out to the centre of [Lane 3].” 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at p 21.

The allegation became part of his account of events thereafter. Thus, his then
solicitors repeated this allegation in their representations to the Attorney
General’s chambers dated 23 December 2015, where they said “our client saw the
victim’s bicycle suddenly swerve to the right into our client’s path for no
apparent reason”. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at p 35, para 10.

Those representations were submitted in an effort to have the charge against
the defendant under s 338(b) of the Penal Code withdrawn. This formulation –
that the defendant “saw the … bicycle swerve” – suggests that the defendant
actually witnessed the plaintiff swerve to the right and into his path. But
that is inconsistent with his failure to mention this fact to Sergeant
Mundzir. It is also inconsistent with my reading of the defendant’s evidence
in this action, both written and oral.

54 In the draft plea in mitigation which the defendant’s then counsel prepared
on 25 August 2016, it was submitted on his behalf that “When the Accused
turned his head back [after checking his blind spot], the Accused saw that the
victim’s bicycle had swerved out and was directly in his path”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at p 56, para 5.

This is now the same formulation – “had swerved” – which the defendant has
used in his affidavit of evidence in chief. As I have explained above, this
formulation says something quite different from what the defendant said in his
police report and what his solicitors said on his behalf in their
representations to the Attorney-General’s chambers.

55 The statement of facts which his counsel agreed with the prosecution on 30
August 2016, however, makes no mention at all of the plaintiff swerving to the
right, whether as a recollection or a reconstruction. It says merely: 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at p 80, para 4.

[The defendant] looked to his right to check his blind spot and, upon seeing
no vehicles to his right, began to filter into [Lane 2]. At this stage, the
[defendant] turned his head back to look in front and noticed [the plaintiff]
in front of him. The front left portion of the Car then collided with [the
plaintiff].

56 It is true that the defendant’s original plea in mitigation did assert that
the plaintiff had swerved suddenly to the right. The defendant’s evidence is
that he agreed to delete this assertion in order to save legal fees and to
avoid a custodial sentence. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 233; Certified
Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 88 (lines 11–27).

Ms Sandhu suggests that the defendant deleted this assertion because the
prosecution disbelieved the allegation. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 89 (lines 14–16).

Either or both of these may be the true explanation for the deletion. But that
has no bearing on the question before me. The fact remains that the
inconsistencies in the defendant’s evidence mean that his oral evidence is an
insufficient basis for me to find on the balance of probabilities that the
plaintiff contributed to the collision by swerving suddenly to the right and
into the defendant’s path.

57 I find that the defendant’s allegation that the plaintiff swerved suddenly
to the right is an afterthought. I accept Ms Sandhu’s submission to that
effect. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (9 January 2017) at para 5.18.4; Plaintiff’s
Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 11.11.

Primary facts do not lead to an inference that the plaintiff swerved

58 Even taking the defendant’s case at its highest, I also find that the
primary facts which the defendant says he witnessed do not lead to the
inference on the balance of probabilities that the plaintiff did in fact
suddenly swerve to the right and into the defendant’s path.

59 The only way in which the defendant could draw the conclusion that the
plaintiff had swerved suddenly to the right is by attempting to reconstruct in
his mind what must have happened in the few seconds between what the defendant
witnessed ahead of him at two points in time: (i) immediately before turning
to check his blind spot and (ii) immediately after he turned to look forward
again.

60 At the first point in time, all that the defendant witnessed was that the
plaintiff was ahead of the defendant and, he says, to his left. The
significance of the evidence is that the defendant is saying that at that
point, he and the plaintiff were on parallel or diverging paths. At the second
point in time, all that the defendant witnessed was that the plaintiff was
directly in front of the defendant’s car. The parallel or diverging path had
now become a converging path. The defendant’s explanation of how their non-
converging paths became converging paths is that the plaintiff “had…swerved…to
his right”. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at paragraph 15.

61 If these primary facts are true, I accept that they prove that one of the
parties changed his path in the seconds while the defendant’s attention was
diverted to his checking blind spot. But even then, I do not accept the
defendant’s case that that change came from the plaintiff. The defendant has
posited no reason for an experienced cyclist such as the plaintiff to have
swerved suddenly to the right. Instead, it is to my mind quite probable in the
light of Mr Johari’s evidence, to which I will come, that the defendant was
mistaken in his first observation and that the parties were from the outset on
a converging path. Alternatively, if the defendant’s initial observation was
correct, it also appears to be probable that it was the defendant who
unknowingly and inadvertently strayed to the left in those seconds.

62 In that sense, I accept the overall conclusion of Mr Johnston, who opined
as follows: 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Grant Johnston’s AEIC (11 October 2016) at page 8.

Based on my analysis of both the GPS data and the point of impact on the
vehicle I determined that the likely point of impact was within the left hand
portion of [Lane 3] at a point about 25 metres beyond the commencement of
[Lane 3] and about 4 seconds after [the plaintiff’s] bicycle passed [in front
of] the defendant’s vehicle.

The evidence appears to suggest that the [defendant’s] vehicle has slowly
continued to gain on [the plaintiff’s] bicycle for around four seconds after
being passed by [the plaintiff’s] bicycle until [the defendant] ultimately
catches up with it and impacts with the rear of the bicycle. This was noted to
be consistent with the observations of [Mr Johari] who observes the vehicle to
be gaining on the bicycle over a significant period of time seemingly without
responding.

In my opinion this was due to the driver’s suggested focus on changing lanes
at this time as a result of which he has failed to look ahead and identify the
cyclist during this four seconds of reasonably close following distance.

63 In the final analysis, therefore, the defendant has failed to discharge his
burden of proof of establishing that the plaintiff swerved suddenly to the
right, thereby contributing to the collision.

64 This is not to say that I find that the defendant has advanced a dishonest
case in positing a swerve by the plaintiff to his right as a crucial element
of his primary case. Seeing the plaintiff directly in front of his car when he
turned back after checking his blind spot would have been wholly unexpected
for the defendant. It is not difficult to see that, in order to explain the
unexpected, the defendant could have over time reconstructed a swerve by the
plaintiff right and into the defendant’s path in order to rationalise the
defendant’s own actions and omissions, even if the defendant witnessed no part
of a swerve. As Ms Sandhu points out, even if the defendant genuinely believes
that he saw the “last part” of a swerve, this does not mean that that is what
he actually saw or that the plaintiff had in fact swerved to the right. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 24 (lines 13–14).

65 I therefore do not accept Ms Fan’s reliance on the defendant’s oral
evidence as evidence that the plaintiff swerved to the right and thereby
caused the collision in part.

The independent witnesses’ evidence

66 Ms Fan further argues that the defendant’s evidence in relation to the
plaintiff’s swerve to the right is reliable because it is not contradicted by
the independent evidence. She submits that since no witness claims that the
plaintiff swerved after the collision, it must mean that the plaintiff swerved
before the collision. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 51 (lines 9–12).

67 But this argument suffers from a number of defects. First, as a matter of
logic, it cannot be said that the absence of contradictory evidence, in
itself, bolsters the credibility of the defendant’s oral evidence. Even if one
puts aside the limitations of the defendant’s evidence as canvassed above, it
does not logically follow that the defendant’s evidence that the plaintiff
must have swerved to the right into the defendant’s path before the impact is
more credible merely because other witnesses do not say otherwise.

68 Second, leaving its merits aside, this argument is weak because it does not
advance the defendant’s positive case that the plaintiff is guilty of
contributory negligence. The defendant bears the burden of proving on the
balance of probabilities that the plaintiff was contributorily negligent. The
absence of contrary evidence from the independent witnesses does not advance
the positive case which the defendant must advance and win.

69 Third, and most importantly, I find that the evidence of the only
independent witness of fact, Mr Johari, in fact undermines the defendant’s
case.

70 Mr Johari’s evidence is that he saw the defendant’s car “proceeding
straight and strangely getting closer and closer” to the plaintiff before they
collided. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Johari Bin Samsuri’s AEIC (9 March 2015) at para 5.

This suggests that the defendant was on a converging path with the plaintiff
for a period of time before the collision – estimated by Mr Johnston as four
seconds – not just in the split second immediately before impact. That is
weighty and independent evidence from Mr Johari which contradicts the
defendant’s case that the plaintiff and the defendant were on parallel or
diverging paths and would not have collided but for the plaintiff’s sudden
swerve to the right.

71 It is true that Mr Johari did not see the actual impact between the
defendant’s car and the plaintiff’s bicycle. 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions (9 January 2017) at para 5.7.

This is because his view of the impact was blocked by the defendant’s car. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 184; Certified
Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 138 (lines 21–23).

As a result, he could see only that the two were moving closer to each other
80

##### Foot Note 80

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 112 (lines 26–31).

before hearing a bang. 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 114 (lines 19–25).

Notwithstanding this, Mr Johari was consistent in his evidence that the
defendant and the plaintiff were on converging paths before the collision.
There would have been no cause for his very real sense of alarm otherwise.
Although he could not see the actual impact, he is clear in his evidence that
up to the last second before impact, he saw the plaintiff cycling straight
before the defendant’s car suddenly caught up to it. 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 140 (lines 1–2).

It is for this reason that I disbelieve the defendant when he says that he was
to the right of the plaintiff just before the defendant turned to check his
blind spot. It appears more likely to me that the left side of the defendant’s
car was in fact directly behind the plaintiff when the defendant entered Lane
3 about four seconds behind the plaintiff.

72 Moreover, this aspect of Mr Johari’s evidence was not challenged by Ms Fan.
In fact, it is evident from her questions to Mr Johari that she accepted that
the defendant’s car and the plaintiff’s bicycle were converging in the lead up
to the collision for more than just the split second immediately before
impact. 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 145 (lines 4–5).

73 To address the inconsistency between the defendant’s and Mr Johari’s
evidence, Ms Fan highlights that the experts are agreed that the point of the
actual collision was about 2.16m from the kerb at the left of Lane 3. 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 173.

They derive that figure from physical inspection of the defendant’s car and
Staff Sergeant Hishamudin’s measurements taken at the scene of the collision
(see [25] above). 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 225 and 284–285.

Relying on that, Ms Fan argues that if the plaintiff had been cycling on the
left side of Lane 3 before the collision, and if the point of impact was that
far to the right into Lane 3, that must mean that the plaintiff swerved into
the defendant’s path. But this ignores the fact that the measurements were
taken with reference to the final or resting position of the car after the
collision, not where the car was when the collision actually occurred. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at pp 59 (lines 31–32) to 60 (lines
1–3).

In other words, there remains the possibility – indeed a very high
probability, given the defendant’s evidence – that the defendant’s car
continued its direction of travel towards Lane 2, ie to the right, after
colliding with the plaintiff’s bicycle and before coming to a complete stop.

74 Mr Johnston’s evidence in this regard is that the defendant’s car was on a
slightly rightward trajectory at the point of impact. He comes to this view
after examining photographs of the car in its final resting position after the
collision. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 237.

This suggests that the defendant’s car continued moving forward and slightly
to the right after it had collided into the plaintiff’s bicycle in Lane 3.

75 Ms Fan challenges Mr Johnston’s evidence by suggesting that his conclusion
is not credible as it is based on his “subjective perception” of the distance
between the kerb and the resting position of the defendant’s car as shown in
the photographs. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Certified Transcript (10 November 2016) at p 37 (lines 19–21).

But since all measurement is by way of perception, Ms Fan’s challenge is
hollow unless it is her case – which it is not – that Mr Johnston failed to
apply a proper scientific method of measuring that trajectory. Mr Johnston
also in no way suggests that his opinion on this issue is anything more than a
reasoned approximation. While Ms Fan appears to have mistaken Mr Johnston as
suggesting that his opinion is conclusive, his evidence is that the
photographs do not give him sufficient information to determine accurately the
direction in which the defendant’s car was pointed when it came to a stop. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Certified Transcript (10 November 2016) at p 38 (lines 20–29).

76 Ms Fan points out that Mr Ruller argues that the defendant’s car stopped in
a position that was parallel to the kerb. 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 146.

But his opinion is based on the same photographs of the scene of the collision
as Mr Johnston examined. 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 299.

And neither side presented any evidence to show that the method used by its
expert in arriving at his opinion on this issue based on these photographs is
superior to the other expert’s method. Thus, taking Ms Fan’s case at its
highest, the only conclusion I can safely draw from the experts’ contradictory
positions is that the photographs provide insufficient information to
determine whether the defendant’s car came to rest at the same distance from
the kerb as it was when the impact took place.

77 In this vein, the observation of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then
was) in Khoo Bee Keong v Ang Chun Hong and Another [2005] SGHC 128 at [68] in
relation to expert evidence is apposite: if the materials used by the experts
to derive their opinions are shaky or flawed, then the experts’ evidence will
be of limited utility to the court. This is one such instance. Although Mr
Johnston cannot conclusively say that the defendant’s car was indeed on a
rightward trajectory, Mr Ruller is equally unable to say that the defendant’s
car was pointed straight ahead. Accordingly, the evidence with respect to the
resting position of the defendant’s car is at best equivocal. I cannot
therefore find that the impact took place at the same distance from the kerb
as the position at which the defendant brought his car to a stop after the
collision.

78 In the premises, I disagree with Ms Fan that the evidence from Mr Johari or
from the expert witnesses supports the defendant’s case that the plaintiff
swerved to the right.

The GPS data

79 Ms Fan’s third argument is that the GPS data shows that the plaintiff
swerved to the right before the collision. In this regard, it is common ground
that the GPS data does record that the plaintiff’s bicycle moved to the right
around the time of the collision. The dispute is whether the rightward
movement occurred before or after impact.

80 Both sides tendered expert reports on the interpretation of the GPS data.
The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Johnston, opines that the plaintiff’s bicycle moved
to the right after the collision 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 193 and 256.

and submitted two reports detailing his analysis of the evidence. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 139–209 and 210-271.

On the other hand, the defendant’s expert, Mr Ruller, 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 273–328.

opines that the plaintiff’s bicycle moved to the right before the collision.
95

##### Foot Note 95

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 307.

Mr Ruller contends that the GPS data is unreliable and that Mr Johnston’s
conclusion is unsupported by the physical evidence such as the photographs of
the scene of the collision and the measurements taken by Staff Sergeant
Hishamudin. 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at pp 305–307.

81 In this regard, six data points recorded by the GPS device proved to be
crucial. I set out the six data points here, as tabulated by Mr Johnston: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 272.

Data point| Distance| Speed| Cadence  
---|---|---|---  
4399| 7.78m| 28km/h| 70  
4400| 8.34m| 30km/h| 72  
4401| 8.65m| 31km/h| 53  
4402| 6.13m| 22km/h| 53  
4403| 4.35m| 16km/h| 53  
4404| 2.99m| 11km/h| 0  
  
Each data point records the location of the plaintiff’s bicycle at one second
intervals. From these data points, it is possible to calculate the distance
that the bicycle has travelled in that one second as well as its speed and its
bearing. The plaintiff’s GPS device also records cadence, ie how fast the
plaintiff was pedalling during that one second interval, expressed in
revolutions per minute.

82 It is not disputed that the plaintiff’s bicycle started moving to the right
at or around data point 4401. 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 147 (lines 29–31).

Mr Johnston’s conclusion is that the impact occurred before that, at or around
data point 4399 and 4400. 99

##### Foot Note 99

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 177; Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at
p 179 (lines 22–23).

He bases his conclusion mainly on the plaintiff’s speed and cadence. 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Certified Transcript (10 November 2016) at p 21 (lines 1–7).

Mr Johnston points out that, by data point 4401, the plaintiff’s cadence has
already decreased. That indicates that the plaintiff’s pedalling had slowed
measurably before this data point. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

Certified Transcript (10 November 2016) at pp 34 (lines 19–32) and 35 (lines
1–10).

Mr Johnston also points out that the plaintiff was increasing speed up to and
including data point 4401, at which point his speed dropped significantly from
31km/h at data point 4401 to 22km/h at data point 4402. 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 176.

According to Mr Johnston, the increase in speed up to and including data point
4401 is likely to have been caused by the impact with the defendant’s car. The
rapid decrease in speed after data point 4401 is the likely result of the
plaintiff losing control of the bicycle before it slid to a halt on its side.
103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 176.

83 The defendant disputes Mr Johnston’s analysis and conclusion. Relying on a
mixture of Mr Ruller’s expert evidence and her own reasoning, Ms Fan submits
that that the GPS data, properly interpreted, shows that the rightward
movement occurred pre-impact at around data point 4404. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at paras 159–209.

84 To begin with, she contests the accuracy of the GPS device, pointing out
that the location data has a margin of error of 3.65m 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 93.

and that the bearing data (which is calculated from the changes in location
data over time and which indicates the direction of travel) is inaccurate. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at paras 91–92.

But any inaccuracy in bearing is inconsequential because Mr Johnston did not
rely on the plaintiff’s bearing to arrive at his conclusion. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

Certified Transcript (9 November 2016) at p 148 (lines 10–19).

85 With respect to the accuracy of the location data, Mr Johnston tested the
GPS device by attaching it to another bicycle and riding it along the road
where the collision took place. He found that the GPS device was accurate
enough to identify which part of a lane on Brickland Road the plaintiff was
cycling on. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

Agreed Bundle of Documents at p 231.

This aspect of Mr Johnston’s evidence was not challenged by Ms Fan in cross-
examination 109

##### Foot Note 109

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 9.19.

or commented upon by Mr Ruller during his examination in chief. 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

Certified Transcript (10 November 2016) at pp 61–69.

I therefore accept that the location data recorded by the GPS device is a
sufficiently accurate basis for the findings of fact which I must make.

86 In addition to challenging the accuracy of the data recorded by the GPS
device, Ms Fan also challenges Mr Johnston’s analysis of the data. To this
end, she speculates and suggests a number of alternative scenarios. For
instance, in attempting to establish that the collision occurred at data point
4404, Ms Fan argues that the acceleration to 31km/h at data point 4401 was not
caused by the collision. Instead, she submits that this could have been a
result of the plaintiff cycling more quickly. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 158.

She submits also that there are many reasons why the plaintiff may have slowed
down from data point 4401, and suggests that the plaintiff could have been
applying the brakes. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 160.

In my view, all of the possibilities offered by Ms Fan are less likely than
the analysis suggested by Mr Johnston. Of particular significance is a
comparison of cadence and speed. The cadence data shows that the plaintiff’s
pedalling slowed by almost one-third between data point 4400 and 4401. But
during the same one-second interval, his speed increased, albeit marginally.
That is not consistent with the plaintiff’s forward motion at that point being
provided predominantly by his pedalling. As Mr Johnston points out, it is
unlikely that the point of impact was after data point 4400 because that would
involve the plaintiff pedalling and reducing speed at the same time, with no
external forces acting on the plaintiff and his bicycle. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 9.28; Certified
Transcript (10 November 2016) at p 35 (lines 1–10).

87 More importantly, as Ms Sandhu points out, many of the scenarios offered by
Ms Fan were not put to Mr Johnston during cross-examination. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 Jan 2017) at paras 9.25 and 9.27; Certified
Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 30 (lines 4–7).

For example, it was not put to Mr Johnston that if the point of impact was
between data points 4399 and 4400, then the plaintiff’s bicycle should have
travelled another 22m to 30m after the impact. 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 9.25.

It was also not put to Mr Johnston that the point of impact should have been
at data point 4404 as Ms Fan contends. Indeed, that is a surprising contention
for her to make, because even her own expert Mr Ruller does not suggest it.
116

##### Foot Note 116

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 9.27.

Accordingly, I cannot accept any of Ms Fan’s submissions on the GPS data.

88 In the premises, I find that the defendant has failed to prove that the
plaintiff swerved to the right and into the path of the defendant’s car. Not
only is there no eyewitness evidence from the defendant to support this
allegation, it is contradicted by the independent witness and contrary to the
inferences properly to be drawn from the GPS data.

Plaintiff’s alleged failure to keep to the left

89 Ms Fan’s alternative submission on contributory negligence is that the
plaintiff was, prior to the collision, riding near the middle of Lane 3 and
obstructing the defendant’s path. This alternative case posits no sudden
change of direction by the plaintiff in the split second before impact. Ms Fan
submits that riding in this manner is a contravention of r 8 of the Road
Traffic (Bicycles) Rules and amounts to contributory negligence. In my
judgement, not only is the defendant’s alternative case impermissible, it is
also not borne out by the evidence.

Defendant’s alternative and inconsistent case

90 At the outset, I make the point that this alternative case is inconsistent
with the defendant’s own evidence. In his affidavit of evidence in chief, the
defendant states that he saw the plaintiff cycling “at the left side of [Lane
3] at about the double yellow lines”. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 10.

He further states that, before he turned his head to the right to check his
blind spot, the plaintiff was “in front of [his car] but on the left side of
[Lane 3] …”. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Ye Xianrong’s AEIC (3 October 2016) at para 13.

In other words, in order for me to accept the defendant’s alternative case, Ms
Fan invites me to disbelieve the defendant’s own evidence. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

Certified Transcript (26 January 2017) at p 92 (lines 15–26).

That is a strange, if not impermissible, submission to make.

91 In evaluating this submission, I bear in mind the rules in relation to
party running two inconsistent cases in the alternative. In Ng Chee Weng v Lim
Jit Ming Bryan and another [2012] 1 SLR 457, the Court of Appeal held that
while it is permissible to run two inconsistent cases in the alternative,
doing so must not offend common sense (at [36]–[37]):

36 … [T]he alternatives cannot offend common sense… Indeed, in Brailsford v
Tobie (1888) 10 ALT 194 (“Brailsford”), it was held that an exception to the
general rule is that alternative statements of fact are not permitted if one
statement or the other must, to the knowledge of the pleader, be false.

37 … One obvious example of an inconsistency that will offend common sense is
when the pleader has actual knowledge of which alternative is true, as was the
case in Brailsford.

[emphasis added]

92 Ms Fan’s inconsistent and alternative cases do offend common sense. Where
the plaintiff was before the impact is a matter within the defendant’s own
knowledge. The defendant accepts this. He says he saw the plaintiff before
turning his head to check his blind spot and the defendant was on the left
side of Lane 3, at about the double yellow lines. The defendant therefore
cannot run a contradictory alternative case where the contradiction lies in
the plaintiff being somewhere else within Lane 3. The defendant must choose:
either (i) the plaintiff was riding at or near the double yellow lines, out of
the defendant’s way; or (ii) the plaintiff was riding near the middle of the
lane and causing an obstruction. The defendant has in fact made his choice. In
his affidavit of evidence in chief (see [90] above) and in his evidence at
trial (see [44] above), he is unequivocal that the plaintiff was cycling near
the double yellow lines on the left of Lane 3 and out of his way. That is, of
course, subject only to the sudden change of direction posited in his primary
case. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Defence (16 October 2015) at para 3.

He cannot run an alternative case which puts the plaintiff riding in the
middle of Lane 3 with no sudden change in direction.

93 That alone suffices for me to reject the defendant’s alternative case.

Whether the plaintiff kept to the left of the lane

94 Nevertheless, I go on to consider the merits of the defendant’s alternative
case. I accept the plaintiff’s evidence that that the plaintiff was riding
generally on the left side of Lane 3 in the moments before the collision. All
of the evidence supports that conclusion.

95 The principal evidential difficulty facing the defendant on his alternative
case is his own evidence on his primary case. It is not his evidence that the
plaintiff was obstructing the defendant’s path for any length of time before
the collision. On the contrary, the defendant’s evidence is that the plaintiff
was cycling on the left side of Lane 3, near the double yellow lines, until
the split second before impact (see [90] above). 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 116; Defendant’s
Reply Submissions (20 Jan 2017) at para 62.

I accept that aspect of the defendant’s evidence as credible.

96 Although there are differences between the other witnesses’ evidence on
where exactly within Lane 3 the plaintiff was cycling, none of those witnesses
gave evidence that the plaintiff was riding in a manner which obstructed the
defendant’s path. For example, the plaintiff’s evidence is that he was riding
on the left side of the lane. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

Christian Joachim Pollmann’s AEIC (4 October 2016) at para 8.

He was not asked by Ms Fan during his cross-examination to identify precisely
the part of the lane that he was cycling on before the collision. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Plaintiff’s Reply Submissions (20 January 2017) at para 9.8.

On the contrary, in her questions to the plaintiff, Ms Fan appeared to accept
that he was cycling on the left of Lane 3. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at pp 50 (lines 23–24), 51 (lines
29–32), and 52 (lines 7–9).

Further, while Mr Sandford did not witness the impact, 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at pp 14 (lines 31–32) to 15 (line 1).

it is his evidence that he and the plaintiff normally cycled towards the left
of the kerbside lane, somewhere between the double yellow lines and the middle
of the lane, so as to discourage cars from trying to overtake them too closely
on the right, and to encourage cars instead to change lanes in order to
overtake them. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Certified Transcript (8 November 2016) at pp 9 (lines 24–27), 10 (lines
13–18), and 11 (lines 1–3).

97 According to Mr Johari, the closest that the plaintiff could have been to
the centre of Lane 3 is 40% to the right of the double yellow lines, 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 137 (lines 2–4).

taking the full width of Lane 33 to be 100%. This may put the plaintiff closer
to the centre of Lane 3 than both the plaintiff’s evidence and the defendant’s
own evidence would suggest. But as Ms Fan herself points out, Mr Johari was
not directly behind the plaintiff and could only see the plaintiff at an angle
from Lane 2. 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

Defendant’s Closing Submissions (6 January 2017) at para 183.

His evidence must thus be considered in that light. Even if Mr Johari’s
evidence in this aspect is accurate, Ms Fan did not put it to Mr Johari that
the plaintiff had been riding at or near the centre of Lane 3 from the moment
he entered Brickland Road and without a change of direction. Instead, her
cross-examination of Mr Johari on this point was aimed solely at getting him
to admit that the plaintiff was riding at or near the centre of the lane
because he had swerved suddenly from the left side of Lane 3 into the
defendant’s path immediately before the collision. 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

Certified Transcript (4 November 2016) at p 165 (lines 7–12).

As mentioned above at [72], Ms Fan did not challenge Mr Johari’s evidence that
the plaintiff and the defendant were on converging paths well before the
collision. That also goes some way towards explaining why Mr Johari may have
believed that he saw the plaintiff at or close to the centre of Lane 3 in the
moments before the collision.

98 Therefore, in my view, Ms Fan has failed to prove the defendant’s
alternative case: that the plaintiff was riding in Lane 3 a manner which
obstructed the defendant’s path in breach of the Road Traffic (Bicycles)
Rules.

Conclusion

99 For all the reasons set out above, I have found that the plaintiff did not,
in the way he rode his bicycle in the seconds leading up to the fateful
collision, fail to take reasonable care to guard against foreseeable harm. I
therefore make no reduction to the damages recoverable by the plaintiff from
the defendant. It follows that the defendant is 100% liable for the
plaintiff’s loss and damage. Those damages shall be assessed separately.

Vinodh Coomaraswamy  
Judge

Viviene Sandhu and Anne-Marie John (Clifford Law LLP) for the plaintiff;  
Edwina Fan (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

