Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 320

Suit No 1268 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 110 of 2017)

Between

Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd  
---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

Ong Han Nam  
---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Stay of proceedings] — [Limited stay pending outcome of
foreign proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Borneo Ventures Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Ong Han Nam

  

[2017] SGHC 320

High Court — Suit No 1268 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 110 of 2017)  
Lai Siu Chiu SJ  
17 May 2017

15 December 2017

Lai Siu Chiu SJ:

Introduction

1 This case came up for hearing before this court by way of a Registrar’s
Appeal No 110 of 2017 (“the Appeal”). Ong Han Nam (“the Defendant”) had filed
an application in Summons No 6145 of 2016 (“the Stay Application”) for a stay
of proceedings in Suit No 1268 of 2016 (“the Suit”) commenced by Borneo
Ventures Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”), pending the final outcome of a suit that
was then ongoing in the High Court of Sabah and Sarawak at Kota Kinabalu, in
the State of Sabah, Malaysia (“the Malaysian Suit”).

2 The Stay Application was heard and granted by an Assistant Registrar (“the
AR”) on 7 April 2017. The AR ordered a limited stay of all proceedings in this
Suit against the Defendant until 31 July 2017 and awarded costs to the
Defendant. The date 31 July 2017 was chosen by the AR as the trial of the
Malaysian Suit had been fixed to take place between 19 and 22 June 2017. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 4.

3 For completeness, I note that, by way of the Defendant’s affidavit dated 29
June 2017, which was after the decision in this Appeal had been rendered, this
court was informed that the hearing of the Malaysian Suit was not concluded on
22 June 2017 and had been adjourned to 10 July 2017 at the juncture when the
last witness of the Defendant, Ms Wong Lee Ken (“Wong”), was in the witness
stand. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Ong Han Nam’s Affidavit dated 29 June 2017 (“Ong’s 3rd Affidavit”) at paras
8–12.

On 11 July 2017, this court was further updated that the Malaysian Suit had
concluded on 10 July 2017 and that the decision in that suit was likely to be
rendered in September 2017. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 2385/2017 at p 2.

4 After the AR gave his decision, the Plaintiff filed the Appeal which this
court heard and allowed. As the Defendant has appealed (after obtaining leave
of court) against this court’s decision in Civil Appeal No 140 of 2017, I now
set out the grounds for allowing the Appeal.

The facts

5 The facts set out hereinafter are extracted from:

(a) the three affidavits filed by the Defendant;

(b) an affidavit filed on the Plaintiff’s behalf by Alex Ng Soon Heng (“Ng”),
the Group Chief Financial Controller of GSH Corporation Limited (“GSH”), which
is the ultimate holding company of the Plaintiff;

(c) an affidavit filed by Goi Seng Hui (“Goi”) the Executive Chairman of GSH;

(d) two affidavits filed by Joyce Blasius (“Blasius”), an associate from the
Malaysian law firm acting for the Plaintiff in the Malaysian Suit, vide, No
bki-22NCvC-21/2-2016 (HC1), which the Plaintiff has taken out against (a)
Omega Brilliance Sdn Bhd (“OBSB”) and (b) the Defendant; and

(e) an affidavit filed by Madeline Lee May Ming, a former partner of the
Malaysian law firm called Mazlan & Associates who headed her firm’s team that
conducted the due diligence exercise on behalf of the Plaintiff for a
subscription agreement that formed the basis for the Plaintiff’s claim in the
Suit.

6 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore and is a wholly owned
subsidiary of GSH. The Defendant is a Malaysian and is the sole owner of a
British Virgin Islands incorporated company called Eagle Origin Limited
(“Eagle”), which in turn owns 22.5% of the shares in a company called The
Sutera Harbour Group Sdn Bhd (“SH Group”). Besides Eagle and the SH Group, the
Defendant also owns other companies/shares in other companies such as Sutera
Harbour Holdings Sdn Bhd (“SHHSB”).

7 Pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated 30 December 2013 (“the SA”), the
Plaintiff acquired 77.5% of the share capital in the SH Group

and thereby became its majority shareholder. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ong Han Nam’s Affidavit dated 27 December 2016 (“Ong’s 1st Affidavit”) at para
4.

This acquisition under the SA was completed on 26 March 2014. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 12.

Clause 12.15(a) of the SA states that the agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore while sub-clause (b)
thereof provides for disputes to be referred to arbitration in Singapore in
accordance with the rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 48.

8 The SH Group is the immediate parent company of a fully integrated resort,
Sutera Harbour Resort Sdn Bhd (“SH Resort”), covering approximately 384 acres
located at Kota Kinabalu, Sabah. The SH Resort consists, inter alia, of two
5-star hotels with extensive convention and banquet facilities, which the
Defendant developed from the 1990s until July 2000 when SH Resort was
completed and officially opened. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 5.

9 The SH Resort is in turn the parent company of five companies, namely, (i)
Advanced Prestige Sdn Bhd; (ii) Eastworth Source Sdn Bhd; (iii) The Little
Shop Sdn Bhd; (iv) Sutera Harbour Travel Sdn Bhd; and (v) Sutera Harbour Golf
& Country Club (“SHGCC”). The Defendant has been a director of SHGCC since 19
December 1991. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 5.

For ease of reference, the court will hereinafter adopt the Plaintiff’s
nomenclature and refer to all five companies collectively as “the Sutera
Target Group”.

10 The corporate structure of the various companies mentioned above, ex post
the completion of the SA, is best depicted in the chart below:

11 SHGCC owns and has title to a piece of 99 years leasehold state land
located at Sembulan District, Kota Kinabalu with an area approximating 95.58
hectares or 238.63 acres (“the Sembulan land”). 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 6.

In the SA, the Defendant had warranted to the Plaintiff that SHGCC owned the
Sembulan land without encumbrances.

12 The Plaintiff alleged that by a sale and purchase agreement signed on 21
March 2014 (“the S&P”) but which was apparently back-dated to 1 March 2014,
SHGCC agreed to sell to OBSB a portion of the Sembulan land measuring 1.459
acres (“the Subject land”) for RM1,000 as consideration (“the Transaction”).
10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at para 6; Certified Transcript of HC/RA 110/2017
(“NE”) at p 5; Blasius’s 1st Affidavit at para 11.2.

The S&P was signed by the Defendant on behalf of OBSB. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Joyce Blasius’s Affidavit dated 8 March 2017 (“Blasius’s 1st Affidavit”) at
para 4.3.

According to the 1st affidavit filed by Blasius, OBSB was incorporated in
Malaysia on 7 February 2013 and the Defendant became its director on 22 March
2013. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Blasius’s 1st Affidavit at Exhibit JB-1 p 4.

There was no resolution passed by SHGCC to approve the S&P or the sale of the
Subject land. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Blasius’s 1st Affidavit at para 4.5.

13 A power plant known as the co-generation facility (“the Co-Gen facility”)
is situated on the Subject land. The Co-Gen facility was developed by Profound
Heritage Sdn Bhd (“PHSB”) at a cost of RM155m between 1997 and 1999, with
financing from, inter alia, Bank Islam (L) Ltd (“the Bank”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Defence and Counterclaim (“D&CC”) at para 10(5).

PHSB was owned and controlled by the Defendant until it was wound up by an
order of court in Malaysia on or around 11 January 2012. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 6; D&CC at para 10(14).

The Co-Gen facility was operated by PHSB and supplied/supplies electricity to
the SH Resort. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 6.

14 Since 2002, tenancy agreements had been entered into between SHGCC and PHSB
on an annual basis for the rental of the Subject land. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

D&CC at para 10(11).

On 1 December 2012, the liquidators of PHSB entered into a one year tenancy
with SHGCC to rent the Subject land at RM5,558 per month. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 87–92.

15 After PHSB was wound up, the Defendant purportedly entered into
negotiations with the Bank and reached an agreement to settle the outstanding
debt owed by PHSB to the Bank. Under the settlement terms, PHSB would make
payment of approximately RM33.6m to the Bank to discharge the charge which the
Bank held over PHSB’s plant and machinery and all other securities. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

D&CC at para 10(15).

The settlement sum of RM33.6m was paid to the Bank on or about 29 March 2013.
20

##### Foot Note 20

×

D&CC at para 10(16).

16 On 12 July 2013, OBSB (represented by the Defendant) and the liquidators of
PHSB executed an asset sale agreement (“the ASA”) for the sale of PHSB’s plant
and machinery to OBSB for RM33.6m. Under cl 2.2.4 of the ASA, the Subject land
was expressly excluded from the sale but the Co-Gen facility was included.

17 Prior to completion of the SA on 26 March 2014 (see [7] above), the
Defendant issued a disclosure letter dated 18 March 2014 (which was wrongly
dated 18 March 2013) to the Plaintiff (“the Disclosure Letter”) where no
mention was made of the S&P or the Transaction. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

SOC at para 7.

The Plaintiff only found out about the S&P more than a year later, when a tax
review was conducted on SHGCC’s accounts by its auditors. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

SOC at para 9.

The relevant paragraphs from the Disclosure Letter addressed to both the
Plaintiff and TYJ Group Pte Ltd read as follows: 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Alex Ng Soon Heng’s Affidavit dated 1 February 2017 (“Ng’s 1st Affidavit”) at
para 23 and p 240–245.

3 This Disclosure letter forms an integral part of the transactions effected
by or under the [SA]. Each item disclosed (or deemed disclosed) in this
Disclosure Letter shall be deemed to be a disclosure in respect of all
warranties notwithstanding that an item disclosed may be disclosed by
reference to a particular paragraph or paragraphs, or clause or clauses in the
[SA].

[…]

6 Without limiting the generality of the disclosures referred to above, [the
Plaintiff], SHHSB, [SH Resort] and [the Defendant] also wish to make specific
disclosures against the Warranties and these are set out in the schedule
attached hereto. Each item disclosed shall, however, be deemed to be a
disclosure in respect of the Warranties and shall not be limited to the
paragraph or clause which is referred to in the schedule.

18 On 29 February 2016, SHGCC commenced the Malaysian Suit against OBSB and
the Defendant as the first and second defendants respectively. SHGCC’s claims,
inter alia, were (i) for the Defendant’s breach of the fiduciary duties that
he owed to SHGCC as its director; (ii) that the S&P is null and void and has
no legal effect; (iii) for an order that OBSB remove all its installations and
structures on the Subject land; (iv) for damages in the alternative, and (v)
double rent from OBSB for occupation of the Subject land.

19 The Defendant alleged that on 24 August 2016, the Plaintiff’s Singapore
solicitors sent a letter of demand to his Singapore solicitors making the same
claims against him as in the Malaysian Suit. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 23.

In response, the Defendant’s solicitors denied the Plaintiff’s allegations,
adding that any attempt by the Plaintiff to refer the matter to arbitration
would only result in multiplicity of actions and proceedings on substantially
the same subject matter and involving the same parties as in the Malaysian
Suit. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 24.

20 The Plaintiff commenced arbitration proceedings against the Defendant by a
notice of arbitration dated 3 October 2016, to which the Defendant filed a
response on 17 October 2016. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 25.

Ng deposed in his affidavit that to avoid paying the high costs involved in
the arbitration proceedings, the Defendant proposed to the Plaintiff that the
dispute be brought to court instead. The Plaintiff agreed, and the arbitration
proceedings were terminated by consent on 30 November 2016. On the same day,
the Plaintiff filed this Suit. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Ng’s 1st Affidavit at paras 6–7.

21 On 27 December 2016, the Defendant filed the Stay Application praying,
inter alia, for the following order:

That all proceedings in this action against the Defendant be stayed pending
the final decision of the ongoing [Malaysian Suit] initiated by [SHGCC]
against [OBSB] as the 1st Defendant and the Defendant as the 2nd Defendant.

22 In support of the Stay Application, the Defendant filed an affidavit (“the
Defendant’s 1st affidavit”) wherein he exhibited the writ and pleadings that
had been filed in the Malaysian Suit.

The Malaysian Suit

23 In the statement of claim (“the SHGCC SOC”) in the Malaysian Suit, SHGCC
alleged that the Defendant was the alter ego as well as the directing mind and
will of OBSB. The SHGCC SOC pleaded that PHSB was granted a licence (before
its liquidation on 11 January 2012) under the relevant Electricity Act 1990 to
generate electricity for sale and distribution. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 154.

24 The SHGCC SOC then referred to the tenancy agreement between SHGCC and PHSB
over the Subject land for which PHSB paid monthly rent to SHGCC. The tenancy
agreement was terminated on 30 November 2013 and was not extended or renewed.
Pursuant to ASA, PHSB sold the plant and machinery located on the Subject land
to OBSB. However the Subject land itself was expressly excluded from the sale.
29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 154–155.

25 By the S&P (which SHGCC contended was actually signed on 24 March 2014 but
backdated to 1 March 2014), the Subject land was purportedly sold by SHGCC to
OBSB for a consideration of RM1,000 even though its market value exceeded
RM250,000. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 156.

The S&P was signed by two directors of SHGCC, Foo Kia Inn (“Foo”) and
Zarazilah bin Mohd Ali, on the instructions and direction of the Defendant. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 155–156.

The Defendant himself signed the S&P on behalf of OBSB as its director
together with Wong, another director of OBSB who was concurrently the Chief
Financial Officer of SHGCC at the material time.

26 SHGCC alleged it only discovered the S&P and the Transaction in
August/September 2015 during a tax review exercise carried out by SHGCC’s tax
consultants. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 155.

On or about 25 September 2015, SHGCC returned to OBSB the sum of RM1,000 paid
for the Transaction. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 157.

27 As the SA was only completed on 26 March 2014, SHGCC alleged that the
Defendant took expedited steps to cause the sale and disposal of the Subject
land by way of the S&P/the Transaction. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 156.

28 Consequently, SHGCC alleged that the Defendant had breached the fiduciary
duties he owed to SHGCC as well as his duties as trustee of the assets of
SHGCC. It was alleged that the Defendant owed obligations as a trustee in
respect of the assets of the Plaintiff, in particular the Subject land. SHGCC
further alleged that in causing SHGCC to enter into the S&P and in permitting
OBSB to remain in possession of the Subject land, the Defendant had acted mala
fide and against the interests of SHGCC.

29 The SHGCC SOC claimed, inter alia, against the Defendant and OBSB: 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 160.

(a) a declaration that the S&P purportedly dated 1 March 2014 was null and
void and of no legal effect;

(b) a declaration that SHGCC was entitled absolutely to the Subject land;

(c) damages including aggravated and exemplary damages.

30 In his Defence and Counterclaim in the Malaysian Suit, the Defendant, inter
alia, averred that there was a common expectation or assurance shared between
SHGCC and PHSB (and with OBSB after July 2012), ever since the development of
the Co-Gen facility on the Subject land, that the Subject land was to be a
separate parcel of land from the Sembulan land, and that it would be owned and
occupied by the developer of the Co-Gen facility. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 166–167.

31 The Defendant alleged that in reasonable reliance on the common expectation
or assurance, PHSB (and since 2012, OBSB) had planned and carried out various
actions which included developing the Subject land to house, and constructing,
the Co-Gen facility at a cost of approximately RM155m (“the construction
loan”). 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 168–169.

32 The Defendant averred that in order to obtain the construction loan from
the Bank, he was required to and did give an undertaking to the Bank that he
would execute a charge over the Subject land upon subdivision of the Sembulan
land. From 1999 onwards, the Defendant averred that PHSB was able to generate
sufficient electricity to supply the SH Resort. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 169.

After PHSB was wound up on 11 January 2012, the Defendant negotiated with the
Bank to come to a settlement regarding the construction loan and to buy over
the assets of PHSB including the Co-Gen facility. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 170.

33 The Defendant claimed that prior to the execution of the SA, he had
informed Goi (who represented the incoming investors including the Plaintiff)
on multiple occasions, that the Co-Gen facility and the Subject land upon
which it was sited was not part of the deal. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 173.

This was denied by Goi in his affidavit. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Goh Seng Hui’s Affidavit dated 14 February 2017.

The Defendant also alleged that the investors’ representatives had also
conducted a due diligence exercise between October and December 2013. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 175.

34 The Defendant contended that OBSB and PHSB would suffer a detriment should
SHGCC renege upon or dishonour the common expectation or assurance relied upon
by the companies, as they would have developed the Subject land thereby
incurring the requisite expenditure, expertise, and time over the years
without the benefit of a registered leasehold ownership over the Subject land.
43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 172–173.

He averred that it was unconscionable for SHGCC to resile from or dishonour
the common expectation or assurance.

35 Thus, in the Malaysian Suit, the Defendant counterclaimed against SHGCC,
inter alia, for: 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 177.

(a) a declaration that SHGCC was estopped from denying OBSB’s proprietary
interest in the Subject land;

(b) an order that SHGCC be directed to transfer the whole interest in the
Subject land to OBSB and deliver up the issued document of title with OBSB as
the registered leaseholder of all the interest in the Subject land free from
encumbrances.

This Suit

36 The basis of the Plaintiff’s statement of claim was the SA. The Plaintiff
alleged, inter alia, that in view of the Defendant’s interests in both SHGCC
and OBSB, and the fact that the consideration of RM1,000 paid by OBSB to SHGCC
in the Transaction was significantly less than the market value of the Subject
land, the sale was transacted at a gross undervalue and the Transaction had
clearly not been contracted on an arm’s length basis. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

SOC at para 13.

Consequently, the Defendant breached some of the warranties that he had given
to the Plaintiff in the SA, including cll 11.1 and 18.2 of Schedule 2 of the
SA and cl 4 of the SA. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

SOC at para 13.

37 Clause 11.1 of Schedule 2 states: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 62.

Contracts between the Companies and Vendors

Save as disclosed in the Disclosure Letter, there are no existing contracts,
arrangements, understandings or engagements to which any of the companies in
the Sutera Target Group or [SH Group] are a party and in which SHHSB, [SH
Group] or [the Defendant] and/or any person connected to any of them is
directly or indirectly interested.

38 Clause 18.2 of Schedule 2 states: 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 70.

The relevant companies within the Sutera Target Group (as identified in
Schedule 4) (the “Relevant Land Owners”) has good marketable title to the Land
and is the beneficial and legal owner in sole possession of the Land from all
encumbrances.

39 The relevant portion of Schedule 4 states: 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at p 75.

… [SHGCC] is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the parcel of land under
99 years lease of state land situated at Sembulan, District of Kota Kinabalu,
Sabah held under Title No. 017544875 (expiring on 31 December 2091) with a
total area measuring approximately 95.58 hectares (238.63 acres).

40 By reason of the Defendant’s breach of the above and other warranties in
the SA, the Plaintiff alleged that the Defendant had also breached cl 6.1 of
the SA which reads as follows: 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 33–34.

[The SH Group], SHHSB, [SH Resort] and [the Defendant] hereby jointly and
severally represent and warrant with [the Plaintiff] in terms of the
representations and warranties more particularly set out in Clauses 6.4 and in
Schedule 2 hereto (such representations and warranties collectively referred
to as “Warranties”), which representations and warranties shall form part of
this Agreement and [SH Group], SHHSB, [SH Resort] and [the Defendant] each
further represents and warrants that the Warranties shall be fulfilled, true
and accurate at the date of this Agreement, and shall continue to be
fulfilled, true and accurate at each of the Completion of the [SH Resort]
Acquisition, Proposed Capitalisations and Proposed JVA Loan (as the case may
be) in all respects as if they had been given afresh on such date.

41 Further, under cl 8.1 of the SA, the Defendant was liable to indemnify the
Plaintiff for any losses suffered as a result of the Defendant’s breaches of
the warranties in the SA. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

SOC at para 16.

The relevant sections of cl 8.1 states: 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at pp 38–39.

[The SH Group], [SHHSB], [SH Resort] and [the Defendant] hereby jointly and
severally and irrevocably covenant to keep the [Plaintiff] fully and
effectively indemnified against all actions, claims, costs, damages,
deficiencies, demands, expenses, liabilities and losses (including all legal
costs incurred on a full indemnity basis) that may be suffered incurred or
sustained by the [Plaintiff] in consequence of or in connection with:

(a) any breach or inaccuracies of any of the Warranties;

(b) […]

(c) without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, against any
depletion of the assets of the [SH Group] and/or any entity of the Sutera
Target Group resulting from any claim or demand made against [SH Group] and/or
any entity of the Sutera Target Group in respect of any liability (including
contingent liability) for which no provision has been made in the accounts of
[SH Group] and/or any entity of the Sutera Target Group (as the case may be)
or which has not been disclosed in writing to [the Plaintiff] as at the date
of this Agreement; and/or

(d) […]

[…]

42 The Plaintiff alleged that despite the expiry of the tenancy agreement
between PHSB and SHGCC, OBSB continues to occupy the Subject land and did not
remove the structures and installations erected thereon. Despite demands made
to OBSB to enter into a fresh tenancy agreement or to vacate the Subject land,
OBSB did neither. Neither had OBSB paid the monthly rent of RM5,558 for
October and November 2013. OBSB was therefore liable to SHGCC for unpaid rent
and double rent for holding over the Subject land. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

SOC at para 22.

43 To date, the Transaction has not been completed because the Subject land
has not been subdivided and legal title remains with SHGCC. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ong’s 1st Affidavit at para 28.

44 In the present Suit, the Plaintiff claimed against the Defendant:

(a) a mandatory injunction that the Defendant restrain OBSB from completing
the Transaction and/or from enforcing the S&P

(b) a mandatory injunction that the Defendant procure OBSB to
discharge/terminate the S&P forthwith;

(c) an order that the Defendant indemnifies the Plaintiff for all losses
suffered by the Plaintiff as a result of the Defendant’s breaches of the
warranties; and

(d) further or in the alternative, damages.

The hearing before the AR

45 In granting the limited Stay Application, the AR indicated he wanted to
avoid a potential “conflicting judgment” between this Suit and the Malaysian
Suit. The AR was of the view that a limited stay of this Suit until the
Malaysian Suit was tried was advisable for case management and other reasons.

46 Before the AR, counsel for the Defendant argued that there was an overlap
of at least one issue between the Malaysian Suit and this Suit, namely,
whether SHGCC beneficially owns the Subject land. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 2.

Counsel for the Plaintiff, on the other hand, submitted that facts relating to
that issue were “historical facts” which were irrelevant to the Singapore
proceedings. She argued that SHGCC had conceded that the beneficial ownership
had been transferred to OBSB and the Defendant. The relief sought in the
Malaysian Suit was for the S&P to be declared null and void from the date of
the judgment and not void ab initio. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 2.

The mere fact of the sale of the Subject land was sufficient to constitute a
breach of the SA in this Suit because of the warranties that had been provided
by the Defendant. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at pp 2–3.

47 The AR disagreed with the Plaintiff’s interpretation. Taking a holistic
view of the statement of claim in the Malaysian Suit, the AR opined that it
was open to SHGCC to argue that the beneficial ownership of the Subject land
had never been transferred to OBSB and the Defendant. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 3.

He noted that, in any event, the Plaintiff had conceded that even if it had no
effect on liability, the Malaysian Suit would have an effect on the quantum of
damages to be awarded in this Suit. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 3.

48 The AR noted that there was no application for the bifurcation of liability
and damages in this Suit. That meant that our courts would have to determine
all relevant issues at trial and that all pre-trial processes, including
discovery and the filing of affidavits, would have to cater to the
determination of damages. He felt that it would be “problematic” if the result
of the Malaysian Suit was not first known. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 3.

49 Consequently, the AR felt that in order to (i) avoid multiplicity of
proceedings, and (ii) ensure that work done on discovery and other
preparations leading up to this Suit may not be wasted, he would and did grant
a limited stay of this Suit as the Malaysian Suit was then slightly two months
away. A wait of two months was, to him, worthwhile in order to help avoid
conflicting judgments. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Certified Transcripts of HC/SUM 6145/2016 at p 3.

The Appeal

50 In allowing the Appeal, this court made the following orders: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

NE at p 10.

(a) the AR’s order below was varied in that the stay would only be until
Friday, 30 June 2017. The Defendant was to file his defence and counterclaim
(if any) by Monday, 3 July 2017; and

(b) the Plaintiff’s claim would be bifurcated with the first stage limited to
liability.

The arguments

51 Before me, Ms Teh submitted that the differences between the Malaysian Suit
and this Suit were such that there would be no multiplicity or overlap of
proceedings, or any risk of conflicting judgments. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

NE at p 4; Plaintiff’s Rebuttal Submissions at p 4.

Consequently, even a limited or temporary stay was not warranted.

52 In this regard, Ms Teh relied on Ng’s affidavit which had set out the
differences between the two suits. Further, Ms Teh drew the court’s attention
to the following (non-exhaustive) differences between the two suits:

(a) Save for the Defendant, the parties in the two suits were different.

(b) SHGCC in the Malaysian Suit was suing the Defendant as its director for
breach of his fiduciary duties in procuring SHGCC to enter into the S&P
backdated to 1 March 2014. In this Suit, the Plaintiff was suing the Defendant
as a contracting party to the SA dated 30 December 2013.

(c) The issues in the two suits were different. The dispute on ownership of
the Subject land was central to the Malaysian Suit, whereas in this Suit, the
Plaintiff’s claim was based on the Defendant’s breaches of various warranties
under the SA.

(d) The Plaintiff’s cause of action in this Suit based on breaches of warranty
was not dependent on the findings of any disputed facts in the Malaysian Suit.
The mere existence of the S&P was clear breach of the warranty in cl 11.1 of
Schedule 2 (set out at [37] above) as it was not mentioned in the Disclosure
Letter. The Defendant was also in breach of Schedule 4 (see [39] above), and
was liable to indemnify the Plaintiff for the losses that it had suffered in
his disposal of the Subject land, pursuant to cl 8.1(a) of the SA (see [41]
above).

53 The Defendant’s 1st affidavit, on the other hand, deposed to similarities
in the two suits. He pointed out that while the Malaysian Suit focused on the
breach of directors’ duties with regards to the S&P and this Suit focused on
the breach of warranties under the SA, both causes of action ultimately
related to the same underlying matter, namely, the rightful ownership and
possession of the Subject land. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

NE at p 6; Defendant’s Submissions at p 24.

54 The Defendant argued that if the two suits proceeded concurrently, they may
result in conflicting reliefs. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

NE at p 7.

Although the reliefs sought in the two suits were not entirely the same, they
were substantially interconnected and would have had an effect on one another.
If the Malaysian court granted the declaratory relief sought by SHGCC and
ruled that the S&P is null and void and hence SHGCC is absolutely entitled to
the Subject land, the mandatory injunction sought in this Suit (see [44]
above) would become redundant. Similarly, if the mandatory injunction sought
by the Plaintiff in this Suit is granted by our courts, the Defendant’s
defence in the Malaysian Suit would also be substantially compromised.
Likewise, if the reliefs sought by him and OBSB in their counterclaim in the
Malaysian Suit are granted, the Defendant deposed that the declaratory reliefs
sought by the Plaintiff in this Suit would have been substantially affected or
rendered otiose.

The decision

55 Both sides cited a recent case from the Singapore International Commercial
Courts (“SICC”) in support of their opposite positions. In BNP Paribas Wealth
Management v Jacob Agam and another [2017] 3 SLR 27 (“Jacob Agam”), the
Singapore branch of the plaintiff bank sued the defendants in Singapore in
November 2015 for approximately €30m on two personal guarantees which the
defendants had provided for facilities totalling €61.7m under various facility
agreements extended by the plaintiff to the Agam group of companies. The
bank’s branch in France had in January 2016 brought foreclosure proceedings
against two of the Agam group of companies, namely, SCI Ruth Agam (“Ruth
Agam”) and Det Internationale Ejendoms-OG Udviklingsselskab ApS (“Det
Internationale”). The defendants responded by bringing a counter-action in the
Paris court, Tribune de Grande Instance of Paris, seeking a declaration that
the facility agreements and the personal guarantees were invalid and “non-
existent” under French law.

56 In Jacob Agam, the defendants applied for a limited or temporary stay of
the Singapore proceedings pending the disposal of the foreclosure proceedings
in France and their counter-action. The defendants’ application was dismissed.
In arriving at its decision, the SICC laid down, inter alia, the following
guidelines for a limited stay of proceedings:

(a) The grant of a limited or temporary stay of proceedings is a discretionary
exercise of the court’s management powers. This discretion is triggered when
there is a multiplicity of proceedings. In exercising these powers, the court
is entitled to consider all the circumstances of the case. The underlying
concern is the need to ensure the efficient and fair resolution of the dispute
as a whole. Also, a consideration of private international law factors such as
the principles of forum non conveniens and international comity is germane,
although the former doctrine does not strictly need to be applied due to the
temporary nature of the stay which preserves the plaintiff’s right to
prosecute his claim in Singapore (Jacob Agam at [35]–[36]).

(b) The risk of conflicting judgments is not by itself a sufficient reason for
the grant of a limited stay of proceedings and the court, in exercising its
discretion, need to consider all the circumstances of the case (Jacob Agam at
[46]).

57 Besides Jacob Agam, there are a number of local decisions that dealt with
the issue of a limited or temporary stay of proceedings. The more recent cases
include the Court of Appeal’s decisions in Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung
and others [2010] 1 SLR 1192 and Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd v Welltech
Construction Pte Ltd and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 1097 (“Virsagi
Management”), as well as the High Court decision in Ram Parshotam Mittal v
Portcullis Trustnet (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others [2014] 3 SLR 1337.

58 The relevant considerations gleaned in all the above cases were (i) the
need for proper case management, (ii) the avoidance of multiplicity of
proceedings in different jurisdictions, and (iii) whether there would be
conflicting judgments on the same issues being litigated in different
jurisdictions.

(i) The need for proper case management

59 Was there a need for proper case management here? The answer was in the
affirmative and was reflected in the orders made by this court. Whatever the
outcome of the Malaysian Suit, it would be known by the time this Suit came on
for trial before our courts. There should therefore be no wastage of time in
terms of case management, since our courts, based on the comity of nations,
would take cognisance of the Malaysian court’s findings on any issue that
would be relevant to this Suit.

(ii) Multiplicity of proceedings

60 In the light of the differences between the identities of the plaintiffs,
the causes of action, and the issues in the two suits as highlighted by the
Plaintiff (see [52] above), it seemed to this court that there would be little
danger of a multiplicity of proceedings arising. The differences in the two
suits, contrary to the assertions made in the Defendant’s 2nd affidavit, were
not “artificial and technical distinctions”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ong Han Nam’s Affidavit dated 22 February 2017 at paras 10–11.

I should point out that in Virsagi Management, the Court of Appeal in
dismissing the defendant’s appeal against the High Court’s refusal to grant a
stay held that there was insufficient similarity between the Singapore and the
Bangladesh proceedings even though the reliefs sought were similar. A
fortiori, in our case there was even less similarity in the suits given that
there were no similarities in the causes of action pleaded in the Malaysian
Suit and this Suit, and the main reliefs sought were different.

(iii) Is there a risk of conflicting judgments?

61 The next issue was whether there was a risk of conflicting judgments if the
Stay Application was not granted. In my view, the answer was in the negative.
Should SHGCC succeed in the Malaysian Suit and be granted the declaratory
reliefs that it had sought (and damages, if allowed), the Plaintiff here would
be able to rely on the Malaysian judgment as proof of the Defendant’s breach
of the various warranties in the SA. However, if SHGCC’s claim in the
Malaysian Suit was dismissed but the Defendant succeeded in his counterclaim,
the Plaintiff would not be precluded from proving its claim in this Suit by
use of other evidence. Such other evidence may include the Defendant’s failure
to make mention of the S&P in the Disclosure Letter (see [17] above).

62 If the Plaintiff succeeds in this Suit on liability, the Defendant would be
liable for damages for his breach of the warranties in the SA. Assessment
would be done at a later stage as this court had bifurcated the trial to
determine liability first. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE at p 10.

Should the Plaintiff fail in this Suit, however, it would have no effect on
the outcome of the Malaysian Suit, regardless of who succeeded there, as that
decision would have already been rendered.

63 In any event, even if there was a risk of conflicting judgments, that was,
contrary to what the AR appeared to have thought, not in itself a sufficient
reason to grant a limited stay of proceedings (see Jacob Agam at [46]).

64 Consequently, this court adopted a practical and commonsensical approach by
making the orders that it did (see [50] above).

Conclusion

65 For the foregoing reasons, this court allowed the Appeal.

66 On that premise, orders for costs below were reversed to be costs in the
cause and not in favour of the Defendant. Costs of the appeal were fixed at
S$10,000 also to be in the cause.

Lai Siu Chiu  
Senior Judge

Teh Guek Ngor Engeline, Yeo Yian Hui Mark and Huen Huimin Jessie (Engeline Teh
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Lem Jit Min Andy, Sharmini Selvaratnam and Poon Pui Yee (Eversheds Harry Elias
LLP) for the defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

