Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 157

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9253 of 2016

Between

Liew Zheng Yang  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Criminal Law] – [Statutory Offences] – [Misuse of Drugs Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liew Zheng Yang

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 157

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9253 of 2016  
Steven Chong JA  
19 May 2017

14 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Steven Chong JA:

Introduction

1 The appellant, Liew Zheng Yang (“Liew”) is appealing against his conviction
of two charges of abetting in a conspiracy to traffic controlled drugs. In her
Grounds of Decision, Public Prosecutor v Liew Zheng Yang [2017] SGDC 21 (“the
GD”) at [39], the District Judge (“the Judge”) found that the conspiracy
charges were made out because Liew had an agreement with the seller, one Xia
Fanyu (“Fanyu”), “to get the drugs and to deliver the drugs” to him and that
“[t]he agreement to deliver the drugs to Liew was therefore an agreement to
traffic the drugs to Liew.” The Prosecution accepts that the decision, taken
to its logical conclusion, means that every time a buyer orders drugs from a
seller for delivery to the buyer, that buyer, without more, would be guilty of
abetting in a conspiracy to traffic controlled drugs.

2 This decision has serious repercussions as the law has always made a
principled distinction between the culpability of drug consumers and drugs
traffickers. However, if the decision is correct, a buyer who orders drugs
from a seller for his own consumption is liable to be convicted for abetting
in a conspiracy with the seller to traffic which, significantly, carries the
same sentence as the offence of trafficking. By the same token, if the
quantity of controlled drugs is above the capital punishment threshold, the
buyer would be liable for capital punishment even if the drugs are for his own
consumption. This would effectively undermine and obfuscate the recognised
distinction between consumption and trafficking.

3 For the purposes of the appeal, Liew is not challenging any of the
statements which have been admitted in the court below or any of the factual
findings made by the Judge. His appeal raises a discrete point of law as to
whether a buyer who orders drugs from a seller for delivery to the buyer can
be guilty of abetting the seller in a conspiracy to traffic the drugs even if
the drugs were intended solely for the buyer’s own consumption.

4 The Prosecution ran its case in the court below on the premise that it is
irrelevant whether the buyer had intended to purchase the drugs for his own
consumption or for onward sales to third parties. According to the
Prosecution, the offence is constituted the moment the buyer orders drugs from
the seller for delivery to the buyer. For this reason, Liew’s testimony during
the trial that the drugs were meant only for his own consumption was not
challenged. The Prosecution maintained the same legal position in this appeal.

5 This judgment will examine whether a buyer of drugs for his own consumption
is capable, as a matter of law, of abetting his seller in a conspiracy to
traffic drugs to himself. In analysing this issue, the inquiry will focus on
the fundamental question whether Liew had the necessary mens rea to traffic
when the unchallenged evidence before the court is that the drugs were
intended solely for his own consumption.

The Decision below

The undisputed facts

6 The facts of this case were largely undisputed. They are set out in detail
in the GD at [6]–[14]. I summarise them as follows.

7 Liew was 22 years old at the time of the offences. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Liew was born 23 August 1992: ROP at p 5 (charge).

He was a good friend of Fanyu, who had supplied drugs to him in the past.
Fanyu was 20 years old at the time of the offences. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Fanyu was born 17 December 1993: ROP at p 355 (charge).

8 On 23 September 2014, Liew wanted to smoke marijuana but did not have any on
him. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Grounds of decision (“GD”) at [2].

He contacted Fanyu to purchase a brick of marijuana. Fanyu checked with his
supplier and informed Liew that his supplier had none available. Fanyu then
agreed that he would get the marijuana for Liew from other suppliers, and
deliver it to Liew the following morning. In return, Liew would pay Fanyu a
sum of $400. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

GD at [7] and [26].

9 To obtain the drugs, Fanyu travelled to Johor Bahru on the same day. He was
arrested when he returned the next morning at about 4.00am. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

GD at [10].

Fanyu was then directed by Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers to
arrange a meeting with Liew to collect the drugs at Liew’s condominium. Liew
did so, and was duly arrested when he turned up. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

GD at [13].

10 Fanyu was arrested with two blocks of marijuana in his possession. One
block was meant for Liew while the other block was for his own consumption.
The block which was intended for sale to Liew contained not less than 34.53
grams of cannabis and 68.21 grams of cannabis mixture (“the Drugs”). For each
drug, Liew faced a separate charge of abetting in a conspiracy to traffic the
drugs, under s 5(2) and s 12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the MDA”). The specific form of abetment relied on by the Prosecution is
abetment by conspiracy, under s 107(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“PC”) (collectively, “the Conspiracy Charges”). Liew claimed trial to the
Conspiracy Charges.

11 Separately, on 9 December 2014, Fanyu pleaded guilty to one charge of
importing 69.36 grams of cannabis under s 7 of the MDA and one charge of
consumption under s 8(b)(ii) of the MDA. He also consented to another charge
of importing 135.74 grams of cannabis mixture under s 7 of the MDA being taken
into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

ROP at p 307 (Statement of facts, para 11).

The importation charges related to the drugs found in the two blocks of
marijuana, which he was arrested with. Fanyu was placed on probation for these
offences. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

GD at [38].

The Judge’s findings

12 In the court below, Liew, through his previous counsel, argued that there
was no conspiracy between him and Fanyu to traffic the Drugs, making three
submissions in this regard. First, there was no common objective between the
two of them to traffic in the Drugs as this was a simple sale and purchase
agreement. Second, Liew was not in a position to take delivery of the Drugs as
he did not have the money to pay Fanyu for the Drugs. Third, the Drugs were
intended for Liew’s own consumption (GD at [16]–[18]).

13 These arguments failed to persuade the Judge. She found that there was an
agreement between Liew and Fanyu for Fanyu to obtain the Drugs from one of his
sources and deliver them to Liew (GD at [27]). On this basis, and for the
reasons elaborated below at [15]–[16], the Judge convicted Liew of both
Conspiracy Charges.

14 Upon his convictions, Liew, a first-time offender, also pleaded guilty to
one charge of consumption of a cannabinol derivative and consented to having
one charge of possession of utensils intended for consumption of a Class A
controlled drug taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The
Judge sentenced Liew to 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane for
each of the Conspiracy Charges, and 6 months’ imprisonment for the consumption
charge. The sentences for one Conspiracy Charge and one consumption charge
were ordered to run consecutively, for a global sentence of 5 years 6 months’
imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane.

The import of the Decision

15 The crux of the Judge’s Decision is found at [39]–[40] of the GD, where she
reasoned as follows:

39 There are three elements to abetment by conspiracy. These were spelt out by
the Court of Appeal in Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v Public Prosecutor. First, the
person abetting must engage with one or more persons in a conspiracy. Second,
the conspiracy must be for the doing of the thing abetted. Third, an act or an
illegal omission must take place in pursuance of the conspiracy. It has been
established that Liew had an agreement with Fanyu for Fanyu to get the drugs
and to deliver the drugs to Liew. The definition of traffic in section 2 of
the MDA includes ‘to deliver’. The agreement to deliver the drugs to Liew was
therefore an agreement to traffic the drugs to Liew. Liew had engaged with
Fanyu in a conspiracy to traffic to himself. The first and second elements of
a conspiracy under section 107(b) of the Penal Code are thus made out.

40 The third element is that an act took place in pursuance of the conspiracy.
In this regard, Fanyu imported the drugs into Singapore. This act alone is
sufficient to constitute ‘an act took place in pursuance of the conspiracy’.

16 After listing out the three legal requirements to constitute abetment by
conspiracy, the Judge relied on the definition of trafficking which includes
“to deliver”. She then concluded that the agreement to deliver the Drugs was
an agreement to traffic the Drugs to Liew.

17 With respect, this is a somewhat pedantic analysis by the Judge that does
not address the fundamental issue of whether Liew could, as a matter of law,
traffic the Drugs to himself. Taking the Judge’s analysis to its logical
conclusion, if Liew had simply ordered the Drugs for delivery, irrespective of
whether Liew knew that Fanyu had to obtain the supply from a third party, Liew
would, without more, be engaged in a conspiracy with Fanyu to traffic the
Drugs. As highlighted by Liew in para 14.4–15 of his submissions, the third
element requiring an illegal act to be carried out pursuant to the alleged
conspiracy would invariably be satisfied because once Fanyu turns up with the
Drugs, an illegal act would have taken place in pursuance of the conspiracy.

18 The result is that all buyers of drugs will almost always be liable for
abetting in a conspiracy with the seller to traffic the drugs to themselves.
This holding, if correct, would blur the legal distinction between the
offences of drug trafficking and drug consumption. This point is further
elaborated at [39]–[47] below, with reference to the evidence of Liew’s
intended use of the Drugs.

Drugs were for Liew’s own consumption

The unchallenged evidence

19 At the trial, Liew testified that the Drugs were meant for his own
consumption. His evidence in this regard is set out below: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

ROP at p 228 (NE Day 2 p 89, lines 7–15).

Sorry, can I also just say that it was because the---I did not intend to buy
because the---it was---I was actually quite desperate. I mean, I wanted to buy
in a huge amount because I was desperate as the---the source was actually very
limited. I wanted to actually use it for my own consumption because at that
point of time, during the mid-September, there was no availability during then
and I was planning to stock up and keep it at home for---for my own
consumption. That’s all, thank you.

[emphasis added]

20 Liew’s evidence in this regard was not challenged by the Prosecution. In
fact, the Prosecution appears to have accepted Liew’s evidence in the
following exchange: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

ROP at pp 235 (NE Day 2 p 96, lines 12–21).

Q So you asked him to check with---if other people had drugs which he could
get from. If you asked him to check if he could get the cannabis from others,
right?

A Yes.

Q Okay. With the intent that he would eventually get it from them so that he
could pass it to you?

A Yes.

Q And you asked him, of course, because you haven’t smoked it in a while,
you’re a bit desperate?

A Yes.

[emphasis added]

21 Furthermore the Judge herself also accepted Liew’s unchallenged evidence
that the Drugs were meant for his own consumption. The Judge was aware that
Liew used to sell drugs, but she accepted that in this instance, Liew had
bought the Drugs from Fanyu for his own consumption (GD at [1]–[2]):

1 … Over time, Liew bought increasingly larger quantities of marijuana. He
would sell part of his supply of marijuana to his close friends.

2 On 23 September 2014, Liew wanted to smoke marijuana but he did not have any
with him. Liew called Fanyu on the phone and asked him to get some for him…

[emphasis added]

22 Interestingly, the Judge allowed the Prosecution’s application to impeach
Fanyu who testified, contrary to his 6 October 2016 Statement, that there was
no arrangement with Liew for him to obtain the Drugs from a third party (GD at
[28]–[38]). In doing so, the Judge relied on Fanyu’s Statement of 27 September
2014 where Fanyu stated that Liew told him that “it is very difficult to find
weed supplies now and so if he could have [a] bigger amount for storage, it
would be more convenient” [emphasis added]. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ROP p 362 (Fanyu’s long statement dated 27 September 2014, para 3).

Fanyu’s 27 September 2014 Statement, which the Judge accepted, is consistent
with Liew’s unchallenged evidence that he was planning to “stock up” the Drugs
for his own consumption.

23 It is therefore clear from the evidence that Liew had bought the Drugs for
his own consumption.

The effect of the unchallenged evidence

24 At the oral hearing before me, the Prosecution sought to rely on evidence
which, according to the Prosecution, suggested that Liew intended to sell the
Drugs to third parties. For this purpose, the Prosecution referred me to the
following paragraph from Liew’s long statement dated 24 September 2014 (“the
Statement”): 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ROP p 336 (Liew’s long statement dated 24 September 2014, para 9).

I usually get about $50 or $100 worth of weed from 'Fanyu' on every order,
just enough for my own to smoke. $50 of weed is about 3 grams and I could make
about 6 rolls. I frequently smoke about one roll in every two days just to
make me feel relax and help me to sleep better. Gradually I bought weed in 1
brick form which was about 50 grams for $400 from 'Fanyu'. I had bought 1
brick of weed from 'Fanyu' in 3 occasions. It was only recently I ordered 2
bricks. The reason I bought weed in bigger quantity because I started selling
them to close friends. I would sell them $50 per packet for about 2.5 grams
worth of weed. From 1 brick I earn a profit of $200. I can repack to about 18
packets in 1 brick depending on the size of the brick. I do not sell all the
packets as I am a smoker myself.

25 In my view, the Statement was equivocal at best. While it indicated that
Liew had sold drugs to his close friends before, it did not state specifically
that the Drugs were also bought for this purpose. Notably, the Statement
indicated that when Liew bought drugs solely for his own consumption, he would
typically purchase only one block of marijuana costing $400. When he intended
to sell drugs to others, he would purchase two blocks of marijuana. In the
present case, it is undisputed that he only bought one block of marijuana from
Fanyu, for $400 (GD at [7] and [10]). Based on Liew’s past practice as
recorded in the Statement, it appears that the Drugs were indeed bought for
his own consumption rather than for sale. Therefore, the Statement, on its
face, does not support and, on the contrary, undermines the Prosecution’s
submission.

26 More importantly, the Prosecution did not put this point to Liew at the
trial. This engages the rule in Browne v Dunn (1893) 6 R 67. As recently
reiterated by the Court of Appeal in Harven a/l Segar v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 1 SLR 771 at [66], the effect of the rule is that:

… [w]here a submission is going to be made about a witness or the evidence
given by the witness which is of such a nature and of such importance that it
ought fairly to have been put to the witness to give him the opportunity to
meet that submission, to counter it or to explain himself, then if it has not
been so put, the party concerned will not be allowed to make that submission.

27 In my view, the Prosecution’s submission before me that Liew intended to
sell the Drugs to third parties is of such importance that it ought fairly to
have been put to him. This is especially so when Liew had given clear and
unchallenged evidence to the contrary (see [19] above). Failure or omission to
do so precludes the Prosecution from submitting that the Drugs were purchased
from Fanyu for resale to third parties.

28 I will therefore examine the merits of the legal question raised in this
appeal on the basis that the Drugs were meant only for Liew’s own consumption.

Liew’s submissions

29 Broadly speaking, Liew made the following submissions:

(a) Liew lacked the requisite mens rea to traffic the Drugs as the Drugs were
for his own consumption.

(b) In determining whether there has been an agreement to commit a crime, the
notion of a “dominant” or “primary” intention or purpose is important. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Appellant’s submissions (“AS”) at para 39.

There was no conspiracy because Liew’s dominant purpose was not to traffic in
drugs (“the dominant purpose argument”).

(c) There is an “important distinction” between an agreement that an offence
should be committed, and an agreement to commit the offence. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

AS at paras 43–52.

The latter suffices for conspiracy, the former does not. Liew only agreed that
trafficking should be committed, and did not agree to commit the offence (“the
important distinction argument”).

30 The dominant purpose argument and the important distinction argument were
raised for the first time for the purposes of the appeal. They appeared to be
supplemental to Liew’s main argument in (a) – that Liew lacked the requisite
mens rea for the offence.

The Prosecution’s submissions

31 The Prosecution’s principal submission is that the law on conspiracy was as
summarised by the Judge at [39] of the GD which is reproduced at [15] above.
In the context of drug trafficking, the law does not draw a distinction
between offenders who intended to resell the drugs, and those who intended to
consume the drugs themselves.

32 In addition, the Prosecution also highlighted the fact that it was Liew who
“made the first move”, causing Fanyu to commit an offence himself. In other
words, the transaction for the sale and purchase of the Drugs was initiated by
Liew.

My Decision

No Conspiracy to Traffic if the buyer intended to consume the drugs

Current state of the law on abetting a conspiracy to traffic to oneself

33 I begin by considering precedents in which buyers of drugs have been
charged for conspiracy to traffic the drugs to themselves. According to the
Judge, there are two decisions where such prosecutions were successful,
namely, Public Prosecutor v Mohamad Shafiq bin Ahamad [2015] SGDC 81
(“Shafiq”) and Public Prosecutor v Vejiyan a/l Muniandy and another [2016]
SGHC 76 (“Vejiyan”). The offenders in both cases appealed, and their appeals
were dismissed by the High Court (for Shafiq) and Court of Appeal (for
Vejiyan) respectively. No written grounds were issued by the appellate court
in either case.

34 The facts of both cases share some similarities with the present case. In
each case, the seller of the drugs was arrested by the police. On CNB’s
instructions, the seller assisted in arranging a meeting with the buyer, who
was subsequently arrested when he turned up as arranged. In both cases, like
the present one, the buyer was arrested before taking possession of the drugs:
see Shafiq at [136] and Vejiyan at [14]. Had the buyer come into possession of
the drugs, the quantity of drugs in both cases (not less than 91.29g of
methamphetamine in Shafiq and not less than 22.41g of diamorphine in Vejiyan)
would have triggered the presumption of trafficking under s 17 of the MDA.

35 The Judge accepted that these two cases supported the proposition that in a
buyer-seller scenario, a buyer of drugs could be guilty of abetting in a
conspiracy to traffic drugs to himself. However, both cases differed from the
present case in one very significant respect. Unlike Liew, neither buyer in
Shafiq or Vejiyan claimed to have bought the drugs solely for their own
consumption. Both buyers simply denied buying the drugs in the first place
(Shafiq at [23]–[25] and Vejiyan at [15]).

36 From the facts of Shafiq and Vejiyan, it seems clear to me that neither
buyer could plausibly have claimed that they bought the drugs for their own
consumption in any event. There was sufficient material in both cases for the
court to draw the inference that the buyers there had bought the drugs for
sale to third parties. The large quantity of drugs bought by the buyers has
already been referred to earlier (at [34] above). Additionally, in Vejiyan,
the High Court found that the buyer was “in some kind of an illegal
partnership involving drugs” (Vejiyan at [30]). While no explicit finding was
made in Shafiq, the court did observe (Shafiq at [115]) that “the presence of
a large number of empty ziplock bags were suggestive of the Accused’s
involvement in drug trafficking activities”.

37 In my view, although Vejiyan and Shafiq both concerned a buyer-seller
scenario, they nonetheless differed in a critical aspect from the present
case. To my mind, in such a scenario, the intended final destination of the
drugs is the critical inquiry. In this regard, there are at least three
relevant permutations:

(a) Where there is clear evidence that the drugs were for the buyer’s own
consumption.

(b) Where the evidence is silent as to the final destination of the drugs, in
which case the presumption of trafficking (if the buyer had received the drugs
and the quantity exceeds the threshold) would remain unrebutted.

(c) Where the court finds that the drugs were intended for onward sales.

38 The present case falls under (a), whilst Shafiq and Vejiyan fell under
either (b) or (c). I have not been referred to any case where the court has
considered the question of whether the offence of abetting in a conspiracy to
traffic would be made out in (a).

Lack of the necessary mens rea

39 In my judgment, a person who buys drugs for his own consumption would not
have the necessary mens rea to commit the offence of abetting in a conspiracy
to traffic. For such an offence to be made out, both seller and buyer must
have the common intention to traffic. In a buyer-seller scenario, the actus
reus would be satisfied – the seller is the trafficker while the buyer is the
abettor. Both seller and buyer must however share the same mens rea as well.
The mens rea here must be the intention to traffic the drugs to a third party
(“the mens rea requirement”).

40 This mens rea requirement is firmly established for the offence of drug
trafficking simpliciter. The MDA defines “trafficking” in s 2 as follows: “to
sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute”, or to offer
to do any of the above acts. As most recently restated by the Court of Appeal
in Public Prosecutor v Adnan bin Kadir [2013] 3 SLR 1052 at [34], it has been
established since the seminal Privy Council case of Ong Ah Chuan v Public
Prosecutor [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“Ong Ah Chuan”) that to “traffic” under the
MDA means not only doing any of the acts stated in s 2 of the MDA, but also
doing them “for the purpose of distribution to someone else” [emphasis added].

41 Hence, it has always been a defence for persons accused of drug trafficking
to prove that the drugs were intended for their own consumption as opposed to
distribution to third parties. This has commonly been referred to by our
courts as the “defence of consumption”: see eg, the Court of Appeal’s decision
in Muhammad bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR
427 at [29]–[30]. The recognition of the defence of consumption (which is not
explicitly provided for in the MDA) is an implicit recognition of the mens rea
requirement to traffic the drugs.

42 An example of a case where the defence of consumption was successfully
invoked is Public Prosecutor v Dahalan bin Ladaewa [1995] 2 SLR(R) 124
(“Dahalan”) (upheld on appeal to the Court of Appeal in Public Prosecutor v
Dahalan bin Ladaewa [1995] SGCA 87). In Dahalan, the accused was charged for
trafficking drugs in such quantities that attracted the mandatory death
penalty. He claimed that part of the drugs in his possession were for his own
consumption which the High Court accepted. Thus, the court reduced the
quantity of drugs stated on the charge by deducting the amount for his own
consumption, and convicted the accused on the amended charge (Dahalan at
[139]). In other words, the offence of trafficking was not made out in
relation to the quantity of drugs meant for the accused’s own consumption.

43 This distinction between the drug trafficker and the drug consumer,
preserved through the mens rea requirement, is also consistent with
parliamentary intention. This distinction may be inferred from the severe
penalties directed at drug traffickers, which could include the mandatory
death penalty when the quantity of drugs exceeds a certain threshold. As
recognised in Ong Ah Chuan at [10]:

…the evident purpose of the [MDA] is to distinguish between dealers in drugs
and the unfortunate addicts who are their victims… Supplying or distributing
addictive drugs to others is the evil against which [s 5 of the MDA] with its
draconian penalties is directed.

[emphasis added]

44 This distinction has existed since the inception of the MDA. As stated by
the then-Minister for Home Affairs and Education, Mr Chua Sian Chin observed
during the enactment of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1973 (Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report (16 February 1973) vol 32 at col 417), “A clear
distinction has been made between the drug addict and the trafficker and
pedlar” [emphasis added].

45 Both Parliament and case law have consistently treated trafficking and
consumption as mutually exclusive offences. Such distinction and its
underlying rationale applies also to charges of conspiracy to traffic. The
distinction cannot be ignored by the Prosecution’s choice of charging the
consumer of drugs with a conspiracy to traffic drugs to himself. To hold
otherwise is to punish a consumer as if he were a trafficker, simply because
he agreed with his drug dealer to procure drugs for him (see s 12 of the MDA,
which provides that an abettor of an offence shall be liable to the punishment
provided for the offence). In fact, if that were the case, the consumer would
be in a worse position than the drug trafficker: unlike the drug trafficker,
the consumer would not be able to rely on the defence of consumption. This
would turn Parliamentary intent of treating drug traffickers more severely
than drug consumers on its head.

46 Even more curiously, if the drugs were physically delivered to the buyer
for his own consumption at the time of the arrest, he would not be guilty of
trafficking since he would have successfully rebutted the presumption of
possession for the purpose of trafficking. That being the case, can the
consumer be guilty of abetting in a conspiracy to traffic when he cannot be
liable for trafficking since the presumption of trafficking would have been
rebutted? It is intuitively incongruous that such a buyer can be guilty of
abetting the offence of trafficking when he himself would not have been guilty
of the offence of trafficking.

47 For the foregoing reasons, I find that the mens rea requirement of an
intention to distribute the drugs to a third party also applies to a
conspiracy charge. Accordingly, the consumption defence is also available to a
buyer who is accused of conspiring with the seller to traffic drugs to
himself.

Liew’s supplementary arguments

48 While I agree with Liew’s main argument that in a buyer-seller scenario, a
buyer who purchases the drugs for his own consumption does not have the
necessary mens rea for a trafficking conspiracy charge to be made out, I did
not find Liew’s “dominant purpose argument” and/or “important distinction
argument” helpful. Ultimately, they do not add anything to the principal
argument that to be convicted of a conspiracy charge to traffic in drugs, the
accused person must have the requisite mens rea to traffic the drugs to
“someone else”. As the arguments were developed at length in Liew’s written
submissions I will briefly explain why they do not offer any independent
assistance to Liew.

49 In essence, they seek to make the same point in a somewhat roundabout way.
Liew argues that when assessing whether an accused person has the necessary
mens rea, the person’s dominant intention is relevant. In support of his
submission that an accused’s dominant purpose is important in determining
whether there has been an agreement to commit a crime, counsel for Liew, Mr
Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”) relied on R v Anderson [1986] 1 AC 27
(“Anderson”) and Yip Chiu-Cheung v R [1995] 1 AC 111 (“Yip”). These cases
concerned “pretence conspirators”, ie, conspirators who outwardly agree to
commit an offence but privately have no intention of so doing.

50 Anderson and Yip both held that a pretence conspirator cannot be guilty of
a conspiracy, even if the conspirator ostensibly agreed to commit the crime,
so long as he or she did not actually intend to carry the conspiracy into
effect. Yong Pung How CJ adopted the same position in Kannan s/o Kunjiraman
and another v Public Prosecutor [1995] 3 SLR(R) 294 at [10]–[12]. This
proposition is not in itself controversial. However, it is clear from the
cases that whether a pretence conspirator can be guilty of conspiracy depends
on whether that pretence conspirator had the intention to carry the conspiracy
into effect even if the purpose was to apprehend the actual offender. This is
illustrated in Yip where a law enforcement agent entered into a conspiracy to
export drugs out of Hong Kong. The Privy Council observed that there was no
doubt that the agent “was acting courageously and with the best of motives; he
was trying to break a drug ring” (Yip at 118). Nevertheless, the Board found
that the agent would have been guilty of conspiracy if he was charged. In
other words, the agent in Yip had intended to actually carry out the offence
as part of the plan to break the drug ring. In such a case, the actual
offender can be guilty of the conspiracy because the pretence conspirator
likewise had the requisite mens rea. Therefore the relevant inquiry is not
whether there was a dominant intention, but whether the mens rea requirement
in respect of the offence for which he was charged has been satisfied.

51 Liew’s important distinction argument is premised on the distinction
between an agreement that an offence should be committed and an agreement to
commit the offence. Mr Thuraisingam argues that in ordering the Drugs, Liew
had at best agreed with Fanyu that trafficking should be committed, and did
not agree to commit the offence of trafficking. In support, he relied on three
Australian decisions: Rolls v The Queen [2011] VSCA 401 (“Rolls”), R v Moran &
Mokbel [1998] VSCA 64 (“Moran”) and R v Thomas Roland Trudgeon [1988] 39 A
Crim R 252 (“Trudgeon”).

52 In my view, the distinction which appears to have been developed in these
Australian cases merely supplements the ultimate inquiry of whether the
accused person had the mens rea for the offence that he was charged with
conspiring to carry out. In Rolls, the court found that the mistress had
agreed with her lover to murder the lover’s wife because she had a stake in
the plan to murder the wife, and both the mistress and her lover saw the plan
as an enterprise in which both were involved (Rolls at [64]–[65]). In Moran, a
supplier of ingredients to make drugs was found not guilty of conspiring to
manufacture the drugs because the supplier had no stake in what the buyer was
to do with the ingredients once it was supplied to him. The fact that it might
be inferred that the supplier knew the purpose for which the ingredients was
to be used was not sufficient. Finally, in Trudgeon, the court found that the
mere fact that the seller of drugs would have expected the buyer to sell the
drugs to third parties did not mean that there was an agreement between the
buyer and seller for the buyer to subsequently sell the drugs to others. The
seller was accordingly acquitted of the conspiracy charge to traffic the
drugs. In my view, these decisions can be explained with reference to the mens
rea requirement instead of ascribing labels to the arguments and thereby
giving the impression that they represent separate and independent points.

Application to the undisputed facts of this appeal

53 I have found that for the offence of abetting in a conspiracy to traffic in
drugs, the conspirators must have the requisite mens rea to traffic the drugs
to someone else. Here, Liew did not have the mens rea to traffic the Drugs
simply because his intention in the transaction was to procure the Drugs for
his own consumption and therefore not to traffic to “someone else”. This was
Liew’s unchallenged evidence in the court below.

54 The Prosecution also submitted that Liew’s conviction could be upheld on
the basis that Liew knew that Fanyu had no available drugs to sell to him and
therefore had to obtain them from another source.

55 It is not clear what the legal basis for this submission was. The
Prosecution’s case is that the offence is committed once the buyer orders the
drugs from the seller and agrees that the drugs would be delivered to him. On
this premise, by the Prosecution’s own case theory, the seller’s immediate
availability of stock at the point of agreement should be irrelevant.

56 In any event, in my view, Liew’s knowledge that Fanyu did not have
available drugs to sell would not and should not change the outcome. To hold
otherwise would mean that a buyer’s liability for abetting a seller in a
conspiracy to traffic would in turn depend on the fortuity of whether the
seller had any existing stock to sell. Accepting this submission would mean
that if the seller has existing stock, there would be no conspiracy to
traffic. But, if the seller does not have immediate stock and the buyer asks
him to get it from another source in order to supply to him, then it would
amount to a conspiracy to traffic. It is hard to see why the buyer’s liability
for abetting in a conspiracy to traffic should be dependent on the seller’s
immediate access to the controlled drugs, when in both cases, the controlled
drugs were meant for the buyers’ own consumption.

57 The Prosecution pointed out that by asking Fanyu to procure the drugs, Liew
had caused Fanyu to commit an offence. Again, it is difficult to comprehend
the legal significance of this submission. The crucial point that Liew lacked
the necessary mens rea to sell or distribute the Drugs to a third party
remains unanswered.

58 Accordingly, I set aside Liew’s convictions on the Conspiracy Charges.

Alternative charge of attempted possession

59 At the oral hearing before me, parties agreed that if Liew was acquitted of
the Conspiracy Charges, he should be convicted of two lesser charges of
attempted possession of controlled drugs under ss 8(a) and 12 of the MDA, ie,
one charge of attempted possession of 34.5 grams of cannabis and another
charge of attempted possession of 68.21 grams of cannabis mixture.

60 Having acquitted Liew of the Conspiracy Charges, I exercise my powers under
ss 390(4) and 390(8)(a) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 2012 Rev Ed)
to reduce the Conspiracy Charges and convict Liew of reduced charges on the
terms agreed to by parties.

61 As it is permissible for this court to pass sentence on the reduced charges
instead of remitting the case back to the Judge for sentencing: see eg, Public
Prosecutor v Lam Leng Hung and other appeals [2017] SGHC 71 at [315] and
[362]–[407]; Sim Wen Yi Ernest v Public Prosecutor [2016] 5 SLR 207 at
[26]–[46] and Mohd Hazwan bin Mohd Muji v Public Prosecutor [2013] 1 SLR 516
at [30]–[38], I will therefore hear parties’ submissions on sentence.

Conclusion

62 For the reasons above, I set aside the convictions for the Conspiracy
Charges and convict Liew on the reduced charges.

Steven Chong  
Judge of Appeal

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam and Suang Wijaya (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for
the appellant;  
John Lu and Rimplejit Kaur (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

