Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 156

Criminal Case No. 14 of 2017

Public Prosecutor

v

Ng Peng Chong  
Cheng Pueh Kuang

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Sentencing]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Public Prosecutor

  
v

  

Ng Peng Chong and another

[2017] SGHC 156

High Court — Criminal Case No 14 of 2017  
Choo Han Teck J  
30 June 2017

6 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The two accused were convicted before this court for a drug trafficking
offence involving the joint possession of 10.17g of diamorphine for the
purposes of trafficking (“the First charge”). There is no dispute that the two
accused were also drug addicts. Their conviction on the reduced charge meant
that instead of the death penalty, they would be sentenced to a term of a
minimum 20 years and 15 strokes of the cane and a maximum of 30 years
imprisonment or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes of the cane. The same set
of 10 charges were against each of the accused. The First charge was the only
capital charge. The remaining 9 charges against each of the accused were stood
down pending the outcome of this trial.

2 After they were convicted, the prosecution restored 2 of the 9 charges for
trial, one was for possession of not less than 98.87 g of methamphetamine for
the purposes of trafficking (“the Third charge”), and the other for
consumption of morphine (“the Sixth charge”). Both accused persons pleaded
guilty to those two charges. The Third charge carries a minimum of 5 years
imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane and a maximum of 20 years imprisonment
and 15 strokes of the cane. The Sixth charge carries a minimum of 7 years
imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane and a maximum of 13 years imprisonment
and 12 strokes of the cane. 7 other charges were offered to the two accused
persons for their consent to have them taken into account for the purposes of
sentencing. They both consented.

3 The learned DPP addressed the court and asked for the ‘benchmark sentences’
to be applied. She also submitted that a lengthier jail term should be imposed
on account of the fact that the two accused, being above the age of 50, are
exempt from caning. She added that the accused would otherwise have received
the maximum number of strokes (by reason of the minimum mandatory sentences),
hence, if the imprisonment term is not extended, it would have been ‘a huge
discount to them’.

4 The learned DPP’s submission is consistent with the strong stand taken by
Parliament and the courts against drug offences because of the damage drugs do
to society. We have maintained this stance for decades. Hence, the legislature
introduced presumptions in law in drug offences, as well as severe punishment
including the death penalty, lengthy prison terms, and minimum mandatory
sentences. In addition to that, the courts have set what is commonly referred
to as ‘sentencing benchmarks’ with the aim of ensuring further that the
sentencing court does not impose a sentence that is too lenient or too severe.
‘Benchmarks’ are set by taking into account the offences in question, the
previous antecedents of the offender, and aggravating and mitigating factors.
These are considered sufficiently objective factors so as to produce
consistent sentences for like cases. Consistency is one of the basic
principles of the common law and hence, like cases should be treated alike.

5 But in law as in nature, there are tensions and paradoxes. The need for
consistency pulls against the demand that each case is adjudged on its own
merits. The courts try as best as they can to do justice in spite of such
tensions in the law. In each case, the question is, ‘How much punishment is
enough?’. Benchmarks and minimum mandatory sentences, can be helpful, and so
can references to ‘aggravating’ and ‘mitigating’ factors. But these are the
analogue version of language that can quite easily be digitalised to obtain a
computer-generated sentence. The reason that this has not yet been done is
that the computer has not yet taken over the full function of the human mind.
We have yet to teach it the virtues of sympathy and compassion. The computer
cannot see things that lie outside the algorithms dictating its mind. Those
are ostensible only to the human eye.

6 The two accused have been found guilty of a serious offence. The law
requires drug offenders to be severely punished because of what drugs can do
to their victims. From a distance, the two accused may appear only as
villains. Close-up, they also resemble victims for they are themselves
victims. The two accused have been consuming drugs and have been punished for
drug related offences from 1980 to this day. One is 59 years old and the other
turned 60 years old just a couple of weeks ago. The minimum sentence they will
have to serve is 20 years imprisonment for the First charge. They collect
drugs to sell and to feed their own addiction. This has been their lot for the
best parts of their life. Their situation raises questions that a court may
ask but may not be able to answer. One of them is whether there is more that
society can do for such people — victim-offenders, trapped in an unending
cycle? Unlike younger offenders, these two men will not have much of a life
left to turn around by the time they are released, we ought to give them hope
for however little is left.

7 The learned DPP restored 2 charges for trial instead of leaving them like
the remaining 7 to be taken into account for purposes of sentencing, and the
consequence of which is that the minimum mandatory terms for imprisonment add
up to 25 years for the first accused, and 27 years for the second accused.
This is even without taking into account other factors such as previous
convictions and other charges, and the fact that they are exempt from caning.
This is because the law requires that where an accused is convicted in any one
trial of three or more charges, the imprisonment terms for at least two of
those charges must run consecutively. That is already the minimum I must
impose. Yet the learned DPP suggests that another 12 months be added in lieu
of caning. That suggestion would be in line with the benchmarks, but this is a
case in which I do not think that justice is served by being technically
correct, benchmark-wise. I think that the minimum that has to be imposed is
sufficiently severe.

8 I therefore sentence the first accused Ng Peng Chong, to 20 years of
imprisonment for the First charge, 5 years of imprisonment for the Third
charge and 7 years of imprisonment for the Sixth charge. In consideration of
the totality principle, the First charge and the Third charge are to run
consecutively. This would result in a total sentence of 25 years of
imprisonment with effect from 17 May 2014.

9 I sentence the second accused, Cheng Pueh Kuang, to 20 years of imprisonment
for the First charge, 10 years of imprisonment for the Third charge and 7
years of imprisonment for the Sixth charge against him. In consideration of
the totality principle, the First charge and the Sixth charge are to run
consecutively. This would result in a total sentence of 27 years of
imprisonment with effect from 17 May 2014.

10 There shall be no additional sentence of imprisonment in lieu of caning.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Isaac Tan, Rachel Ng and Muhammad Zulhafini Bin Haji Zulkeflee (Attorney-
General’s Chambers) for prosecution;  
Cheong Aik Chye (A C Cheong & Co.) and Tan Jeh Yaw (Lim Swee Tee & Co.) for
first accused;  
Peter Cuthbert Low, Elaine Low (Peter Low LLC) and Wong Seow Pin (S P Wong &
Co.) for second accused.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

