Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the Family justice courts of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 29

District Court Appeal No 156 of 2016

Between

TYA  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

TYB  
---  
  
… Respondent

judgment

[Family law] — [Ancillary powers of court] — [Division of matrimonial assets]

[Family law] — [Ancillary powers of court] — [Variation of order for
maintenance]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
TYA

  

v

  

TYB

[2017] SGHCF 29

High Court — District Court Appeal No 156 of 2016  
Valerie Thean J  
16 October 2017

18 December 2017 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean J:

1 This appeal arises out of a district judge’s decision on applications by the
appellant wife and the respondent husband to vary two ancillary orders made by
consent under an interim judgment for their divorce, in the light of new
circumstances that have arisen in their lives.

2 The first order is an order for the parties’ matrimonial property to be sold
upon their youngest child’s turning 21 in 2021 and the sale proceeds divided
equally between them after each party is refunded their respective CPF
contributions to the purchase price. Both appellant and respondent sought to
vary this order. The key question that arises is whether, on the facts of this
case, the order has become unworkable according to the principles set out in
the Court of Appeal’s decision in AYM v AYL [2013] 1 SLR 924 (“AYM”) and thus
eligible to be varied under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev
Ed). The second is an order for the maintenance of the appellant and their
children. The respondent sought to reduce the amount he is liable to pay
towards their maintenance on the ground of a material change in his
circumstances within the meaning of s 118 of the Charter.

3 The district judge dismissed both the appellant’s and respondent’s
applications regarding the first order but varied the order to allow the sale
of the property on condition of the parties’ consent if they were minded to do
so subsequently. She varied the second order by reducing the monthly
maintenance sum, and with retrospective effect. For the reasons detailed
below, I allow the appellant’s appeal on the first order and dismiss that part
of her appeal which relates to the second.

Background

4 The appellant and the respondent married in January 1988 and have three
children. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 46 at para 2, p 53 at cl 1, and p 124
at para 4.

Their elder son is 29, their daughter is 28 and their younger son is 17. Their
matrimonial home is a Housing Development Board flat. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 p 46 at para 2 and p 85.

It was in June 2016 valued at approximately $335,000. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 50 at para 12 and p 86.

The flat is held in the joint names of the parties. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 at p 85.

The purchase of the flat was financed by a mortgage loan from the Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”), on which repayment continues
today to be due in the sum of $618 every month. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 47 at para 6.

5 The parties’ marriage of 24 years came to an end on 14 November 2011, when
they were granted Interim Judgment. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 124 at para 4.

Under that judgment, two orders were made by consent which are now the focus
in this appeal. They are cll 3(a) and 3(b), and they read as follows: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 53 at para 3.

a) Delayed sale of matrimonial flat located at [xxx] until the youngest child
turns 21 years old. Upon sale, the proceeds of sale shall be used to repay any
outstanding mortgage thereafter to repay to the parties respective CPF
accounts the sum used towards the purchase of the flat including accrued
interest and the balance sum after paying for the cost of the sale shall be
divided equally between the parties.

…

b) Maintenance of $2,700 per month to the Plaintiff for the maintenance of the
Plaintiff and children to be paid into their [daughter’s] POSB Bank Account
number [xxx] on the seventh day of each month.

6 It is the respondent’s evidence that at the time of the divorce, he was
earning a net income of about $3,500 to $4,000 a month. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 126 at para 12.

Around early 2012, after the grant of Final Judgment, he became unable to hold
down a full-time job, and his earnings were reduced to a net average of $2,000
a month. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 126 at para 13.

In late 2014, he met his current wife. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 127 at para 15.

Around April 2015, he secured a full-time job with a monthly gross salary of
about $3,500. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 127 at para 15.

He remarried in October 2015 and has been renting premises with his current
wife. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 at p 147 and p 128 at para 25.

7 It is not disputed that the respondent was solely responsible for repaying
the mortgage loan throughout the marriage. After Interim Judgment was granted,
the respondent continued to make the mortgage repayments every month and in
full, out of moneys in his Ordinary Account with the Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”), until October 2012, when his contribution to the repayments began to
decrease in amount and consistency. As a result, the parties on 12 October
2012 agreed in writing to share in repaying the mortgage loan. The agreement
reads: 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 at p 59.

AGREEMENT

I, [the respondent] agree with [the appellant] to both share the payment of
HDB housing loan in cash (to be deposited into HDB-OCBC housing loan account),
starting from November 2012.

PAYMENT AS BELOW

[Respondent]: $300/-

[Appellant]: $318/-

NOTE

If any of the party do not pay (or late payment) for the month of housing
loan, the party will bear the penalty charged by the HDB-OCBC housing loan.

This letter will be served as a proof and will be used for evidence for any
court matter.

8 The respondent did not abide by this agreement. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, pp 47–48 at paras 6–7.

As a result, in addition to contributing $318 a month, the appellant from June
2013 to June 2016 contributed a total sum of $12,396.76 to repay the mortgage
loan because the respondent could not, or could not fully, contribute his
share of $300 each month. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 48 at para 7 and at p 66.

Eventually, she came to pay the full sum of $618 each month, and she continues
to do so today. Of that sum, she pays $200 out of her CPF moneys and the
remaining $418 in cash. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 48 at para 7.

As at June 2016, $66,044.64 remained owing to OCBC on the loan. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 47 at para 6.

9 The respondent was also inconsistent in making payment towards the
maintenance of the appellant and their three children. In this regard, he is,
according to the appellant, in arrears of $89,100. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 at p 57.

In this connection, however, it should be noted that by June 2013 the parties’
elder son had graduated from university and had by July that year started
work. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, pp 127–128 at paras 20, 21 and 23.

By June 2014, their daughter had graduated too. Their younger son sat for his
“O” Level papers last year and is understood to be currently pursuing a
polytechnic diploma. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 101 at para 20 and p 102 at para 22.

10 In July and September 2016, the parties took out applications to vary cll
3(a) and 3(b) of the Interim Judgment. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017 at pp 3–6.

The appellant sought to vary cl 3(a) under s 112(4) of the Charter. She asked
the court to transfer to her the respondent’s share in the flat without any
refund to the respondent’s CPF account. This was on the basis that the
liabilities he owed her exceeded the value of his share in the flat. Those
liabilities were said to comprise (i) personal loans she had extended to him;
(ii) his maintenance arrears; and (iii) his share of the monthly mortgage
repayments which he had failed consistently to contribute since June 2013.

11 The respondent disputed the legal basis for such a variation, and yet also
sought to vary cl 3(a), to enable the sale of the flat within four months. He
wanted his share of the sale proceeds so that he could move on with his life.
He also asked the court to vary cl 3(b) under s 118 of the Charter to reduce
the amount he needed to pay towards his wife’s and their children’s
maintenance, contending that his wife had found work and that their two older
children had become financially independent.

12 The district judge found no legal basis on which to transfer the
respondent’s interest in the flat to the appellant. Such a transfer, she held,
was not the appropriate way by which the appellant was to recover any alleged
personal debt owing to her by the respondent. The appropriate mode of recourse
was civil action and, where maintenance arrears were concerned, enforcement
proceedings under s 71 of the Charter. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 15 at [24] and p 17 at [27].

The judge also did not think cl 3(a) was unworkable in the sense that it could
not be implemented. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 16 at [26].

The district judge took the view, nevertheless, that the parties might
reasonably decide together to sell the flat before 2021, and so she varied cl
3(a) to provide for that event. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 21 at [36].

She also allowed the respondent’s application and varied cl 3(b). Having
regard to when the parties’ two older children started work, she revised that
clause to the effect that the respondent would be liable to pay the appellant
$2,100 per month with effect from 1 June 2013, and $900 per month with effect
from 1 June 2014. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 26 at [48]–[49].

13 The appellant now appeals against the whole of that decision.

Parties’ cases on appeal

14 The appellant’s original position on appeal was that cl 3(a) should be
varied to provide that the amounts she is likely to have paid in cash on the
housing loan by the time the property is sold in 2021, to be calculated by
applying the doctrine of equitable accounting, be refunded to her. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at paras 12 and 24–26.

At the oral hearing, however, her counsel, Mr Hanam, clarified that she was
agreeable to an immediate sale of her property, provided that her cash
contributions to the mortgage repayments be refunded to her. The common factor
between both positions, however, is her contention that cl 3(a) is eligible
for variation because it has been rendered unworkable by the respondent’s
failure to contribute to the mortgage repayments. This failure, she contends,
represents a material departure from the parties’ common understanding, at the
time they agreed on cl 3(a), that the respondent would be solely responsible
for making the mortgage repayments. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at paras 10 and 21.

15 In addition, the appellant argues that cl 3(a) should be varied to take
into account the maintenance arrears owed to her by the respondent. That may
be done, she says, by ordering a charge over the respondent’s CPF moneys. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 31.

Finally, she argues that the district judge erred in backdating the varied cl
3(b), 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 41.

and that the maintenance amount should not have been reduced on the basis that
the two older children had moved out. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 38.

16 As the respondent’s position in these proceedings has always been to seek
an immediate sale of the flat, 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 20 at para 33.

it is noteworthy that the appellant and the respondent now converge on appeal
on this point. They differ, however, on the basis upon which cl 3(a) should be
treated as unworkable and consequently varied. They also differ on how the
appellant’s cash contributions should be refunded to her under a varied cl
3(a). For example, in the appellant’s view, this may be done by adjusting the
proportions in which the sale proceeds are divided, but the respondent rejects
this approach on the basis that it may overcompensate the appellant.

17 The respondent also argues that the appeal is a disguised application for a
declaration and enforcement of alleged debt owed to the appellant by the
respondent. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Case dated 14 August 2017 at para 10.

The respondent echoes the district judge’s view that the proper route for
recovering such a debt is by way of a civil action. Finally, he submits that
the court has no power to impose a charge on his CPF moneys to compel him to
satisfy his maintenance debt to the appellant. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Case dated 14 August 2017 at paras 14–15.

Issues to be determined

18 The following issues arise in this appeal:

(a) Concerning the matrimonial flat, should cl 3(a) be varied, and if so, how?

(b) Concerning the respondent’s maintenance arrears, should a charge be
imposed on the respondent’s CPF moneys?

(c) Concerning the maintenance order, should cl 3(b) varied, and if so, should
the variation be backdated?

19 When the matter first came before me, the respondent appeared in person.
Also, the appeal raised a number of interesting legal issues not yet addressed
by counsel in the court below regarding the court’s discretion under s 112(4)
of the Charter and the principles on unworkability, set out in the Court of
Appeal’s decision in AYM ([2] supra), which governs the exercise of that
discretion. A Young Amicus Curiae, Mr Allen Ng, was therefore appointed, and I
am very grateful to Mr Ng for his valuable assistance. I turn now to address
the three issues in sequence.

Issue 1: Variation of cl 3(a)

Overview of applicable law

20 I begin with a summary of the established principles on the variation of an
order for the division of matrimonial assets under s 112(4) of the Charter.
That provision says that “[t]he court may, at any time it thinks fit, extend,
vary, revoke or discharge any order made under this section, and may vary any
term or condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made”. The
court exercises its discretion under this broadly-worded provision in
accordance with the following principles:

(a) Once an order of court has been fully implemented, the court generally
does not have power to revisit or re-open the order, save where there is
fraud: see AYM at [22] and [30]; see also BMI v BMJ and another matter [2017]
SGCA 63 at [9].

(b) The court will vary an order for the division of matrimonial assets where
the order is unworkable ab initio or has become unworkable as a result of new
circumstances: AYM at [23].

(c) An order might be unworkable ab initio due to a lack of functionality of
the order, or as a result of a fundamental misunderstanding at the time the
order was made: AYM at [29].

(d) An order might become unworkable in the literal sense or purposive sense
as a result of new circumstances which arise. It becomes unworkable in the
literal sense when it becomes practically impossible to implement. It becomes
unworkable in the purposive sense when new circumstances emerge which so
radically change the situation that to implement the order would be to
implement something radically different from what was originally intended: AYM
at [25]; Seah Kim Seng v Yick Sui Ping [2015] 4 SLR 731 (“Seah Kim Seng”) at
[26].

(e) Where an order is unworkable ab initio or has become unworkable as a
result of new circumstances, the court may vary the order as far as necessary
and in a practical way: AYM at [23] and [25]; Seah Kim Seng at [48].

21 Underlying this collection of principles is the familiar tension between
the need to ensure finality for the parties in the order which was made and
the need to ensure justice between the parties through a measure of
flexibility. The Court of Appeal’s conclusion in AYM after analysing the
history of s 112(4) was that the intention behind the provision was to confer
on the court an administrative flexibility to ensure that the order which was
made is carried out fairly and effectively. The purposive focus of the
analysis is therefore necessarily on the nature of an order for the division
of matrimonial assets as a statutory means of equitably resolving the
breakdown of a marriage in a manner which helps the parties move forward in
life.

22 Bearing these principles in mind, I turn to consider the parties’
submissions and the factual matrix.

Should cl 3(a) be varied?

(1) Applicable principles

23 I begin with the observation that, as the district judge correctly noted,
34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 16 at para 25.

cl 3(a) has not been fully implemented. This allows the parties to rely on
unworkability as a ground for varying cl 3(a): see AYM at [22]. I shall
elaborate on the applicable principles in this regard, with a focus on
purposive unworkability, as that is the type of unworkability which is most
pertinent in this case.

24 The Court of Appeal’s reasoning in AYM implies the need for courts to have
regard to the nature of an order’s operation in deciding whether new
circumstances which have arisen have truly rendered the order purposively
unworkable. Thus the Court of Appeal appeared to suggest that the alleged
change in circumstances may be less drastic in an application to vary a
“continuing order” than in an application to vary orders which did not have a
continuing effect. The court regarded this suggestion as “not inconsistent”
(at [27]) with the principle (set out at [22] of the same judgment) that an
order that has been implemented should not generally be liable to variation.

25 The court gave two contrasting examples to illustrate the variance in what
counts as a radical change. First is the House of Lords’ decision in Barder v
Caluori [1988] AC 20 (“Barder”): AYM at [26]. In that case, the husband agreed
to transfer his interest in the matrimonial home to his wife under a consent
order in full and final settlement of their claims. In a tragic turn of
events, the wife murdered their two children and committed suicide. In AYM,
the court at [26] observed that in Barder, “the consent order recorded by the
registrar remained executory” [emphasis added]. Thus it had yet to be
implemented. The House of Lords thus granted leave to appeal against the
order, holding that the order had been agreed on the fundamental assumption
that the wife and their children would live in the property for an indefinite
period, and that that assumption was invalidated upon their deaths.

26 The second example given in AYM concerns a type of order which the court
referred to as a “continuing order”. The court explained at [27] that some
orders made under s 112 of the Charter “are of a continuing nature and may not
be as quickly spent as an order for the sale of certain property and the
distribution of the proceeds thereof”. The example given by the court of such
an order is an order made under s 112(5)(e) which postpones the sale of a
property for the purpose of allowing the child of a marriage to have a place
to live in. The court goes on to say that if the child moves out of the
property before the period of postponement elapses and no longer requires it
as a place to live in, it may be expedient to vary the order to effect an
immediate sale of the property. This type of change certainly appears less
drastic, in absolute terms, than change of the type which Barder appears to
require, which the court in AYM characterised as “very rare and very extreme”
(at [26]).

27 Now as a general proposition, it is clear that the requirement of radical
change exists because it is important to ensure that parties can rely on the
certainty and finality of an order on the division of matrimonial assets,
being an order which almost always has significant implications for their
everyday lives: see AYM at [26]. Bearing this proposition in mind, two points
may be gleaned from the two examples discussed above.

28 First, the court must have regard to the nature of the order in question in
deciding whether the alleged change in circumstances is sufficiently radical
to justify varying the order. This principle explains why, in absolute terms,
a lesser degree of radical change may be required to justify variation of a
continuing order. This is because the order’s finality is considered to be
held in abeyance, given that the order has not fully been implemented. In this
regard, a continuing order is different in nature from a merely “executory”
order (of the type in Barder), as the former is expressly intended to be
implemented over time while the latter has not been implemented for usually
purely administrative reasons. This implies that there is a stronger interest
in preserving the finality of an executory order, which would in turn require
a more radical change of the circumstances for the order to be disturbed.
Undoubtedly, such an interest would be even stronger in the case of an order
that has been fully implemented: see AYM at [22].

29 Second and more importantly, the requirement of radical change does not
simply mean that the more radical the change, the more likely it is that an
order will be purposively unworkable. The court is not concerned with radical
changes in the parties’ lives that have nothing to do with the order which is
sought to be varied. Thus in Cornick v Cornick [1994] 2 FLR 530 (“Cornick”),
the wife by court order was granted 51% of the parties’ net assets. A year
later, the value of the matrimonial assets which remained with the husband
increased substantially, with the result that the net effect of the order was
to give the wife about 4% of the parties’ assets. Her application to vary the
order was rejected by the English High Court on the basis that what had
occurred was nothing more than a natural albeit dramatic change in the value
of the husband’s shareholding, reflecting a natural process of price
fluctuation.

30 What is crucial is that the alleged change must go towards invalidating the
basis or fundamental assumption upon which the order was made or towards
frustrating its purpose. This is the central and underlying principle behind
all cases involving purposive unworkability, and it is conceptually
independent of the degree of alleged radical change in circumstances in
absolute terms. Thus in Barder, the wife’s mother argued that the order should
not be disturbed because the order was intended to achieve a clean break for
the parties. But Lord Brandon of Oakbrook rejected that argument, holding that
“[t]he intention to produce a clean break … will itself have been founded on
the subsequently invalidated assumption” (at 40G). Thus, to allow the order to
remain in effect would scarcely have achieved what the parties intended by it.
In cases where the order is continuing, as in the example thereof discussed in
AYM, and as this case aptly demonstrates, the occurrence of what is otherwise
an unremarkable event can frustrate the purpose for which an order is made if
the order fails to provide for that event.

31 Bearing in mind these principles relating specifically to the features of
cl 3(a), I turn now to explain how they apply in the context of the facts and
parties’ arguments.

(2) Application to the facts

32 By way of preface, it is useful to highlight three essential and undisputed
facts upon which the analysis below turns: (i) cl 3(a) provides for
contributions towards the purchase of the flat to be refunded to the parties
only if those contributions are made out of their CPF moneys; (ii) the
respondent failed to make the mortgage repayments – which he had always done
using his CPF moneys – a year after cl 3(a) was agreed upon; and (iii) the
appellant then started repaying the mortgage loan, both by using her CPF
moneys and in cash.

33 With this in mind, I turn to consider the evidence and the parties’
submissions. The appellant submits that the parties had a “common
understanding” behind their consent order of November 2011 that the respondent
would be solely responsible for making monthly mortgage repayments in respect
of their flat until their youngest child turns 21 in 2021. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 9.

In November 2011, she was a full-time housewife and had no income. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 27 at para 53.

Therefore, she says, it could not have been contemplated that she would be
repaying the mortgage loan. Indeed, it is undisputed that the respondent made
the monthly mortgage repayments, in full, for nearly a year after the consent
order was made in November 2011. The respondent “materially departed” from
this understanding because since October 2012 he stopped making those payments
regularly, and eventually stopped doing so completely. The appellant says that
this amounts to a radical change in circumstances which has rendered the
consent order purposively unworkable and thus liable to variation.

34 The respondent’s evidence, on the other hand, is that he made the mortgage
repayments from November 2011 to October 2012 “out of goodwill”. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 131 at para 35.

He points out that there was no order obliging him to continue paying. His
evidence is also that “the only agreement [he] gave to the [appellant] after
the divorce was that [he] would allow the deduction from [his] CPF for the
mortgage loan for as long as there was funds in it”. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 163 at para 17.

His counsel, Ms Tan, argues that the parties in November 2011 likely did not
address their minds to who would repay the mortgage loan from November 2011 to
2021 when the property was to be sold.

35 I accept Ms Tan’s contention that the evidence does not point to any
agreement on the part of the parties that the respondent would be solely
responsible for the mortgage repayments until 2021. While the appellant may
have assumed that the respondent would pay, as he had always done, and while
the respondent did pay, for a year after the order, there is no direct
evidence as to why the respondent did so. The evidence adduced by the
appellant is insufficient to the common understanding she alleges. The text of
the order also, as pointed out by Mr Ng, provides for sale proceeds to be
refunded into “the parties’ respective CPF accounts”. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Young Amicus Curiae’s Supplementary Submissions dated 15 October 2017, p 4 at
para 6.

Indeed it was because of a lack of a common understanding that the appellant
in October 2012 came to an agreement with the respondent that he contribute
half the monthly instalment for the repayment of the mortgage loan, although
he did not comply: see [7] above. It could well be that she expected him to
continue repaying the mortgage loan with his CPF moneys – because that had
been the status quo for many years from the time of purchase of the flat and
because she was a full-time housewife – and he simply fell short of her
expectation. But that is not the common understanding the appellant alleges.
Therefore, the mere fact that the respondent ceased to make mortgage
repayments consistently after October 2012 is not a circumstance so radically
different from the circumstances prevailing at the time cl 3(a) was agreed
upon such that to implement cl 3(a) today would represent a radical departure
from the parties’ common understanding behind cl 3(a). If the respondent’s
sole responsibility for making mortgage repayments was fundamental to the
order, it ought to have been specified in the order.

36 That is not the end of the matter, nevertheless. What happened as a result
of the respondent’s failure to make the mortgage repayments is the significant
fact in this case. The appellant, cut off from a steady stream of maintenance
payments and faced with the threat of losing her home, decided to find work.
With the money she earned, she began herself to repay the mortgage loan. And
she did so not only out of her CPF moneys but also in cash. But cl 3(a) does
not make any provision for refunding any payments that are made in cash.

37 Arising from this, Mr Ng submits that if I find the parties to have agreed
on cl 3(a) on the basis that they would share equally in the profits of the
sale of the flat after being refunded for their respective contributions
towards the mortgage, then cl 3(a) is literally unworkable. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Young Amicus Curiae’s Supplementary Submissions dated 15 October 2017 at para
22.

This is because it contemplates the refund only of contributions made out of
CPF moneys, and does not extend to the refund of contributions made in cash.
The appellant has made and continues to make such contributions in cash, 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 48 at para 7.

for which by cl 3(a) she will not be refunded. Thus, cl 3(a) contains a lacuna
which the court is empowered to plug by varying the order under s 112(4) of
the Charter. Mr Ng relies on AYM at [29] for this submission:

We now deal with the situation where the court order is unworkable ab initio.
… In [CT v CU [2004] SGDC 164] … the learned District Judge did observe (at
[12]) that “[t]here must surely be a way for the court to plug any gap or
lacuna in the ancillary matters order” [emphasis added]. This is also
consistent with the view (expressed above …) that s 112(4) was also intended
to provide for what are, in substance, purely administrative matters.

38 The difficulty with Mr Ng’s argument is that the lacuna Mr Ng has
identified does not make clause 3(a) literally unworkable. Its implementation
today is not a “practical impossibility”, nor does it involve a “lack of
functionality”, in the words of the Court of Appeal in AYM at [25] and [29].
On a literal application of the order, the appellant would continue to pay in
cash, and when the property is sold, her cash contributions would count
towards the profits of the sale and be divided between her and the respondent.
There is no practical impossibility in this outcome. Of course, such an
outcome would undoubtedly be unjust and inequitable. Inequitable circumstances
alone, however, cannot justify a variation. In Cornick ([29] supra), the
husband’s windfall could have been said to have been in some sense
inequitable, but that had nothing to do with the basis of order in question. I
will not vary the order simply on this ground.

39 Instead, I return to the fundamental basis of the order. Investigation into
that basis must start with an examination of the text of the order itself. For
ease of reference, I set it out again here:

Delayed sale of matrimonial flat located at Blk 436 Fajar Road #12-386,
Singapore 670436 until the youngest child turns 21 years old. Upon sale, the
proceeds of sale shall be used to repay any outstanding mortgage thereafter to
repay to the parties respective CPF accounts the sum used towards the purchase
of the flat including accrued interest and the balance sum after paying for
the cost of the sale shall be divided equally between the parties.

40 On a plain reading of this text, it is clear to me that the parties
intended that first, each party’s contributions towards the repaying the
mortgage loan – which in essence constitute their capital investment in the
flat – would be refunded to them with interest. Second, they intended to share
equally in the fruit of that investment, namely, the profits of the sale of
the flat. Third, to provide the wife and their youngest child a place to live,
the parties intended to defer the realisation of the first two objectives –
which would be achieved by selling the flat – until their youngest child turns
21. On the first of these objectives, while the text of the order refers only
to CPF moneys, I consider that this was simply because at the time cl 3(a) was
agreed upon, the status quo was that the mortgage repayments were being made
using only CPF moneys, in particular, the respondent’s CPF moneys. The lacuna
in the order is that it does not provide for what happens to cash which is
advanced by either party towards repaying the mortgage loan. And this lacuna
emerged only when the appellant started to make mortgage repayments in cash.

41 Returning to the analysis of the Court of Appeal in AYM at [29], cl 3(a)
had elements of ab initio unworkability, which later circumstances revealed.
Instructive to the analysis here is an analogy with the doctrine of implied
terms in contract law, which is a doctrine that seeks to identify the presumed
intentions of contracting parties, at the time they entered into the contract,
concerning a contingency that the contract is later shown not to have provided
for: see Sembcorp Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another
appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193 (“Sembcorp Marine”) at [93]. The analogy is
appropriate because cl 3(a) is after all an order made on the parties’ consent
and because the issue here – namely, the basis upon which the parties agreed
to cl 3(a) – is really a question of their presumed intentions in November
2011, given the lack of evidence I have alluded to at [35] above. In Sembcorp
Marine at [101], the court explained the three steps for implying a term as
follows:

(a) First, ascertain how the gap in the contract arises. Implication will be
considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose because the parties
did not contemplate the gap.

(b) Second, consider whether it is necessary in the business or commercial
sense to imply a term in order to give the contract efficacy.

(c) Third, consider the specific term to be implied. This must be one which
the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would have
responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at the time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

42 Applying these criteria by analogy, I consider there to be a true gap in cl
3(a) because it fails to provide for what happens to either party’s
contribution to the mortgage repayments in cash. As Ms Tan submits, the
parties likely did not address their minds to the question of who would pay,
much less how in precise terms that would be done: see [34] above. Next, I
consider that the present dispute is itself reason for the view that filling
that gap would promote the efficacy of cl 3(a). Of course, I do not mean
efficacy in the sense of business efficacy, but in the sense defined by the
very purpose of an order for the division of matrimonial assets, that is, to
resolve equitably the breakdown of a marriage in a manner which helps the
parties move forward in life, as I have mentioned at [21] above. On these
premises, it seems to me that if an officious bystander had suggested to the
parties in November 2011 to provide in cl 3(a) that mortgage repayments in
cash should, like mortgage repayments out of CPF moneys, be refunded to the
parties before the profits of the sale are divided, the parties would have
readily agreed. Of course, the point in pursuing this analogy should not be
lost. The point is that it supports the view that the parties may properly be
presumed to have intended that the entirety of each of their capital
investment in the flat should be refunded to them upon the sale of the flat.

43 In my judgment, therefore, the proper analysis is that cl 3(a) is
purposively unworkable because to implement it would depart from the basis on
which the parties agreed on cl 3(a). That basis is that any contribution that
any party might make to the mortgage repayments would be refunded before the
profits of the sale are divided equally. But cl 3(a) provides only for
contributions made using CPF moneys to be refunded and the appellant has since
made mortgage repayments in cash. The gap in the clause now requires to be
“plugged”, as envisaged by the Court of Appeal in AYM at [29]. And as cl 3(a)
is a continuing order, with every cash payment, the gap widens between the
premise of the order and its effect upon implementation, making the order more
and more purposively unworkable over time.

44 The last point to be mentioned here is that at the hearing, Mr Hanam stated
that his client was willing to move out of the flat to allow its sale and to
facilitate the return of her cash contributions. Mr Ng therefore submits that
the need to postpone the sale of the flat has disappeared, and with it,
another aspect of the fundamental basis of cl 3(a). This is another ground for
varying cl 3(a), he says, relying on the court’s example of an unworkable
order in AYM, discussed at [26] above, in which a child moves out of the flat
whose sale was postponed to give him a place to live. I accept this
submission. Nevertheless, the analysis on the mortgage repayments above
remains relevant because in varying an order, the court must have regard to
why the order has been found to be unworkable, as I explain below.

How should cl 3(a) be varied?

45 I turn now to address how the order should be varied.

46 When an order for the division of matrimonial assets is eligible to be
varied under s 112(4) of the Charter, the court ought to vary the order only
to the extent necessary to give effect to the objective of the order. The
starting point for discerning that objective is the text of the original
order. Where the order is a consent order, the text will be of particular
importance because it will be presumed to reflect the parties’ intentions at
the time they consented to the order. The variation will accordingly be an
exercise in discerning those intentions, having regard to the circumstances in
which they were formed, and subsequently giving effect to them in the best
possible way. The court should also bear in mind the specific reason or
reasons for which the order in question has been found to be unworkable. The
variation which is effected by the court must have a rational connection to
the unworkability that has been identified. This is an important principle for
the mere fact of unworkability does not grant the court a carte blanche
discretion to rewrite an order on the division of the parties’ matrimonial
assets. That would undermine the policy of finality behind s 112 of the
Charter. Instead, the variation must address the unworkability which has
arisen. It must represent a solution which goes no further than circumventing
the unworkability identified and advancing the objective of the order.

47 I have dealt with the objectives of cl 3(a) at [40] above. They are first,
that each party’s payments towards the mortgage should be refunded to them
with interest. Second, the parties should share equally in the fruit of that
investment, namely, the profits of the sale of the flat. Third, to provide the
wife and their youngest child a place to live, the parties intended to defer
the realisation of the first two objectives – in terms of selling the flat –
until their youngest child turns 21. In the present case, the first of these
objectives cannot be achieved by the order as it stands, and the third has
fallen away. Accordingly, an immediate sale of the flat should be ordered, and
the parties’ respective contributions to the mortgage repayments should be
refunded to them before the profits of the sale are equally divided.

48 The parties differ on how the appellant’s cash contributions should be
refunded to her. That can be done in an approximate way, says the appellant,
by varying the division between the parties of the sales proceeds to 51:49 in
her favour. I disagree with this approach. As Mr Ng points out, it is not
clear whether such a variation would overcompensate (or perhaps even
undercompensate) the appellant. Much would depend on the valuation of the
flat, and I do not have an up-to-date valuation of it before me: see [4]
above. More importantly, this solution would appear to go against the parties’
intention to divide the profits of the sale of the flat equally. More
appropriate and more in accordance with their original intention, in my view,
is a variation to the effect that the parties’ respective contributions to the
mortgage repayments – whether by cash or by CPF moneys – are first to be
refunded to them from the sale proceeds, before the sale proceeds which
comprise the profit are divided between them equally.

49 I also find it appropriate that the sum eventually refunded to the
appellant should include interest on her cash contributions. The parties have
considered and submitted on a number of possible interest rates. Mr Ng
suggests that I use the prevailing interest rate on the savings account the
appellant has with the bank she uses, but there is no evidence of this
interest rate before me. Mr Ng alternatively suggested that I direct parties
to agree an interest rate. The appellant suggests an interest rate of 4%,
based on the prevailing interest rate for CPF Special, Medisave and Retirement
accounts. This is appropriate, says the appellant, because it appears from cl
3(a) that the parties contemplated that any contribution each party makes to
the mortgage repayments would come from their CPF moneys. And if the appellant
had put her monies in her CPF account and made the mortgage repayments out of
only those moneys, she would have obtained the same interest as well. A third
option is simple interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum, which is the
recommended default interest rate applicable to pre-judgment sums in civil
actions: see Supreme Court Practice Directions (1 January 2013 release) at
para 77(9).

50 In my judgment, a simple interest rate of 5.33% should apply. I decline to
direct the parties to adopt an interest rate fixed by a bank because
insufficient evidence has been adduced in this regard. Also, she could well
have put her money not in a bank but in an investment with a higher return. I
also decline to direct parties to agree on an interest rate, as they may not
be able to agree. I further decline to adopt the interest rate applicable for
CPF Special, Medisave and Retirement accounts. The reason courts award
compound interest at a rate of 4% per annum on CPF payments is that the CPF
Board guarantees that rate of interest on money that is left in CPF accounts.
When a party pays out of his CPF account, it is logical for a refund into that
account of his payment to include interest calculated on that rate. The
appellant has not done this. She has paid partly in cash and partly out of her
CPF moneys. Therefore, it seems to me best to treat the interest to be awarded
on her cash contributions like interest on pre-judgment sums owing, where a
plaintiff is compensated for losing the opportunity to use the owed sum by
being awarded simple interest on the sum at the rate of 5.33% per annum.

51 I therefore vary cl 3(a) as follows: “Parties shall sell the flat located
at [xxx] within 6 months. Upon sale, the proceeds of sale shall be used to
repay any outstanding mortgage, and thereafter to repay any sum either party
has paid towards the purchase of the flat, into the parties’ respective CPF
accounts with accrued interest to CPF as applicable where such payment has
been made out of CPF moneys, and into the parties’ respective bank accounts
with simple interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum where such payment has
been made in cash. The balance sum, after paying for the cost and expenses of
the sale, shall be divided equally between the parties.”

Equitable accounting

52 Finally, on the issue of whether and how cl 3(a) should be varied, the
parties rely on the doctrine of equitable accounting. Their arguments raise an
issue of law, namely, the relationship between the doctrine of equitable
accounting and the law on varying an order for the division of matrimonial
assets under s 112(4) of the Charter. The issue does not affect my conclusions
on unworkability and I deal with it here only for completeness.

53 The doctrine of equitable accounting was examined by the Court of Appeal in
Su Emmanuel v Emmanuel Priya Ethel Anne and another [2016] 3 SLR 1222 (“Su
Emmanuel”). The doctrine was described by the Court of Appeal as a “tool for
retrospective adjustment” and, more generally, a process by which the
financial burdens and benefits of land shared by co-owners are adjusted
between them: Su Emmanuel at [94] and [96], citing Snell’s Equity (John McGhee
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 33rd Ed, 2015) at para 20-080. One of the
circumstances in which a plaintiff may call the doctrine to aid is where he
and the defendant have a common understanding on the extent to which each of
them is to contribute to mortgage repayments in respect of a property. If the
plaintiff repays more of the mortgage than was initially envisaged, such that
the parties’ common understanding is materially departed from, then equitable
accounting may be brought into play to refund to the plaintiff the value of
his contributions when the property is sold: see Su Emmanuel at [105]. This
was what happened in Su Emmanuel. In that case, the plaintiff applied for the
sale of a property in which she had a registered 49% share, and for a
declaration that she had a beneficial interest of 70% in the property on the
basis of a resulting trust or a common intention constructive trust. The court
upheld the sale ordered below but did not find any trust. However, the court
applied the doctrine of equitable accounting and held that the plaintiff was
entitled to a sum from the proceeds of sale as refund for the mortgage
repayments she had made on behalf of the defendant, who was a 50% owner of the
property.

54 In the present case, the appellant essentially argues that the doctrine of
equitable accounting may be invoked as a reason to regard an order on the
division of matrimonial assets as unworkable and thus eligible to be varied.
42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at paras 12, 13, 23 and 25.

Thus, she submits that there has been a departure from the common
understanding between the parties in November 2011 because the respondent has
failed to discharge his responsibility for repaying the mortgage. The
respondent, in contradistinction, suggests that the alleged availability of
the remedy of equitable accounting to the appellant is a reason not to vary cl
3(a) in this case. That is because the appellant may invoke that remedy after
the flat is sold to recover the contributions in cash she made towards
repaying the mortgage. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Respondent’s Supplementary Submissions dated 24 August 2017 at para 16.

55 What is common to both arguments is that the availability of the doctrine
of equitable accounting is relied upon as a reason for saying that cl 3(a) is
unworkable or not unworkable. Both arguments adopt this common premise but
reach opposite conclusions. Thus, the appellant’s argument is essentially that
because the requirements for equitable accounting are made out, it follows
that cl 3(a) is purposively unworkable. The respondent’s argument is
essentially that because the requirements for equitable accounting are or may
be made out, the appellant has an available remedy in that doctrine to which
she may have recourse, and therefore cl 3(a) cannot be regarded as purposively
unworkable.

56 I do not agree with both arguments, for three reasons. First, I reject the
common premise behind both arguments for the simple reason that I have found
that there was no common understanding between parties that the respondent was
to be solely responsible for the mortgage repayments until 2021: see [35]
above. This finding is sufficient to dismiss both sides’ arguments on
equitable accounting.

57 Second, even if the doctrine of equitable accounting were available to the
appellant, that would not be a sufficient reason for denying the unworkability
of an order which has otherwise been objectively established. Where
unworkability has been established, the court is empowered to and ought to
exercise its discretion to make the order workable.

58 Third, the doctrine of equitable accounting and the remedy of variation
under s 112(4) of the Charter have different purposes. Equitable accounting is
fundamentally an ex post accounting exercise by which the court adjusts the
financial burdens and benefits of land shared by co-owners. By contrast,
varying an order under s 112(4) concerns adjusting an order which was made to
resolve equitably the breakdown of a marriage in a manner which helps the
parties move forward in life. Thus, the considerations relevant to the
analysis for each remedy are qualitatively different, even if they may overlap
conceptually in some respects. This suggests that establishing the
availability of one remedy ought not to entail any conclusion in respect of
the availability of the other.

Issue 2: Charge on CPF moneys

59 I turn now to the second issue. The appellant asks me to impose a charge on
$89,100 of the respondent’s CPF moneys, corresponding to the value of his
arrears in maintenance payable to the appellant, so that part or all of this
sum may be paid out to the appellant upon the respondent’s reaching the
retirement age of 55. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 31.

For this contention, the appellant relies on the Court of Appeal’s decision in
Central Provident Fund Board v Lau Eng Mui [1995] 2 SLR(R) 826 (“Lau Eng Mui”)
for the proposition that a court may impose a charge on CPF moneys, which
would supposedly “have the effect of vesting an in rem proprietary interest on
the other spouse”, 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 31.

that is, the party seeking the imposition of the charge, in the amount under
the charge.

60 This submission is based on a misreading of Lau Eng Mui. In that case, the
Court of Appeal decided that where a court has made an order under what was
then s 106 (and is today s 112) of the Charter dividing one spouse’s CPF
moneys between the spouses, it may impose a charge on the CPF moneys
apportioned to the other spouse to protect her proprietary interest in them.
Significantly, the court made it clear at [22] and [28] that it was the order
under s 106, and not the charge itself, which gave the other spouse a
proprietary interest in the CPF moneys. The charge in Lau Eng Mui was simply a
method of protecting a pre-existing proprietary interest, not creating one.
That is why the charge imposed was not regarded by the court as a prohibited
assignment, transfer, attachment, sequestration or levy within the meaning of
s 25(1) of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 1991 Rev Ed), the substance
of which has been retained in s 24(2) of the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap
36, 2013 Rev Ed) (“the CPF Act”).

61 It is clear, therefore, that the appellant can derive no assistance from
Lau Eng Mui because she is asking me to impose a charge on the respondent’s
CPF moneys when she has no pre-existing proprietary interest in it. Her
submission puts the proverbial cart before the horse. The respondent’s
maintenance liability confers on the appellant no proprietary interest in his
CPF moneys: Lau Eng Mui at [25], after citing Central Electricity Board v
Govindamal [1965] 2 MLJ 153 at 154. A charge of the kind she asks me to impose
is akin to a process of execution in respect of a debt and is a prohibited
transaction under s 24(2) of the CPF Act: see Lau Eng Mui at [22]–[25] and
[28].

62 In my judgment, the appellant must fail on the second issue. The Charter
provides under s 121(1) that arrears of maintenance are recoverable and
provable against the defaulter in a civil action. Now that the appellant has
agreed to an immediate sale of the flat, there will be other measures
available to her arising from the proceeds available after sale too.

Issue 3: Variation of maintenance order

63 I turn to the final issue. I first note that the respondent applied to
reduce the amount payable under the maintenance order on the footing of
various reasons. Among the reasons not accepted by the district judge as a
ground for variation are the respondent’s reduced income as a result of being
employed part-time for a period and the fact that the appellant, who is now
60, is now earning an income. The respondent does not appeal against those
aspects of the district judge’s decision on the maintenance order. Her
decision rests on the fact that the parties’ two older children have reached
the age of majority. And it is this aspect of her decision that the appellant
has appealed against. Hence, the issues on the maintenance order are first,
whether the district judge was correct to reduce the monthly sum of
maintenance payable ultimately to $900 and not $1,500 as suggested by the
appellant; and second, whether she was correct to backdate the respondent’s
liability to pay the monthly reduced sums of $2,100 and $900 to June 2013 and
June 2014 respectively on the footing of the parties’ two older children
having become financially independent from those months. I address these
questions in sequence.

Reduction of maintenance amount

64 The appellant’s estimate of her current monthly expenses is as follows: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Appellant’s Case dated 17 March 2017 at para 36.

S/No.| Expenses| Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Monthly mortgage in cash| $318  
2| Utilities| $120  
3| Telephone, mobile and internet| $145  
4| Household expenses| $300  
5| Groceries| $200  
6| Town Council| $56  
7| Newspapers| $30  
8| School fees for [youngest child]| $15  
9| Medical| $50  
10| Transport for [youngest child]| $80  
11| Pocket money for [youngest child]| $150  
Total| $1,464  
  
65 It is useful to contrast this estimate with her estimate of her monthly
expenses at the time cl 3(b) was agreed upon, that is, in November 2011, when
her two older children were still living with her: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 193 at para 70.

S/No.| Expenses| Amount  
---|---|---  
1| Monthly mortgage in cash| $318  
2| Utilities| $120  
3| Telephone, mobile and internet| $145  
4| Household expenses| $300  
5| Groceries| $200  
6| Town Council| $56  
7| Newspapers| $30  
8| School fees for youngest child| $15  
9| Medical| $50  
10| University school fees for [second child]| $600  
11| Food and transport for [second child]| $300  
12| Food and transport for [first child]| $300  
13| Food and transport for [youngest child]| $80  
14| Pocket money for [youngest child]| $150  
Total| $2,664  
  
66 Comparing the two tables, it is at once easy to see why the district judge
did not reduce the maintenance sum only to $1,500 as the appellant had asked.
The only difference between the two tables are Items 10 to 14, which relate to
expenses the appellant incurred in respect of her two older children. These
items of expenditure were removed, correctly, in the current estimate, since
those children are no longer living with their mother, nor are they being
provided for by her. Notably, however, the appellant has proposed no change in
the sums under Items 1 to 9. The sums in Items 1 to 7 are of particular
relevance here because they together represent household expenses estimated on
the basis that the appellant was to be taking care of all three children. Now
that two of them have left, there is no reason for those sums to remain the
same. That is why the district judge reduced them by pro-rating them to arrive
at the figure of $900, which she regarded as a reasonable figure for the
maintenance of the appellant and the parties’ youngest child. In my view, this
was a sensible adjustment.

67 I therefore see no reason to differ from the district judge on this point.
She balanced the demands of the appellant’s needs against the demands of the
respondent’s new family. She did not give weight to the respondent’s change in
income level, as that occurred sometime before his application to vary cl
3(b). (He is now earning about net $2,800 per month, compared to the $3,500 to
$4,000 he was earning at the time of the divorce. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Record of Appeal dated 17 March 2017, p 127 at para 15.

) And she did not give weight to the appellant’s ability to earn an income as
she was a full-time housewife for many years and is now 60 years of age. She
was focused on what the appellant needed and what the respondent could
reasonably provide. Accordingly, her decision to reduce the maintenance
payable to $900 every month should stand.

Backdating of reduced maintenance liability

68 It is well-established that a court varying a maintenance order under s 118
of the Charter has the power to backdate the variation and in so doing give it
retrospective effect. Effectively, then, this means that the court has the
power to remit maintenance arrears which have already fallen due: see
MacDonald v MacDonald [1963] 2 All ER 857 at 859C–D. In AXM v AXO [2014] 2 SLR
705, which the parties have cited, the Court of Appeal said at [26]:

… [S]ince a maintenance order (whether made pursuant to ss 113(a) or 113(b))
can be varied or rescinded “at any time”, there is no reason in language,
principle, or logic why the variation of a maintenance order made pursuant to
either limb of s 113 could not be made to apply retrospectively.

[emphasis in original]

69 In such cases, the court has a discretion to meet the justice of the case.
The respondent submits that the district judge did not err in backdating the
variation because not to do so would have unjustly required the respondent to
bear a greater burden than he is obliged to under the law. To make good this
submission, the respondent relies on s 69(5) of the Charter, which provides
that a court shall not order a parent to make payment towards the maintenance
of his child if the child has attained the age of 21 years unless the court is
satisfied that the child has a mental or physical disability; is or will be
serving full-time national service; or is or will be receiving further
education. The two older children having graduated and become financially
independent in June 2013 and June 2014 respectively, they would not have been
entitled at law from those months onwards each to receive payment from the
respondent towards their maintenance. Accordingly, it is only right that the
variation effected by the district judge is backdated to achieve what would
have been the position required by s 69(5) of the Charter.

70 I accept this argument. In my view, giving effect to the policy of the
Charter is clearly a good reason to exercise the discretion under s 118 of the
Charter to backdate a variation. The fact is that after her two older children
became financially independent, the appellant no longer needed to incur
substantial costs supporting them and the respondent no longer had any
responsibility to maintain them. I therefore decline to interfere with the
district judge’s decision to backdate the respondent’s liability to pay the
reduced monthly sums of $2,100 and $900 to June 2013 and June 2014
respectively on the basis that the parties’ two older children became
financially independent from those months.

Conclusion

71 Accordingly, the appellant’s appeal is allowed in part. Clause 3(a) is to
be varied in the terms I have stated at [51] above. I shall hear the parties
on costs.

Valerie Thean  
Judge

Andrew Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the appellant;  
Cherissa Tan (Dorothy Chai and Mary Ong Law Practice) for the defendant;  
Ng Tee Tze, Allen (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) as Young Amicus Curiae.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

