Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the FAMILY JUSTICE COURTS of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCF 22

Originating Summons (Family) No 101 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 10 of 2017)

Between

| UFM  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| UFN  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Family law] — [Ancillary powers of court] — [Financial relief after foreign
divorce]

[Statutory interpretation] — [Construction of statute] — [Purposive approach]

[Conflict of laws] — [Natural forum]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
UFM

  

v

  

UFN

[2017] SGHCF 22

High Court Family — Originating Summons (Family) No 101 of 2016 (Registrar’s
Appeal No 10 of 2017)  
Valerie Thean JC  
6 July 2017

22 September 2017 Judgment reserved.

Valerie Thean JC:

1 In November 2011, Parliament grafted onto Part X of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) a set of provisions titled Chapter 4A, which gives the
courts a new power to grant financial relief to a person who has obtained a
divorce in a foreign jurisdiction. This appeal raises a question of principle
as to the role, if any, of the doctrine of natural forum and the concept of
exhausting foreign remedies in the interpretation and application of Chapter
4A. The appeal arises from a divorce between the parties in Indonesia, where
the wife was granted sole custody of their three children and also an order
for child maintenance. Without first seeking a division of their matrimonial
property in that jurisdiction from her former husband, she applied under
Chapter 4A seeking a division of a property situated in Singapore which the
parties jointly own. A Family Court did not grant her leave to pursue her
application, and she now appeals against that decision.

2 Having considered the parties’ submissions and the deponents’ evidence, I
find that the wife has demonstrated substantial ground under s 121D of the
Charter for her application for financial relief. I therefore allow her appeal
and grant her leave to proceed with her application.

Background

3 The husband and the wife are Indonesian citizens and Singapore Permanent
Residents. They met in 1993 and married in 1995. They have two daughters and a
son who are aged 20, 16 and eight respectively.

4 In October 2012, the wife filed criminal charges against the husband
alleging that he had subjected her and their children to physical and sexual
abuse. In July 2013, the West Jakarta District Court convicted him on
indictments for physical violence in the household against the wife and for
procuring a child to an obscene act. He was sentenced to three years and six
months’ imprisonment and fined IDR100m (approximately $10,000). 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at pp 170 to 171.

The Jakarta High Court in January 2014 dismissed his appeal against his
conviction and enhanced his sentence to four years and six months’
imprisonment. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at pp 213 to 214.

Instead of serving his sentence, the husband has remained in Singapore since
2013, residing in a condominium apartment referred to in these proceedings as
the Seaview Property. The husband contends that he was convicted on hoax
charges.

5 In parallel with these criminal proceedings, the wife obtained a divorce in
June 2013 from the West Jakarta District Court, which granted her sole custody
of their three children and ordered the husband to pay her maintenance for
their children in the sum of IDR50m (approximately $5,000) every month. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at pp 263 to 264.

The husband appealed that decision to the Jakarta High Court, which in April
2014 upheld the grant of divorce but revised the amount of maintenance payable
by the husband from IDR50m to IDR22.5m (approximately $2,300) every month. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at pp 288 to 289.

The latter figure comprised IDR7.5m for each of the three children. The
Supreme Court of Indonesia in August 2015 dismissed entirely the husband’s
appeal against the High Court’s decision. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part B at pp 49 to 50.

The Indonesian courts have not made, and neither has the wife applied for, any
ancillary orders following the divorce.

6 In October 2016, the wife sought leave in Singapore to apply for an order
for financial relief under Chapter 4A. She sought financial relief in form of
an order for the sale of the Seaview Property and for the division of the sale
proceeds. Her application was heard and dismissed by a District Judge. The
District Judge was not satisfied that the Indonesian courts would not deal
with the Seaview Property or make any order which would not be enforceable in
Singapore. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Record of Appeal Vol I at p 11D-E.

She considered that any application by the wife for relief would be more
appropriately dealt with in Indonesia first, given that the wife had not filed
any ancillary application in that jurisdiction, and given that the Seaview
Property was but one of a number of matrimonial assets. Dissatisfied, the wife
appealed.

7 The wife’s position on appeal is that she has demonstrated substantial
ground for her application for leave under s 121D(2) of the Charter. She
argues, by reference to the list of factors in s 121F(2), that it is
appropriate for a Singapore court to make the order she seeks. First, the
parties’ marriage enjoy a substantial connection to Singapore. Second, there
is no rule that she must exhaust her remedies in Indonesia before making a
Chapter 4A application. Third, the husband by his fugitive status and failure
to comply with previous maintenance orders, has demonstrated, in her words,
“blatant disregard” 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Wife’s Written Submissions dated 25 May 2017 at para 18.

for the Indonesian courts. He is therefore likely to disobey any Indonesian
financial order, and this amounts to a good reason for seeking financial
relief in Singapore.

8 The husband’s response is that the wife is engaging in forum shopping. He
says that she has applied here to circumvent an Indonesian pre-nuptial
agreement affecting the Seaview Property. He suggests that my analysis should
be guided by various substantive principles in the general law. Thus, he
contends that there exists a rule that a Singapore court must reject a Chapter
4A application if the applicant has not exhausted her remedies in the foreign
jurisdiction which granted the divorce. The wife, having made no attempt to
apply for relief in Indonesia, therefore cannot be allowed to seek relief
here. He also argues that, applying the doctrine of natural forum in
conjunction with the factors in s 121F(2), Singapore is not the appropriate
forum to entertain the wife’s application for financial relief. He also denies
being in breach of his maintenance obligations. Finally, he argues that a
Singapore court is precluded from dealing with the Seaview Property in
isolation from the other matrimonial assets.

Issues

9 The facts of this case and the differences in the parties’ submissions raise
two main issues of principle. The first is whether the doctrine of natural
forum has any role to play in the interpretation and application of Chapter
4A, especially s 121F. The second is whether it is a pre-requisite for an
applicant seeking leave or relief under Chapter 4A to exhaust his remedies in
the foreign jurisdiction which granted his divorce, having regard in
particular to s 121F(2)(h). Although Chapter 4A is a statutory regime, these
two issues have not been framed or argued as typical questions of statutory
interpretation. By this I mean that the issues do not invite the court to
render an interpretation of a particular statutory provision or a part of a
provision. Instead, they invite consideration of whether certain sets of
principles, such as the doctrine of natural forum and the requirement to
exhaust foreign remedies, ought to apply alongside the text of Chapter 4A, and
if so, how. After considering these issues, I must assess whether the wife has
demonstrated substantial ground for her application.

10 In brief, my view is that the Chapter 4A analysis does not attract the
application of any free-standing common law concepts or principles. This
conclusion follows from the simple fact that Chapter 4A is a statutory regime.
The proper approach is to apply Chapter 4A with careful attention to its text,
in the light of its statutory purpose and the purpose of its component
provisions. Taking this approach, I find that the wife has demonstrated
substantial ground for her application under s 121D(2), which justifies my
granting her leave for her application to proceed.

11 My view is informed by a recognition that natural forum and exhausting
foreign remedies are in fact central to the design of Chapter 4A. That design
informs the purpose of Chapter 4A and its provisions, which in turn affects
their application. It is therefore necessary first to examine the purpose and
design of Chapter 4A through close attention to its text and structure. Under
this analysis, the purpose of s 121F and its catalogue of factors will come to
light, and so will their relationship with the doctrine of natural forum. This
in turn will shape my examination of the merits of the wife’s application for
leave, which will involve an assessment of whether she has demonstrated
substantial ground for her application. I will deal in that context with the
husband’s specific contentions on forum shopping and the need to exhaust
foreign remedies.

Purpose and design of Chapter 4A

12 The starting point for determining the legislative purpose of a provision
or set of provisions is its text interpreted in its textual context. If a
provision is well-drafted, its purpose will emanate from the words in which it
is formed: Attorney-General v Ting Choon Meng and another appeal [2017] 1 SLR
373 (“Ting Choon Meng”) at [57]. The text of a provision is an essential guide
to the proper formulation of its legislative purpose, which can be framed at
different levels of generality. Having analysed the text, the court may then
refer to extraneous materials, if they assist the court to ascertain the
meaning of the provision: see s 9A(2) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed) (“IA”) and Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General [2017] SGCA 50 (“Tan
Cheng Bock (CA)”) at [42] to [54].

13 Also important is the distinction between the specific purpose underlying a
particular provision and the general purpose or purposes underlying the
statute as a whole or the relevant part of the statute: Tan Cheng Bock (CA) at
[40]. This distinction is applicable here as between the Charter and Chapter
4A, and as between Chapter 4A and its constituent provisions, including s
121F, whose specific purpose is of particular significance in this case. This
is especially because Chapter 4A is a subsequent addition to the Charter and
was intended to create a new type of proceeding. Bearing in mind these
principles, I turn to consider the purpose and design of Chapter 4A, with a
focus on its text and structure.

Text of the provisions

14 Chapter 4A creates a new type of proceeding which, if successfully brought
by an applicant who has been divorced overseas, will result in his obtaining
an order for financial relief. Concerning the form of such relief, s 121G(1)
permits a division of matrimonial assets under s 112, an order for spousal
maintenance under s 113 or an order for the maintenance of children under s
127(1), “in the like manner as if” a divorce, nullity or judicial separation
in respect of the marriage had been granted in Singapore. Sections 121G(1) and
121G(2) import into the Chapter 4A regime such concepts as the “just and
equitable” division of assets in s 112(1) and the list of factors in s 114(1)
for determining the amount of maintenance to be paid, making clear that
Singapore law governs the reliefs to be granted.

15 It follows, then, that persons who are entitled to such relief must be
persons to whom the Singapore courts have an interest in extending its
remedies. The scope of that interest is delineated in a number of ways. The
first is a jurisdictional requirement, under s 121C, based on domicile or
habitual residence for a minimum period on the part of one of the parties to
the marriage. The second is a leave requirement, under s 121D, which requires
an applicant who has met any of the jurisdictional criteria in s 121C to
obtain leave before his application can be heard. Leave may only be granted if
the court considers that there is “substantial ground for the making of an
application” for financial relief: s 121D(2). It is plain from these words
that the establishment of “substantial ground” is directed to the entirety of
the application. So the court must, applying that preliminary standard of
scrutiny, assess the merits of the application before it grants leave.

16 How are those merits to be assessed, according to the Charter? The answer
may be found in the criteria which Chapter 4A requires the court to apply –
apart from those relating to jurisdiction in s 121C, since jurisdiction is by
this stage established – before granting an order for financial relief. One
set of criteria, which I have mentioned, is to be found in the provisions in
the Charter expressly incorporated into Chapter 4A by s 121G, ie, ss 112, 113
and 127(1). These provisions concern the circumstances in which ancillary
relief should be granted, and they will be relevant to evaluating the
availability and propriety of the type of relief which the applicant seeks.
The second set of criteria is to be found in s 121F, which imposes a duty on
the court to consider whether in all the circumstances of the case it would be
appropriate for an order for financial relief to be made by a court in
Singapore.

17 The analysis under this second set of criteria is to be guided by the
concept of what is “appropriate” for the purposes of s 121F(1). The meaning of
that word is clearly not to be determined by any extra-statutory principle
such as the doctrine of natural forum, but by the text of s 121F itself. In
this regard, s 121F(2) catalogues nine matters or factors to which the court
must have “particular” regard in exercising its duty under s 121F(1). Those
nine factors are therefore the principal guide to what is meant by the
appropriateness of an order being made by a Singapore court for the purposes
of s 121F(1). They are as follows:

(a) the connection which the parties to the marriage have with Singapore;

(b) the connection which those parties have with the country in which the
marriage was dissolved or annulled or in which judicial separation was
obtained;

(c) the connection which those parties have with any other foreign country;

(d) any financial benefit which the applicant or a child of the marriage has
received, or is likely to receive, in consequence of the divorce, annulment or
judicial separation, by virtue of any agreement or the operation of the law of
a foreign country;

(e) in a case where an order has been made by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a foreign country requiring the other party to the marriage to
make any payment or transfer any property for the benefit of the applicant or
a child of the marriage, the financial relief by the order and the extent to
which the order has been complied with or is likely to be complied with;

(f) any right which the applicant has, or has had, to apply for financial
relief from the other party to the marriage under the law of any foreign
country, and if the applicant has omitted to exercise that right, the reason
for that omission;

(g) the availability in Singapore of any matrimonial asset in respect of which
an order made under section 121G in favour of an applicant could be made;

(h) the extent to which any order made under section 121G is likely to be
enforceable; and

(i) the length of time which has elapsed since the date of the divorce,
annulment or judicial separation.

18 Factors (a) to (c) help the court assess the degree of connection which the
parties to the marriage have to Singapore – whose courts are being asked to
grant relief – relative to their connections with the jurisdiction which
granted their divorce and to any other jurisdiction. The analysis is
necessarily comparative in nature. And it allows the court to go beyond the
jurisdictional requirements in s 121C to ascertain, apart from and in addition
to domicile and habitual residence, how closely the parties are connected to
Singapore. Taken together, s 121C and factors (a) to (c) help the court ensure
that it is extending a remedy to an applicant to whom Singapore has an
interest in extending its remedies. The corollary goal of these provisions,
highlighted especially by the comparative analysis necessitated by
consideration of factors (b) and (c), is to preserve a measure of respect for
the comity of nations in the Chapter 4A exercise. The practical effect is that
the stronger the parties’ connection to Singapore, the more ready the courts
will be to grant relief.

19 Factors (d) to (f) embody at least three connected concerns: the fairness
of any foreign relief which the applicant has obtained or is likely to obtain,
the practical effectiveness of that relief, and the reason the applicant has
made an application in Singapore. On the first concern, factors (d) to (f)
direct the court’s attention to relief which is received “in consequence of
the divorce” (factor (d)), which is “given by the order” made by the foreign
court in relation to the other party to the marriage (factor (e)), and which
the applicant may seek from that party elsewhere (factor (f)). The focus in
these factors is on identifying the nature and extent of any foreign relief
obtained by or available to the applicant consequent on his foreign divorce.
This suggests that the court should be concerned about the fairness of that
relief.

20 Even if the foreign relief is fair, however, it may not be practically
effective. That is why factor (e) invites the question whether any order for
financial relief made by a foreign court consequent on the divorce “has been
complied with or is likely to be complied with”. Clearly, if the party against
whom the foreign order has been made refuses to comply, then the other party
would effectively have no relief even if fair relief has been granted by the
foreign court.

21 Factor (f) invites the court to consider the reason for the applicant’s
decision not to apply for financial relief in any foreign jurisdiction in the
event that he has a right to do so. One such reason, suggested by the text of
factor (f) itself in the words “has had”, is that he has lost that right, in
which case the court should inquire into the reason for that loss. The
corollary purpose of the inquiry under factor (f) is to assess the true
purpose of the applicant’s choice of Singapore as the forum in which he has
sought financial relief. I elaborate on how the court should make that
assessment at [61] to [73] below, as it is a central aspect of this case.

22 Next, factors (g) and (h) share the common and practical concern of whether
an order for financial relief would be enforceable. Factor (g) makes relevant
the existence in Singapore of any matrimonial asset, on which a Singapore
court order would be readily enforceable. Notably, factor (h) does not
restrict the concern to whether the order would be enforceable in Singapore,
implying that the court should consider instead whether a Singapore order
would be enforceable, wherever it would need to be enforced.

23 Lastly, factor (i) refers to the lapse of time since the foreign divorce.
The reason for delay will of course be relevant. While there is no limitation
period on the right to bring an application for financial relief, the parties’
expectations of finality in their proceedings for divorce deserve reasonable
protection, and factor (i) calls attention to this concern.

24 Having regard to the catalogue of factors under s 121F(2), I consider that
the concept of appropriateness under s 121F(1) cannot be reduced to any single
concern. It is a multi-faceted concept which requires the court to pay close
attention to the facts and consider whether it would be appropriate for a
court in Singapore to grant the relief sought by the applicant, having weighed
a number of incommensurable concerns. These include the connection of the
parties to Singapore; the comity of nations; the fairness, efficacy and
availability of any foreign relief to the applicant in consequence of the
divorce; the reason for the applicant’s choice of Singapore as a forum for
relief; the enforceability of any order for financial relief a Singapore court
may make; and the need to ensure a degree of finality in litigation.

25 Therefore, as far as I can discern from the text of Chapter 4A, its
statutory purpose is to provide financial relief consequent on foreign
matrimonial proceedings for a party to those proceedings who has a genuine
connection to Singapore and for whom seeking such relief from the other party
in any foreign jurisdiction would be unfair or impractical, or has led to an
unfair or impractical remedy. In this context, the specific purpose of s 121F
is to ensure that the court grants relief only if it would be appropriate for
a Singapore court to do so. I hasten to emphasise that these purposes are not
to be used as legal tests for determining whether leave or relief should be
granted. Instead, the court should assess the application by carefully
applying the text of the provisions in the light of their legislative purpose.

Extraneous materials

26 My view on the purpose and design of Chapter 4A is reinforced by the
relevant extraneous material. In this case, the record of Parliamentary
debates on the Bill containing the Chapter 4A is instructive: see ss 9A(3)(c)
and 9A(3)(d) of the IA. In referring to it, I bear in mind the principle that
only statements in the debate which are clear and unequivocal are of real use,
especially those which disclose the mischief targeted by the legislation: Tan
Cheng Bock (CA) ([13] supra) at [52]. Beside the debates, I refer also to the
history of Chapter 4A, considering that the history of a statutory provision
generally illuminates its context, which in turn assists in fixing the meaning
of its text and in illustrating its purpose: Commissioner of Taxation v
Consolidated Media Holdings Ltd [2012] HCA 55 at [39]; see also PP v Lee Sze
Yong [2017] 3 SLR 533 at [59] to [64]. Extraneous material on that history,
including foreign legislation and law reform reports, fall within the ambit of
s 9A(2) of the IA and may also be consulted by the court to the degree that
they shed light on the purpose of the statute or provision in question: see
Ting Choon Meng ([12] supra) at [63] and Tan Cheng Bock v Attorney-General
[2017] SGHC 160 at [69] to [71].

Minister’s speech

27 The Minister’s speech in Parliament on the second reading of the Bill
containing Chapter 4A contains unequivocal statements which illuminate Chapter
4A’s purpose and the mischief it was intended to address. The Minister
explained that Chapter 4A was intended to “plug an existing gap”: Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (10 January 2011) vol 87 (“Chapter 4A
Debate”) at cols 2048 to 2049 (Vivian Balakrishnan, Minister for Community
Development, Youth and Sports). The gap is that before Chapter 4A entered into
force, a person who was divorced in a foreign jurisdiction could not obtain
ancillary relief in Singapore because upon recognition of his foreign divorce,
a Singapore court would no longer have matrimonial jurisdiction to make
ancillary orders. The court therefore had no power to alleviate any injustice
arising from any unfairness in the foreign relief (or absence of such relief)
granted in the foreign jurisdiction in which the parties were divorced.

28 The Minister said that the new Chapter 4A “will help those who are made
vulnerable by foreign divorces and who have a relevant connection to Singapore
to seek relief”: Chapter 4A Debate at col 2049. The Minister’s mention of
vulnerability suggests that the court will give weight to the personal needs
of the applicant, as I have suggested at [19] above. Separately, the
Minister’s speaking of “a relevant connection” to Singapore underlines the
importance of establishing a genuine connection to this country. It is
important to note that nothing in the text of Chapter 4A and in the Minister’s
speech says that Singapore must be the jurisdiction to which the applicant has
“the most” relevant connection. This is sensible because the provision of
relief consequent on a foreign divorce is premised on the idea that in a
globalised world, an applicant may have connections with various
jurisdictions, any of which may be better placed to make ancillary orders
compared to the jurisdiction which granted her divorce. I elaborate on this
further at [36] below.

History of Part III and Chapter 4A

29 My view on the purpose and design of Chapter 4A is further reinforced by
its history. In the 1970s, a lacuna in English law similar to the “gap” I have
referred to above at [27] was revealed by a series of cases in which a wife
who was divorced overseas and was given no financial provision there had no
remedy in England: Turczak v Turczak [1970] P 198; Torok v Torok [1973] 1 WLR
1066. So in 1980, the Law Commission in a Working Paper proposed to create a
new power for the courts to make a financial order following a foreign
divorce: United Kingdom, The Law Commission, Family Law: Financial Relief
after Foreign Divorce (Working Paper No 77, 1980) (Chairman: The Honourable Mr
Justice Kerr) (“1980 Working Paper”). The Commission knew that this new remedy
had to be “carefully balanced” against the risks of “forum-shopping”, which it
understood to be “the risk that litigants with little or no real connection
with this country would start proceedings here solely because they would be
likely to find it financially advantageous to do so”: 1980 Working Paper at
para 22.

30 The Commission therefore proposed two cumulative levels of restrictions on
the court’s power to make a financial order. The first consisted in the rules
of jurisdiction, which were intended to be analogous to the jurisdictional
rules in divorce proceedings. As a result, a test of domicile or habitual
residency (of a minimal period) was proposed. The second was a requirement to
obtain leave, which the court would have a “flexible discretion” to grant
after taking into account a non-exhaustive set of factors. The discretion was
intended as an “additional filter” to keep out unmeritorious applicants, who
satisfied the jurisdictional criteria, in a way that “avoid[ed] imposing on
the courts insoluble problems of policy”: 1980 Working Paper at para 47. The
idea appears to be that the set of factors would capture the applicable policy
considerations underpinning the need for this filter, and the courts had
simply to take those factors into account in exercising the discretion. In
addition, the Commission wanted the statute to state expressly that the object
of the discretion was to provide for the “occasional hard case”, and that
relief would be granted only in cases where “serious injustice might arise”:
1980 Working Paper at para 51.

31 The Commission in 1982 then published its final recommendations in a later
report: United Kingdom, The Law Commission, Family Law: Financial Relief After
Foreign Divorce (Law Com No 117, 1982) (Chairman: The Honourable Mr Justice
Ralph Gibson) (“1982 Report”). This report included a draft Bill which put
into statutory form those recommendations. The proposed scheme in the draft
Bill was largely similar to the original proposal in the 1980 Working Paper,
differing only in two respects. First, the test for leave was now whether
“substantial ground” had been made out. Second, the 1982 Report did not follow
through on the idea of providing expressly that the object of the discretion
was to provide only for the “occasional hard case”. What was expressly
provided instead was a longer list of non-exhaustive factors to be considered
under the discretion, which was to be exercised for the purpose of determining
whether it was appropriate for a financial order to be made by a court in
England and Wales: 1982 Report at pp 28 and 30. This proposal appeared as cl 5
of the draft Bill, which became s 16 under Part III of the Matrimonial and
Family Proceedings Act 1984 (c 42) (UK) (“the 1984 Act”). This section is
identical in wording to s 121F of the Charter.

32 It was not until 2010 that the Part III provisions were considered by the
UK’s highest court in Agbaje v Agbaje [2010] 1 AC 628 (“Agbaje”). One of the
issues was the role of the doctrine of natural forum in the Part III analysis.
Lord Collins of Mapesbury, writing for the UK Supreme Court, held that the
issue whether it is appropriate for an order to be made by an English court is
not the same issue as whether England is an appropriate venue for the purposes
of the doctrine of natural forum. His Lordship gave two reasons for this.
First, the doctrine of natural forum was only in its infancy in the early
1980s at the time Part III was being proposed: Agbaje at [46]. The leading
case on the doctrine was decided only in 1987 in Spiliada Maritime Corpn v
Cansulex Ltd [1987] AC 460 (“Spiliada”) and applied to stays of English
matrimonial proceedings only in 1988 in de Dampierre v de Dampierre [1988] AC
92. So the doctrine could not have had a role in the design of Part III. No
mention of it is to be found in the 1980 Working Paper and the 1982 Report. It
will, however, be seen that this aspect of Lord Collins’s reasoning does not
apply to the Chapter 4A regime.

33 Second and more importantly, the doctrine of natural forum was developed to
deal with cases in which it was necessary to decide which of two jurisdictions
was the appropriate one in which proceedings were to be brought, whereas the
whole basis of Part III was that it may be appropriate for two jurisdictions
to be involved, one for the divorce and one for ancillary relief: Agbaje at
[49]; see [28] above. In other words, cl 5 of the draft Bill and s 16 of the
1984 Act did not purport to impose a statutory forum non conveniens test. It
is therefore unsurprising that, in the present case, the wife places great
reliance on this aspect of Lord Collins’s reasoning in Agbaje in urging me to
find that the doctrine of natural forum has no application in the Chapter 4A
analysis.

34 In 2009, the Law Reform Committee (“LRC”) of the Singapore Academy of Law
proposed amending the Charter to create a new remedy closely modelled after
Part III of the 1984 Act. That year, it published its proposal in a report:
Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, Report of the Law Reform
Committee on Ancillary Orders after Foreign Divorce or Annulment (July 2009)
(“LRC Report”). What is significant, for present purposes, is that unlike the
Commission, the LRC in its report expressly took the view that considerations
underlying the doctrine of natural forum were important and did not need to be
sacrificed by the creation of the new remedy: LRC Report at para 38. The LRC
said that proposed catalogue of factors under s 121F(2) were “consistent with
the doctrine of natural forum”: LRC Report at para 64. Therefore, Lord
Collins’s first observation in Agbaje that the doctrine of natural forum did
not feature in the design of Part III cannot apply to Chapter 4A. The doctrine
of natural forum was no longer in its infancy in 2009, and the LRC took it
into account.

35 It is equally clear, on the other hand, that the LRC did not intend for the
doctrine of natural forum to apply as a free-standing principle in the Chapter
4A exercise. First, the LRC did not see the need to modify the substance of
the factors in s 16(2) of the 1984 Act. Thus, the factors in s 121F(2) are
identical to those in s 16(2) and also to those in cl 5 of the draft Bill in
the 1982 Report. Second, no other part of Chapter 4A mentions the concept of
natural forum. Third, it is clear from the plain text of s 121F(2) that the
concerns of natural forum are, if anything, held in the balance with policy
considerations specific to the context of granting financial relief consequent
on a foreign divorce. Those considerations include ensuring finality of
litigation, preventing any abuse of process, and correcting for unfairness in
any ancillary financial provisions obtained in a foreign jurisdiction. By
retaining the substance of cl 5 of the draft Bill and s 16(2) of the 1984 Act,
the LRC must have considered that a faithful application of the factors in s
121F(2) was sufficient to achieve an outcome which was just in the light of
these varied considerations among which there is no statutory hierarchy.

36 It is therefore clear from the text and history of Chapter 4A that its
drafters recognised that injustice may arise should only one forum, ie, the
forum of divorce, be allowed to address any and all ancillary matters.
Accordingly, in line with Lord Collins’s second observation (see [33] above),
Chapter 4A’s very premise is that it may be appropriate for more than one
forum to be involved. In this regard, Chapter 4A may be regarded as
representing a broader philosophy of diversifying the concept of appropriate
forum in order to respond to the needs of justice presented by the varied
consequences of familial breakdown in a globalised world. Thus, the Chapter 4A
test for appropriate forum, embodied in s 121F, applies only to the specific
ancillary context of financial relief. Issues of custody, on the other hand,
are thought to demand their own set of considerations for the purpose of
deciding questions of appropriate forum, considerations such as those defined
by a child’s habitual residence, subject to defined exceptions: see eg, the
Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction (25 October
1980), (entered into force 1 December 1983), which Singapore acceded to on 28
December 2010. The point is that these concepts of appropriateness address
specific concerns arising in the family context. They are therefore not co-
extensive with the doctrine of natural forum even though they share with it
similar policy considerations, including the interest in maintaining the
comity of nations and the need to prevent the abuse of process.

37 The upshot of this analysis is that the court, in the Chapter 4A exercise,
should apply faithfully the provisions of the statute without regard to free-
standing principles, lest the court overestimates concerns which are marginal
to the purpose of Chapter 4A or underestimates concerns which are cardinal to
it. The proper approach to Chapter 4A is to undertake in each case a “careful
application” of the provisions of the statute in the light of its statutory
purpose: see Agbaje at [71]. And that purpose is to provide financial relief
consequent on foreign matrimonial proceedings for a party to those proceedings
who has a genuine connection to Singapore and for whom seeking such relief
from the other party in any foreign jurisdiction would be unfair or
impractical, or has led to an unfair or impractical remedy: see [25] above.
This approach is consistent with the approach taken by the High Court in
Harjit Kaur d/o Kulwant Singh v Saroop Singh a/l Amar Singh [2015] 4 SLR 1216
(“Harjit Kaur”). Although that case alludes to such concepts as comity and
natural forum (at [18] to [20]), it does not, as the husband’s submissions
suggest, ascribe these concepts an importance above what the Chapter 4A
provisions already require the court to consider. For the reasons above, it is
inappropriate for me to “evaluate the s 121F(2) factors against the backdrop
of the forum non conveniens principles”, 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at paras 34 to 37.

as the husband urges me to do. I therefore reject the husband’s submission
that the test in Spiliada is applicable in the s 121F analysis.

Proof of substantial ground

38 Substantial ground for the purposes of s 121D(2) means a “solid” case,
“solid” being an expression for a standard higher than a “serious issue to be
tried” or a “good arguable case”: Harjit Kaur at [19], citing with approval
Agbaje at [33]. As I have mentioned at [16] above, the merits of the wife’s
application should be assessed according to the two sets of substantive
criteria in the Chapter 4A provisions. The first, contained in s 121F,
addresses whether it is appropriate for a Singapore court to grant the relief
the applicant seeks; and the second, contained in s 121G, concerns the
availability of the type of relief sought and the propriety of granting it. I
begin with s 121F.

Appropriateness of Singapore court: s 121F

Parties’ connections: ss 121F(2)(a) – 121F(2)(c)

39 Sections 121F(2)(a) to 121F(2)(c) require me to examine the parties’
connection with Singapore, with Indonesia, and with any other foreign country.

40 In this regard, the wife accepts that the “centre of gravity” of the
parties’ marriage is Indonesia. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Wife’s Written Submissions dated 25 May 2017 at para 44.

But she submits that the parties nevertheless have a substantial connection to
Singapore. Her evidence is that she, her husband and their children stayed at
the Seaview Property from 2009 to October 2012. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part F p 107 at para 11.

The husband currently lives in that property and intends to stay in Singapore
for the foreseeable future. The parties’ three children are Permanent
Residents of Singapore, and the husband intends for them to be educated in
Singapore and to live here. The wife refers me to a letter dated 18 February
2012, written by a Father Damian De Wind from a local Catholic church
recommending the parties’ eldest daughter to be enrolled into a secondary
school in Singapore. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part D at p 221.

Father Damian also wrote that the parties’ family had been parishioners of the
church since 1991. He related how the family had recently returned from
Jakarta and noted that the husband and his eldest daughter were preparing to
be involved in various church ministries.

41 The husband, on the other hand, contends that the parties have more
connecting factors with Indonesia. He adopts in his submissions a comparative
analysis of the parties’ connections to Indonesia and Singapore. Citing
Spiliada ([32] supra), BDA v BDB [2013] 1 SLR 607 and JIO Minerals FZC and
others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd [2011] 1 SLR 391, he relies on the doctrine
of natural forum to argue that the parties’ stronger connection with Indonesia
makes Indonesia the appropriate forum and therefore ought to weigh
significantly against granting the wife leave or relief here. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at paras 33 to 38.

He highlights that their marriage was registered and solemnised in Indonesia
in 1995. Their pre-nuptial agreement was also signed in Indonesia that year.
The parties are both Indonesian nationals. He also disputes the wife’s claim
that they lived in Singapore from 2009 to 2012, averring instead that they
resided in Jakarta at all times before the wife initiated divorce proceedings
in that jurisdiction in 2012. And the wife and their children still reside in
Indonesia to this date. All their assets, save for the Seaview Property, are
located in Indonesia. When ancillary matters are dealt with, Indonesian
witnesses will need to be summoned to give evidence.

42 For reasons I have given, I reject the husband’s application of the
Spiliada principles. But I accept that the cradle of the marriage was
Indonesia. The parties’ connection with that jurisdiction is the strongest.
Nevertheless, in the light of my analysis that Singapore need only be an
appropriate jurisdiction and not the most appropriate jurisdiction, I need
only ascertain whether their connection to Singapore is sufficiently
significant in the context of s 121F(2)(a). It is clear that the parties did
not have a transient connection with Singapore. While there is a dispute over
whether the family occupied the Seaview Property for a significant duration,
there is objective evidence in the form of their children’s Permanent Resident
status and Father Damian’s letter that the family has a significant connection
to Singapore. The husband, on his own admission, has lived in Singapore since
2013.

43 In the circumstances, I find that the parties have a significant connection
to Singapore for the purpose of s 121F(2)(a) but a particularly strong
connection to Indonesia for the purpose of s 121F(2)(b). This means that while
there may be sufficient connection for the Singapore court to exercise
jurisdiction, the appropriateness of exercising such jurisdiction would in
this case depend more heavily on the other factors under s 121F(2).

Financial benefit under agreement: s 121F(2)(d)

44 Section 121F(2)(d) requires me to consider any financial benefit which the
applicant is likely to receive by virtue of any agreement. This brings into
issue a pre-nuptial agreement which the parties signed in Indonesia on 6 June
1995. Their dispute over it begins at the most fundamental level: its validity
and effect. The wife’s evidence is that the agreement was prepared without
legal advice, and that even if it were valid, it does not affect the Seaview
Property. The husband takes the opposite position on both points.

45 Accordingly, the husband’s first principal submission on the pre-nuptial
agreement is that Singapore is not the appropriate forum to rule on its
validity and effect, which the Singapore court would have to do if the wife’s
application is allowed to proceed for a hearing on the merits. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 42.

The husband emphasises that the agreement was prepared by Indonesian
solicitors and executed by the parties in Jakarta. So the appropriate method
of recourse for the wife is to apply to set aside the pre-nuptial agreement in
Indonesia. For these points the husband relies on AZS and another v AZR [2013]
3 SLR 700 (“AZS”). The wife’s response to this is that the validity and effect
of the pre-nuptial agreement is simply a matter of proof of foreign law, which
can be easily dealt with by the Singapore courts. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Wife’s Written Submissions dated 25 May 2017 at para 45.

46 In AZS, the husband applied to stay, on the ground of forum non conveniens,
divorce proceedings commenced by the wife in Singapore. The parties were
French nationals resident in Singapore who had signed a pre-nuptial agreement
providing that each spouse was entitled to keep the property that he or she
subsequently acquired. An important reason why the High Court granted the stay
was that the proceedings “really revolved around the pre-nuptial agreement”
(at [17]). Although the pre-nuptial agreement was not expressly governed by
French law, it made numerous references to the French Civil Code, and the wife
was contesting its voluntariness and validity. That fact, together with the
existence of concurrent proceedings in France, made France the more
appropriate forum.

47 I agree with the husband that AZS suggests that the jurisdiction in which a
pre-nuptial agreement is concluded is best-suited to determine its validity
and effect. This is because the witnesses who would be called to establish or
challenge the voluntariness of the agreement, for example, are likely to come
from that jurisdiction. While this is something that I may take into account
under the s 121F analysis, on the facts of the present case, I am nevertheless
persuaded by the wife’s point that it would not be difficult for the validity
and effect of the pre-nuptial agreement to be adjudicated in Singapore. I note
from an English translation of the agreement that unlike the agreement in AZS,
it does not make numerous references to foreign law. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part E at pp 56 to 61.

As long as the parties are afforded the opportunity to provide the Singapore
court with sufficient evidence – both of foreign law and of any relevant
conduct relating to the signing of the agreement – the Singapore court would
be more than competent to assess and decide the validity of the pre-nuptial
agreement. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in TQ v TR and another appeal [2009] 2
SLR(R) 961 undertook such an assessment and held that the agreement in
question was valid under Dutch law after considering the evidence and
surrounding circumstances.

48 Accordingly, the dispute over the effect and validity of the pre-nuptial
agreement does not, in my judgment, make it significantly less appropriate for
the order sought by the wife to be granted by a court in Singapore.

49 The husband’s second principal submission on the pre-nuptial agreement is
that the wife is attempting to circumvent the pre-nuptial agreement through
her Chapter 4A application in Singapore. I will consider this submission below
where I examine the concern of forum shopping in the context of s 121F(2)(f) ,
which is the concern raised by this submission.

Foreign relief: ss 121F(2)(e) and 121F(2)(f)

50 Sections 121F(2)(e) and 121F(2)(f) require me to consider the extent to
which a financial order made by a foreign court is likely to be complied with
and the exercise or non-exercise by the applicant of any right to obtain such
an order.

51 The wife’s central submission, on these factors, is that the husband’s
contumelious disrespect for the Indonesian courts is a good reason for her
decision not to exercise her right to apply in Indonesia for financial relief
and to apply instead in Singapore for such relief. The husband, on the other
hand, says that he has evinced no such disrespect, and in any event, the wife
is obliged to seek relief in Indonesia first before doing so in Singapore.
Accordingly, it is sensible to deal first with the evidence on the husband’s
alleged disrespect towards the Indonesian courts, and then address the issue
of principle as to whether the wife needs to exhaust her remedies in
Indonesia.

(1) Husband’s disrespect towards Indonesian courts

52 First, the wife says that her husband has refused to serve a sentence of
imprisonment which was imposed on him by the Indonesian courts for offences
relating to his physically abusive behaviour towards the wife and their
children. His conviction and sentence have been affirmed by the Jakarta High
Court. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at p 213.

Having travelled to Singapore to evade his sentence in Indonesia, he is now
essentially a fugitive of Indonesia. He has since 2013 refused to step foot in
Indonesia for this reason. He claims that the criminal charges on which he was
convicted and sentenced were “hoax charges” which were “fabricated [by the
wife] to set [him] up and to label [him] as an abusive father who supposedly
ill-treats his own children” in order to support her divorce suit against him.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part F p 193 at para 28.

The wife says that the husband’s view of his criminal convictions demonstrates
his continuing and blatant disrespect towards and contempt for the Indonesian
courts and for any order they would make which is adverse to him.

53 Second, the wife contends that the husband has refused to comply with the
maintenance order made by the Indonesian courts. The husband was first
ordered, in June 2013 by the West Jakarta District Court, to pay his wife
IDR50m (approximately $5,000) on a monthly basis for child support. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at p 266.

This amount was in April 2014 revised to IDR22.5m (approximately $2,300) by
the Jakarta High Court. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at p 289.

The Indonesian Supreme Court upheld the order and the revised figure in August
2015. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part B at p 49.

The wife says that the husband did not pay her any monies from October 2012 to
April 2015, and he therefore failed to comply with the West Jakarta District
Court’s maintenance order, which was upheld by two appellate courts. The wife
also avers that from April 2015 to the present day, the husband has only paid
her IDR300m (approximately $31,000), and on an intermittent basis. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part A at p 15.

54 The wife also points out that the husband has adduced thin and inconsistent
evidence on his compliance with his child support obligations: 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Wife’s Written Submissions dated 25 May 2017 at paras 12 to 14.

(a) In the husband’s first affidavit dated 2 February 2017 in these
proceedings, he asserted that he had paid the wife a total sum of $154,036
towards child support. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part D at p 201.

The wife argues that the husband’s evidence of his payments amounting to that
total sum is of poor quality. The evidence exist in the form of photographs of
stacks of cash 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part D at pp 233 to 234.

as well as six remittance receipts, 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part D at pp 235 to 240.

only two of which clearly state the wife as the recipient. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part D at pp 236 and 238.

(b) In the husband’s second affidavit dated 6 April 2017, he changed his
position by asserting that he had in fact complied with the maintenance order
by paying the wife IDR300m (approximately $31,000). He suggests that the order
took effect only upon its being upheld by the Indonesian Supreme Court in
August 2015. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part F p 194 at para 35.

By then, his eldest daughter had turned 18 (which she did in 2014), and
therefore the wife was not entitled to child support in relation to her. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part F p 194 at para 34.

The wife highlights that these views were not expressed in his first affidavit
and are not reconcilable with his earlier assertion that he had paid $154,036.

55 The husband has two principal submissions in response. First, the husband
submits that the wife has not shown that that the husband will not comply with
orders made in Indonesia. The husband says that his decision to evade his
criminal sentence is no basis for the inference that he would not comply with
Indonesian orders for financial relief, because those would have been made on
a “civil basis”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 22.

The husband also argues that he has not defaulted on his maintenance
obligations. His explanation for the alleged inconsistency in his evidence is
that the sum of $154,036, which he mentioned in his affidavit dated 2 February
2017, included (a) the sum of approximately $31,000 which he gave the wife
after the Indonesian Supreme Court’s decision in August 2015 and which the
wife does not dispute; 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 21(b).

and (b) a lump sum of approximately $104,000, which the wife’s family had
extracted from him as a condition for “pull[ing] the criminal case” and
allowing him to see his children. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 21(a); Record of
Appeal Vol III Part D p 230 at para 1.

56 In my judgment, it is reasonable for the wife to take the view that the
husband is unlikely to comply with any order made by the Indonesian courts.
The husband’s fugitive status alone is sufficient proof of his complete
disregard for the rule of law. The husband’s attempt to distinguish between
criminal and civil orders is not only arbitrary – since both emanate from
court proceedings – but in fact supports the wife’s case on his contumelious
attitude because it suggests that complying with court orders is for him
ultimately a matter of choice. Also, since his attendance in court in
Indonesia cannot be secured, his wife will face practical difficulties should
any application in Indonesia have to proceed to trial. Any attempt on her part
to seek relief from him in Indonesia is likely to be thwarted by his blatant
disrespect towards the courts in that jurisdiction. I also accept that the
evidence that the husband has hitherto produced on his compliance with his
maintenance obligations seems scanty and inconsistent, and this supports the
wife’s assertions that he has not paid.

(2) Exhausting foreign remedies

57 Next, considering the husband’s attitude towards the Indonesian courts, the
wife argues that it is reasonable for her to commence Chapter 4A proceedings
here without having applied for relief against the husband in Indonesia, which
she accepts she is entitled to do. The husband, in her view, has proved that
he would be unwilling to comply with any court order made in Indonesia,
whether of a criminal or matrimonial nature. So any application, even if
successful, would be futile and practically unenforceable. He may even allege
lack of due process as a reason not to comply with any Indonesia order
obtained in his absence. In these circumstances, the wife says that she surely
cannot be required first to seek relief against the husband in Indonesia
before doing so in Singapore.

58 The husband contends that it is a rule of law that the wife must first
exhaust all available remedies in Indonesia before coming to Singapore to file
Chapter 4A proceedings. He stresses in this regard that the wife had and
continues to have a real opportunity to seek relief in Indonesia. She
acknowledges that the Indonesian courts have yet to decide on the division of
their matrimonial assets consequent upon their divorce. Having failed to make
a single application for ancillary relief in Indonesia, the wife, says the
husband, cannot be allowed to file Chapter 4A proceedings here. For the rule
on exhaustion of local remedies, the husband relies on Cai Xiao Mei v Zhang
ShaoJi [2014] SGDC 132 (“Cai Xiao Mei”). In all of this, the husband’s point
is that the wife is a forum shopper whose application should be dismissed. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Husband’s Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 8.

59 In my view, it is clear that the text of Chapter 4A does not set out any
rule that one must first exhaust all available remedies in the jurisdiction
where the foreign divorce was obtained before making a Chapter 4A application
here. First, there is nothing in Chapter 4A which supports the existence of a
free-standing rule to that effect. Second, s 121F(2)(f), which is the closest
provision to a statutory basis for such a rule, is but one of a number of
factors which the court must consider under s 121F(1), and therefore it lays
down no absolute or presumptive rule. Third, not only does s 121F(2)(f) not
lay down such a rule, it also casts the net of inquiry wider than the
jurisdiction which granted the foreign divorce. The provision refers to the
right an applicant has under the law of “any foreign country” and not just the
country in which the foreign divorce was obtained.

60 On a plain reading, s 121F(2)(f) simply invites the court to assess whether
the applicant has a good reason for choosing Singapore over any other
jurisdiction in which he may have a right to obtain financial relief from the
other party. But how is the court to assess whether the applicant has a good
reason? That question may be answered, in my view, with reference to the
statutory purpose of Chapter 4A and the authorities cited by the parties. I
therefore turn to review these, before bringing their import under a general
framework for inquiry and applying that framework to the facts of this case.

(A) Authorities

61 Fundamentally, the court’s assessment must be guided by the purpose of
Chapter 4A. In this regard, it will be recalled that the jurisdictional and
discretionary criteria of Chapter 4A are intended to keep out persons
insufficiently connected to Singapore from starting proceedings here purely in
the hope of obtaining a financial or juridical advantage: see [29] above. Such
persons are commonly referred to as forum shoppers. Part III, and by extension
Chapter 4A, was not designed to lend them aid: see [29] above. Instead,
Chapter 4A’s purpose is to provide financial relief to an application who has
a genuine connection to Singapore and for whom seeking relief from the other
party in any foreign jurisdiction would be unfair or impractical, or has led
to an unfair or impractical remedy.

62 It follows that if the applicant’s reason for forgoing foreign remedies is
purely to obtain an actual or perceived juridical advantage under Singapore
law or procedure, the Singapore court is likely to consider his application an
abuse of process because he is not the kind of applicant that Chapter 4A is
intended to benefit. Thus it was said in Harjit Kaur ([37] supra) at [21] that
the court will generally not grant leave to an applicant who chooses not to
apply for relief in a foreign court in the hope of obtaining a more favourable
award elsewhere.

63 The facts of Cai Xiao Mei illustrate this point. The wife in that case was
contesting ancillary matters in China, but had deliberately refrained in that
jurisdiction from applying for financial relief out of the parties’
matrimonial assets located in Singapore. This was simply because she felt that
Singapore was the more appropriate forum to hear that particular claim. There
was no evidence that it was impractical for her to contest that claim in China
or that the Chinese courts would deal with it unfairly. The District Judge
considered that she had not demonstrated substantial ground as she was simply
cherry-picking particular claims for a Singapore court to adjudicate (at
[33]).

64 Yet at the same time, a forum that an applicant has good reason to choose
may well afford him some kind of juridical advantage, and that alone ought not
to disentitle him to relief under Chapter 4A. This point is well illustrated
by a pair of Part III cases which arise in the familiar context of pre-nuptial
agreements: N v N (Foreign divorce: financial relief) [1997] 1 FLR 900 (“N v
N”) and Traversa v Freddi [2011] 2 FLR 272 (“Traversa”). The husband in the
present case relies on N v N to argue that leave should not be granted to the
wife because the Singapore court may grant her more than her entitlement under
the pre-nuptial agreement. The wife on the other hand relies on Traversa to
argue that the existence of a pre-nuptial agreement does not by itself
preclude her from applying for relief in Singapore, especially if she knows
that making an application in Indonesia would be futile.

65 By way of preliminary observation, I note that N v N was decided on the
basis that it was essential to demonstrate that the applicant was suffering
hardship or injustice before the court could find that there was substantial
ground for granting leave to commence Part III proceedings. This proposition
was overruled by the UK Supreme Court in Agbaje at [61] on the basis that
nothing in Part III or the 1982 Report made hardship or injustice a necessary
precondition for leave to be granted: see also [31] above. I also find no
warrant for it in Chapter 4A. Needless to say, hardship and injustice remain
relevant factors, just not pre-conditions to a successful application.

66 Apart from this overruled point, the court’s reasoning in N v N on the
issue of forum shopping is instructive. In that case, a Swedish couple had a
pre-nuptial agreement which provided that all property acquired by each of
them for or during their marriage should be the individual property of the
party by whom it was acquired with the other having no right to such property.
Before the parties divorced in Sweden, the wife received a large inheritance.
The wife later moved to England, and the husband applied under Part III to
divide the sale proceeds of their Swedish flat.

67 The court refused the husband leave, finding that no substantial ground had
been made out because the husband had failed to prove injustice (at 913): as
mentioned, this aspect of the decision is wrong and may be ignored. But the
court also gave weight to the fact that the husband had without reason omitted
to apply for relief in Sweden before coming to England. By coming to England,
the husband might obtain an advantage since the English court may grant the
husband more than his entitlement under Swedish law by taking into
consideration the wife’s inheritance, which was expressly excluded from the
husband’s reach by the pre-nuptial agreement: N v N at 912 to 913.

68 N v N may be juxtaposed with Traversa. In Traversa, the wife and husband
were married in Italy under a “separate property regime”. Expert opinion was
produced to show that under this regime, each party would retain his or her
property acquired before and during the marriage. The wife, who was the
wealthier party, divorced the husband in Italy. The husband did not take part
in the Italian proceedings. Shortly after the divorce, the wife evicted the
husband from his home in England, which was in her sole name. But because of
the separate property regime, he still had a cottage in Italy which the wife
had transferred into his sole name during their marriage. In the event, the
husband applied for financial relief under Part III, seeking specifically an
order for the transfer of the English property into his name.

69 One of the wife’s submissions was that the husband’s claim would certainly
fail because the court was bound by precedent (ie, Granatino v Radmacher
(formerly Granatino) [2011] 1 AC 534) to give significant weight to the
separate property regime in Italy. Therefore, she said, no substantial ground
had been made out. Thorpe LJ saw the force of this argument, noting that the
regime was “a positive, mutually agreed election and there [was] no suggestion
of unfairness at the date of marriage” (at [33]). But his Lordship thought
that “whether or not it is fair in the present circumstances to apply it with
all its rigour is a consideration to be weighed, not on the application for
leave, but at the resulting trial” (at [33]). Ultimately, Thorpe LJ did not
see the separate property regime as an obstacle to the husband’s establishment
of substantial ground. This the husband did successfully, in Thorpe LJ’s view,
by showing (among other things) that (a) he had been served with eviction
proceedings and (b) he was willing to transfer the Italian cottage back to the
wife in return for the English home.

70 It is illustrative to contrast N v N and Traversa. N v N shows that the
court should not assist an applicant who seeks mainly to obtain a financial or
juridical advantage by avoiding the effects of a pre-nuptial agreement through
a Chapter 4A application. Traversa simply shows that this is not an
uncompromising rule. This is because the husband in Traversa was seeking not
only to obtain title to the English property. He was also willing for that
purpose to give up the Italian cottage, to which he was otherwise fully
entitled under the separate property regime. It was not disputed that there
was no chance of obtaining such an order in Italy, and that perhaps explains
why he did not apply for relief there. So allowing him to use English
proceedings may well have given him a juridical advantage. But Thorpe LJ must
have considered it to be justifiable to do so on the facts. I note also that
during the marriage, the husband spent many years living and working in
England, and was now being evicted from his home in that country. I agree with
the Traversa court that on those facts, the husband had at least shown
substantial ground.

71 The next point arising from the authorities is that the availability and
practical effectiveness of a foreign remedy which the applicant has yet to
seek is a relevant factor. This point flows from the purpose of Chapter 4A and
is found in the Court of Appeal’s reasoning in TMO v TMP [2017] 1 SLR 585
(“TMO”). In that case, the District Judge thought that the applicant ought not
to be granted relief under Chapter 4A because she could still pursue remedies
in Johor where she had obtained the divorce. The Court of Appeal had
difficulties with this view because those remedies, on the facts, were no
longer open to her. One of those difficulties is that she was seeking to
divide a HDB flat, but a Johor court order which purports to divide it may
well not be enforceable in Singapore because of the lex situs rule: TMO at
[59]. While this point dovetails with the inquiry under s 121F(2)(g) as to
whether the relief sought relates to local assets, the emphasis of the court’s
reasoning was on the unenforceability of a foreign order, not on the
enforceability of a Singapore order, relevant as the latter may be. That
emphasis illustrates the broader point that the court must consider whether it
would be practical to insist on the applicant seeking a foreign remedy which
may ultimately not be efficacious.

72 Finally, the text of s 121F(2)(f) indicates that the court should also
consider whether the applicant has lost his right to apply for relief in a
foreign jurisdiction: the provision invites the court to examine any right to
financial relief which the applicant has or “has had”. Naturally, the court
should consider why the applicant has lost that right. One possible reason is
delay, as suggested in the 1982 Report’s commentary on cl 5: 1982 Report ([31]
supra) at p 31. Another reason might be that the applicant has waived that
right or is estopped from exercising it. This was the other difficulty the
Court of Appeal had in TMO. While the District Judge had suggested that the
applicant could apply to set aside the divorce she had obtained in Johor, the
Court of Appeal observed that she had either waived her right to make that
application or was estopped from doing so because she had obtained custody
under the Johor divorce and had even obtained relief from the Syariah Court in
Singapore on the basis of the Johor divorce: TMO at [58]. While the right to
challenge a divorce may not technically be a “right … to apply for financial
relief” under s 121F(2)(f), the point is that an applicant may have lost such
a right for good or bad reasons, and it is for the court to assess those
reasons when assessing the applicant’s choice to seek financial relief in
Singapore.

(B) Framework and analysis

73 I now gather the threads of the foregoing analysis. Having regard to the
statutory purpose of Chapter 4A and the relevant authorities, I am of the view
that the court ought to consider the following non-exhaustive set of factors
when assessing under s 121F(2)(f) the applicant’s reason for not exercising
his right to relief, if he has such a right, under the law of any foreign
country:

(a) any desire in the applicant to obtain an actual or perceived juridical
advantage by commencing proceedings in Singapore;

(b) the kind of financial relief which the applicant has a right to seek from
the other party in any foreign jurisdiction;

(c) the fairness and practicality of requiring the applicant to exercise such
a right; and

(d) where the applicant has lost such a right, the reason for that loss.

74 In the present case, the third factor is the controlling factor. I have
found that the wife has taken a reasonable view that the husband has proved
his unwillingness to comply with any order which the Indonesian courts might
make. That being the case, it would be both unfair and impractical to require
her to exercise her right to seek financial relief from him in Indonesia,
regardless of the scope of that relief. In my judgment, this consideration
outweighs the fact that she may obtain a juridical advantage by having a
Singapore court decide the validity and effect of the pre-nuptial agreement.
In any event, the husband has produced no evidence that she desires such an
advantage. If she can be said to be seeking any advantage at all, it would be
the certainty that a Singapore financial order would be enforceable on the
Seaview Property, given that the property is located in Singapore. But that is
simply a function of the lex situs rule and is in any event an advantage
contemplated by the Charter, as I explain shortly below. I therefore find that
the wife has a good reason for omitting to exercise her right to apply for
financial relief from the husband in Indonesia.

Local assets and enforceability: ss 121F(2)(g) and 121F(2)(h)

75 Sections 121F(2)(g) and 121F(2)(h) require me to consider whether any
matrimonial asset which is sought to be divided is available in Singapore and
whether, in general, the financial order sought would be enforceable. Here,
the Seaview Property is in fact available in Singapore, and any order made in
Singapore on the property would be readily enforceable.

76 The enforceability of a Singapore order on a property located in Singapore
is a juridical advantage for a Chapter 4A applicant which Parliament
envisaged. This is clear from the scenario described by the Minister in the
Chapter 4A Debate ([27] supra) at col 2049:

Let me give Members an example: A Singaporean woman who marries a foreigner
and then lives in a matrimonial home in Singapore. Suppose the foreign spouse
then obtains a divorce from a foreign court which is recognised in Singapore
but for some reason makes no financial provisions. Currently, the Singaporean
spouse will have no financial remedy in Singapore because the Singapore courts
do not have the power to make such ancillary orders. With this new Chapter,
the courts here will be able to make orders on matrimonial assets in Singapore
and the maintenance for divorces that were obtained in foreign courts. This
will plug an existing gap. The related amendments will also be made to the
Central Provident Fund to effect this, as CPF monies may constitute part of
the matrimonial assets to be divided between parties.

77 Citing this passage, the Court of Appeal in TMO at [59] to [60] observed
that the difficulty of enforcing a foreign order for the division of assets
located in Singapore, such as HDB flats and CPF monies, was precisely the type
of difficulty Chapter 4A was intended to resolve. Of course, the mere fact
that the parties’ matrimonial assets are in Singapore will not be decisive, as
Cai Xiao Mei ([58] supra) illustrates: see [63] above. But it is certainly a
factor that weighs in the wife’s favour in the present case.

Delay: s 121F(2)(i)

78 Section 121F(2)(i) is not in issue. The parties’ divorce was finalised in
August 2015, and there is no allegation that the wife has delayed in making
her application for relief under Chapter 4A.

Conclusion on s 121F

79 I now conclude my analysis under s 121F. I find that the parties have a
strong connection with Singapore. The wife has a good reason for choosing not
to exhaust her remedies in Indonesia before seeking financial relief under
Chapter 4A in Singapore. That reason is that the husband’s disrespect towards
the Indonesian courts, and his intention not to return to Indonesia,
constitute a material impediment to the wife’s exercise of her right to relief
in Indonesia and enforcement of any relief she might obtain. It would
therefore be unfair and impractical to expect the wife first to seek remedies
there before applying for financial relief in Singapore. This consideration is
weightier than the fact that she might obtain some kind of juridical advantage
in having the validity and effect of the pre-nuptial agreement decided under
Singapore law. Also, the location of the Seaview Property in Singapore
contributes to the appropriateness of Singapore as a forum for relief.

Appropriateness of relief: s 121G read with s 112

80 I turn now to assess “substantial ground” in terms of the availability and
propriety of the type of relief which the wife seeks: see [16] above. Here,
the wife wants the Seaview Property to be divided. Under s 121G, the court’s
power to order a division of matrimonial property in Chapter 4A proceedings is
co-extensive with the power conferred by s 112 in ancillary proceedings. That
provision is therefore an important yardstick for analysis.

Power to divide “any matrimonial asset”

81 The husband says that the wife is asking the Singapore courts to divide the
Seaview Property in isolation from the whole pool of matrimonial assets. In
this regard, he submits, first, that a Singapore court is restricted from
dealing with the Seaview Property in that manner because the wife is entitled
to seek financial relief against the husband through ancillary proceedings in
Indonesia. Second, the husband argues that by asking a Singapore court to deal
with the Seaview Property in isolation, the wife is “clearly cherry-picking or
forum shopping for the best outcome in Singapore”. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Husband’s Written Submissions dated 1 June 2017 at para 31.

82 The wife, on the other hand, argues that a Singapore court is entitled to
deal with just the Seaview Property. She qualifies that she will be asking, at
the hearing on the merits, for the division of that property to be performed
in the light of all the parties’ assets. But she confirms that she has
restricted her claim only to that property. She argues that the court’s
remedial discretion under s 121G(1) in flexible enough to permit such a
remedy.

83 In my view, a court is empowered under s 121G(1) read with s 112 to divide
only part of the applicant’s pool of matrimonial assets. Section 112(1) says
that the court may order the division or sale between the parties of “any
matrimonial asset”. Hence, it is clear that the power is not exercisable only
if the court intends to divide or sell “all” matrimonial assets. It may do so
for “any” such asset. It follows that the court has the power to grant
financial relief relating to only part of the parties’ matrimonial assets
under s 121G(1) of the Charter.

84 While the court has such power, there could be reason, nonetheless, to be
cautious about dividing matrimonial assets in a piecemeal fashion, as the law
pertaining to such division would be different in Singapore and Indonesia. The
District Judge was quite rightly concerned that there were other properties in
Indonesia. If the wife obtains a division of the Seaview Property separately
from the remaining pool of matrimonial assets, she may in some way prejudice
the success of a subsequent application to the Indonesian courts for relief
out of the parties’ Indonesian assets.

85 In response to this concern, counsel for the wife says that the wife seeks
to divide the Seaview Property in resolution of all the parties’ claims on
their matrimonial assets both here and in Indonesia. Among these assets, the
Seaview Property, the wife says, is the most valuable. She refers to Agbaje
([32] supra), where the judge ordered the husband in that case to pay his
former wife a lump sum equal to 65% of the gross proceeds of the sale of their
house in London, which was valued at £425,000, upon the wife’s undertaking to
relinquish her interest in a house in Nigeria (where she was divorced), which
was valued at £86,000. In the present case, the wife has indicated her
willingness to undertake to relinquish her claim to the matrimonial assets in
Indonesia. In my view, this is a matter which the court charged with deciding
the full merits of the division should consider, in the light of information
subsequently adduced as to the entirety of the parties’ assets.

Dividing assets “between the parties”

86 Finally, the husband contends that the purchase price of the Seaview
Property was paid fully by his mother. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Record of Appeal Vol III Part F at p 204.

This contention was mentioned only in passing at the hearing and the wife did
not respond to it substantively. But she may for now be presumed to take the
opposite view since she is proceeding on the basis that the Seaview Property
is in fact a matrimonial asset and is liable to division. This raises the
issue of whether a court in Chapter 4A proceedings has the power to determine
the interests of a third party in a property and make orders against the third
party consequent upon that determination. After the hearing of the appeal, it
came to my attention that there are conflicting High Court authorities on
whether such a determination would properly be “between the parties” within
the meaning of s 112 of the Charter: see ABX v ABY and others [2014] 2 SLR 969
at [68] and UDA v UDB and another [2017] SGHCF 16 at [24]. The proper view on
s 121G and s 112, in the light of these cases, has not been argued before me.
The husband’s mother’s claimed interest in the property in any event does not
undermine the wife’s application for leave at this stage. It suffices for me
to highlight to the parties that they may make the appropriate arguments at
the hearing on the merits or file an appropriate application.

Conclusion

87 In the present case, the wife has chosen to pursue in Singapore the
division of a matrimonial asset located here. The parties’ connection to this
country is strong and the husband has taken up residence here to evade the
penal consequences of his criminal conviction in Indonesia. In these
circumstances, the wife, in my judgment, has demonstrated substantial ground
for my granting her leave to proceed with her application under Chapter 4A.

88 I therefore allow the appeal and set aside the orders made below. Unless
counsel wish to be heard on costs (in which event they should write in within
seven days from today), costs both here and below are to be in the cause of
the application.

Valerie Thean  
Judicial Commissioner

Suang Wijaya and Nakoorsha bin Abdul Kadir (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Mimi Oh, Geena Liaw Jin Yi and Chloe Chong (Ethos Law Corporation) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 28 Oct 2020 (02:01 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

