Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 100

Suit No 1098 of 2013

Between

| SAKAE HOLDINGS LTD  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

(1)| GRYPHON REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION PTE LTD  
---|---  
(2)| ERC HOLDINGS PTE LTD  
(3)| ONG SIEW KWEE  
(4)| HO YEW KONG  
(5)| ONG HAN BOON  
(6)| GRIFFIN REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS PTE LTD  
(7)| GRYPHON CAPITAL MANAGEMENT PTE LTD  
(8)| ERC UNICAMPUS PTE LTD  
(9)| ERC INSTITUTE PTE LTD  
(10)| TYN INVESTMENT PTE LTD (f.k.a. ERC INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD)  
(11)| ERC CONSULTING PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

And

| DOUGLAS FOO PEOW YONG  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

Suit No 122 of 2013

Between

| SAKAE HOLDINGS LTD  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| ONG SIEW KWEE  
---|---  
|  
  
… Defendant

And

| DOUGLAS FOO PEOW YONG  
---|---  
  
… Third Party

judgment

[Civil Procedure] – [Third Party Proceedings]

[Companies] – [Directors] – [Duties]

[Companies] – [Oppression] – [Minority Shareholders]

[Civil Procedure] – [Costs] – [Principles]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Sakae Holdings Ltd

  
v

  

Gryphon Real Estate Investment Corp Pte Ltd and others

  
(Foo

Peow Yong Douglas, third party) and another suit

  

[2017] SGHC 100

  

High Court — Suits Nos 1098 and 122 of 2013  
Judith Prakash JA  
15, 19, 20–22, 26–28 January; 10, 16–19, 23–26 February; 24 June 2016  

4 May 2017 Judgment reserved.

Judith Prakash JA:

Introduction

1 In these consolidated actions, Suit 1098 of 2013 (“Suit 1098”) and Suit 122
of 2013 (“Suit 122”), the plaintiff is Sakae Holdings Ltd (“Sakae”). The
defendant in Suit 122 is Ong Siew Kwee who is also known to all the parties as
Andy Ong (“Mr Ong”). There are ten extant defendants in Suit 1098, the most
important for present purposes being Mr Ong, the third defendant, Ho Yew Kong
(“Mr Ho”), the fourth defendant, and Ong Han Boon, the fifth defendant.

2 The consolidated actions were the result of a dispute between the parties
regarding a joint venture company, Griffin Real Estate Investment Holdings Pte
Ltd (“the Company”), which Sakae and ERC Holdings Pte Ltd (“ERC Holdings”), a
company belonging to Mr Ong, invested in in order to acquire most of the units
in a commercial building known as Bugis Cube. Suit 122 was Sakae’s action
against Mr Ong for breach of his fiduciary duty as a director of Sakae in
relation to share options granted by the Company to another company in which
Mr Ong had an interest. Suit 1098 was Sakae’s action against, inter alia, Mr
Ong, Mr Ho and Ong Han Boon for conducting the Company’s affairs in such a way
as to amount to oppression and unfair prejudice to Sakae as a shareholder of
the Company.

3 The defendants denied liability to Sakae in the consolidated actions.
Additionally, however, they commenced third party proceedings against Douglas
Foo Peow Yong (“Mr Foo”). Mr Foo is a director and chairman of Sakae. He was,
also, at all material times a director of the Company. The defendants’
allegations are that Mr Foo was in breach of his fiduciary duties owed to the
Company and that these breaches contributed to the wrongful transactions that
Sakae was complaining about. Accordingly, they asserted, if they were found
liable to Sakae, Mr Foo in turn would be liable to indemnify them and
contribute to any liability that they may have to Sakae. In this judgment,
where it is necessary for clarity, I will sometimes refer to Mr Ong, Mr Ho and
Ong Han Boon collectively as the “TP Plaintiffs”.

4 The trial of the suits was conducted before me. On 7 April 2017, I delivered
judgment in respect of Sakae’s claims. In my judgment ([2017] SGHC 73) (“the
Judgment”), I set out my reasons for finding Mr Ong, Mr Ho and Ong Han Boon
liable to Sakae for various acts of oppression. I made orders against them
ordering them to pay various amounts to the Company. I also ordered Mr Ong to
pay Sakae the amount of its claim made in Suit 122. Since I have found
liability on the part of these litigants, I have now to consider their third
party claims against Mr Foo and to decide whether or not he bears any
liability to them.

5 The Judgment contains a full account of Sakae’s claims, the defences put
forward by the various defendants and the evidence and submissions that I
considered. I will not repeat them here. In so far as anything in this
judgment is unclear, please refer to the Judgment. Further, defined terms used
herein are used in the same way as in the Judgment unless I state otherwise.

General basis of the third party claims

6 The third party claims against Mr Foo arise as follows:

(a) From a Third Party Notice in Suit 122 filed on 18 August 2014 by Mr Ong;

(b) From a Third Party Notice in Suit 1098 filed on 12 August 2014 by, amongst
others, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon; and

(c) From a Third Party Notice in Suit 1098 filed on 1 December 2014 by Mr Ho.

In each of the Third Party Notices, the TP Plaintiffs claimed against Mr Foo
to be indemnified against Sakae’s claims against the TP Plaintiffs and the
costs of the action and, alternatively, for contribution to such extent of
Sakae’s claims as the court may deem fit. In their closing submissions,
however, the TP Plaintiffs dropped their claims for indemnification and
concentrated only on their claims for contribution from Mr Foo.

7 In the Judgment, I have found one or more of the TP Plaintiffs liable to
make payment to the Company or Sakae of various amounts. I have held:

(a) Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon jointly and severally liable to pay the Company
the sum of $2,826,335.17 in respect of excessive management fees paid to
Gryphon Capital Management Pte Ltd (“GCM”) (see [303] of the Judgment).

(b) Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon jointly and severally liable to pay the Company
the sum of $7.9m in respect of the First Loan and the First Loan Agreement
(see [315]–[316] of the Judgment).

(c) Mr Ong and Mr Ho jointly and severally liable to pay the Company $16m in
respect of the Lease Agreement and the payment of compensation to ERC
Institute (see [318]–[319] of the Judgment).

(d) Mr Ong and Mr Ho jointly and severally liable to pay the Company the sum
of $160,500 in respect of the Consultancy Agreement (see [321]–[322] of the
Judgment).

(e) Mr Ong and Mr Ho jointly and severally liable to pay the Company the sum
of $8m in respect of the May PMA (see [332] of the Judgment).

(f) Mr Ong liable to pay Sakae the sum of $2,641,975 and interest thereon from
the date of the writ in Suit 122 (see [329] of the Judgment).

8 It would be seen from the above list that Mr Ong is liable for all six heads
of claim. Ong Han Boon is liable only in respect of the claims referred to in
[7(a)] and [7(b)]. As for Mr Ho, he is liable only for the claims referred to
in [7(c)], [7(d)] and [(7(e)].

Legal basis for contribution from a third party

9 The TP Plaintiffs and Mr Foo agreed that any entitlement that the TP
Plaintiffs may have to contribution from Mr Foo is governed by ss 15 and 16 of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”). So far as is relevant, these
sections provide:

15.—(1) Subject to subsections (2) to (5), any person liable in respect of any
damage suffered by another person may recover contribution from any other
person liable in respect of the same damage (whether jointly with him or
otherwise).

…

16.—(1) Subject to subsection (3), in any proceedings for contribution under
section 15, the amount of the contribution recoverable from any person shall
be such as may be found by the court to be just and equitable having regard to
the extent of that person’s responsibility for the damage in question.

(2) Subject to subsection (3), the court shall have power in any such
proceedings to exempt any person from liability to make contribution, or to
direct that the contribution to be recovered from any person shall amount to a
complete indemnity.

10 There are two points to emphasise here. First, for a claimant to succeed
under s 15(1) of the CLA, it is essential that both the person from whom
contribution is sought and the person who is claiming the contribution be
liable in respect of “the same damage”. Second, s 16(2) gives the court power
to exempt any person from contribution to liability. This power is not
circumscribed in any way.

11 The test which is applied to decide the issue of whether the liability is
in respect of “the same damage” is the three-step test set out by the Court of
Appeal in Tan Juay Pah v Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others [2012] 2 SLR
549 (“Tan Juay Pah”) which the court adopted from the English case of Royal
Brompton Hospital NHS Trust v Hammond [2002] 1 WLR 1397 (“Royal Brompton”).
Adapted to the circumstances of this case, the three-step test can be stated
as follows:

(a) What damage was suffered by Sakae as a result of the actions of the TP
Plaintiffs?

(b) Are the TP Plaintiffs liable to Sakae in respect of that damage?

(c) Is Mr Foo also liable to Sakae in respect of that very “same damage” or
some of it?

12 I discuss the first question in [29] below.

13 The answer to question (b) depends on the answer to question (a). The
parties, making their submissions on the third party claims in advance of my
decision on the main action, treated the answer to the question in a very
general way. Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon submitted that if any of the transactions
were wrongfully entered into, the damage suffered by Sakae would be the losses
it allegedly suffered as claimed in Suits 1098 and 122 and they would be
liable to Sakae in respect of these losses. Mr Ho made the general point,
relying on Airtrust (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kao Chai-Chua Linda [2014] 2 SLR
673, that where one director is found liable to a company for breach of
fiduciary duty, he can claim contribution from another director who is also in
breach of such duty. In doing so, he indicated that he was regarding himself
and Mr Foo as equally liable to the Company. He did not distinguish between
damage to the Company and damage to Sakae. Now that findings on liability in
the main action have been made, I can answer the second question more
specifically and do so later in this judgment.

14 The third question, one that also which needs to be dealt with in this
judgment in some detail, is whether Mr Foo is also liable to Sakae in respect
of the very same damage or some of it.

15 Prior to dealing with the substantive aspects of the claims, I need to
consider a procedural argument which Mr Foo has fielded in answer to the
claims of Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon.

The procedural defence

16 At the end of Sakae’s case in Suits 122 and 1098, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon
elected to call no evidence on the basis that there was no case to answer. Mr
Ho took a different course and that is why the procedural defence was not
mounted against him as well.

17 Mr Foo submitted that the claims brought against him by Mr Ong and Ong Han
Boon should be dismissed as these TP Plaintiffs did not open their case
against Mr Foo in respect of, and did not adduce any evidence to support,
their respective third party claims. As such, Mr Foo contended that there was
no evidence before the court to support these claims and they could not be
maintained.

18 The basis of the argument is that third party proceedings, while somewhat
connected to the main action, are regarded as separate and independent
proceedings in their own right. The third party proceedings involve pleadings
which are separate and distinct from those in the main action and the
defendants in the main action who have filed third party notices stand in the
position of plaintiffs against Mr Foo. Under O 35 r 4(2) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”), the plaintiff is supposed to begin an
action by opening his case. Here, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon in their roles as
plaintiffs should have opened their case against Mr Foo and adduced evidence
in support of that case. They elected not to do so. Had they done so, Mr Foo
could have tested their evidence by cross-examination of their witnesses.
Further, upon the close of the case, Mr Foo would have had the opportunity to
submit that there was no case to answer.

19 Mr Foo further submitted that while he testified in the main action, he did
so as a witness for Sakae. He did not give evidence in his personal capacity
to address, and defend himself against, the third party proceedings. He had
always distinguished between the two actions and therefore filed two AEICs,
one for the main action and another for the third party proceedings.
Therefore, Mr Foo’s evidence in the main action ought not to be considered
until Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon had opened their case. Further, the court had
asked if Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon intended to adduce any evidence specifically
for the third party proceedings. Their counsel, Mr Chandra Mohan, replied that
he did not need to because textbook authorities indicated that although the TP
Plaintiffs did bear the burden of proving their case against Mr Foo, this
burden could be discharged by eliciting evidence from other witnesses. Thus,
Mr Foo submitted, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon also elected not to adduce evidence
specifically to support their third party claims.

20 Naturally, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon did not accept that because they elected
to make a submission of no case to answer in response to Sakae’s claims, their
third party claims against Mr Foo had to be dismissed out of hand. They said
that there was evidence to support the third party claims and that this
evidence was the testimony of Mr Foo and Ms Voon Sze Yin (“Ms Voon”) in their
respective AEICs and their responses under cross-examination. They relied on
the principle that the party who bears an evidential burden may satisfy that
burden either by adducing evidence himself, or by eliciting evidence from the
witnesses of his adversary. They were entitled to rely on Mr Foo’s evidence to
support their third party claims against him. The fact that he and Ms Voon
filed two AEICs each, one for the main action and the other for the third
party proceedings, did not help as the only substantive assertion in the AEICs
filed in the third party proceedings was an adoption of the evidence given in
the AEIC filed in the main action. Therefore, the evidence given by Mr Foo and
Ms Voon under cross-examination would clearly cover both the proceedings in
Suits 122 and 1098, and the third party proceedings.

21 This is a novel point. The parties did not produce direct any authority to
assist me in deciding it. I therefore have to approach it from first
principles. First principles mandate that a plaintiff has to make his claim
against the defendant, being the person whom the plaintiff says has a legal
liability of some sort to the plaintiff. To make his claim, the plaintiff has
to adduce facts that support the legal basis relied on for the defendant’s
liability. While the plaintiff is adducing the facts, whether by testimony or
by documents, the defendant is entitled to question the authenticity of the
facts put forward. At the end of the plaintiff’s case, the defendant can
decide whether to adduce evidence to challenge the facts put forward by the
plaintiff or to rest his case on the basis that the plaintiff’s facts are not
sufficient in law to make him liable for the cause of action being sued on. If
the plaintiff never opens his case, the defendant never has to answer it in
any way and can ask for it to be dismissed.

22 Thus, in the normal run of things, the fact that Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon
did not call any witnesses of fact, not even themselves, and did not produce
any documents in the claim against Mr Foo would be sufficient justification
for me to dismiss their claims against him. They said, however, that since all
the evidence they wanted to rely on was volunteered by Mr Foo and Ms Voon
themselves in their AEICs and cross-examination, I cannot dismiss their claims
summarily. I should point out here that in their joint statement of claim in
the third party action, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon made many allegations of
verbal agreements to which Mr Ong and Mr Foo were party and of information
that Mr Ong had orally conveyed to Mr Foo. In his defence, Mr Foo denied all
those assertions. In closing, he contended that since Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon
never testified, they were now unable to rely on any of those assertions and
could only rely on evidence of Mr Foo’s behaviour and knowledge to the extent
that he himself had admitted the same. Mr Foo’s point here was that to allow
them to do so would in effect be allowing them to call him as the TP
Plaintiffs’ witness and force him to testify before they have made their case.

23 I have a great deal of sympathy with Mr Foo’s submissions. It would seem to
be iniquitous that Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon could, without taking the stand at
all so that their assertions about Mr Foo’s knowledge and behaviour may be
challenged directly, rely on the evidence he has given for Sakae whether by
way of AEIC or by cross-examination. They have deprived him of the opportunity
of testing their credibility and conduct in relation to the matters complained
about. However, third party proceedings are closely connected with the main
actions and the two are almost always, if not always, tried together. There is
no doubt that in the usual course of events, parties to third party
proceedings are entitled to rely on all the evidence adduced in the main
action in support of their claim or defence, as the case may be, in the third
party proceedings. It is also a basic principle that a plaintiff is entitled
to conduct his case in whichever way he chooses. Thus, a plaintiff could
subpoena the defendant and adduce the defendant’s evidence as the evidence,
indeed the only evidence, supporting the plaintiff’s claim. No doubt to take
this course would be a highly risky strategy but it is not prohibited by any
law or rule of evidence or procedure.

24 In the result, I have concluded, with some reluctance, that I cannot
dismiss the claims brought against Mr Foo by Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon on the
basis that they have not offered any evidence themselves but rely for their
claims only on the evidence adduced by Sakae and Mr Ho in the main action
which includes the evidence of Mr Foo himself. I therefore turn to consider
whether in regard to the various transactions in respect of which I have found
the TP Plaintiffs liable to Sakae, they have any right to a contribution from
Mr Foo.

The third party claims in Suit 1098

Basis of the claims

25 In the statement of claim against the third party filed by Mr Ong and Ong
Han Boon against Mr Foo, they claimed contribution from Mr Foo on two broad
bases:

(a) In his capacity as a director of the Company, Mr Foo owed it the same
fiduciary duties owed by any director of the Company, including the duty to
exercise reasonable diligence and use reasonable care in performing the duties
of his office and if he had performed these duties properly the matters that
Sakae complained of could never have arisen.

(b) Further, if their conduct in respect of various complaints made by Sakae
was found to be in disregard of and/or prejudicial to Sakae’s interests as the
minority shareholder of the Company, then Mr Foo in his capacity as director
of the Company had similarly acted in disregard of and/or in a manner that was
prejudicial to Sakae’s interests.

26 In their closing submissions, these two TP Plaintiffs elaborated on the
duties which Mr Foo owed the Company. They detailed the following director’s
duties:

(a) The statutory duty under s 157 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
to at all times act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the discharge of
his duties.

(b) The common law duty to act bona fide in the interests of the Company which
includes a duty on the director to apply his mind to the Company’s interests
and exercise his judgment in those interests.

(c) The common law duty to acquire and maintain sufficient knowledge and
understanding of the Company’s business to enable him to properly discharge
his duties as a director.

(d) The statutory duties under ss 199 and 201 of the Companies Act to ensure
that the Company complies with the legal requirement to keep proper accounting
and other records.

(e) The contractual duties imposed on the directors by cll 11.2 and 12.2 of
the JVA.

27 They also asserted in their closing submissions that Mr Foo had failed to
discharge the above duties to the Company with reasonable diligence. This
failure permeated every transaction that Sakae had complained about in Suit
1098 and on account of such failure Mr Foo was liable to contribute to any
liability the court found against them. The submissions went into some detail
on how Mr Foo had allegedly breached these duties or failed to carry them out
properly. These plaintiffs also repeated their assertion to the effect that if
Mr Ong’s and/or Ong Han Boon’s conduct that was complained about was found to
be in disregard of or prejudicial to Sakae’s interests as a minority
shareholder of the Company, Mr Foo would be similarly liable. They did not,
however, elaborate how liability on this basis actually arose.

28 Mr Ho took a similar tack in his third party statement of claim in Suit
1098. In addition, he did make some submissions that were distinct from those
proffered by Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon. I deal with those specific arguments
below at [39]. At this juncture, I wish to consider, more generally, whether,
and if so, to what extent, the TP Plaintiffs are liable to Sakae in respect of
the damage it has sustained as a result of their actions.

The three questions revisited

29 I turn to the question of what damage was suffered by Sakae by reason of
the TP Plaintiffs’ conduct. They appeared to believe that such damage can be
equated to the sums that were wrongly paid out of the Company by reason of the
transactions Sakae impugned. Apart from Sakae’s claim in Suit 122 which I will
deal with separately, I do not think such an equation can be made. The reason
for this is that Sakae’s claim in Suit 1098 was for relief from the
consequences of the oppressive conduct of the Company’s affairs and for such
relief to be provided in a form that is quite different from the straight
forward payment of funds to Sakae. The damage that Sakae suffered by reason of
the impugned conduct was not the loss of funds per se but the more intangible
loss of the basis on which it invested in the Company and the subversion of
its right to have the Company’s affairs managed as fairly in its interests as
they were managed in the interests of the other shareholder, Gryphon Real
Estate Investment Corporation Pte Ltd (“GREIC”). This damage in turn may have
led to financial loss because the true worth of the Company now may not be
what it would have been had the oppressive conduct never occurred and the
Company’s assets not been misused. The remedy for such damage was the decision
to wind up the Company so as to halt the oppression and put in place
independent managers in the form of the liquidators who could realise the
Company’s assets, wind-up the Company’s affairs and distribute its assets
rateably to the contributories, including Sakae. No order has been, or (except
in relation to costs) can be, made for the payment of money by the TP
Plaintiffs directly to Sakae. The orders for moneys to be paid to the Company
by the TP Plaintiffs were a necessary consequence of the winding-up order
since such payments must be made to help in the proper ascertainment and
collection of the Company’s assets. In the strict sense, therefore, there is
no payment obligation on the part of the TP Plaintiffs to Sakae.

30 Assuming that I am wrong in this analysis and the moneys that the TP
Plaintiffs have to pay the Company represents the damage Sakae has suffered as
Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon submitted, can they or Mr Ho get from Mr Foo a
contribution towards the respective amounts? In my judgment, there is a simple
answer to the assertion that conduct on the part of the TP Plaintiffs which
was in disregard of or prejudicial to Sakae’s interests would also be such
conduct on the part of Mr Foo because he did not discharge his fiduciary
duties to take an active part in the running of the Company and/or actively
oversee the way that the Company’s affairs were being conducted by the TP
Plaintiffs. There is a major difference between their conduct and Mr Foo’s:
they were running the Company and therefore their conduct was conduct in the
affairs of the Company. Mr Foo was not running the Company.

31 I do not consider that there is any liability to Sakae attributable to Mr
Foo as a director of the Company simply because he relied on the Management
Agreement and also more or less left everything in the hands of Mr Ong and did
not apply his mind to the Company’s affairs as he should have. Assuming that
Mr Foo was in breach of all his various fiduciary duties to the Company, that
breach would still not impose liability on him vis-à-vis Sakae under s 216 of
the Companies Act. This is because that section requires Sakae to show “that
the affairs of [the Company]” are being conducted or “the powers of the
director [ie, Mr Foo]” are being exercised in a manner “oppressive … or in
disregard of … their interests as … shareholders”. It is clear from this
language that there must be active conduct of the Company’s affairs and active
exercise of powers in a manner which oppresses Sakae or unfairly disregards or
prejudices it. The whole complaint against Mr Foo is not that he actively did
something but that he did nothing. Doing nothing may very well be a breach of
a director’s fiduciary duty and, if it causes harm to his company, the company
concerned may well bring an action against that passive director for
compensation. In my view, however, a shareholder bringing an action under s
216 cannot complain that oppression arises from inaction except, perhaps, in
the situation where the inactive director was aware of the wrongdoing of other
directors and acquiesced in it by not alerting the shareholder to what was
going on. Even if inaction in such circumstances can itself constitute
oppression, that is not what happened here. The TP Plaintiffs have offered no
evidence that Mr Foo had knowledge of their various oppressive activities. All
they have said is that if he had been a more active director he would have
found out what was going on and stopped it.

32 While I deal with the individual transactions in somewhat more detail
below, I consider that, overall, the claim of the TP Plaintiffs is not well
founded because they cannot meet the third requirement for establishing
liability under s 15 of the CLA, ie, that Mr Foo is liable to Sakae in respect
of the very “same damage” as the TP Plaintiffs are. As I have said, Mr Foo has
no liability to Sakae for oppression while the whole rationale of Sakae’s
claim against the TP Plaintiffs was to obtain a remedy that would allow Sakae
to disengage or remove itself from a situation that was commercially unfair to
it. Sakae used the various impugned transactions as evidence of its complaint
that the affairs of the Company were being conducted in a way that was unfair
to it, disregarded its interests and unfairly prejudiced it. Whilst Sakae did
make various claims for sums to be repaid by the TP Plaintiffs, those claims
were for orders that the sums be repaid to the Company, not to Sakae. As the
TP Plaintiffs repeated many times in their submissions in the main action, the
amounts in dispute could, ordinarily, only be the subject of claims brought by
the Company. They said the Company’s claims could not be brought by Sakae as
part of its oppression complaint. I rejected this last argument for the
reasons set out in the Judgment. The fact remains, however, that the damage
represented by these claims is not directly Sakae’s damage as the TP
Plaintiffs are well aware. Sakae has been damaged because Sakae’s interest in
the Company and its proper management for the benefit of all shareholders
equitably has been prejudiced and because the unauthorised payment out of
moneys from the Company has reduced the value of Sakae’s shareholding. If the
Company is wound up without such sums being returned to it, Sakae will get
back less than it should on distribution of the assets of the Company to the
contributories. As I have said above, Sakae’s damage cannot, however, be
equated to the amounts that I have ordered the TP Plaintiffs to pay back to
the Company. In no circumstances would such payments directly benefit Sakae in
the same amount. Even if the Company took an action for breach of fiduciary
duty against Mr Foo and succeeded in obtaining an order that he pay the
Company the very same amounts that I have ordered the TP Plaintiffs to pay,
that still will not make Mr Foo liable to Sakae for the very same damage that
the TP Plaintiffs caused it.

33 In case I have given “the very same damage” an unduly narrow construction,
I turn to consider the individual transactions in respect of which I have
found the TP Plaintiffs liable to pay money back to the Company.

The individual transactions involving both Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon

34 As an example of the submissions made by the TP Plaintiffs as to the basis
of Mr Foo’s liability to them, I turn to my holding that Mr Ong and Ong Han
Boon are jointly and severally liable to pay the Company the sum of
$2,826,335.17 in respect of excessive management fees paid to GCM. In this
connection, the TP Plaintiffs alleged that, as a director of the Company, Mr
Foo ought to have known of the fees paid to GCM as they were recorded in the
Company’s and GCM’s management accounts which were sent to Ms Voon who
reported to Mr Foo. Mr Foo had admitted that he should have been aware of the
Company’s financial affairs. As a director, the TP Plaintiffs said, Mr Foo was
responsible for the proper preparation and maintenance of the Company’s
accounts and could not claim to be unaware of the contents of the accounts.
Further, in his capacity as director, he could have stopped the payments to
GCM as early as 19 July 2011, if he was of the view that the amounts being
paid as management fees were incorrect. Mr Foo was under a duty to ensure that
the management accounts were accurate and, even if he had delegated that duty
to Ms Voon, he was under a duty to supervise her and to make proper enquiries.
The accounts clearly showed the sums of management fees, ancillary fees and
administrative fees paid by the Company and received by GCM. Sakae was sent
the GCM accounts as well which also showed this. As Sakae knew that GCM had
only one client, it would have been obvious that any revenue obtained by GCM
could only have come from the Company.

35 The above arguments were typical of the submissions that were made to try
and affix contributory liability on to Mr Foo. Reduced to their essence, these
submissions on the part of the TP Plaintiffs were to the effect that if Mr Foo
had been a good boy and done what he was supposed to do, they could not have
been bad boys and done what they were not supposed to do. A contention that if
Mr Foo had carried out his duty he would have prevented the other directors’
breaches of duty is a contention that may assist the Company in a claim
against Mr Foo. It is not, however, in my view a contention that has any
weight in a claim for contribution by Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon. If I allow them
to claim contribution from Mr Foo in respect of the excessive management fees
which they are liable to reimburse the Company, I will be allowing them to
reduce their liability for wrongs which they wilfully committed. The present
case is not a case of injury inflicted by reason of negligence. The injury
inflicted by Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon was deliberate. It was in breach of their
knowledge and apparent acceptance of what Sakae and Mr Foo had actually agreed
to in terms of management fees and it was documented by the Sham Addendum
which at [61] of the Judgment I have found to be an ex post facto fabrication
designed to cloak unauthorised payments with some semblance of legitimacy.
Whatever may be Mr Foo’s shortcomings as a director, I do not believe that the
law requires me to order him to contribute to damage arising out of
deliberately wrongful acts. In any event, this is a situation in which he
should be exempted from liability under s 16(2) of the CLA.

36 The points that I have made at [35] above apply equally to Mr Ong’s and Ong
Han Boon’s claims for contribution in relation to their liability to the
Company in respect of the First Loan. I have found at [92]–[93] of the
Judgment that the First Loan was not validly authorised by the directors or
shareholders of the Company and that it was obtained for the sole purpose of
assisting ERC Unicampus, a company in which Sakae had no interest, fund the
purchase of the Big Hotel. It was subsequently covered up by the creation of
two different versions of the First Loan Agreement, a document which was
created to give the First Loan a veneer of respectability. In the
circumstances, I am unable to find any liability on the part of Mr Foo to
contribute to Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon’s liability to repay the balance of the
First Loan to the Company.

The claims made by Mr Ong and Mr Ho

37 As stated earlier, there are three claims for which I have held Mr Ong and
Mr Ho jointly and severally liable. To recapitulate, these are:

(a) The $16m payment arising out of the Lease Agreement and its termination.

(b) The sum of $160,500 arising out of the Consultancy Agreement.

(c) The $8m payment arising out of the May PMA.

38 For the reasons given in respect of the claims made by Mr Ong and Ong Han
Boon, I reject the submission that any damage to the Company in respect of
these matters for which Mr Foo may be responsible by reason of any breach of
fiduciary duty on his part, would be the same damage suffered by Sakae as a
result of Mr Ong’s and Mr Ho’s breaches of duty in relation to the three
matters enumerated in [37] above. In each of these cases, also, the harm to
the Company was deliberately inflicted and steps were taken to manufacture
documentation to give the impression, falsely, that there were legal
obligations on the part of the Company to pay the sums due and/or that good
consideration was being given for such payments by way of the provision of
services. In the case of the payments made pursuant to the Lease Agreement and
the May PMA, the reasons for such payment had clearly nothing at all to do
with the welfare of the Company. Instead, the moneys were needed to assist Mr
Ong and his other ventures. In these circumstances, it would be wrong to
impose any liability on Mr Foo to contribute to the sums that Mr Ong and Mr Ho
have to pay the Company.

39 In his closing submissions, Mr Ho did make some arguments that were
distinct from those proffered on behalf of Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon. His
submissions were:

(a) Mr Foo had participated and acquiesced in the creation of the structure
within the Company by which Mr Foo: (i) abdicated his role and
responsibilities as a director of the Company to Mr Ong; and (ii) failed to
work with Mr Ho.

(b) Given that Mr Ong was a director of Sakae, Mr Ho was entitled to assume
that, in relation to the related party transactions entered into between the
Company and either Mr Ong or a company he controlled or in which he had an
interest, all matters of internal management within Sakae such as the granting
of approvals and clearance of conflicts had been complied with.

(c) Given that Mr Ho was entitled to assume that all of Sakae’s internal
management matters had been complied with, Mr Foo should reasonably have known
that, by creating an environment in which he worked with Mr Ho “through Mr
Andy Ong” as Mr Foo testified, he effectively gave Mr Ong carte blanche to
procure the Company’s entry into the related party transactions.

(d) Mr Foo should also have been aware that since Mr Ong was a director of
Sakae and Mr Foo chose to work with Mr Ho “through Mr Andy Ong”, Mr Ho would
not have been put on notice of any objections that Sakae might have had to the
related party transactions and indeed, would have been entitled to assume that
Sakae knew and had no objections to the same.

40 The submissions summarised in [39] above are essentially Mr Ho’s
Established Norm defence with a slightly different slant. I discussed this
defence at [249]–[261] of the Judgment and rejected it for the reasons set out
in those paragraphs. Mr Ho cannot resuscitate the same arguments and use them
as the basis to claim a contribution from Mr Foo. Mr Ho had a duty to act
independently in the interests of the Company. He knew that Mr Foo had more or
less left the management of the Company in the hands of Mr Ong and if he was
aware that Mr Ong was acting against the Company’s interests, he had a duty to
alert Mr Foo to what was going on. He did not do so. Instead, he connived with
Mr Ong and did whatever the latter wanted him to do without applying an
independent mind. He was not merely a sleeping director but was an active
party to sham documents such as the Lease Agreement, the May PMA, the
Consultancy Agreement and the HYK Version of the First Loan Agreement. In all
the circumstances, Mr Ho is no better placed to claim a contribution from Mr
Foo than Mr Ong is.

The claim made by Mr Ong in Suit 122

41 I have held Mr Ong liable to pay Sakae the sum of $2,641,975 in respect of
the subscription money it had to pay to the Company in order to maintain its
percentage shareholding in the Company when the ERC Option was exercised by
ERC Holdings. This liability was found in Suit 122 in which Sakae was the
plaintiff and was suing Mr Ong for a direct breach of fiduciary duty to
itself. Mr Foo also owed Sakae fiduciary duties. If Mr Foo’s breach of
fiduciary duty to Sakae was a contributory factor for the payment of the
$2,641,975 for shares in the Company, then the “same damage” requirement would
be met. Mr Ong, however, based his claim for contribution on Mr Foo’s alleged
breach of fiduciary duty to the Company rather than on any breach of duty to
Sakae. He has not even asserted such breach of duty.

42 In his closing submissions relating to this claim, Mr Ong emphasised the
various documents signed by Mr Foo as a director of the Company. To summarise,
these were various directors’ resolutions of the Company relating to the
exercise of the ERC Option. They included resolutions approving the issue and
allotment of 8,058,025 ordinary shares in the Company to ERC Holdings in
accordance with the ERC Option and the issue and allotment of 2,641,975
ordinary shares in the Company to Sakae. Mr Ong pointed out that Mr Foo had
admitted in court that he knew exactly what the documents he signed were for,
and that by signing them, he was allowing ERC Holdings to exercise its option.
By allowing the allotment of shares to ERC Holdings, Mr Foo acted in breach of
his duty to act in the Company’s best interests. Mr Foo clearly failed to
apply his mind and exercise his judgment in relation to the ERC Option and was
in breach of his duty to exercise reasonable diligence. It was Mr Foo’s
signing of all the documents that allowed the Company to allot the new shares
to Sakae in ERC Holdings. But for this conduct, Sakae would not have had to
pay the sum of $2,641,975 to the Company. As such, if the conduct of GREIC,
ERC Holdings, and Mr Ong and/or Ong Han Boon were found to be in breach of the
JVA and/or in disregard of and/or prejudicial to Sakae’s interests as a
minority shareholder of the Company, Mr Foo would be similarly liable. Mr Ong
emphasised that the foregoing submissions applied to his claim against Mr Foo
as a third party in both Suits 1098 and 122.

43 To reiterate, in relation to the ERC Option, I have found Mr Ong liable in
Suit 122. This action was brought against Mr Ong only and in his capacity as
director of Sakae. No liability was asserted against Ong Han Boon, GREIC or
ERC Holdings. The basis of Mr Ong’s liability, as explained in [210]–[213] of
the Judgment, was that despite knowing about the prohibition on share options
in the JVA he failed to give Sakae relevant information. If there was a valid
share option in September 2010, he had a duty to inform Sakae of it before it
was concluded and should not have concluded it on behalf of ERC Holdings
without Sakae’s consent. If there was no valid share option prior to May 2012,
he should not have deceived Sakae and Mr Foo into believing that there was
such an option thus leading Mr Foo into signing the various documents by which
the Company gave effect to the option and issued additional shares to Sakae to
maintain its percentage shareholdings.

44 If there had been a valid share option, Mr Foo would have been acting in
the Company’s interests in giving effect to it by signing all the
documentation as otherwise the Company could be sued for non-compliance with
its legal obligations. In the event, I held that there was no valid share
option in existence in May/June 2012. That being the case, Mr Foo’s breach of
duty to the Company, if any, was in failing to investigate and ascertain that
the Company was not obliged to issue new shares to ERC Holdings. The Company,
however, was not harmed by this failure as the result of the issue and
allotment of new shares was the acquisition of extra capital from both ERC
Holdings and Sakae. The Company still holds this capital.

45 It was Sakae that suffered from having to invest additional capital in the
Company. Mr Ong, however, has not made any submissions on how Mr Foo was in
breach of his fiduciary duties to Sakae in relation to this transaction. Even
if he had done so, it would be a difficult task for Mr Ong to convince me that
Mr Foo should contribute to this liability when the evidence in court was that
it was Mr Ong who misled Mr Foo into believing that there was a valid share
option. Further, had Sakae not subscribed for the additional shares, Mr Ong
would have succeeded in increasing his companies’ interests in the Company
beyond the 75.31% that was provided for in the JVA. He was, therefore, the
intended beneficiary of the whole exercise. In these circumstances, it would
be inequitable to order Mr Foo to contribute to Mr Ong’s liability and I would
have exempted Mr Foo from the same pursuant to s 16(2) of the CLA.

Costs

46 For the reasons given above, I dismiss each of the third party claims by Mr
Ong, Ong Han Boon and Mr Ho against Mr Foo.

47 I have now to deal with the issue of costs. As the TP Plaintiffs have
failed in the third party claims, they must bear Mr Foo’s costs in those
actions. The question that arises is on what basis the costs should be
awarded. Mr Foo submitted that he should be awarded costs on the indemnity
basis.

48 The award of indemnity costs is in the court’s discretion. However, O 59 r
5 of the ROC sets out several matters which the court may take into account,
as appropriate, in deciding whether costs should be ordered on the indemnity
basis. Among these is the conduct of all the parties, including conduct before
and during the proceedings. In Tan Chin Yew Joseph v Saxo Capital Markets Pte
Ltd [2013] SGHC 274 (“Joseph Tan”) at [98], Vinodh Coomaraswamy J observed
that apart from the factors set out in O 59 r 5, the factors mentioned by
Millett J in Macmillan Inc v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc (10 December
1993, unreported) (“Macmillan”) could also be relied on to justify such an
award. These were where litigants had conducted their cases in bad faith or
caused costs to be incurred irrationally. Coomaraswamy J also referred to
Three Rivers District Council v The Governor and Co of the Bank of England (No
6) [2006] EWHC 816 (Comm) where the court indicated that when the conduct of
the unsuccessful claimant was relied on as a ground for ordering indemnity
costs, the test was that of unreasonableness and that conduct attracting moral
condemnation was an a fortiori ground.

49 Mr Foo relied on the principles espoused in Joseph Tan. He submitted that
the TP Plaintiffs acted unreasonably in their conduct of the third party
proceedings. The particulars that he relied on were the following:

(a) At the judicial pre-trial conference for this matter, counsel for Mr Ong
and Ong Han Boon stated that his clients had commenced the third party
proceedings in order to compel Mr Foo to testify in court. Given that Mr Foo
had, by that time, confirmed that he would be testifying on behalf of Sakae
and had filed his AEIC, they were invited to withdraw the third party
proceedings but they declined to do so.

(b) At the close of Sakae’s case, Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon elected not to open
their case against Mr Foo or to adduce any evidence in support of their claims
but still insisted on pursuing the third party claims.

(c) Mr Ho did adduce evidence in support of his third party claims but his
evidence was barely credible in that:

(i) He argued that he was entitled to a contribution from Mr Foo solely
because Mr Foo had not consulted him prior to procuring Sakae to commence the
main action.

(ii) He argued that Mr Foo knew or ought to have known of various facts as a
result of management accounts and other financial information that had been
provided to Ms Voon. Yet he admitted under cross-examination that (A) he did
not have any personal knowledge that Mr Foo had knowledge of these documents;
(B) he had not been told by anyone that Mr Foo had knowledge of these
documents; (C) he had not seen Ms Voon pass these documents to Mr Foo; and (D)
he had not been told by anyone that they had seen Ms Voon pass these documents
to Mr Foo. He merely assumed (based on his own “logic”) that Mr Foo must have
known of these documents.

(iii) He sought to rely on hearsay evidence of conversations to which he was
not a party, relying solely on what Mr Ong had allegedly told him of these
conversations.

(d) Mr Ho sought an indemnity from Mr Foo claiming, in effect, that Mr Foo was
just as culpable or careless as he himself was, and yet he sought to have Mr
Foo bear all the liability while he bore none.

(e) In contrast to his claim against Mr Foo, Mr Ho did not seek any indemnity
or contribution from Mr Ong or Ong Han Boon despite repeatedly acknowledging
that: (i) he had relied on them in relation to the transaction that Sakae was
complaining about; (ii) he had relied on them to sort out all the paperwork
and protocols for the documents he had signed in relation to this
transactions; and (iii) he had signed documents without reading them fully
because he trusted and relied on Mr Ong.

(f) All the third party claims were unsustainable and the TP Plaintiffs must
have known, on an objective analysis, that they had no legal or factual basis
to sustain the claims they made. Yet they unreasonably commenced and pursued
them against Mr Foo.

50 In my judgment, it is not unreasonable conduct per se to bring a case that
is weak or to give some evidence which is not credible. Nor is it unreasonable
to choose to sue one person rather than another. A plaintiff is free to try to
pin liability on one defendant and is not obliged to bring action against all
possible defendants. Further, it is not unreasonable for someone (A) to bring
a case against someone else (B) and rely only on B’s evidence to make out the
case against him, however risky a strategy that may be. It is however,
unreasonable for A to bring a case against B for the sole purpose of making B
testify and subject to cross-examination by A so that A can support his own
defence in a different, though connected, action. If A needs B’s testimony so
badly in that other action there are other ways of obtaining it. Had Mr Ong
and Ong Han Boon brought third party proceedings against Mr Foo for the sole
purpose of making him testify in Sakae’s action against them, then that would
be an abuse of process justifying an award of indemnity costs.

51 Mr Ong and Ong Han Boon denied that the third party proceedings were
motivated by a desire to force Mr Foo to testify. Whatever was said at the
judicial pre-trial conference, they said that they considered that they had a
valid cause of action against Mr Foo for breach of his director’s duties to
the Company and were entitled to pursue the same. Further, they had clearly
set out their legal and factual bases for the third party claims in their
pleadings and no action had been taken by Mr Foo to have the same struck out
as providing no reasonable cause of action. It was therefore an afterthought
for Mr Foo to make this allegation now. On consideration, I accept that on the
face of the pleadings there was no reason to infer that Mr Ong and Ong Han
Boon did not have any factual basis for their claims against Mr Foo. This was
because the pleadings contained many references to Mr Foo’s knowledge of what
was going on and expressly stated that such knowledge had been conveyed to him
by Mr Ong. In the case of Mr Ho, his pleadings also indicated a factual basis
for his claims. Also, there is no evidence of any of the TP Plaintiffs having
been advised that their claims were legally unsustainable. However, it is also
correct that throughout the proceedings, one of the main defences run in the
main action was that Sakae had no standing because any cause of action arising
out of the conduct of the directors vested in the Company and not in its
shareholders. If this was an argument that the TP Plaintiffs truly endorsed,
it would seem unreasonable for them to turn round and claim an indemnity from
Mr Foo for similar directorial lapses. I suppose the response to that would be
that it was not unreasonable to take action to protect themselves in the event
they turned out to be wrong about the law.

52 Having said all of the above, there is a further point and one that tells
strongly against the TP Plaintiffs. I refer to the factor mentioned by Millet
J in the Macmillan case, which is that indemnity costs are justified where a
party is found to have conducted a case in bad faith. On the facts that I have
found in the Judgment, it clearly appears that the transactions that Sakae
complained of were orchestrated by Mr Ong and his assistants Mr Ho and Ong Han
Boon for the purpose of benefitting Mr Ong’s other interests without regard to
the interests of Sakae and the Company itself. Mr Ong took full advantage of
the trust that Mr Foo reposed in him to carry out activities which he was
aware Sakae would object to. In these circumstances, for him and the other TP
Plaintiffs to bring third party claims against Mr Foo and make the latter
incur the costs and stresses of defending himself is a plain instance of suing
in bad faith. I am satisfied on a consideration of all of the facts,
therefore, that it would be correct to make them bear Mr Foo’s costs on the
indemnity basis.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the third party claims and order the
TP Plaintiffs to bear Mr Foo’s costs incurred in defending the respective
claims on the indemnity basis.

Judith Prakash  
Judge of Appeal

Davinder Singh SC, Jaikanth Shankar, Zhuo Jiaxiang,  
Navin Shanmugaraj, Samantha Tan, V Kumar Sharma and Pradeep Singh Khosa (Drew
& Napier LLC) for the plaintiff;  
R Chandra Mohan, Vikram Nair, Jonathan Yuen, Tan Ruo Yu, Doreen Chia and
Khelvin Xu (Rajah & Tann Singapore LLP) for the first to third, fifth, seventh
to ninth and 11th defendants;  
Samuel Chacko, Lim Shack Keong, Charmaine Chan-Richard and Cara Soo Min (Legis
Point LLC) for the fourth defendant;  
Siraj Omar and Alexander Lee (Premier Law LLC)  
for the third party.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 2: 05 Nov 2020 (20:15 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

