Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 288

Suit No 888 of 2014

Between

| Jiacipto Jiaravanon  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

judgment

[Restitution] — [Failure of consideration] — [Pre-contractual deposits]

[Contract] — [Formation]

[Contract] — [Breach]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Jiacipto Jiaravanon

  

v

  

Simpson Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 288

High Court — Suit No 888 of 2014  
Quentin Loh J  
10–13, 18–19 April; 29 May 2017

22 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Quentin Loh J:

1 In this suit, the plaintiff, Jiacipto Jiaravanon (“Cip”, or “the
plaintiff”), seeks to recover two payments made to the defendant, Simpson
Marine (SEA) Pte Ltd (“the defendant”), in relation to the purchase of luxury
yachts. The defendant denies that the plaintiff is entitled to recover the
payments, and counterclaims for several sums.

The parties

2 Cip was a male Indonesian national who passed away suddenly at the early age
of 40 after commencing this suit. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Affidavit of Anna Oei Ai Hoea dated 20 July 2016 (“Oei’s Affidavit”) at paras
4–6 and Exhibit A (p 5).

At the time of his death, he was the Vice President Commissioner of PT Charoen
Pokphand Indonesia TBK which is part of the Charoen Pokphand Group Indonesia
(“the CP Group”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Transcript, 10 April 2017, p 12.

The CP Group comprises more than 200 companies, which are primarily in the
agriculture business. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 3.

After Cip’s death, Anita, his widow, obtained letters of administration in
respect of this suit, and an order to carry on these proceedings as the
administratrix of Cip’s estate. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Oei’s Affidavit at para 6 and Exhibit A (pp 6–7 and 10); Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Anita dated 27 February 2017 (“Anita’s AEIC”) at
para 4; Order of Court dated 28 July 2016.

3 The defendant is a Singapore-incorporated company in the business of dealing
in luxury yachts. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

AEIC of Peter John Mison dated 27 February 2017 (“Mison’s AEIC”) at para 3.

At the material time, the defendant dealt in yachts produced by Azimut Benetti
SpA (“Azimut”), a company incorporated in Italy.

The background to the dispute

4 In January 2013, Cip and Aina Taslim (“Aina”), the Head of Purchasing
(Commercial Division) of the CP Group, 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

AEIC of Aina Taslim dated 27 February 2017 (“Aina’s AEIC”) at para 1.

met Peter Mison (“Mison”), a yacht broker for the defendant, and discussed the
possibility of Cip purchasing yachts from the defendant. At the material time,
Cip was considering the purchase of (at least) one yacht each for use in Hong
Kong and Southeast Asia respectively. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 9.

5 On 10 April 2013, Cip signed a contract to buy an Azimut 62S yacht from the
defendant (“the Azimut 62S Contract”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PCB 478–482.

However, this contract was cancelled because Cip did not pay the deposit for
this yacht. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 17.

6 On 26 April 2013, Mison met Cip at Cip’s house. 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, p 17.

The parties do not fully agree on what occurred during this meeting (“the 26
April 2013 Meeting”). But it is undisputed that Cip signed the following two
documents:

(a) A contract to buy an Azimut 64 yacht (hull number 68) (“the Azimut 64
#68”) for €1,916,675.00 (“the Azimut 64 Contract”) from the defendant. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

PCB 491–495.

(b) An invoice (“the Deposit Invoice”) for the sum of €1m (“the €1m Deposit”).
The Deposit Invoice states that the €1m sum was a “holding deposit” against
two boats: an Azimut 100 Grande yacht (hull number 12) (“the Azimut 100G #12”)
and an Azimut 100 Leonardo yacht (hull number 15) (“the Azimut 100L #15”). I
shall refer to these two yachts collectively as “the Azimut 100 yachts”.

7 On 29 April 2013, Cip paid a €500,000 deposit, in respect of the Azimut 64
Contract, and the €1m Deposit to the defendant. The defendant issued two
receipts dated 29 and 30 April 2013 respectively in relation to these
payments. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Mison’s AEIC at paras 35 and 79; PCB 497–498.

8 On 30 April 2013, Mison informed Cip that Azimut had sold the Azimut 100G
#12 to a Mexican buyer. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

PCB 81.

9 On 8 May 2013, Cip met Paul Grange (“Grange”), Kenneth Ng (“Ng”) and
Giordano Pellacani (“Giordano”) in Hong Kong and viewed an Azimut 100 Leonardo
yacht (“the 8 May 2013 Meeting”). 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 11; PCB 127–128.

At the material time, Grange was the defendant’s Group Sales Manager who was
responsible for sales of Azimut yachts; Ng was the defendant’s Senior Yacht
Broker; and Giordano was the Azimut Sales Manager for Asia. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 4; AEIC of Paul Jonathan Grange dated 27 February
2017 (“Grange’s AEIC”) at paras 1 and 11.

The parties dispute what was agreed during this meeting.

10 On 9 May 2013, the defendant paid a sum of €1m to Azimut. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

PCB 585–588.

11 On 18 June 2013, Cip and the defendant agreed, by an Addendum to the Azimut
64 Contract (“the Addendum”), that Cip would receive the Azimut 64 yacht (hull
number 64) (“the Azimut 64 yacht”) instead of the Azimut 64 #68. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

PCB 500.

The parties also agreed to change the specifications of the Azimut yacht;
consequently, the purchase price increased to €2,017,470.00. Thereafter, the
parties further agreed to refit the interior of the Azimut 64 yacht; the
purchase price was therefore increased to €2,047,470.00 (“the Azimut 64
Price”).

12 On or about 31 July 2013, Cip met Mison (“the 31 July 2013 Meeting”). What
the parties agreed during this meeting is also disputed. But it is clear that
Cip and Mison agreed that half of the €1m Deposit would be applied to the
purchase price of the Azimut 64 yacht (“the Compromise Agreement”). 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

PCB 195; PCB 547–549.

13 On 1 August 2013, the defendant issued a revised payment invoice for the
Azimut 64 yacht. This reflected the Compromise Agreement: the calculation of
the balance payable for the Azimut 64 yacht accounted for half of the €1m
Deposit. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

PCB 503.

Thereafter, Cip paid the balance sum and the defendant accordingly issued an
invoice on 5 August 2013. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

PCB 505.

14 On 16 September 2013, the Azimut 64 yacht arrived in Singapore. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

PCB 272.

15 On 2 October 2013, Cip, Anita, Toh Chee Ping (“Toh”, Cip’s personal
assistant), 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

AEIC of Toh Chee Ping dated 27 February 2017 (“Toh’s AEIC”) at para 4.

and Ken Pun Tze Chung (“Ken”, Cip’s boat surveyor), met Mison at Raffles
Marina to inspect the Azimut 64 yacht (“the 2 October 2013 Meeting”).
Additionally, it seems that Lau Man Tung, another of Cip’s assistants, and
Andi Sasmita, Cip’s Indonesian boat captain, were present. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript, 11 April 2017, pp 135–136; PCB 589–591.

Upon viewing the yacht, Cip discovered that the yacht’s two gearbox serial
numbers differed from those stated on the warranty certificate (“the First
Certificate”). 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

PCB 652–654.

Then, an altercation between Cip and Mison ensued. The details of this
altercation are disputed. Mison claimed that Cip punched him three times; the
plaintiff denied this claim.

16 On 3 March 2014, with Cip’s agreement, the defendant resold the Azimut 64
yacht to a third party for €1,865,510.00 (“the Resale Price” or “the Resale
Proceeds”). 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PCB 515–520.

17 On 15 August 2014, Cip commenced this suit. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Writ of summons dated 15 August 2014.

18 On 12 December 2014, the defendant paid €1,666,837.89 to Cip. The defendant
avers that this sum represents the balance of the Resale Proceeds after
deducting the sums claimed in its first three counterclaims (see [27(a)–27(c)]
below). 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 26; Mison’s AEIC at para 83.

The plaintiff does not dispute this computation.

The witnesses

19 The plaintiff called Anita, Toh and Aina as factual witnesses and Mr Sum
Chee Keong (“Sum”), a yacht dealer with 45 years of experience, 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

AEIC of Sum Chee Keong dated 27 February 2017 at para 1 and p 6.

as an expert witness.

20 The defendant called Mison, Grange, and Paul Whelan (“Whelan”), who was the
defendant’s General Manager for Southeast Asia at the material time, 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

AEIC of Paul Thomas Whelan dated 27 February 2017 (Whelan’s AEIC) at para 3.

as factual witnesses. The defendant also called Mr Donald Richard Arthur
Lamble (“Lamble”), a marine surveyor with more than 40 years’ experience in
the shipping and pleasure craft business, 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

AEIC of Donald Richard Arthur Lamble dated 21 February 2017 at para 1 and p 8.

as its expert witness.

The parties’ cases

The statement of claim

21 The plaintiff’s case has two prongs. First, in respect of the €1m Deposit,
the plaintiff’s case is that the parties made two oral agreements:

(a) During the 26 April 2013 Meeting, Cip agreed to pay the €1m Deposit to the
defendant as a holding deposit for the Azimut 100 yachts (“the 1st Holding
Agreement”). It was an express or implied term of the 1st Holding Agreement
that the defendant would return the €1m Deposit to Cip if he did not
subsequently contract to purchase a yacht. Since Cip did not agree to buy
either of the Azimut 100 yachts, the €1m Deposit was repayable to Cip. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 6, 8 and 11–12.

(b) Upon making the Compromise Agreement, by which half of the €1m Deposit was
applied towards the purchase of the Azimut 64 yacht, the parties also agreed
that the defendant would hold the other half of the €1m Deposit (“the €500k
Remainder”) while Cip considered buying another yacht (“the 2nd Holding
Agreement”). It was an express or implied term of the 2nd Holding Agreement
that the defendant would return the €500k Remainder to Cip if he did not
subsequently buy another yacht from the defendant. As Cip did not buy another
yacht from the defendant, Cip is entitled to recover the €500k Remainder
either in accordance with the 2nd Holding Agreement or by way of restitution.
32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 13–16.

22 Secondly, in respect of the Azimut 64 yacht, the plaintiff claims that the
defendant repudiated the Azimut 64 Contract by failing to hand over the Azimut
64 yacht and by selling it to a third party. The plaintiff accepted the
repudiation. Therefore, there was a total failure of consideration and the
plaintiff is entitled to the purchase price of €2,047,470.00 by way of
restitution. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 22–28.

23 The plaintiff thus claims a total of €2,547,470.00 (comprising the €500k
Remainder and the purchase price of the Azimut 64 yacht) by way of
restitution, as well as interest and costs from the defendant. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Statement of claim (Amendment No 1) at paras 29.

However, I note that the defendant has already paid some of the Resale
Proceeds to Cip (see [18] above). Therefore, as Anita acknowledged, the
maximum sum which I may award to Cip in respect of the Azimut 64 yacht is
€380,632.11 (being the difference between the Azimut 64 Price and the quantum
of the Resale Proceeds already paid to the plaintiff). 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Anita’s AEIC at paras 26 and 28.

The total maximum sum which the plaintiff may obtain for his entire claim is
therefore €880,632.11.

The defence and counterclaim

24 The defendant avers that, in March 2013, Cip agreed to purchase two yachts:
either of the Azimut 100 yachts, and a smaller yacht. 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 5.

25 In respect of the €1m Deposit, the defence is, in gist, that the €1m
Deposit was paid as a non-refundable deposit. In particular, the defendant
pleads as follows:

(a) First, on or about 26 April 2013, Cip agreed to pay the €1m Deposit as
earnest monies for Azimut to hold the Azimut 100 yachts off the market for
three weeks pending Cip’s viewing and decision to purchase either yacht. There
was an express agreement by incorporation of the defendant’s Standard Terms
and Conditions (“the T&C”) that the €1m Deposit would be non-refundable, or
alternatively an implied term to that effect. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 21, 47 and 49–50.

(b) Secondly, on or about 8 May 2013, Cip agreed with Grange that the €1m
Deposit would be paid to Azimut as a non-refundable deposit to reserve the
Azimut 100L #15 and another Azimut 100 Grande yacht (hull number 15) (“the
Azimut 100G #15”). Moreover, the plaintiff is estopped from claiming the €500k
Remainder as the defendant paid the €1m Deposit to Azimut in reliance on Cip’s
representation that he was prepared to pay the €1m Deposit as a non-refundable
deposit to Azimut. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 28–29 and 55.

(c) Thirdly, on 31 July 2013, when the Compromise Agreement was made, Cip also
expressly agreed that the €500k Remainder would be applied towards purchasing
another Azimut yacht, which was to be larger than the Azimut 64 yacht (“a
Larger Yacht”), before the end of August 2014; and that, if no such purchase
was made by the end of August 2014, Azimut would forfeit the €500k Remainder.
Alternatively, there was an express agreement by incorporation or an implied
term to that effect. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 34–35 and 53.

26 In respect of the Azimut 64 yacht, the defendant avers that Cip refused to
accept the yacht and to participate in its handover for baseless reasons, and
subsequently agreed to the sale of the Azimut 64 yacht to a third party.
Further and/or alternatively, the defendant claims that the yacht was sold in
accordance with the Azimut 64 Contract; and that Cip repudiated the contract
by failing to take possession of the yacht, which repudiation was accepted by
the defendant when it sold the yacht. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 15–18 and 62–64.

27 The defendant counterclaims for the following (“the counterclaim”): 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 12–19 and 69–73.

(a) Expenses of S$19,619.40 for insurance and maintenance. The defendant avers
that Cip did not purchase insurance as was required under the Azimut 64
Contract, which led it to incur costs (“the insurance costs”) in purchasing
the same on his behalf. The defendant also claims that Cip’s failure to take
possession of the Azimut 64 yacht led it to incur maintenance charges (“the
maintenance costs”).

(b) Damages of €186,551.00 or to be assessed, for the defendant’s alleged
costs in reselling the Azimut 64 yacht (“the resale costs”).

(c) Damages of S$69.00, the cost of reimbursing Mison’s medical expenses for
injuries which Mison allegedly suffered due to Cip’s alleged attack on him on
2 October 2013 (“the medical costs”).

(d) Damages for the plaintiff’s repudiatory breach in failing to complete the
purchase of either of the Azimut 100 yachts.

The reply and defence to counterclaim

28 In reply, the plaintiff denies that there was any agreement between the
parties, express or implied, that the €1m Deposit would be paid as a non-
refundable holding deposit. The plaintiff further avers that Cip did not agree
to buy any yacht from the defendant except for the Azimut 64 yacht. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Reply and defence to counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 1C.

29 In defence to the counterclaim, the plaintiff denies that it is indebted to
the defendant for the sums claimed. In respect of the maintenance costs, the
defendant did not hand over the Azimut 64 yacht; in relation to the resale
costs, there is no contractual basis for such costs and Cip did not agree to
the Resale Price nor was his consent sought to the same. The plaintiff also
denies being in repudiatory breach and being liable for the losses arising
from the said breach. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Reply and defence to counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at paras 2–4 and 5.

The issues

30 The parties’ cases are joined over three broad issues:

(a) Whether the plaintiff is entitled to recover the €500k Remainder (“the
Deposit Issue”);

(b) Whether the plaintiff is entitled to recover the Azimut 64 Price (“the
Azimut 64 Issue”);

(c) Whether the counterclaim succeeds (“the Counterclaim Issue”).

31 I will deal with these issues in turn.

The Deposit Issue

32 I first set out the parties’ submissions on this issue.

The plaintiff’s submissions

33 First, the plaintiff submits that the €1m Deposit was a pre-contractual
deposit, and was thus prima facie recoverable if Cip did not enter into a
contract to buy either of the Azimut 100 yachts. As Cip did not enter into any
such contract, Cip had a prima facie right to recover the €1m Deposit. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 49–55.

Furthermore, once Azimut sold the Azimut 100G #12 to another buyer (see [8]
above), “the entire basis for the payment … fell away”; Cip was entitled to a
return of the €1m Deposit. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 126 and 188; Plaintiff’s reply
submissions at paras 6 and 69–74.

34 Secondly, the plaintiff submits that Cip did not agree that the €1m Deposit
would be non-refundable during the 26 April, 8 May and 31 July 2013 Meetings,
and that no term to that effect should be implied into the contract. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 7b, 146–195; Plaintiff’s reply
submissions at paras 11-64.

35 Finally, since the parties made the Compromise Agreement, the plaintiff is
entitled to the balance of the €1m Deposit, ie, the €500k Remainder. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 167 and 206.

The defendant’s submissions

36 First, the defendant submits that, contrary to what Anita claimed during
the trial, the parties did not agree that the €1m Deposit would be offset
against the purchase price of the Azimut 64 yacht if Cip did not purchase
either of the Azimut 100 yachts. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 76–96.

However, as the defendant notes in its reply closing submissions, 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at para 9.

the plaintiff has abandoned this claim. I therefore say no more about it.

37 Secondly, the defendant submits that the plaintiff did not plead that the
€1m Deposit was a pre-contractual deposit; moreover, in any event, this claim
is erroneous. The defendant argues that, on 26 April 2013, Cip agreed to buy
either of the Azimut 100 yachts and that the €1m Deposit would be paid as a
non-refundable deposit to reserve both of these yachts. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 97a and 101–113; Defendant’s reply
submissions at paras 29–60.

In this regard, the defendant submits that the T&C, which provided for the €1m
Deposit to be paid as a non-refundable deposit, were incorporated into the
parties’ agreement on 26 April 2013.

38 Thirdly, the defendant submits that Cip agreed during the 8 May 2013
Meeting that the defendant should pay the €1m Deposit to Azimut as a non-
refundable deposit to reserve the Azimut 100L #15 and the Azimut 100G #15.
Moreover, Cip agreed during the 31 July 2013 Meeting that the €500k Remainder
would have to be used to purchase a Larger Yacht, failing which it would be
forfeited. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 97b–97c and 119–134.

39 Fourthly, the defendant submits that, alternatively, it was an implied term
of the purported agreements that the €500k Deposit was non-refundable. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 98 and 135–139.

40 Finally, the defendant submits that the €1m Deposit was a reasonable amount
for a deposit. Thus, in view of all of the defendant’s submissions, the
plaintiff has no basis to recover the €500k Remainder. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 140–145.

My decision

41 In relation to the Deposit Issue, four questions fall to be answered:

(a) First, what was the nature and basis of the €1m Deposit when it was paid
to the defendant on 29 April 2013?

(b) Secondly, in light of the answer to question (a), was Cip entitled to
recover the €1m Deposit after Azimut sold the Azimut 100G #12?

(c) Thirdly, did Cip agree during the 8 May 2013 Meeting that the €1m Deposit
should be paid to Azimut as a non-refundable deposit?

(d) Fourthly, did Cip agree during the 31 July 2013 Meeting that the €500k
Remainder would have to be used to buy a Larger Yacht and that it would
otherwise be forfeited?

The nature and basis of the €1m Deposit

42 I find that, during the 26 April 2013 meeting, Cip and the defendant orally
agreed that Cip would pay the €1m Deposit to the defendant as a holding
deposit to secure the two Azimut 100 yachts until 15 May 2013; and that the
€1m Deposit would become the initial down payment on either yacht once Cip
made his choice between the yachts (“the Holding Deposit Agreement”). This is
clear beyond peradventure from the Deposit Invoice, Mison’s evidence and the
contemporaneous communications between the parties.

43 First, the Deposit Invoice, which Cip signed on 26 April 2013, reflects and
records the Holding Deposit Agreement. It describes the €1m Deposit as
follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

PCB 496.

Being holding deposit against a Azimut Leonardo 100#15 OR an Azimut Grande
100#12 as per attached quotes. Deposit will secure both yachts until 15th May
2013 at which time the deposit will be transferred to either yacht to become
the initial down payment. [emphasis added]

44 Secondly, Mison testified that the parties made (a) the Holding Deposit
Agreement on 26 April 2013 rather than (b) the agreement that the defendant
contends for, ie, that the €1m Deposit would be paid as a non-refundable
deposit (see [37] above). His evidence in relation to (a) and (b) was as
follows:

(a) Mison said that, upon presenting the Deposit Invoice to Cip, he told Cip
that the defendant was “going to hold the two Azimuts for him until 15 May”.
The plaintiff’s counsel, Ms Anna Oei (“Ms Oei”), asked Mison if he had told
Cip: “Look, the €1 million is to hold these two Azimuts”, viz, the Azimut 100
yachts. Mison replied in the affirmative. Mison also testified that he told
Cip that the €1m Deposit would be used as the initial down payment on one of
the Azimut 100 yachts. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, pp 21–26.

(b) Mison agreed that, once Azimut sold the Azimut 100G #12, Cip would have
been entitled to a refund of his deposit as the factual basis of the €1m
Deposit was gone. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, pp 45–48.

This indicates that the parties did not agree that the €1m Deposit would be
non-refundable in any event.

45 Thirdly, the parties’ contemporaneous communications demonstrate that they
did not agree that the €1m Deposit would be paid as a non-refundable deposit,
as the defendant contends (see [37] above). On 4 May 2013, after being told
that the Azimut 100G #12 was no longer available, Cip sent an SMS to Mison
instructing him not to send the €1m Deposit to Azimut. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

PCB 562.

Significantly, on the same day, Mison replied stating that he would “… return
it to [Cip] right away”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

PCB 563.

In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mison suggested that he did
not intend this reply to mean that the €1m Deposit was refundable. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 38.

However, he disclaimed this suggestion during cross-examination. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, p 59.

The fact that Mison was ready to return the €1m Deposit “right away” indicates
that the parties did not agree that the €1m Deposit would be non-refundable.

46 Having found that the parties made the Holding Deposit Agreement, I now
clarify its scope and nature by making further findings with reference to the
parties’ contentions in their pleadings and submissions.

47 First, I do not accept the plaintiff’s contention that it is an express or
implied term of the Holding Deposit Agreement that the €1m Deposit would be
returned to the plaintiff if Cip did not contract to purchase a yacht (see
[21(a)] above). As the defendant notes, the plaintiff has not pursued this
point in submissions. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at para 9.

In any case, I find, in view of the Deposit Invoice and Mison’s evidence (see
[43]–[44] above), that there is no such express term.

48 I also find that there is no such implied term. In Sembcorp Marine Ltd v
PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another and another appeal [2013] 4 SLR 193
(“Sembcorp Marine”), Sundaresh Menon CJ (“Menon CJ”), in delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal (“the CA”), laid down the following three-
stage test for the implication of terms at [101]:

(a) The first step is to ascertain how the gap in the contract arises.
Implication will be considered only if the court discerns that the gap arose
because the parties did not contemplate the gap.

(b) At the second step, the court considers whether it is necessary in the
business or commercial sense to imply a term in order to give the contract
efficacy.

(c) Finally, the court considers the specific term to be implied. This must be
one which the parties, having regard to the need for business efficacy, would
have responded “Oh, of course!” had the proposed term been put to them at time
of the contract. If it is not possible to find such a clear response, then,
the gap persists and the consequences of that gap ensue.

[emphasis added]

In my view, the term that the plaintiff contends for does not meet the second
step of the Sembcorp Marine test. The commercial purpose of agreements such as
the Holding Deposit Agreement is plain. It is to ensure that the recipient of
the deposit takes an asset off the market, while the counterparty decides
whether to contract for it. In the interim, the recipient forgoes the freedom
of entering into equivalent transactions with others in relation to the asset.
Such deposits are generally non-refundable in that, if the party decides not
to contract for the asset, and the recipient has not breached the agreement,
he or she may not recover the deposit. The non-refundable nature of the
deposit ensures that, in such a case, the recipient is compensated for the
opportunity cost incurred in taking the asset off the market. Thus, in this
light, implying the term that the plaintiff contends for would, far from
giving the Holding Deposit Agreement efficacy in the business or commercial
sense, flout its commercial purpose.

49 Secondly, in my view, the plaintiff’s reliance on the general rule that a
pre-contractual deposit is prima facie recoverable, if the prospective
contract in anticipation of which it was made does not come into existence
(see [33] above), is misplaced. For the reasons given at [58]–[60(b)] below, I
agree that the €1m Deposit was a pre-contractual deposit in the sense that it
was made before Cip contracted to purchase either of the Azimut 100 yachts.
But I do not think that it was a pre-contractual deposit in the sense that it
was paid on the basis that such a contract would subsequently come into
existence; such that, if no contract was eventually made, the basis of the
payment would have failed and the €1m Deposit would be recoverable. Pre-
contractual deposits are generally understood in this latter sense: see
Charles Mitchell, Paul Mitchell & Stephen Watterson, Goff & Jones: The Law of
Unjust Enrichment (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2016) at para 14–06. However, not
all pre-contractual deposits are of this nature. In United Artists Singapore
Theatres Pte Ltd and another v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and another [2003] 1
SLR(R) 791, Belinda Ang JC (as she then was), having stated the general rule,
recognised this point at [76]:

As to whether a payee is entitled to retain a pre-contract payment depends in
each case upon the construction of the document or correspondence under which
that payment is made. … [emphasis added]

In Supercars Lorinser Pte Ltd and another v Benzline Auto Pte Ltd [2016] SGHC
281, Aedit Abdullah JC (as he then was) observed as follows at [38]–[41]:

38 … But a payment in the form of a deposit, may also be paid before a
contract is concluded. This would usually serve to indicate earnestness or
seriousness. Such a deposit may be repayable if the basis on which it was paid
does fail …

…

40 If such payments showing seriousness are made, and these payments cannot be
construed in any way, as for instance as a gift, the doctrine of failure of
basis applies, and these payments are recoverable as reversal of unjust
enrichment or restitution.

41 What is the basis must be determined objectively. …

[emphasis added]

The following two principles are clear from these passages:

(a) First, what is vital in each case is to identify the precise basis on
which the payment was made. Classifying the payment as a pre-contractual
deposit or otherwise is not determinative in itself. The precise basis on
which the payment was made must be identified so as to ascertain whether the
basis has (totally) failed, in which case the payor may sue in unjust
enrichment for restitution of the sum, on the ground of (total) failure of
consideration (also known as failure of basis).

(b) Secondly, the basis of the payment must be identified objectively by
construing the relevant documents and correspondence pursuant to which the
payment was made.

50 In this case, the evidence (see [43]–[45] above) is that the €1m Deposit
was paid on the following basis (and I have so found at [42] above):

(a) it would secure the Azimut 100 yachts until 15 May 2013; and

(b) thereafter, it would become the initial down payment on one of those
yachts, viz, the yacht that Cip chose to buy.

If the €1m Deposit had secured the Azimut 100 yachts until 15 May 2013, and
Cip had then decided not to purchase either yacht, Cip would not have been
entitled to recover the €1m Deposit. For in that scenario, the basis upon
which Cip made the €1m Deposit would not have totally failed. But in this
case, the €1m Deposit did not secure the Azimut 100 yachts until 15 May 2013
for Cip to choose between them, because Azimut sold one of the two yachts on
around 30 April 2013 (see [8] above). There was therefore a total failure of
consideration or failure of basis. For this reason, other things being equal,
Cip was entitled to recover the €1m Deposit after 30 April 2013 (see [62]
below).

51 Thirdly, the defendant argues that the Deposit Invoice incorporated cll 1.7
and 4.1 of the T&C: the parties therefore expressly agreed that the €1m
Deposit would not be refundable under any circumstances (see [25(a)] above).
Clauses 1.7 and 4.1 state: 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

P1.

1.7 “Deposit” means the initial payment for the purchase of the yacht;

…

4.1 The Deposit will be due on the Contract Date. In no circumstances will the
Deposit be returned to the Buyer.

[emphasis added]

The defendant’s case is that cll 1.7 and 4.1 were incorporated by notice into
the Holding Deposit Agreement for the following reasons: 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 50; Defendant’s closing
submissions at paras 103–106; Defendant’s reply submissions at paras 56–60.

(a) the defendant used the word “deposit” in correspondence with Cip before
Cip paid the €1m Deposit, and in the Deposit Invoice;

(b) Cip signed the Azimut 62S and Azimut 64 Contracts before paying the €1m
Deposit, and those contracts incorporated the T&C and

(c) the defendant gave Cip the quotations for the Azimut 100 yachts, which
were stated to be subject to the T&C.

52 However, I do not accept this submission. In R1 International Pte Ltd v
Lonstroff AG [2015] 1 SLR 521, Menon CJ, delivering the CA’s grounds of
decision, made the following observations on the incorporation of terms into
contracts at [51]:

First, the law adopts an objective approach towards questions of contractual
formation and the incorporation of terms. Put another way, the question of …
whether the terms of the second Contract Note had been incorporated into the
Second Supply Contract turned on ascertaining the parties’ objective
intentions gleaned from their correspondence and conduct in light of the
relevant background as disclosed by the evidence. The relevant background
includes the industry in which the parties are in, the character of the
document which contains the terms in question as well as the course of
dealings between the parties … [emphasis added]

As authority for the final italicised proposition in the extract above, the CA
cited ABB Holdings Pte Ltd and others v Sher Hock Guan Charles [2009] 4 SLR(R)
111, where Prakash J (as she then was) stated the following proposition at
[24]:

… (c) where it is a matter of inferring the contractual intention, the
“character of the document” and the relevant part of it and whether it is “apt
to form part of the contract” are central to deciding whether or not the
inference should be drawn. [emphasis in original]

53 In my judgment, on an objective ascertainment of the parties’ intentions,
the parties did not intend that cll 1.7 and 4.1 should form part of the
Holding Deposit Agreement, for the following reasons:

(a) First, in respect of the T&C as a whole, they are terms and conditions of
sale, which requires the conclusion of a contract to purchase a specific yacht
from the defendant. Thus, I do not think that the parties intended that the
T&C form part of the Holding Deposit Agreement, which is not such a contract
(see [58]–[60(b)] below).

(b) Secondly, in respect of cll 1.7 and 4.1 specifically, the parties could
not have intended these provisions to apply to the €1m Deposit:

(i) The plaintiff notes that cl 4.1 refers to “the Deposit”, which is defined
in cl 1.7 as “the initial payment for the purchase of the yacht”. Clauses 1.7
and 4.1 therefore could not apply to the €1m Deposit, which was not a deposit
paid upon a purchase having been made. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 89–95.

The defendant replies that the Deposit Invoice indicated that the €1m Deposit
would become the initial down payment for either of the Azimut 100 yachts, and
that, by signing the Deposit Invoice, Cip agreed to purchase either of the
said yachts. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at paras 58–59.

However, as I explain at [58]–[60(b)] below, I do not agree with the
defendant. In any case, cl 1.7 envisions the purchase of a specific yacht,
given the use of the phrase “the yacht”, and not a contract to purchase either
of two yachts.

(ii) Moreover, cl 4.1 states that the deposit “will be due on the Contract
Date”, which is defined in cl 1.4 as “the date of signing of the second
signature on the Order Form of the Buyer or Seller whichever is later in
time”. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

P1.

But the parties could not have intended that the €1m Deposit be due on the
Contract Date, for its purpose was to hold the Azimut 100 yachts off the
market while Cip decided which yacht to buy. On the Contract Date, the €1m
Deposit would have been otiose because Cip would have already decided to buy a
specific yacht by that date.

(iii) Furthermore, cl 4.1 provides that the Deposit will not be returned to
“the Buyer” which is defined in cl 1.1 as “the legal person who accepts the
Seller’s written quotation for sale of the Craft or whose written order for
the Craft is accepted by the Seller”. The “Craft”, which is a singular term,
is defined in cl 1.2 as “the yacht and any other components or items which the
Seller is to provide in accordance with the Contract”; and cl 1.3 defines “the
Contract” to include the “Order Contract”. But it is not in dispute that there
was no Order Contract for either of the Azimut 100 yachts. Accordingly, the
references to “the Contract”, “the Craft” and “the Buyer” have no application.
Ultimately, this point illustrates the more general point made at (a) above
that the T&C envision the conclusion of a contract to purchase a specific
yacht from the defendant.

54 Additionally, the express words of incorporation used in the Azimut 64
Contract are absent from the Deposit Invoice. The Azimut 64 Contract states:
67

##### Foot Note 67

×

PCB 491–495.

This sale is subject to the Seller’s Standard Terms and Conditions which are
hereby expressly incorporated in full and appended to this Order Contract. In
signing this Order Contract, the Buyer hereby confirms and agrees that the
Standard Terms & Conditions … have been incorporated in full into this
contract of sale. … [emphasis added]

No such words are used in the Deposit Invoice.

55 For the above reasons, I find that the parties did not intend that cll 1.7
and 4.1 should be part of the Holding Deposit Agreement. I do not accept that
these provisions were incorporated into that agreement.

56 Fourthly, the defendant argues that a term that the €1m Deposit “would not
be refunded if [Cip] did not proceed with the purchase of either the Azimut
100L or 100G” should be implied into the Holding Deposit Agreement. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 135–139.

I disagree. I have found that a term to the opposite effect should not be
implied into the Holding Deposit Agreement, for it would flout the commercial
purpose of such agreements (see [48] above). But equally, I do not think that
the term which the defendant proposes is necessary in the business or
commercial sense. It is too broad. In particular, it does not distinguish
between (1) a case where Cip chose not to purchase either yacht, of his own
volition, with the €1m Deposit having served its purpose as a holding deposit
and (2) a case like the present, where the primary aim of the €1m Deposit was
not achieved. In my judgment, in situation (2), refunding the holding deposit
is in line with commercial sense. In this regard, I note that two of the
defendant’s factual witnesses, Mison and Grange, conceded that, after the
Azimut 100G #12 was sold, Cip was entitled to a refund of the €1m Deposit. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, pp 45–48 and pp 56–57; Transcript, 19 April 2017, p
31.

Thus, I find that the term that the defendant proposes should not be implied
into the Holding Deposit Agreement because it does not satisfy the second
stage of the Sembcorp Marine test (see [48] above).

57 Finally, the defendant submits that, on 26 April 2013, by signing the
Deposit Invoice, Cip entered into a contract to purchase either the Azimut
100G #12 or the Azimut 100L #15 (see [37] above). I cannot accept this
submission for the following reasons.

58 First, the defendant did not plead this contention. Rather, as the
plaintiff points out, 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Plaintiff’s reply submissions at para 9.

the defendant pleaded that, on or around March 2013, Cip agreed to buy one of
the Azimut 100 yachts and a smaller yacht (see [24] above).

59 Secondly, Mison’s evidence does not strongly support the defendant’s
submission. Mison did not depose that Cip contracted to buy one of the two
Azimut 100 yachts on 26 April 2013. While Mison initially made this claim
during cross-examination, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 160.

he later retreated to the following position: 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, pp 161–163.

…

A. I will say that he committed to buying this boat as well as another boat
with the option to, how can I say it? He was going to buy one or the other. I
can’t say he was going to buy this boat. I can say he was going to buy one or
the other.

…

A. … he had a choice to buy one of two boats and he had bought -- he committed
to buying one of two boats.

…

A. … He decided to buy one of two boats, and so we had complete contracts on
two boats and he committed to buy one of the two boats.

…

Q. … He had complete contracts to buy one of two boats?

A. Ah, all right. All right. This would be –

…

A. I would like to correct my statement, if I can?

COURT: Yes. What do you want to correct it to?

A. I would like to say he had complete quotations.

…

[emphasis added]

I find this testimony telling for two reasons. First, Mison drew a distinction
between buying one of two boats, and committing to buying one of two boats (in
the third italicised sentence in the extract above). Secondly, Mison could not
maintain that there were complete contracts to buy one or two boats. He could
only state that Cip had “complete quotations” for the Azimut 100 yachts.

60 Thirdly, on an objective ascertainment of the parties’ intentions, I do not
think they entered into a contract to purchase either of the Azimut 100 yachts
on 26 April 2013. I find that, when the Holding Deposit Agreement was signed,
the parties envisioned and intended that they would subsequently enter into a
contract of sale for a specific yacht, one of the Azimut 100 yachts. The
parties contemplated that that further contract would govern their rights and
duties as buyer and seller, not the agreement on 26 April 2013. In my
judgment, the latter agreement is best construed as, in part, an agreement to
agree, ie, an agreement to enter into a contract of sale for one of the Azimut
100 yachts. (To be clear, I say “in part” because the Holding Deposit
Agreement was also an agreement that the Azimut 100 yachts would be held off
the market for Cip to choose between them.) The following two points indicate
that the agreement on 26 April 2013 was not a contract of sale:

(a) On 26 April 2013, the price of the Azimut 100 yachts had not been agreed.
The defendant argues that the parties agreed on the prices as stated in the
quotations to which the Deposit Invoice referred, and which Cip had received
before he signed the Deposit Invoice. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 111b; Defendant’s reply submissions at
paras 38–41.

Yet both quotations stated: “[a]ll prices are indicative only and subject to
final confirmation and approval at time of contract” [emphasis added]. Mison
explained that this provision meant that the prices in the quotations were
subject to final approval at the time of the Order Contract for the relevant
yacht. He acknowledged that this was because, between the quotation and the
Order Contract, the defendant might offer a bigger discount and the
contractual specifications of the yacht might change. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, pp 5–6.

The defendant argues that the aforementioned statement in the quotations only
meant that the agreed prices therein could be varied. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 111b.

I do not find this argument persuasive. A price which is “indicative only” and
“subject to final confirmation and approval” is one that has not been agreed.

(b) The differences between the Deposit Invoice and the Azimut 64 Contract,
which Cip signed on the same day, belie the defendant’s case that, by signing
the former document, Cip contracted to purchase either of the Azimut 100
yachts. The Azimut 64 Contract included the following statements:

This sale is subject to the Seller’s Standard Terms and Conditions … In
signing this Order Contract, the Buyer hereby confirms and agrees that the
Standard Terms & Conditions … have been incorporated in full into this
contract of sale.

...

This document is intended to create a legally binding contract; if you are
unsure of any of the conditions you are advised to take appropriate legal
advice.

[emphasis added]

The Deposit Invoice did not contain similar statements. This indicates that it
was not intended to be a contract of sale. I also note that Cip signed every
page of the Azimut 64 Contract, but not the quotations for the Azimut 100
yachts. During cross-examination, Mison even conceded that he could not say
that he had given Cip the two quotations during the 26 April 2013 Meeting. 76

##### Foot Note 76

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, p 23.

61 For these reasons, I find that Cip did not contract to purchase either the
Azimut 100G #12 or the Azimut 100L #15 on 26 April 2013.

The position on 30 April 2013

62 It follows from my findings above that, after Azimut sold the Azimut 100G
#12, Cip was entitled to recover the €1m Deposit, for the basis upon which he
had paid the €1m Deposit, viz, that Azimut would hold the two Azimut 100
yachts off the market for him until 15 May 2013 for him to choose between
them, whereupon the €1m Deposit would become the initial down payment for the
chosen yacht, had totally failed. Both Mison and Grange admitted this (see
[56] above) in cross-examination, and I so find.

The 8 May 2013 Meeting

63 The defendant’s case is that, during the 8 May 2013 Meeting, Cip agreed
with Grange and/or represented that the €1m Deposit should be paid to Azimut
as a non-refundable deposit to reserve the Azimut 100L #15 and the Azimut 100G
#15 (see [25(b)] above). The defendant relies on Grange’s evidence that he
told Cip that the €1m Deposit would be non-refundable if Cip did not purchase
either yacht, and that Cip acknowledged this position. 77

##### Foot Note 77

×

Grange’s AEIC at paras 14 and 16.

64 I find that there was no such agreement or representation.

65 First, as the plaintiff emphasises, 78

##### Foot Note 78

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 149–152.

the defendant has not produced any documentary evidence of the alleged
agreement or representation. In particular:

(a) there is no invoice, equivalent to the Deposit Invoice, which records the
alleged agreement or representation;

(b) there is no contemporaneous email or written communication to Cip stating
what the parties agreed or what Cip represented (in contrast to the 31 July
2013 Meeting, where Mison sent an SMS and emails to state what the parties had
agreed: see [72] below); and

(c) there is no internal correspondence evidencing Cip’s alleged agreement or
representation. Significantly, Grange testified that he had given the
instruction for the €1m Deposit to be remitted to Azimut and that he would be
“stunned” if that instruction had not been in writing. 79

##### Foot Note 79

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 43.

But I note that the defendant did not adduce documentary evidence of any such
instruction, which might have contained a record of what Cip had agreed to.

In my judgment, the lack of a written record evidencing the alleged agreement
or representation is critical for two reasons. First, the defendant is a
commercial party in the business of dealings in yachts. It therefore seems
likely that the defendant would have recorded agreements or representations
about significant sums of money in writing. The Deposit Invoice, which
recorded the Holding Deposit Agreement, and the various communications that
Mison sent to Cip that reflected their agreements or understandings bear this
point out. Secondly, and significantly, on 4 May 2013, Cip asked for the €1m
Deposit to be returned and Mison agreed to do so (see [45] above). In the
circumstances, if Cip had agreed or represented that the €1m Deposit should be
paid as a non-refundable deposit barely four days later, it is highly likely
that the defendant would have recorded the same in writing. But no such
written record was produced. This indicates that there was no such agreement
or representation.

66 Secondly, in August 2013, Cip sent several emails to Mison in which he
stated that he was entitled to a refund of the €1m Deposit. I shall refer to
three examples. The first is an email dated 11 August 2013: 80

##### Foot Note 80

×

PCB 241.

… Now are we clear on the deposit issue otherwise, there will be no more deals
other than the 64 but lawsuits to get my money back! I will be speaking with
my lawyer then about the deposit money that was given in good faith but not to
be taken advantage of! From the very beginning I have kept refusing to sign
any documents or agreements on what prices I agreed or commitment of any sort
about the 2nd and larger yacht before I get to go to Italy and see it for
myself! Now that its is coming to HK, I can do the seeing for myself however,
if the price is not right, I have the right to decline and pull out and have
my money refunded, as to what You or Paul agreed and understood from way back
when I first met you and told you about our interest in the larger yacht! …
[emphasis added]

On 12 August 2013, Cip stated the following in another email to Mison: 81

##### Foot Note 81

×

PCB 245.

… I want my deposit back! And I am saying RIGHT AWAY, otherwise I will even
sue you for the interest for holding on to my money and refusing to return it
despite having no right [to] be holding on to the money … [emphasis added]

On 28 August 2013, Cip sent the following email to Mison: 82

##### Foot Note 82

×

PCB 255.

… However I DO NEED MY €500k deposit back ASAP! The funds are needed else
where! … I will be getting a Ferreti or San Lorenzo so I need the €500k back
immediately, I’d [sic] you don’t acknowledge what I have been saying about the
deposit all this time and cannot settle this among ourselves, then I’ll be
forced to settle this in court and also sue for the lawyer fees and interest
on the deposit! … [emphasis added]

The defendant’s first response to Cip’s demands was on 3 September 2013, when
Mison replied to a further email from Cip of 2 September 2013 to demand for
the €500k Remainder yet again. The defendant responded as follows: 83

##### Foot Note 83

×

PCB 262.

… I just want to let you know that I am trying to help you however I
personally am not in a position to be able to refund your 10% deposit because
it is beyond my control.

However, I have again forwarded your request to our HK head office for them to
reply to you directly. …

Later that day, Grange sent an email to Cip which stated: 84

##### Foot Note 84

×

PCB 263.

… Peter has forwarded me your recent emails requesting the return of the
500,000 Euros balance of the 1 million Euros deposit that you placed with
Azimut to reserve the Leonardo 100 and Grande 100 in April. …

… As agreed at the time, your deposit was forwarded in full to Azimut to
reserve your choice of either the Leonardo 100-15 or Grande 100-15. I have
notified Azimut of your request to have the deposit returned and I await their
response.

[emphasis added]

I make two points about this chain of correspondence:

(a) In August 2013, Cip asserted several times, in strong language, that he
was entitled to (the balance of) the €1m Deposit and demanded its return. Yet
the defendant did not reply to these emails until 3 September 2013. Notably,
Mison deposed that he forwarded the 11 August 2013 email quoted above to
Grange (and Whelan) and it seems that he did the same for the 28 August 2013
email. 85

##### Foot Note 85

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 72; PCB 256.

Grange also testified that he was “certain that Peter [Mison] would have been
relaying [Cip’s] requests to me”. 86

##### Foot Note 86

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 55.

But at no time before 3 September 2013 did Grange respond to Cip to refer to
the 8 May 2013 Meeting, and to what Cip had allegedly agreed or represented
then. During re-examination, Grange candidly said that he was “not sure why
there was no official responses”. 87

##### Foot Note 87

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 55.

(b) Even on 3 September 2013, in his email to Cip, Grange did not state that
Cip had agreed or represented during the 8 May 2013 Meeting that the €1m
Deposit should be paid as a non-refundable deposit.

The defendant’s failure to raise the alleged agreement or representation, in
the face of Cip’s strongly worded assertions that he was entitled to a refund
of the €1m Deposit, indicates that there was no such agreement or
representation.

67 Thirdly, the nature of the Compromise Agreement raises doubts as to whether
Cip agreed or represented, during the 8 May 2013 Meeting, that the €1m Deposit
should be sent to Azimut as a non-refundable deposit. 88

##### Foot Note 88

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 185–187.

If Cip so agreed or represented, why did the defendant agree to the Compromise
Agreement? During cross-examination, Grange suggested that the defendant
wanted to preserve its reputation and to assist its clients. 89

##### Foot Note 89

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 35–37.

But, as Ms Oei suggested, the defendant could nonetheless have told Cip that,
while he was not entitled to have even half of the €1m Deposit applied to the
Azimut 64 Price, it was offering that course to him anyway (as a matter of
goodwill). 90

##### Foot Note 90

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 37.

Yet, the defendant did not make this clear at the time of the Compromise
Agreement. This weakens its case on what was agreed during the 8 May 2013
Meeting.

68 Finally, I note that the defendant sent €1m to Azimut on 9 May 2013 (see
[10] above). I accept that this may appear consistent with the defendant’s
case that Cip told Grange to do so on 8 May 2013. However, I cannot safely
infer from this alone that €1m was sent to Azimut because Cip agreed or
represented that €1m would be paid as a non-refundable deposit during the 8
May 2013 Meeting. In this regard, the following points are critical:

(a) It is undisputed that when a buyer purchased a new yacht through the
defendant, the buyer would enter into a contract with the defendant (“Contract
1”). 91

##### Foot Note 91

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 120.

For example, the counterparties to the Azimut 64 Contract were Cip and the
defendant (see [6(a)] above). The defendant would in turn enter into a
contract with the yacht manufacturer, eg, Azimut (“Contract 2”). (By contrast,
when a buyer purchased a used yacht through the defendant, there would only be
one contract of sale and purchase between the buyer and the seller. 92

##### Foot Note 92

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, pp 122–123.

)

(b) The terms of Contract 1 were to mirror those of Contract 2: the defendant
would try to ensure that the contracts were “back-to-back”. 93

##### Foot Note 93

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 7.

However, as Grange admitted, if there was a gap between the contracts, ie, a
difference in their terms, that would neither concern the buyer (for Contract
1) nor the seller (for Contract 2), who would be able to enforce their
respective contracts against the defendant. 94

##### Foot Note 94

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 8.

(c) In my view, the same logic applies to what Cip allegedly agreed on 8 May
2013. The defendant relies on the fact that it sent €1m to Azimut on 9 May
2013 to contend that Cip agreed, the day before, that this sum be sent to
Azimut as a non-refundable deposit. But the fact that the defendant sent €1m
to Azimut is a matter between the defendant and Azimut. It does not
necessarily follow that Cip agreed that the defendant should send the monies
as a non-refundable deposit. It may be that there was a gap in the agreements
between the parties.

(d) As noted at [65] above, the defendant has not produced any internal
documents or correspondence between its Singapore and Hong Kong offices to
evidence the facts and circumstances surrounding the remittance of the €1m to
Azimut on 9 May 2013. The defendant has also not produced any correspondence
with Azimut on this matter. This is despite the fact that Cip sent an SMS to
Mison on 4 May 2013 instructing him not to send the €1m Deposit to Azimut, to
which Mison replied, on the same day, stating that it would be returned to Cip
“right away” (see [45] above).

(e) For the reasons given at [65]–[67] above, the evidence strongly suggests
that Cip did not agree the €1m Deposit should be paid to Azimut as a non-
refundable deposit.

69 Therefore, I find on balance that Cip did not agree or represent, during
the 8 May 2013 Meeting, that the €1m Deposit should be paid to Azimut as a
non-refundable deposit to reserve the Azimut 100L #15 and the Azimut 100G #15.

The 31 July 2013 Meeting

70 The defendant’s case is that, during the 31 July 2013 Meeting, apart from
entering into the Compromise Agreement, Cip agreed to use the €500k Remainder
to buy a Larger Yacht before the end of August 2014, failing which the €500k
Remainder would be forfeited. The defendant pleads that there was an express
verbal agreement, or an agreement by incorporation or an implied term to this
effect (see [25(c)] above). I shall address these contentions in turn.

71 I do not accept the defendant’s claim that, during the 31 July 2013
Meeting, Cip verbally agreed to use the €500k Remainder to buy a Larger Yacht
by August 2014, failing which the €500k Remainder would be forfeited.

72 First, in my judgment, putting the oral evidence to one side for the
moment, the truth of what the parties agreed during the 31 July 2013 Meeting
can once again be found in the contemporaneous documents. On 31 July 2013,
Mison sent the following SMS to Aina: 95

##### Foot Note 95

×

PCB 547–548.

… I met with Cip today and have worked out a compromise. Azimut will use
500,000 of the 1,000,000 towards the 64 Azimut. Cip will use the other 500,000
to be put towards either an Azimut 76 or 100 Leonardo. Azimut is working on
the 76 and 100 so Cip can choose. [emphasis added]

Mison sent the following email to Melissa Ong, an employee of the CP Group who
dealt with finances, 96

##### Foot Note 96

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 4.

copying Cip (amongst others) on 1 August 2013: 97

##### Foot Note 97

×

PCB 195.

…

I had a meeting with Chip yesterday and have sorted out the final payment of
amount for his Azimut 64. Attached is a revised final payment invoice.

This invoice shows the original 500,000 euro that was transferred as the
deposit towards the 64. You had sent a separate 1,000,000 euro as a deposit to
go towards the purchase of an Azimut 100. Azimut has agreed to allow ½ of that
1,000,000 to be used to help to pay down the 64. This is why this invoice now
shows 2 x 500,000 euro been already paid as a deposit towards the 64.

…

Note also that I am currently working with Chip regarding the other 500,000
euro deposit that Azimut is holding to be used to buy another bigger Azimut
(possibly still a 100). …

Later that day, Mison sent the following email to Cip: 98

##### Foot Note 98

×

PCB 198.

…

Paul Grange has been working hard to persuade Azimut to agree to let allow
[sic] you to use half of your one million euro deposit to put towards your 64
and they finally agreed. He has also been pushing them to let you use the
other half million to be used to buy a Magellano 76, but until now, they have
replied that they would much prefer to have you continue to move forward with
the 100 Leonardo. …

…

From Azimut’s stand point the 76 would be a new build so they cannot offer any
“very special” pricing. The same goes for the 100 Grande. …

…

So please think hard if you would like to take advantage of this opportunity
to buy the 100L with a 25% discount. And I will continue to work with Paul to
see what can be done regarding either a 76 Magellano or a 100 Grande. …

[emphasis added]

I note the following points about these communications:

(a) Mison did not mention the alleged deadline of August 2014.

(b) Mison did not state that Cip had agreed that, if he did not buy a Larger
Yacht, the €500k Remainder would be forfeited.

(c) While Mison referred to two specific yachts in his SMS, his emails
indicate that Cip had not agreed to buy either of these two yachts.
Importantly, the second email of 1 August 2013 suggests that Cip was also
considering an Azimut 100 Grande yacht.

Thus, I find that Cip did not verbally agree, during the 31 July 2013 Meeting,
to use the €500k Remainder to buy a Larger Yacht before the end of August
2014, failing which the €500k Remainder would be forfeited. I find that Cip
agreed that, if he chose to purchase a Larger Yacht, the €500k Remainder would
be applied to its purchase price.

73 Secondly, the reasoning at [66] above applies mutatis mutandis to the
defendant’s case on what was agreed during the 31 July 2013 Meeting. In short,
in August 2013, Cip sent several emails to the defendant in which he demanded
the return of the €500k Remainder; yet, the defendant did not promptly reply
to Cip’s demands to state that Cip had agreed, during the 31 July 2013
Meeting, that the €500k Remainder would be non-refundable. Again, when Grange
replied to Cip’s demands on 3 September 2013, he did not refer to the 31 July
2013 Meeting at all. Moreover, in my judgment, the reasoning at [66] above
applies a fortiori because when Cip made his demands in August 2013, the 31
July 2013 Meeting had just been concluded. That the defendant did not raise
the alleged agreement in response to Cip’s demands, when it had purportedly
been made just days or weeks before, indicates that there was no such
agreement.

74 Thirdly, the following three considerations taken together indicate that
Cip would not have made the agreement that the defendant contends for:

(a) Prior to the 31 July 2013 Meeting, the relationship between Cip and Mison
had begun to deteriorate, with Cip indicating that he did not wish to have
further dealings with the defendant. This is manifest in Cip’s communications
with Mison; in particular, Cip sent the following SMS to Mison on 7 July 2013:
99

##### Foot Note 99

×

PCB 568.

To be crystal clear, no 100 ft Yacht from you! But from your competitor! You
don’t intimidate me with your ridiculous attempt to add another c… [emphasis
added]

(b) From Cip’s perspective, he would have had nothing to gain by agreeing that
the €500k Remainder would be non-refundable.

(c) Grange, Mison’s manager, described Mison as follows: 100

##### Foot Note 100

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 54–55.

… Peter Mison is just a super nice guy. He bends over doubly backwards for his
customers. There is no end that he will not go. So as a manager, you have to
kind of control Peter because he will work really tirelessly for the client,
almost too much at times, and he was always trying to do the very best for
Chip.

So Peter needs a firm guidance. He needs very clear instructions because,
otherwise, he will just keep going way down a path and say too much and so you
have to be very, very specific.

[emphasis added]

By contrast, Cip’s emails reveal that he was a forceful and savvy businessman
who was keen to ensure that he was not taken advantage of by dealers. In
February 2013, soon after he first met Mison, he sought Mison’s help in
dealing with a Ferrari dealer who he felt had taken advantage of him. 101

##### Foot Note 101

×

PCB 15–17; Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 142.

Thus, I find it unlikely that Cip would have made the agreement that the
defendant contends for.

75 I also find that there was no agreement by incorporation that the €500k
Remainder would be used to buy a Larger Yacht by August 2014, failing which it
would be forfeited. Here, the defendant presses the same argument that it
raised in submitting that the €1m Deposit would not be refundable under any
circumstances. I have rejected this argument at [51]–[55] above; those reasons
apply here too. In my judgment, the parties did not intend to incorporate cll
1.7 and 4.1 of the T&C into what was agreed on 31 July 2013 as the T&C apply
to sales of specific yachts and the parties made no such contract of sale on
31 July 2013. The parties also did not use the express words of incorporation
found in the Deposit Invoice to indicate their intention to incorporate cll
1.7 and 4.1 into what they agreed during the 31 July 2013 Meeting.

76 Finally, applying the Sembcorp Marine test (see [48] above), I do not
accept that there was an implied term to the effect that the €1m Deposit would
be forfeited if it was not used to purchase a Larger Yacht by the end of
August 2014.

(a) First, there is insufficient evidence for me to find that, on 31 July
2013, the parties did not contemplate the possibility that Cip would not
purchase a Larger Yacht at all, and thus left a gap in their agreement to be
filled by an implied term. It may well be that the parties considered this
scenario, but did not provide for it because they could not agree on how the
€500k Remainder would be dealt with then. If this is right, no term should be
implied to fill the gap in the parties’ agreement: see Sembcorp Marine at
[95]. However, since the evidence is equivocal, I make no positive finding
that this is in fact what transpired. It suffices to dispose of the
defendant’s argument that I do not find that the gap in the parties’ agreement
arose because they did not contemplate it.

(b) Secondly, the term that the defendant contends for is not necessary in the
business or commercial sense. Importantly, the €500k Remainder was not a
holding deposit (for (a) specific yacht(s)). Hence, the reasons given at [48]
above, for why it is consistent with commercial sense that holding deposits
are generally non-refundable, do not apply. Therefore, the second stage of the
Sembcorp Marine test is not made out.

(c) Finally, in any event, I find that the term that the defendant contends
for does not satisfy the officious bystander test.

77 In summary, I find that Cip did not agree, during the 31 July 2013 Meeting,
that the €500k Remainder would be used to purchase a Larger Yacht and that, if
it was not so applied, it would be forfeited.

Conclusion

78 On 30 April 2013, Cip was entitled to recover the €1m Deposit. It was
undisputed that he agreed that half of the €1m Deposit would be applied
towards the purchase price of the Azimut 64 yacht. But Cip did not agree,
during the 8 May or 31 July 2013 Meetings, that the €1m Deposit or the €500k
Remainder would be non-refundable in that it would be forfeited if he did not
buy either the Azimut 100L #15 or the Azimut 100G #15, or a Larger Yacht.
Therefore, Cip remained entitled to the €500k Remainder. Accordingly, I find
that the plaintiff’s claim for the €500k Remainder succeeds.

The Azimut 64 Issue

The parties’ submissions

79 The plaintiff submits that the defendant repudiated the Azimut 64 Contract
by failing to hand over the Azimut 64 yacht to Cip, and that Cip accepted this
repudiation. In relation to the defendant’s failure to hand over the Azimut 64
yacht, the plaintiff argues that Cip was entitled to reject the handover of
the yacht (“the Handover”) in view of the following matters: 102

##### Foot Note 102

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 212–313; Plaintiff’s reply
submissions at paras 75–100.

(a) the discrepancy between the serial numbers (of the gearboxes) on the
Azimut 64 yacht, and those on the First Certificate (“the Serial Numbers
Issue”);

(b) the inspection of the hull of the Azimut 64 yacht (“the Inspection
Issue”);

(c) the registration of the Azimut 64 yacht (“the Registration Issue”); and

(d) the defendant’s “overall neglect or omission … to perform expected or
required actions” (“the Neglect Issue”).

The plaintiff submits that, while each of these matters might, on their own,
appear trivial, their cumulative effect resulted in the “perfect storm”. 103

##### Foot Note 103

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 305.

80 The defendant submits that the plaintiff did not plead that it was entitled
to reject the Handover, let alone for the above reasons. 104

##### Foot Note 104

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 146–153; Defendant’s reply
submissions at para 13.

The defendant also submits that the plaintiff was not entitled to reject the
Handover in any event. 105

##### Foot Note 105

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 154–188.

My decision

81 To begin with, I find that the plaintiff did not adequately plead the point
that it made in submissions, viz, that Cip was entitled to reject the
Handover. There is no trace of these averments in the statement of claim,
where the plaintiff simply pleads that the defendant repudiated the Azimut 64
Contract by failing to hand over the Azimut 64 yacht and by selling it to a
third party (see [22] above). (During the trial, the plaintiff did not dispute
that the defendant sold the Azimut 64 yacht with Cip’s consent.) Nor is there
reference in the statement of claim to the matters by reason of which the
plaintiff claims that it was entitled to reject the Handover. Thus, the
plaintiff has departed from its pleaded case in submitting that Cip was
entitled to reject the Handover.

82 In any case, I agree with the defendant that Cip was not entitled to reject
the Handover. I now examine the Serial Numbers Issue, the Inspection Issue,
the Registration Issue and the Neglect Issue in turn.

The Serial Numbers Issue

83 The information in the relevant documents pertaining to the engines on the
Azimut 64 yacht, which were manufactured by Caterpillar, was as follows:

(a) The First Certificate, which was issued in Italian by Compagnia Generale
Trattori SpA, a Caterpillar engines dealer, indicated that the engines on the
Azimut 64 yacht bore the serial numbers “JKX01505” and “JKX01496”. The gearbox
number in respect of “JKX01505” was “2067397”, while that in respect of
“JKX01496” was “2067398”. 106

##### Foot Note 106

×

PCB 652

(b) The Builder’s Certificate, which was issued by Azimut, merely stated the
serial numbers of the engines on the Azimut 64 yacht, and identified them as
“JKX01457” and “JKX01458”. 107

##### Foot Note 107

×

PCB 307.

On 2 October 2013, Ken, Cip’s surveyor, discovered that the gearbox numbers of
the engines on the Azimut 64 yacht were “2067395” and “2067396” and thus did
not match the numbers on the First Certificate. 108

##### Foot Note 108

×

PCB 653–654.

I also note that there was a second discrepancy, viz, in the serial numbers of
the engines, since the Builder’s Certificate and the First Certificate
reflected different numbers (although the plaintiff was only concerned about
the first discrepancy at the material time). I shall refer to both
discrepancies collectively as “the Discrepancies”.

84 I find that the plaintiff was not entitled to reject the Handover due to
either or both of the Discrepancies for the following reasons.

85 First, on 14 October 2013, Whelan sent Aina and Toh an email which enclosed
an earlier email from Pierpaolo Sapetti (“Sapetti”), an Azimut representative.
109

##### Foot Note 109

×

2DCB 279–281.

In his email, Sapetti explained the Discrepancies:

In this case, unfortunately, due to a trivial oversight the engines documents
envelope has been exchanged with the one for another 64 we had in construction
at the same time.

Please be so kind as to forward this e-mail to the Owner along with our most
sincere apologies for any inconvenience caused by such a mistake.

[emphasis added]

Whelan also attached the following documents to his email: 110

##### Foot Note 110

×

2DCB 282–283 and 287–288.

(a) A second certificate, similar to the First Certificate, but indicating
that the engines on the Azimut 64 yacht bore the serial numbers “JKX01458” and
“JKX01457” (“the Second Certificate”). The gearbox number in respect of
“JKX01458” was “2067395”, while that in respect of “JKX01457” was “2067396”.

(b) A warranty certificate issued by Caterpillar in English.

In short, the Discrepancies were due to Azimut’s administrative error in
placing the wrong engines document envelope on the Azimut 64 yacht. By his
email, Whelan gave the plaintiff an explanation of the Discrepancies from an
Azimut representative and the correct warranty documents. Thus, as the
plaintiff noted, the Discrepancies were “picked up early and rectified”. 111

##### Foot Note 111

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 302.

I find that, once this had been done, there was no basis for Cip to reject the
Handover on the basis of the Discrepancies.

86 Secondly, even if Cip had broader concerns about the engines on the Azimut
64 yacht and whether they had been reconditioned, these would have been
allayed by no later than 11 November 2013:

(a) Lamble, the defendant’s expert witness, testified that when the local
Caterpillar agents commission the engines on a yacht, they plug in a computer
to the engines. This enables the agents to identify the engine numbers and the
year of manufacture of the engines. Sum agreed. 112

##### Foot Note 112

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 88–89.

(b) The local Caterpillar agents commissioned the engines on the Azimut 64
yacht on 11 November 2013, and found them to reflect the serial numbers
“JKX01457” and “JKX01458”, as stated on the Second Certificate. 113

##### Foot Note 113

×

3DCB 656–658.

(c) Lamble and Sum agreed that, if the computer showed that the engines had
the correct numbers, it would not be reasonable to reject the yacht on the
ground that the engines were not correct. 114

##### Foot Note 114

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 91.

The Inspection Issue

87 The gist of the plaintiff’s complaint here is as follows: 115

##### Foot Note 115

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 251–257.

(a) Cip instructed the defendant not to launch the Azimut 64 yacht into the
water; the defendant acknowledged this instruction, but failed to comply with
it;

(b) By putting the yacht into the water, the defendant impeded an inspection
of the bottom of its hull. While an inspection could have been done by lifting
the yacht out of the water, the defendant only first made this offer on 25
October 2013.

88 I find that Cip was not entitled to reject the Handover on this basis.

89 First, in relation to [87(a)], I find that Cip first instructed the
defendant not to put the Azimut 64 yacht into the water on 26 September 2013.
On that date, he sent an email to Mison stating: “PS Do not put it in the
water yet!”. 116

##### Foot Note 116

×

PCB 309.

Anita deposed that, some months before the Azimut 64 yacht arrived in
Singapore, she overheard a telephone conversation between Cip and Mison as Cip
had put his mobile phone on speaker mode. 117

##### Foot Note 117

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 16.

In that conversation, Cip instructed Mison to keep the yacht out of the water;
Mison had acknowledged this instruction. However, I do not accept Anita’s
evidence on this point for the following reasons:

(a) During cross-examination, Mison maintained that Cip never instructed him
over the telephone to keep the Azimut 64 yacht out of the water and that he
had not acknowledged any such instruction. 118

##### Foot Note 118

×

Transcript, 13 April 2017, pp 121–122.

I find that Mison’s evidence is more plausible than Anita’s. On 27 September
2013, Mison emailed Cip to explain, in effect, that it was necessary for the
Azimut 64 yacht to be put into the water upon its arrival in Singapore. 119

##### Foot Note 119

×

PCB 324.

This was because the Azimut 64 yacht was more than 40 feet long, and thus
could not be transported in a trailer around Singapore. Both Sum and Lamble
accepted that Mison’s explanation was true. 120

##### Foot Note 120

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 76–77.

In this light, I find it highly implausible that Mison would have acknowledged
Cip’s alleged instruction to keep the yacht out of the water.

(b) During cross-examination, Anita said that she had seen an email wherein
Cip had instructed the defendant, before the Azimut 64 yacht arrived in
Singapore, not to put it into the water. However, the plaintiff did not
subsequently identify such an email.

(c) Although neither party brought the following extract to my attention
during the trial, I note that Cip stated the following in an email dated 21
October 2013 (“the 21 October 2013 email”) to Mison and Whelan: 121

##### Foot Note 121

×

PCB 336.

… had instructed Peter to inform me as soon as he knows when the 64 is
arriving. To leave the yacht in the container and rent the space at port for
the container with all cost beared by myself. I was to appear at wherever the
container is immediately and arrive there within 1-2 hrs max, so I can see the
yacht as it was shipped! [emphasis added]

Still, after careful consideration, I do not accept the veracity of Cip’s
account in this email:

(i) First, as Whelan clarified in his reply of 25 October 2013 to the 21
October 2013 email, the Azimut 64 yacht was not transported in a container to
begin with as it was too large for a container. 122

##### Foot Note 122

×

PCB 331–333.

I find it highly implausible that Cip would have instructed Mison to “leave
the yacht in the container” without being disabused of his misapprehension
right away, and without withdrawing such an instruction thereafter.

(ii) Secondly, Cip sent the 21 October 2013 email almost a month after Mison’s
email of 27 September 2013. Cip’s emails and SMS messages reveal that he was
always keen to promptly challenge the defendant’s claims if he did not agree
with them. I find that Cip’s account of what he instructed Mison to do in his
21 October 2013 email was an afterthought.

90 Secondly, in relation to [87(b)], regardless of whether Cip gave the
alleged instruction to Mison, both Sum and Lamble agreed that even though the
Azimut 64 yacht had been launched into the water, the yacht could have been
lifted out of the water for the bottom of its hull to be inspected. Upon such
an inspection, one could quickly determine whether the yacht was new. 123

##### Foot Note 123

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 92–96.

Thus, I find that Cip’s fears in this regard would have been directly
addressed if he had accepted the defendant’s offer, first made by Whelan on 25
October 2013, to arrange to haul the yacht out of the water so that it could
be inspected. 124

##### Foot Note 124

×

PCB 331–333.

The plaintiff emphasised that the offer was only first made on 25 October
2013. However, the evidence indicates that Cip first clarified why he did not
want the yacht to be put in the water, viz, to inspect the bottom of its hull,
in the 21 October 2013 email. During cross-examination, Anita accepted that
this was “probably” the case. 125

##### Foot Note 125

×

Transcript, 10 April 2017, p 117.

Thus, I find that there was no undue delay by the defendant in making this
offer (just four days after Cip clarified his concerns).

The Registration Issue

91 The plaintiff claims that, notwithstanding that the Azimut 64 Contract
provided for the Azimut 64 yacht to be registered in Singapore, the defendant
repeatedly sought Cip’s authorisation to register the yacht in Langkawi, and
even misrepresented that the contract provided for the yacht to be registered
in Langkawi. 126

##### Foot Note 126

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 258–285.

The defendant did this to maximise its profit: if the Azimut 64 yacht had been
registered in Singapore, Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) would have been
payable on it; however, Cip was not obligated to pay any GST under the Azimut
64 Contract.

92 For the following reasons, I do not accept that Cip was entitled to reject
the Handover on this basis:

(a) First, the Azimut 64 yacht was ultimately not registered in Langkawi. 127

##### Foot Note 127

×

Transcript, 10 April 2017, p 106.

(b) Secondly, even though Mison did seek to convince Cip to agree to register
the Azimut 64 yacht in Langkawi, he nonetheless made clear, in emails to Cip
dated 9, 24 and 26 September 2013, 128

##### Foot Note 128

×

PCB 271, 287–288, 292.

that Cip could register the yacht in Singapore instead.

(c) Thirdly, while Mison stated that the Azimut 64 Contract provided for the
Azimut 64 yacht to be registered in Langkawi in his email of 24 September
2013, 129

##### Foot Note 129

×

PCB 287–288.

he corrected this mistake promptly, of his own accord, in his email of 26
September 2013. 130

##### Foot Note 130

×

PCB 292.

I accept his testimony that he made an honest mistake in misstating the
contractual position. 131

##### Foot Note 131

×

Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 24.

The Neglect Issue

93 Finally, the plaintiff submits that the defendant demonstrated a “poor
attitude” in dealing with Cip’s complaints. 132

##### Foot Note 132

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 286–298.

In my judgment, even if this was true, Cip was not entitled to reject the
Handover on this basis. In any case, I find that this allegation is baseless.
It is clear from his communications that Cip was a demanding client. It is
also plain that the defendant’s representatives, especially Mison, continually
sought to accede to Cip’s requests and demands. Therefore, there is no merit
in the plaintiff’s contention.

Conclusion

94 For completeness, I now address two points that arose during the trial but
which the plaintiff did not pursue in submissions. First, Anita deposed that
Mison told Cip that the Azimut 64 yacht would get a berth at One°15, a yacht
club; yet no such berth was obtained. 133

##### Foot Note 133

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 14.

However, after being brought through the correspondence, Anita agreed that
Mison never guaranteed Cip a berth for the yacht at One°15. 134

##### Foot Note 134

×

Transcript, 10 April 2017, p 103.

Thus, this contention fell away. Secondly, the Builder’s Certificate
identified the defendant as the first owner of the Azimut 64 yacht. 135

##### Foot Note 135

×

PCB 307.

However, Sum and Lamble agreed that this was standard procedure and that Cip
would not have been entitled to reject the yacht on this basis. 136

##### Foot Note 136

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, pp 96–100.

95 In conclusion, Sum accepted that, if there were suspicious circumstances
pertaining to the purchase of a yacht but each of these suspicions were
whittled away, the purchaser would have no reason to reject the handover of
the yacht. 137

##### Foot Note 137

×

Transcript, 19 April 2017, p 104.

I have found that Cip was not entitled to reject the Handover on the basis of
any of the matters discussed above. Thus, the plaintiff’s submissions on the
Azimut 64 Issue – which, as noted at [81] above, were not properly pleaded –
fail I therefore find that the plaintiff’s claim in respect of the Azimut 64
yacht fails.

The Counterclaim Issue

96 In its submissions, the defendant does not maintain its counterclaim for
damages for the plaintiff’s alleged repudiatory breach in failing to complete
a purchase of either of the Azimut 100 yachts (see [27(d)] above). 138

##### Foot Note 138

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 3c.

This claim was premised on the defendant’s contention that Cip agreed to buy
two yachts – either of the Azimut 100 yachts, and a smaller yacht – in March
2013 (see [24] above). I find that there was no such agreement. On 1 April
2013, Mison sent an email to Cip including quotations for several boats,
including four 100-foot yachts. 139

##### Foot Note 139

×

1AB 186–187.

During cross-examination, Mison accepted that, as of 9 April 2013, there were
“four contenders in the 100-footer range”. 140

##### Foot Note 140

×

Transcript, 12 April 2017, p 151.

Thus, I find that Cip did not agree in March 2013 to buy either of the Azimut
100 yachts. Accordingly, I dismiss this counterclaim. I now turn to the other
counterclaims.

The parties’ submissions

97 The defendant counterclaims for the insurance costs, the maintenance costs,
the resale costs and the medical costs (see [27] above). 141

##### Foot Note 141

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 195–214; Defendant’s reply
submissions at paras 153–182.

In respect of the first three claims, the defendant’s case is that it is
entitled to recover these costs under the terms of the Azimut 64 Contract. In
respect of the medical costs, the defendant submits that it is entitled to
them because it reimbursed Mison for the same, and Cip caused Mison to sustain
these costs by assaulting him.

98 The plaintiff’s response is that the defendant has failed to prove that it
is entitled to the damages claimed. 142

##### Foot Note 142

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 7d and 314–380; Plaintiff’s reply
submissions at paras 101–122.

In respect of the insurance costs, the plaintiff avers that Cip had arranged
for insurance coverage; with regard to the maintenance and resale costs, the
plaintiff argues that the defendant has not proved that it incurred loss.
Finally, in respect of the medical costs, the plaintiff submits that the
defendant has not proved that Cip assaulted Mison, or that Mison’s alleged
injuries were caused by the assault.

My decision

99 I deal with each category of costs in turn.

The insurance costs

100 As noted at [54] above, the Azimut 64 Contract provides, and I so find,
that the T&C are incorporated into the contract. Clause 6.4 of the T&C states:

6.4 The Buyer is responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance for the full
value of Craft is in place at all times commencing from the Time of Delivery
Ex Works Building Yard. [emphasis added]

I note that this clause does not expressly state that if the Buyer does not
obtain adequate insurance, the defendant may do so and thereafter recover the
costs of the same from the Buyer. However, as the defendant argues, 143

##### Foot Note 143

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at para 153–154.

the plaintiff does not dispute that the defendant would be entitled to recover
the insurance costs under cl 6.4 if the defendant has proved that such
expenses were incurred. I therefore proceed on the basis that cl 6.4 of the
T&C entitles the defendant to recover insurance costs if it incurs such costs
on the Buyer’s behalf, where the Buyer has failed to obtain adequate insurance
for the Craft.

101 I find that the defendant is entitled to recover the insurance costs,
which amount to S$7,678.00 for the following reasons:

(a) First, I find that Cip did not fulfil his duty under cl 6.4 to ensure that
adequate insurance for the Azimut 64 yacht was in place “from the Time of
Delivery Ex Works Building Yard”. Toh deposed that Cip paid €8,276.40 for
insurance for the yacht from its arrival in Singapore until the Azimut 64
Contract was cancelled. 144

##### Foot Note 144

×

Toh’s AEIC at para 29.

However, during cross-examination, 145

##### Foot Note 145

×

Transcript, 11 April 2017, p 133.

he admitted that this statement was untrue because, as the relevant insurance
policy disclosed, 146

##### Foot Note 146

×

2DCB 430–450.

Cip only obtained insurance for the yacht from 22 October 2013 to 21 October
2014. As noted at [14] above, the yacht arrived in Singapore on 16 September
2013. Thus, Cip did not fulfil his duty to ensure that the yacht was insured
under cl 6.4 (even though Mison reminded Cip and Toh several times to do so).
147

##### Foot Note 147

×

PCB 224–227 and 257; 3DCB 580–588.

(b) Secondly, the defendant paid S$7,678.00 to purchase insurance for the
Azimut 64 yacht from 16 September to 15 December 2013. 148

##### Foot Note 148

×

PCB 506–508.

During cross-examination, Toh agreed that the defendant did so because Cip did
not confirm that he had obtained the relevant insurance. 149

##### Foot Note 149

×

Transcript, 11 April 2017, p 133.

Mison also deposed that he had arranged for the defendant to purchase the
necessary insurance on Cip’s behalf. 150

##### Foot Note 150

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 162.

Therefore, I find that the defendant incurred the insurance costs on Cip’s
behalf.

(c) Thirdly, I find that it was reasonable for the defendant to purchase such
insurance. It was plainly sensible and prudent for the defendant to obtain
insurance for the Azimut 64 yacht from its arrival in Singapore on 16
September 2013, to address the risk of any damage to the yacht that might have
jeopardised the Handover. It would be difficult for the plaintiff to argue
against the need to insure the yacht upon its arrival in Singapore.

(d) Fourthly, I do not accept the plaintiff’s claim that the defendant is not
entitled to recover the insurance costs because the Azimut 64 yacht was not
handed over. 151

##### Foot Note 151

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 338.

The plaintiff did not identify any contractual basis for this contention;
furthermore, I have found that the plaintiff was not entitled to reject the
Handover.

The maintenance costs

102 Clause 5.7 of the T&C provides as follows:

5.7 Where the Buyer fails to take the Craft at the Handover destination when
the Craft is ready for Handover for any reason whatsoever … the Seller, may at
its sole option:

5.7.1 store the Craft until Handover is completed and charge the Buyer for all
costs and associated costs … of storage ….

5.7.2 should the Craft have been stored as per 5.71 for 30 days or more and
upon written notice to the Buyer, sell the Craft through private agreement or
at auction at a reasonable price available at the time taking into account
that a quick sale may be necessary and, after deducting all storage and
selling expenses, account to the Buyer for any excess over the Purchase Price.
The Buyer shall pay to the Seller any shortfall below the Purchase Price.

[emphasis added]

103 I find that the defendant is entitled to recover the maintenance costs,
which amount to S$11,941.40 for the following reasons:

(a) Clause 5.7.1 is clear. The plaintiff failed to take delivery of the Azimut
64 yacht when it was ready to be handed over, and the defendant was thus
entitled to store it and recover the storage and associated costs from the
plaintiff.

(b) The defendant produced an invoice dated 20 January 2014 for the sum of
S$8,985.40, and another dated 13 February 2014 for the sum of S$2,956.00. 152

##### Foot Note 152

×

PCB 512–514.

By these invoices, the defendant claimed S$11,941.40 for, inter alia, berthing
and water and electricity charges, underwater hull cleaning and boat washing.
The plaintiff does not dispute, and I so find, that such charges are
reasonable and fall within the scope of the phrase “all costs and associated
costs … of storage” in cl 5.7.1 of the T&C.

(c) The plaintiff argues that the defendant is not entitled to the maintenance
costs because they might have included a profit element; the defendant has not
proved that it suffered loss of S$11,941.40. 153

##### Foot Note 153

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at para 337.

I do not accept this claim. As the defendant submits, it was neither pleaded
nor put to the defendant’s witnesses at trial; thus, the defendant had no
opportunity to introduce evidence to rebut this claim. 154

##### Foot Note 154

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at paras 160–164.

Thus, I find that it is not open to the plaintiff to make this contention in
closing submissions and I reject it accordingly.

The resale costs

104 The defendant’s claim for the resale costs is premised on cl 5.7.2 of the
T&C (see [102] above). The defendant’s case is that it is entitled to recover
the resale costs of €186,551.00, as a 10% commission fee derived on the basis
of the Resale Price (see [16] above), as “selling expenses”.

105 It is important to set out the defendant’s pleaded claim in respect of the
10% commission fee: 155

##### Foot Note 155

×

Defence and counterclaim (Amendment No 3) at para 71.

71\. On 3 March 2014, the Defendant resold [the Azimut 64 yacht] to a third
party purchaser at a price of €1,865,510.00. The Defendant incurred time and
costs in sourcing for the same. The Defendant reasonably estimates its costs
incurred on the basis of the standard broker’s fee of ten percent of the sale
price, amounting to €186,551.00. [emphasis added]

In other words, the defendant claims a 10% commission fee on the basis that
such a fee reasonably reflects its time and costs in sourcing for a purchaser
of the Azimut 64 yacht.

106 I find that the defendant is not entitled to recover the resale costs. In
short, the defendant has not adduced sufficient and proper proof of the costs
that it incurred in arranging a sale of the Azimut 64 yacht. No evidence was
adduced, eg, regarding the hours that were spent sourcing for the third party
purchaser, or of sale-related expenses such as advertising costs. Rather, the
defendant’s position is simply that its standard commission rate is 10% of the
sale price and that this is a reasonable estimate of its “selling expenses”. I
cannot accept that the defendant is entitled to recover €186,551.00 as resale
costs on this basis.

(a) First, a “reasonable estimate” of loss is not adequate proof of the same.
It was incumbent on the defendant to prove the exact quantum of the selling
expenses it incurred. It did not do this.

(b) Secondly, in any event, I do not accept that the defendant’s standard
commission rate is a reasonable estimate of its selling expenses. A standard
commission rate would probably include a profit element. It would not
accurately reflect the selling expenses that the defendant incurred in
arranging for the particular sale in question.

For these reasons, the defendant is not entitled to recover €186,551.00, as a
10% commission fee derived on the basis of the Resale Price, as “selling
expenses” under cl 5.7.2 of the T&C. It is undisputed that Cip did not sign
the defendant’s standard brokerage listing agreement that provided for such a
commission fee to be charged. There is therefore no contractual basis for the
defendant’s claim of €186,551.00. I find that the defendant is not entitled to
this sum.

The medical costs

107 Mison deposed that, on 2 October 2013, Cip punched him three times during
an altercation after inspecting the Azimut 64 yacht. 156

##### Foot Note 156

×

Mison’s AEIC at paras 175–185.

Thus, he suffered injuries and incurred fees of S$69.00 for medical treatment
of the same. The key point in contention in respect of the medical costs is
whether Mison was telling the truth in his account of the incident on 2
October 2013. For the following reasons, I find that he was.

108 First, Mison’s account was vivid, detailed and consistent. In two emails
dated 3 and 4 October 2013 respectively, he related that Cip had punched him
three times; 157

##### Foot Note 157

×

2DCB 275–277.

it also appears from a doctor’s note that he told one Dr Kevin Chua (“Dr
Chua”), who examined him, that he had been punched three times. 158

##### Foot Note 158

×

3DCB 664–665.

The plaintiff noted one inconsistency in his account. The doctor’s note
indicates that he told Dr Chua that Cip’s third punch landed on his shoulder;
Mison also stated that he was punched in the shoulder in his AEIC. However, in
his emails, he described the third punch as landing on his chest, and on his
“left pectoral chest muscle”. In my judgment, this is a minor inconsistency
which does not detract from the general coherence of Mison’s accounts.

109 Secondly, Anita and Toh deposed that Cip did not punch Mison; rather, he
had only “stretched out his arms to try to stop … Mison from walking away ….
[and] held his arm to stop him from going”. 159

##### Foot Note 159

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 23; Toh’s AEIC at para 24.

However, I preferred Mison’s evidence to Anita’s and Toh’s evidence for the
following reasons:

(a) I find that Mison was an honest witness. He made several concessions
during the trial which were unfavourable to the defendant’s case, including
the concession that the €1m Deposit was refundable after Azimut sold the
Azimut 100G #12 (see [45] and [56] above).

(b) As the defendant noted, Anita’s and Toh’s accounts of how the altercation
between Cip and Mison unfolded were identical, word for word. 160

##### Foot Note 160

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at paras 211.

When questioned about this, Toh admitted that he had discussed his evidence
(on this point) with Anita. 161

##### Foot Note 161

×

Transcript, 11 April 2017, p 58.

In light of this concession, I placed less weight on their accounts.

110 Thirdly, I find that Mison’s actions after the altercation are consistent
with his account for the following reasons:

(a) Mison only visited Dr Chua on 4 October 2013. He testified that he did not
seek medical treatment on 3 October 2013 as he had important meetings. In view
of the fact that Mison’s injuries were minor, and in the absence of evidence
to the contrary, I accept Mison’s explanation.

(b) Mison testified that he went to the police and considered filing a police
report. But he did not do so as he was concerned that he would enrage Cip
further and that Cip would harm him or his family. 162

##### Foot Note 162

×

Transcript, 18 April 2017, pp 10–11.

I note that Mison mentioned this concern in his emails dated 3 and 4 October
2013. 163

##### Foot Note 163

×

2DCB 275–277.

It is plain from those emails that Mison’s explanation in court was not an
afterthought, and I accept it accordingly.

(c) In his emails dated 3 and 4 October 2013, 164

##### Foot Note 164

×

2DCB 275–277.

Mison stated that he did not wish to have any further contact with Cip.
However, it is not in dispute that Mison went to Cip’s house in March or April
2014 to visit Cip, Anita and their newborn son. During cross-examination,
Mison explained that he did so because Cip had apologised profusely to him.
165

##### Foot Note 165

×

Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 19.

The plaintiff urged me to reject this claim on the basis that Mison did not
mention such an apology in his AEIC. 166

##### Foot Note 166

×

Plaintiff’s closing submissions at paras 331–332.

However, when it was suggested to Anita that Mison came to her house because
Cip had apologised to him, Anita said that this was “probably” the case. 167

##### Foot Note 167

×

Transcript, 11 April 2017, p 28.

Again, I accept the defendant’s submission that the fact that Mison visited
Cip’s house was first raised in Anita’s AEIC. 168

##### Foot Note 168

×

Defendant’s reply submissions at para 181c.

Thus, I find that Cip did apologise to Mison. In any case, there is a second
possible reason why Mison resumed contact with Cip which, ironically, was
suggested to him by Miss Oei, viz, “[it] was good business for [him] and [his]
wife”. 169

##### Foot Note 169

×

Transcript, 18 April 2017, p 19.

It is undisputed that Mison’s wife sought to leverage off his contact with
Cip, by asking Aina for a referral to companies associated with the CP Group
in Thailand. 170

##### Foot Note 170

×

Transcript, 18 April 2017, pp 16–18.

Therefore, I find that the fact that Mison resumed contact with Cip does not
cast doubt on his account of the altercation.

111 Fourthly, in view of the point just made, viz, that it was good business
for Mison to be friendly with Cip, I accept the defendant’s submission that
Mison had no motive or reason to falsely accuse Cip of punching him. 171

##### Foot Note 171

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 212.

112 Fifthly, I accord little weight to the fact that Cip lodged a police
report to state his account of the altercation. 172

##### Foot Note 172

×

PCB 589–591.

It was common ground that Mison told Cip during the altercation that he was
going to the police. 173

##### Foot Note 173

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 24; 2DCB 277.

Anita deposed that Cip made the police report “as a precaution”. 174

##### Foot Note 174

×

Anita’s AEIC at para 24.

113 Therefore, I make the following findings:

(a) I find that Cip punched Mison three times on 2 October 2013.

(b) I find that Cip’s attack caused Mison to suffer light injuries, and to
incur S$69.00 in medical fees (as Mison deposed). 175

##### Foot Note 175

×

Mison’s AEIC at para 184.

(c) The defendant produced a document which indicated that it had paid Mison
S$69.00 in respect of a “Doctor bill after being punched by Chip”. 176

##### Foot Note 176

×

3DCB 666.

The plaintiff did not dispute that the defendant reimbursed Mison S$69.00 for
his medical expenses, and I so find.

I also accept the defendant’s submission that it was obligated to indemnify
Mison, its agent, for his medical expenses, which were incurred in the
execution of his authority: see In re Famatina Development Corporation,
Limited [1914] 2 Ch 271 at 282. 177

##### Foot Note 177

×

Defendant’s closing submissions at para 214.

114 Importantly, it is not the plaintiff’s case that, even if Cip caused Mison
to incur the medical costs and the defendant reimbursed Mison for the same,
there is no legal basis for the defendant to recover the medical costs from
the plaintiff. Therefore, in view of all the above reasons, I find that the
defendant is entitled to recover the medical costs from the plaintiff.

Conclusion

115 In summary, I find that the defendant succeeds in its counterclaims for
the insurance, maintenance and medical costs. As the defendant deducted the
resale costs from the sum that it paid to the plaintiff (see [18] above), and
was not entitled to do so (see [106] above), I find that the defendant is
liable to pay €186,551.00 for the same to the plaintiff.

Conclusion

116 For the reasons set out above, I allow the plaintiff’s claim in part and
award the plaintiff a total of €686,551.00 (see [78] and [115] above).

117 I also allow the defendant’s counterclaims for the insurance, maintenance
and medical costs. As the defendant subtracted the value of its claims for the
former two categories of costs from the Resale Proceeds, I award the defendant
S$69.00 in respect of the medical costs.

118 I will hear the parties on interest and costs.

Quentin Loh  
Judge

Anna Oei Ai Hoea and Deannie Yap (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for the plaintiff;  
Bazul Ashhab, Lionel Chan Cong Yen and Beatrice Yeo (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

