Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHCR 21

HC/OS 598 of 2017  
HC/SUM 2990 of 2017

Between

(1)| Tan Wee Tin  
---|---  
(2)| Teo Lee Leng  
(3)| Tang Hock Keng  
  
… Plaintiffs / Respondents

And

| Singapore Swimming Club  
---|---  
  
… Defendant / Applicant

Judgment

[Civil Procedure – Stay of Proceedings]

[Administrative Law – Disciplinary Proceedings]

[Unincorporated Associations and Trade Unions – Disputes]

[Unincorporated Associations and Trade Unions – Legal Proceedings]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Tan Wee Tin and others

  

v

  

Singapore Swimming Club

[2017] SGHCR 21

High Court — Originating Summons No 598 of 2017 (Summons No 2990 of 2017)  
Justin Yeo AR  
5 and 19 September 2017, 23 November 2017

23 November 2017 Judgment reserved.

Justin Yeo AR:

1 Mr Tan Wee Tin (“the 1st Plaintiff”), Ms Teo Lee Leng (“the 2nd Plaintiff”)
and Mr Tang Hock Keng (“the 3rd Plaintiff”) (collectively, “the Plaintiffs”)
are three former members of the Management Committee (“MC”) of the Singapore
Swimming Club (“the Defendant”). They were part of the MC that held office for
the term of May 2011 to May 2012 (“the 2011 MC”).

2 This is the Defendant’s application to stay the proceedings commenced by the
Plaintiffs in Originating Summons No 598 of 2017 (“OS 598”). The basis for
seeking the stay is that the Plaintiffs have failed to exhaust internal
appellate processes and to comply with the dispute resolution clause
stipulated under the Rules of the Singapore Swimming Club (February 2013
reprint) (“the Club’s Rules”).

Background facts

3 On 21 November 2011, the Court of Appeal delivered its judgment in Chan
Cheng Wah Bernard v Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2012] 1 SLR 506 (“Chan Cheng Wah
Bernard”). The Court of Appeal found one Mr Freddie Koh (“Mr Koh”), the then-
President of the MC for the term of May 2008 to May 2009 (“the 2008 MC”),
liable for defamation.

Reaffirmation of Indemnity Resolution

4 On 14 December 2011, the 2011 MC convened a special confidential MC meeting,
at which the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs were present. The 2011 MC reaffirmed the
indemnity resolution that had earlier been passed by the 2008 MC (“the
Indemnity Resolution”).

5 On 19 December 2011, the 2011 MC convened another special confidential MC
meeting, at which all the Plaintiffs were present, and again reaffirmed the
Indemnity Resolution.

6 On 18 January 2012, the 2011 MC convened an urgent special confidential
meeting, at which all the Plaintiffs were present. The meeting was chaired by
Mr Koh. At this meeting, the 2011 MC unanimously reaffirmed the validity of
the Indemnity Resolution and its applicability to Mr Koh. The reaffirmation on
three separate occasions allowed further payments to be made, pursuant to the
Indemnity Resolution, towards Mr Koh’s legal expenses in the proceedings
relating to Chan Cheng Wah Bernard (“Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses”).

7 On 4 March 2012, the Defendant convened an extraordinary general meeting of
the members. At the meeting, the members resolved to remove Mr Koh as
President of the Defendant’s MC, and for the Defendant to stop making further
payments towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses.

8 On 28 March 2012, Mr Koh commenced proceedings by way of Originating Summons
No 309 of 2012 (“OS 309”) against the Defendant, seeking declarations that the
Indemnity Resolution was valid and binding on the Defendant, and that the
resolution passed on 4 March 2012 was null and void.

The 2012 AGM

9 At the Annual General Meeting held on 27 May 2012 (“the 2012 AGM”), a member
of the Defendant sought the passage of a “motion of censure and no confidence”
against the 2011 MC. This was in relation to the cheque of $1,021,793.48 (“the
$1m Cheque”) which was used for making payments towards Mr Koh’s Legal
Expenses.

10 In particular, the member formally raised the following matters in relation
to the $1m Cheque:

(a) Who signed the cheque;

(b) Who gave instructions for the cheque to be signed;

(c) Whether the $1 million costs paid out on 14 February 2012 was budgeted? If
not, was it an “emergency” expense?

(d) Did the MC approve/authorise the said payment?

(e) Why the haste in payment inspite of the coming EOGM and the costs being
subject to review?

(f) [the 1st Plaintiff] was quoted in the Straits Times dated 25 February 2012
that the said payment was made only after consultation with the [Defendant’s]
lawyers. Please produce the legal advice;

(g) If deem fit to pass the following Motions:

(i) “That the members of the MC2011/2012, namely … [members including the
Plaintiffs]… be censured for not acting in the interest of the Club and in
breach of their fiduciary duties.”

(ii) “That a Motion of No-Confidence be passed against the members of the MC
2011/2012, namely … [members including the Plaintiffs]… for not acting in the
interest of the [Defendant] and in breach of their fiduciary duties”.

[emphasis in original]

11 Although the 1st Plaintiff did briefly mention, at the 2012 AGM, that the
2011 MC had reaffirmed the Indemnity Resolution, it appeared from the
transcripts and minutes of the 2012 AGM that there was no discussion on this
matter. There was also no mention about other sums of money that had been paid
towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses (on which, see [18] below). Instead, the focus
at the 2012 AGM was on the 2011 MC members’ involvement in giving instructions
on and/or approving the $1m Cheque.

12 The “motion of censure and no confidence” was subsequently amended to be
directed only against two persons:

(a) the 1st Plaintiff, allegedly because he could not deny knowledge of the
payment having signed the $1m Cheque; and

(b) the 2nd Plaintiff, allegedly because she refused to provide her response
and walked out of the 2012 AGM before the vote for the amended motion was
taken.

13 The motion was passed at the 2012 AGM.

Legal Proceedings relating to the Indemnity Resolution

14 After the new MC was elected at the 2012 AGM, the three reaffirmations of
the Indemnity Resolution were discovered.

15 On 18 June 2012, the Defendant commenced proceedings, by way of Suit No 510
of 2012 (“Suit 510”), to recover the moneys which the Defendant had paid
towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses. OS 309 and Suit 510 were subsequently
consolidated as Suit No 634 of 2012 (“Suit 634”).

16 The decision in Suit 634 was eventually appealed to the Court of Appeal,
and on 26 April 2016, the Court of Appeal issued its judgment in Singapore
Swimming Club v Koh Sin Chong Freddie [2016] 3 SLR 845 (“Singapore Swimming
Club”). Amongst other things, the Court of Appeal found that Mr Koh had not
acted properly in the discharge of his duties and responsibilities for and on
behalf of the Defendant when he made the defamatory statements, and therefore,
that his actions fell outside the scope of the Indemnity Resolution.

Disciplinary Proceedings

17 Less than a month after Singapore Swimming Club was rendered, on 24 May
2016, Mr Poh Pai Chin (“Mr Poh”) lodged a complaint against the 2011 MC
members (“the Complaint”). Mr Poh alleged that the 2011 MC members’
reaffirmation of the Indemnity Resolution and payment of Mr Koh’s Legal
Expenses, after the decision in Chan Cheng Wah Bernard had been rendered, was
done with the intention to prefer Mr Koh’s interests rather than the
Defendant’s interests. Mr Poh also alleged that the 2011 MC members had
therefore breached their fiduciary duties to the Defendant.

18 The Complaint was referred to the Disciplinary Panel convened under the
Club’s Rules. Six charges were brought against each member of the 2011 MC
(“the Charges”). The Charges related to the 2011 MC’s reaffirmation of the
Indemnity Resolution, and specifically, the sums of money that were paid out
on various dates, as follows:

(a) 1st Charge: contravention of Club’s Rules by re-affirming the Indemnity
Resolution and paying $58,720.26 towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses.

(b) 2nd Charge: contravention of Club’s Rules by re-affirming the Indemnity
Resolution and paying $20,000 towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses.

(c) 3rd Charge: contravention of Club’s Rules by re-affirming the Indemnity
Resolution and paying $51,000 towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses.

(d) 4th Charge: contravention of Club’s Rules by re-affirming the Indemnity
Resolution and paying $1,021,793.48 towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses (ie, the
$1m Cheque).

(e) 5th Charge: contravention of Club’s Rules by re-affirming the Indemnity
Resolution and paying $60,297.90 towards Mr Koh’s Legal Expenses.

(f) 6th Charge: contravention of the Defendant’s Code of Conduct and Ethics
relating to honesty and integrity.

19 The Disciplinary Panel Chairman convened a Disciplinary Committee
(comprising three senior legal practitioners) to hear the Complaint. The
Plaintiffs did not object to the constitution of the Disciplinary Committee.
The 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs submitted supporting documents for their respective
disciplinary hearings, while the 3rd Plaintiff did not submit any supporting
documents. The Plaintiffs eventually did not attend their respective
disciplinary hearings, or the subsequent mitigation hearing. The Disciplinary
Committee decided to expel the Plaintiffs on each of the Charges, with effect
from 28 October 2016.

20 Under the Club’s Rules, a member who is dissatisfied with the decision of
the Disciplinary Committee may appeal to the Appeals Board (comprising five
senior legal practitioners), within 14 days of being notified of the decision
of the Disciplinary Committee. Each of the Plaintiffs informed the Defendant
that they would be appealing against the Disciplinary Committee’s decision.

21 On 22 March 2017, the Defendant’s general manager, Mr Alfred Poon (“Mr
Poon”), wrote to the Plaintiffs to inform them of their Appeals Board
hearings. The Plaintiffs sought to obtain documents and information from the
Defendant, such as the Disciplinary Committee’s grounds of decision, and
details regarding the Appeals Board members. The Defendant provided the
latter, but not the former, as this was not required under the Club’s Rules
and Bye-Laws, and the Defendant’s practice was not to give such grounds. In
any event, the Appeals Board would hear the matter de novo, and the Plaintiffs
were entitled to re-canvass all the arguments that had raised to the
Disciplinary Committee.

22 On 25 May 2017, Mr Poon wrote to the Plaintiffs to inform them that the
Appeals Board had dismissed their appeals. Mr Poon also informed the
Plaintiffs that pursuant to Rules 14(f) of the Club’s Rules (“Rule 14(f)”) and
Bye-Law 19(j) of the Club’s Bye-Laws (“Bye-Law 19(j)”), they may, within 21
days, further appeal the Appeals Board’s decision to a meeting of general
members. The Plaintiffs had until 15 June 2017 (ie, 21 days after the issuance
of the Appeals Board’s decision on 25 May 2017) to lodge their appeal under
Rule 14(f).

23 However, instead of lodging an appeal under Rule 14(f), on 31 May 2017, the
Plaintiffs commenced OS 598, seeking the following orders:

(a) A declaration that the Disciplinary Committee’s decision to expel the
Plaintiffs is ultra vires the Club’s Rules and/or wrong in fact and/or wrong
in law and/or against the Club’s Rules and/or null and void and/or in breach
of natural justice. Alternatively, there be an injunction to restrain the
Defendant from enforcing the expulsion decision.

(b) A restraining order to stop the Defendant from re-initiating fresh
disciplinary actions against the Plaintiffs based on the Plaintiffs’
substantive arguments in Suit No 1115 of 2016 (“Suit 1115”).

The Application

24 The Defendant therefore brought the present application, seeking the
following orders:

(a) 1st Prayer: All further proceedings in OS 598 be stayed in favour of the
process mandated by Rule 14(f) (ie, appeal to a meeting of general members –
see [27] below), followed by Rule 45 of the Club’s Rules (“Rule 45”, ie, the
dispute resolution clause requiring mediation to be attempted before court
proceedings are brought – see [60] below).

(b) 2nd Prayer: The Plaintiffs shall, within 21 days of this order, comply
with the process mandated by Rule 14(f), failing which OS 598 shall be
dismissed.

(c) 3rd Prayer: All further proceedings in OS 598 be stayed, pending the final
disposal (including any appeals) of the 1st Prayer.

(d) 4th Prayer: Costs of the application to be paid by the Plaintiffs to the
Defendant.

Issues

25 The application raises two main issues:

(a) First, whether OS 598 should be stayed in favour of the internal appellate
process stipulated in the Club’s Rules.

(b) Second, whether OS 598 should be further stayed in favour of the dispute
resolution process stipulated in the Club’s Rules.

Issue 1: Whether stay to be granted in favour of the stipulated internal
appellate process

26 The first issue is whether OS 598 should be stayed in favour of the
internal appellate process stipulated in the Club’s Rules.

27 In this regard, Rule 14(f) requires that an appeal against the decision of
the Appeals Board be brought to a meeting of general members. Rule 14(f)
provides as follows:

Any member … aggrieved by the decision of the Appeals Board to expel him may
within twenty-one (21) days of the notification of such decision, appeal to a
meeting of the general members to be convened for this purpose.
Notwithstanding [the rule relating to extraordinary general meetings], such
appeal shall be sufficient requisition for a meeting of general members and
the Management Committee shall so convene such a meeting not later than sixty
(60) days of receipt of the appeal.

28 The process of bringing an appeal under Rule 14(f) is further governed by
Bye-Law 19(j). Bye-Law 19(j) provides as follows:

Appeals under Rule 14(f) to a Meeting of General Members

i) A member must at the time of filing the appeal under Rule 14(f) deposit a
sum of $15,000.00 with the Club. If the appeal is not filed with the deposit
of $15,000.00, the appeal shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

ii) Subject to the member being present throughout the duration of the
meeting, the Club shall refund the deposit of $15,000.00 to the member 7
working days after the meeting.

iii) Where the member fails to turn up at the meeting or where the member
turned up at the meeting but leaves the meeting before the conclusion of the
meeting without the consent of the Chairman of the Meeting, the appeal shall
be deemed to have been withdrawn by the member and the Club may use the
deposit of $15,000.00 to defray the costs and expenses incurred in convening
the meeting but without prejudice to the right of the Club to claim against
the member the deficiency.

The Law

29 The legal relationship between any club and its members lies in contract,
and the rights of members are determined by the terms of the contract which
are found in the constitution or rules of the club (see, eg, Kay Swee Pin v
Singapore Island Country Club [2008] 2 SLR(R) 802 at [2]).

30 There appears to be no local case directly relating to the need to exhaust
the internal appellate process stipulated by the rules of a club. However,
Defendant’s counsel cited a decision of the High Court of Malaysia that dealt
with this point, ie, Dato’ Hj Talaat bin Hj Husain v Chak Kong Yin [2004] 7
MLJ 295 (“Dato’ Hj Talaat”).

31 In Dato’ Hj Talaat, a complaint had been filed against the defendant, who
was a member of the golf club in question, and also a member of the club’s MC.
Following an inquiry, the Disciplinary Sub-Committee decided to expel the
defendant with immediate effect, and prohibited him from entering the club.
Members of the club thereafter requisitioned for an extraordinary general
meeting, requesting that the Disciplinary Sub-Committee reinstate the
defendant as a member. However, under the club’s rules, reinstatement by the
extraordinary meeting was possible only after an appeal had been brought to
and disposed of by the MC. The club’s President therefore announced that the
reinstatement of the defendant by the extraordinary general meeting was void.
Notwithstanding this, the defendant ignored the prohibition. The club
therefore filed a suit for trespass and nuisance against the defendant. The
Malaysia High Court allowed the club’s claim, holding that the defendant had
to abide by the procedure in the club rules to appeal against his expulsion,
and having failed to do so, cannot challenge the expulsion in court.

32 It is also useful to have regard to the cases decided in the context of
judicial review applications, where the applicant seeks to impugn the relevant
authority’s decision on grounds of breach of natural justice. In such cases,
the Singapore courts have consistently required that the applicant must first
exhaust the remedies available before bringing the matter to court. For
instance:

(a) In Borissik Svetlana v Urban Redevelopment Authority [2009] 4 SLR(R) 92
(“Borissik”), the applicant applied to the High Court for a quashing order and
a mandatory order that the Urban Redevelopment Authority approve her
redevelopment plan and refund the relevant processing fee. The court dismissed
the application on the ground that the applicant had failed to exhaust her
remedies by appealing to the Minister under s 22 of the Planning Act (Cap 232,
1998 Rev Ed) before coming to court (Borissik at [30]).

(b) In Tey Tsun Hang v Attorney-General [2015] 1 SLR 856 (“Tey Tsun Hang”),
the applicant brought judicial review proceedings against the Immigration and
Checkpoints Authority of Singapore regarding its decision to cancel his
application for renewal of re-entry permits. The court dismissed his
application. One of the grounds for dismissal was that the applicant had
failed to exhaust his remedies by pursuing his statutory right to appeal to
the Minister under s 11(3) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 2008 Rev Ed). The
court held that the bringing of judicial review proceedings was, in the
circumstances, an abuse of the court’s process (Tey Tsun Hang at [47]).

33 The English courts have taken a similar approach. For instance, in R
(Echendu) v School of Law, University of Leeds [2012] EWHC 2080 (Admin);
[2012] ELR 449 (“Echendu”), the English High Court stated that if the
applicant had any complaint against the way that his examination had been
marked, he had 12 weeks from the notification to launch an academic appeal to
the relevant body within the university. Having failed to do so, the applicant
could not complain to the court, even if the matters at hand were open to
challenge in court (Echendu at [25]).

34 Depending on the specific facts of each case, there may be departures from
the general position that a party must exhaust internal appellate processes
before being permitted to bring the matter to court. One such example is the
case of Chiu Teng @ Kallang v Singapore Land Authority [2014] 1 SLR 1047
(“Chiu Teng”). In Chiu Teng, the applicant applied for judicial review,
seeking a quashing order against the assessed differential premium for state
land and a mandatory order to direct the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) to
assess the differential premium based on the Table of Development Charge (“the
DC Table”). The SLA argued that the applicant had not exhausted all local
remedies as he had failed to write to the SLA, after which the SLA would
consult the Chief Valuer for a spot valuation. The High Court rejected the
SLA’s argument, because the stipulated appeal process assumed that the
developer was dissatisfied with the differential premium payable on the DC
Table. However, in Chiu Teng itself, the differential premium had in fact been
determined by the Chief Valuer, rather than the DC Table. The appeal process
therefore did not provide the applicant with any alternative remedy, as it was
precisely the spot valuation by the Chief Valuer that the applicant was
seeking to impugn.

35 In the light of the above authorities, it is clear that members of a club
are generally bound to follow the procedures found in the club’s rules,
including exhausting internal appellate processes provided under those rules.
There may, however, be exceptional cases, such as where the appeal process in
question was inapplicable to the case at hand.

Parties’ Arguments

36 Defendant’s counsel submitted that, in line with the general propositions
at [35] above, OS 598 should be stayed, on the basis that the Plaintiffs have
not exhausted the internal appellate process stipulated in the Club’s Rules,
and in particular, Rule 14(f).

37 The Plaintiffs argued that they should not be compelled to comply with Rule
14(f) in the present case. Their arguments may be crystallised as six distinct
arguments, as follows:

(a) First, Rule 14(f) is not mandatory, because the language used in the rule
is “may”, not “must”.

(b) Second, the Plaintiffs should not be compelled to complete the
disciplinary proceedings, because these had been improperly taken out. Indeed,
this was the very basis for the Plaintiffs’ bringing OS 598 (see [23] above).
In the Plaintiffs’ view, the Complaint and ensuing disciplinary proceedings
dealt with matters for which the Plaintiffs had earlier been punished, and
thus had been improperly taken out. In particular, they contended that the
2012 AGM had already conclusively dealt with the matter relating to the $1m
Cheque, that the necessary punishment had been meted out, and that the
Plaintiffs were – by virtue of the Complaint – facing the prospect of “double
jeopardy”.

(c) Third, the requirement under Bye-Law 19(j) of a $15,000 deposit for
bringing an appeal under Rule 14(f) is both unreasonable and unnecessary. In
any event, Bye-Law 19(j) had not been validly passed, because it had not
previously been listed for endorsement in the relevant notice of meeting.

(d) Fourth, the Plaintiffs “should not be compelled to go to a General Meeting
to appeal before a body of members”, because the general meeting “is likely to
be another kangaroo court”. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Plaintiffs’ Joint Reply Affidavit (dated 8 August 2017), at para 111.

(e) Fifth, grounds of decision had not been provided by the Disciplinary
Committee and the Appeals Board. Without knowledge of the grounds of decision,
it was not possible to bring an appeal.

(f) Sixth, the 21-day timeline prescribed in Rule 14(f) had already expired,
and there was no provision within the Club’s Rules that allowed for
reactivation of the timeline.

Analysis and Decision

38 I reject all six arguments put forward by the Plaintiffs, for the reasons
elaborated upon in the following paragraphs.

The first argument

39 In relation to the first argument (see [37(a)] above), contrary to the
Plaintiffs’ arguments, the word “may” does not mean that compliance with Rule
14(f) is optional; instead, it refers to the optional nature of bringing an
appeal against the Appeals Board’s decision. Put another way, it is not
mandatory to bring such an appeal, but a party aggrieved by his expulsion, and
who wishes to seek recourse to a higher body, “may” do so. Such an
interpretation is also supported by an understanding of the entire scheme of
Rule 14 of the Club’s Rules, which envisages that Rule 14(f) provides the only
way to appeal, if a member so wishes to appeal, against a decision of the
Appeals Board. I therefore reject the first argument.

The second argument

40 The second argument (see [37(b)] above) concerned whether the disciplinary
proceedings dealt with matters for which the Plaintiffs had already earlier
been punished. This argument required detailed analysis of the scope of
overlap between the disciplinary proceedings and the 2012 AGM. I therefore
sought further information from the parties on what, precisely, the scope of
overlap was. The parties requested for some time to respond on this issue, and
tendered written submissions to set out their arguments.

41 The Plaintiffs raised three arguments:

(a) First, the subject matter of the 2012 AGM was “one and the same” with that
raised in the disciplinary process, as both proceedings concerned allegations
that the 2011 MC had breached its fiduciary duties to the Defendant. The
decision of Chan Cheng Wah Bernard was the basis for both proceedings.

(b) Second, the passage of the “motion of censure and no confidence” at the
2012 AGM was a disciplinary action, because Rule 21(a)(viii)(9) of the Club’s
Rules (“Rule 21(a)(viii)(9)”) provides that the Plaintiffs would therefore be
barred from being elected to the MC for 5 years after being issued with a
motion of no confidence by a general meeting of members.

(c) Third, the commencement of the disciplinary proceedings contradicted the
decision of the 2012 AGM to merely censure the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs. As
such, the disciplinary proceedings were therefore invalid pursuant to Rule
21(j) of the Club’s Rules (“Rule 21(j)”). Rule 21(j) provides, in relevant
part, as follows:

… The Management Committee may not act contrary to the decisions of the
General Meeting made in accordance with the rules in this Constitution and
always remains subordinate to the General Meetings. …

42 Defendant’s counsel disagreed with all of these arguments.

(a) First, while there was some factual overlap between the subject matter of
the 2012 AGM and the disciplinary proceedings, the legal issues were clearly
different.

(i) As at the 2012 AGM, the Defendant’s members were not aware of the 2011
MC’s reaffirmation of the Indemnity Resolution, and the reaffirmation was not
on the 2012 AGM agenda. The 1st Plaintiff had merely made a brief and
peripheral mention of the reaffirmation, and was never further questioned
about this issue. It was only subsequent to the 2012 AGM, in the Singapore
Swimming Club decision, where the Court of Appeal addressed the issue of the
reaffirmation of the Indemnity Resolution.

(ii) As at the 2012 AGM, the Defendant’s members were not aware of the money
that was paid out in relation to the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 5th Charges. While the
4th Charge related to the $1m Cheque, the focus at the 2012 AGM was on the
2011 MC members’ knowledge of the issuance of the $1m Cheque. In contrast, the
disciplinary proceedings focused on the 2011 MC’s reaffirmation of the
Indemnity Resolution, pursuant to which, the Defendant made various payments
to Mr Koh’s lawyers. Had the 2012 AGM been concerned with the reaffirmation of
the Indemnity Resolution, the entire 2011 MC would have been the subject of
the amended motion, instead of only the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs (see [12]
above).

(iii) Contrary to the Plaintiffs’ submissions, the Singapore Swimming Club
decision clearly could not have been considered at the 2012 AGM. The Complaint
arose after the findings of the Court of Appeal in Singapore Swimming Club
(see [17] above), rather than Chan Cheng Wah Bernard.

(b) Second, the nature of the proceedings in the 2012 AGM were completely
separate and distinct from the disciplinary proceedings.

(i) The 2012 AGM was a meeting for the general members to manage the
Defendant’s general affairs. The members were not participating in
disciplinary proceedings against the 2011 MC. The 2012 AGM was not a formal or
adversarial process, and no formal charges were framed or preferred against
the 1st and 2nd Plaintiffs at the 2012 AGM. Indeed, the members at the 2012
AGM did not have the power to participate in disciplinary proceedings, because
such proceedings had not been commenced at that time. The 2012 AGM therefore
was not, and could not have been, a resolution of general members for the
purposes of Rules 14(f) and 14(h) (Rule 14(h) is reproduced at [61] below).

(ii) In contrast, the Defendant’s internal disciplinary process is found in
Rules 13 and 14 of the Club’s Rules. This is a fixed process set out with
formal charges issued against the respondents, and powers are vested in
different persons or bodies to adjudicate on the charges and impose various
penalties at different stages of the disciplinary proceedings. Under the
disciplinary proceedings, the Plaintiffs were invited to appear before
different persons or bodies to answer to the Charges, and were given the
opportunity to appear in person or to be represented by their own counsel, to
call their own witnesses, and to tender written submissions and any other
supporting documents.

(iii) The penalties which the Disciplinary Committee may impose are
specifically set out in Rule 13(g) of the Club’s Rules, and none of these
relate to barring of a member from election (as provided in Rule
21(a)(viii)(9)). Indeed, Rule 21(a)(viii)(9) itself distinguishes disciplinary
proceedings from motions of no confidence by a general meeting of members.

(c) Third, the Plaintiffs’ reliance on Rule 21(j) was misconceived, because
both the 2012 AGM and the disciplinary proceedings were properly carried out
pursuant to the Club’s Rules. Furthermore, it was not the MC that had ordered
the Plaintiffs’ expulsion, but a properly constituted Disciplinary Committee
(and subsequently, Appeals Board) that did so. As such, Rule 21(j) was
entirely irrelevant to the commencement of the disciplinary proceedings.

43 Based on the evidence and arguments before me, I make the following three
observations:

(a) First, while there is some factual overlap between the subject matter of
the 2012 AGM and the disciplinary proceedings insofar as the 4th Charge is
concerned, the legal issues raised are distinct, for the reasons stated in
[42(a)].

(b) Second, the disciplinary proceedings were of a fundamentally different
nature from the proceedings in the 2012 AGM. The 2012 AGM could not have been
a resolution of general members under the disciplinary proceedings framework
found in the Club’s Rules. Indeed, I note that the Plaintiffs themselves
agreed in their further submissions that the 2012 AGM was “not for the purpose
of Rules 14(f) and 14(h)”, and that the “purpose of Rules 14(f) and 14(h)…
were not applicable in respect of the 2012 AGM matters”. In the circumstances,
I could not see any basis for the argument that the 2012 AGM precluded the
commencement of the disciplinary process against the Plaintiffs.

(c) Third, in view that the 2012 AGM and the disciplinary proceedings were of
a completely different nature, I am unable to agree with the “double jeopardy”
argument raised by the Plaintiffs. This is because “double jeopardy” cannot
arise when a person is faced with different proceedings which are of a
completely different nature (eg civil, contra criminal, contra disciplinary),
even if these may arise from the same set of facts (see, eg, Law Society of
Singapore v Nathan Edmund [1998] 2 SLR(R) 905). Had the censure at the 2012
AGM been the outcome of formal disciplinary proceedings, the “double jeopardy”
argument may arguably have taken on a different complexion; but as matters
stand, this is the first time that the Plaintiffs are being put through the
disciplinary process in relation to the subject matter of the Charges, and as
such, the “double jeopardy” argument is not made out. In any event, I agreed
with Defendant’s counsel that even if the Plaintiffs were concerned about
“double jeopardy”, this is an argument that they could choose to raise in the
disciplinary process. Indeed, the 2nd Plaintiff had, in her submissions to the
Disciplinary Committee, raised the argument of “double jeopardy”, although
this was considered and eventually rejected by the Disciplinary Committee.

44 As such, I reject the second argument.

The third argument

45 The third argument (see [37(c)] above) concerned the requirements of Bye-
Law 19(j).

46 The Plaintiffs raised two arguments:

(a) First, Bye-Law 19(j) had only been belatedly introduced, and even so, it
had not been validly passed, because it had not previously been listed for
endorsement in the relevant notice of meeting.

(b) Second, the requirement under Bye-Law 19(j), ie, the payment of a deposit
of $15,000 for the bringing of an appeal under Rule 14(f), was both
unreasonable and unnecessary.

47 Defendant’s counsel argued that:

(a) First, the validity of Bye-Law 19(j) was not before the court, as the
Plaintiffs have not sought to invalidate Bye-Law 19(j) in OS 598. In any
event, Bye-Law 19(j) had been validly passed in accordance with Rule 40 of the
Club’s Rules, which gives the MC the power to amend the Bye-Laws by
circulation. There is no requirement of approval of general members.

(b) Second, the rationale for the requirement of the deposit of $15,000 had
been clearly explained by the Defendant to its members. In gist, Bye-Law 19(j)
was introduced to secure attendance of the aggrieved party who sought to bring
an appeal under Rule 14(f). In relation to quantum, the figure of $15,000 was
fixed by the relevant MC as an estimate of the expenses incurred in calling
for a meeting of the general members, and the Plaintiffs are not in a position
to question the quantum.

48 As a preliminary matter, the validity of Bye-Law 19(j) is not an issue that
is before me; indeed, it is not even an issue raised in OS 598. However, based
on the evidence before me, it does appear that Bye-Law 19(j) was validly
passed. This is because it appears undisputed that the MC approved Bye-Law
19(j) on 20 April 2017, Bye-Law 19(j) was circulated to all members on 24
April 2017, and therefore took effect on 8 May 2017 (ie, 14 days after
circulation).

49 The more important question for present purposes is whether Bye-Law 19(j)
was so unreasonable or onerous that it practically precluded the bringing of
an appeal under Rule 14(f). If it was truly onerous, then it may be arguable
that the Plaintiffs were left with no alternative appellate recourse within
the Club’s Rules.

50 However, based on the evidence and arguments before me, Bye-Law 19(j) does
not appear to be unreasonable or onerous. This is particularly so in view of
the number of members who must be invited to the proceedings, and the
facilities to be booked for the same. Furthermore, the sum of $15,000 is
refundable if the appealing party attends and stays throughout the
proceedings. Therefore, if the Plaintiffs had bona fide appealed against the
Appeals Board’s decision, and attended the hearing before the general meeting
of members, they would not have incurred any monetary loss at all from the
operation of Bye-Law 19(j). In the circumstances, I reject the third argument.

The fourth argument

51 In relation to the fourth argument (see [37(d)] above), under the common
law, there is no general duty to provide reasons (see Ten Leu Jiun Jeanne-
Marie v National University of Singapore [2015] 5 SLR 438 at [47]). In any
event, as Defendant’s counsel submitted, the appeals within the internal
appellate process are dealt with de novo. In other words, it remained open to
the Plaintiffs to raise any arguments that they wish, before each successive
appellate body. As such, the mere fact that grounds of decision have not been
rendered did not mean that the Plaintiffs would be denied a fair hearing on
appeal. I therefore reject the fourth argument.

The fifth argument

52 In relation to the fifth argument (see [37(e)] above), there is absolutely
no evidence before me to suggest that the meeting of general members would not
be conducted properly, or that the Plaintiffs would be unfairly treated.
Indeed, I note parenthetically and for completeness that the Plaintiffs have
themselves, albeit in a slightly different context, earlier advocated that the
general members should be the final arbiter on disciplinary matters. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Paragraphs 83 and 84 of the 1st Affidavit of Teo Lee Leng (31 May 2017).

They also appeared perfectly contented to proceed on the basis of the censure
meted out at the 2012 AGM, which was by way of a motion passed by the meeting
of general members.

53 In any event, even if the Plaintiffs were concerned about whether they
would have a fair hearing before the meeting of general members, this is a
matter that they can always raise subsequently, after completing the internal
appellate process.

54 In the circumstances, I reject the fifth argument.

The sixth argument

55 In relation to the sixth argument (see [37(f)] above), the Plaintiffs
originally had until 15 June 2017 (ie, 21 days after the issuance of the
Appeals Board’s decision on 25 May 2017) to lodge their appeal, if any,
against the Appeals Board’s decision. However, the Plaintiffs chose not to do
so, and to file OS 598 on 31 May 2017 instead.

56 Although the timeline for bringing an appeal under Rule 14(f) has already
lapsed, Mr Poon has taken the position on affidavit that the Defendant was
prepared to allow the Plaintiffs to lodge their appeal under Rule 14(f) within
21 days from the date of an order made in the present application.

57 I recognise that Defendant’s counsel did not cite any provision empowering
the Defendant to reactivate the appeal timeline in Rule 14(f). However, I do
not think that the Plaintiffs should be permitted to rely on a position that
they have unilaterally and deliberately put themselves in (ie, allowing the
time for appeal under Rule 14(f) to lapse), so as to buttress their argument
that they are now precluded from appealing under Rule 14(f). Indeed, if such
an approach is permitted, then any member may exhaust the internal appellate
process by simply refusing to pursue any appeal, and then proceed to bring his
grievance directly to court on the basis that he has no alternative remedy.
Such an approach would fly in the face of the disciplinary process and
appellate mechanism envisaged under the Club’s Rules, and indeed, render them
nugatory. In the circumstances, I reject the sixth argument.

Conclusion on Issue 1

58 Having considered and rejected each of the six arguments advanced by the
Plaintiffs, I am of the view that OS 598 should be stayed in favour of the
internal appellate process provided for in Rule 14(f). I would note for
completeness that the Plaintiffs did not proffer any evidence that their
rights would be irremediably prejudiced in the event that a stay is granted.
As the Defendant has confirmed, the Plaintiffs will be given 21 days from the
date of this order to bring an appeal under Rule 14(f) (see [56] above); and
in the event that the Plaintiffs are aggrieved with the decision of the
general members, they may seek further recourse in accordance with Rule 45
(see [62] below).

Issue 2: Whether stay to be granted in favour of the stipulated dispute
resolution process

59 The second issue is whether OS 598 should be further stayed in favour of
the dispute resolution process stipulated in the Club’s Rules.

60 In this regard, Rule 45 sets out a tiered dispute resolution clause, which
requires the Plaintiffs to first endeavour to resolve the dispute by way of
mediation, before proceeding to court. Rule 45 provides as follows:

RULE 45 DISPUTE RESOLUTION CLAUSE

1) In the event of any dispute arising amongst members and all disputes,
controversies, or differences arising out of or in connection with their
membership of the Club and/or the Rules and Bye-Laws of the Club as contained
herein, the parties shall attempt to resolve the matter within the Club and if
it cannot be settled through direct discussions or mediation through a third
party appointed by the Management Committee or in the event of any dispute(s)
between members and the Club which was addressed at a duly convened
Extraordinary General Meeting, all members of the Club agree to first endeavor
to settle the dispute in an amicable manner by mediation administered by the
Singapore Mediation Centre for resolution in accordance with the Mediation
Procedure, or its equivalent, at the time being in force.

2) Thereafter, any unresolved dispute among members, controversy or claim
arising out of or relating to the Rules and Bye-Laws of the Club as contained
herein, or breach thereof, shall be referred to and finally resolved by
arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”), or its equivalent,
at the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by
reference in this clause or they may bring the matter to a court of law for
determination.

[emphasis added]

Preliminary Issue

61 As a preliminary issue, I sought Defendant’s counsel’s explanation as to
how Rule 45 was to be read with Rule 14(h). The latter appeared to emphasise
the final, binding and non-appealable nature of the decision of the general
members following an appeal from the Appeals Board’s decision, whereas the
former appeared to envisage that any dispute could be further brought to
mediation and eventually to court. Rule 14(h) provides as follows:

The resolution of the meeting of general members [brought pursuant to Rule 14]
shall be final and binding and no further appeal shall lie from the decision
of such meeting to any Court of Law. [emphasis added]

62 The Defendant explained, by way of a supplementary affidavit, that the
dispute resolution procedure in Rule 45 was intended to apply to disputes that
did not touch on the subject matter of the Charges, such as procedural
matters. I found it difficult to follow this argument, which appeared to limit
Rule 45 only to procedural matters. However, I note the Defendant’s position
that the matter at hand (relating to the expulsion of the Plaintiffs) can
eventually be brought to court. This is evident from the fact that the
Defendant is seeking merely to stay OS 598, rather than to strike it out
entirely. The 1st prayer of the present application also makes clear that Rule
45 remains applicable even after a decision has been made pursuant to an
appeal to the general members under Rule 14(f) (and notwithstanding Rule
14(h)). The same position has been taken in Mr Poon’s affidavit dated 31
August 2017, where Mr Poon states:

Even after compliance with Rule 14(f), if there is a dispute after the general
meeting, the Plaintiffs should utilise the dispute resolution procedure set
out in Rule 45 to try and resolve the matter through mediation. The Plaintiffs
cannot commence court proceedings without first complying with the procedure
under Rule 45…

63 In the circumstances, I do not have to concern myself with how Rules 14(h)
and 45 are to be read in conjunction with each other, in view that the
Defendant has taken the position that the Plaintiffs can, if they comply with
the relevant Club’s Rules, eventually bring the matter to court.

Parties’ Arguments

64 I return now to the parties’ arguments in relation to Issue 2. Defendant’s
counsel contended that Rule 45 had to be complied with, as members are bound
by the Club’s Rules (see [29] and [35] above), and Rule 45 stipulated a clear
obligation to attempt mediation before proceeding in court.

65 The Plaintiffs did not contend that Rule 45 was inadequate in any way.
Instead, they argued that they should not be compelled to mediate the dispute
because the Defendant had decided not to mediate Suit 1115.

Analysis and Decision

66 Multi-tiered dispute resolution clauses have been upheld by courts, and
proceedings have been stayed in order for the dispute resolution process to be
adhered to: see, eg, Cable & Wireless Plc v IBM United Kingdom Ltd [2003] BLR
89.

67 In my view, Rule 45 is sufficiently clear and envisages that parties must
go for mediation before the matter is brought to court. For completeness, the
High Court had in fact previously granted a stay of a separate set of
proceedings (between the Defendant and different plaintiffs, in Originating
Summons No 144 of 2014) on the basis of Rule 45. The parties in that matter
proceeded for mediation, and court proceedings were later reinstated. While no
written grounds of decision are available for that decision, it provides a
measure of endorsement for the validity of Rule 45.

68 The Plaintiffs did not proffer any good reason for their argument that they
should not be required to comply with Rule 45. Whether the parties had
mediated in Suit 1115 is irrelevant to the issue of whether OS 598 should be
stayed in favour of the dispute resolution process stipulated in Rule 45. In
any event, Defendant’s counsel pointed out that in Suit 1115, mediation did
not materialise only because the 1st and 3rd Plaintiffs would not be
participating in the mediation. The Plaintiffs did not dispute this account.

Conclusion on Issue 2

69 In the light of the foregoing, I am of the view that OS 598 should be
further stayed in favour of the dispute resolution process provided for under
Rule 45.

Conclusion

70 Having answered both issues in the affirmative, I grant an order in terms
of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd prayers in the application. I will hear parties on the
4th prayer relating to costs.

Justin Yeo  
Assistant Registrar

Plaintiffs in person;  
Ms Chang Man Phing, Mr Aloysius Tan and Ms Dynyse Loh (WongPartnership LLP)
for the Defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

