Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 208

High Court Suit No 1233 of 2016

Between

Mumtaz Enterprise Pte Ltd

… Plaintiff

And

Kaki Bukit Developments Pte Ltd

… Defendant

judgment

[Contract] –– [Oral Agreement]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Mumtaz Enterprise Pte Ltd

  

v

  

Kaki Bukit Developments Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 208

High Court — HC/Suit No 1233 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
15–16, 22 and 29 August 2017

29 August 2017 Judgment reserved.

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant built a dormitory for foreign workers. The dormitory is named
“The Leo Residences” and is based on a new concept in which the residents will
have not only a supermarket but also a food court as well as other facilities.

2 The plaintiff is in the business of running supermarkets. In this action,
the plaintiff is suing the defendant for the breach of an oral agreement it
claims it had made with the defendant. The plaintiff claims that on 15 January
2014 the defendant orally agreed to lease premises to the plaintiff for ten
years. The plaintiff pleaded that by this agreement, the defendant would grant
the plaintiff “the option to lease the premises for a minimum period of ten
years”. It further pleaded that the plaintiff shall “have the sole discretion
of whether or not to continue the lease”.

3 The defendant invited tenders for the lease of its premises at the Leo
Residences. The plaintiff submitted its tender on 28 January 2014 for the
lease of the premises to run a supermarket. It was informed in March 2014 that
its tender to lease the premises was successful. A tenancy agreement was
signed on 23 May 2014 granting the plaintiff a lease of the premises for two
years from 1 May 2014 to 30 April 2016 at the monthly rent of $41,000.
Thereafter, the plaintiff sought and was granted a reduction in the rent
because it failed to obtain a liquor licence and no longer required the space
reserved for selling alcohol. The rent was thus reduced to $33,000.

4 Under the tenancy agreement, the plaintiff is required to give a written
request of their intention to renew the tenancy at least two months before it
expired on 30 April 2016. They did not do so. Instead, the plaintiff completed
the entire two years of lease under contract, and only when the lease was
expiring did it write to the defendant requesting that they consider granting
an extension of the lease for another two years from 2 May 2016. The defendant
declined but offered a tenancy for three months with an option to extend for
another three months. The plaintiff rejected the defendant’s offer and
counter-offered a two-year extension of the lease. The defendant rejected this
counter-offer, and the plaintiff then relented and signed a three-month lease
at an increased rent of $36,800 a month. At the end of the first period of
three months, the plaintiff did not sign any agreement for the second
extension but nonetheless remained for another three months (until 31 October
2016) paying the increased rent. The defendant subsequently opened a fresh
tender which the plaintiff participated but was unsuccessful. The plaintiff
then sued the defendant for breach of the alleged oral agreement.

5 The plaintiff’s claim as pleaded appeared doomed from the start. The crucial
particulars of the oral agreement, set out in paragraph 5(a) of the Statement
of Claim allege that:

Under the Agreement, if the Plaintiffs were successful in the tender, the
Plaintiffs would be granted by the Defendants the option to lease the Premises
for a minimum period of ten years.

It is not disputed that the plaintiff was successful in the first tender but
the award and subsequent lease under the tenancy agreement was for only two
years. The terms of the lease are clearly set out in the tender documents, and
tenancy agreement which was signed by both parties on 23 May 2014, months
after the alleged oral agreement of 15 January 2014.

6 From these undisputed facts, it is clear that there was no oral agreement to
be enforced. The documents as well as the undisputed facts contradict any oral
agreement that might have been made because the law assumes that the written
agreement had superseded the oral one. Furthermore, neither counsel addressed
the issue of whether the alleged agreement to grant a lease for a period of
ten years must be in writing pursuant to s 6(d) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed). The plaintiff’s best position might have been to plead that it
took part in the first tender in 2014 only because of the defendant’s
representation that the plaintiff would be given a ten year lease, whether in
a straight ten or on an extension basis. But that was not pleaded and the
evidence does not support it either.

7 One of the main witness for the plaintiff, Mdm Jawahar Faritha testified
that she believed it was the market practice to have ten-year leases. But she
is wrong. That does not appear to be the market practice and the plaintiff
presented no evidence to support that claim. Clause 29 of the tenancy
agreement states that

The Landlord may at the written request of the Tenant two (2) months’ before
the expiration of the said Term and at the written request by the Tenant grant
to the Tenant a tenancy of the Premises for a further period and on terms to
be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto.

At best, the option to extend the lease has been incorporated into the tenancy
agreement in cl 29 but the plaintiff did not exercise the option by making a
request in writing two months before the expiry of the two-year term. In any
event, by the time the plaintiff put in its bid in the second tender in 2016,
there was no longer any basis or right to claim an oral agreement, made before
the first tender, for a ten-year lease. The plaintiff submitted that the
second tender “was merely a weak excuse and a charade for the defendant to
breach the agreement”. It is the submission that is weak. The plaintiff does
not have to participate in that “charade”. And there is no evidence that it
had questioned the defendant as to why it needed a three-month contract
followed by a fresh tender since there was already a lease agreement for ten
years between the parties. It is also not correct for counsel to submit that
“The Parties had always conducted their dealings via verbal agreements” — the
parties entered into two written tenancy agreements which they were both bound
by. There is no evidence that parties relied on verbal agreements in their
correspondence or negotiations. There has been no reminder by the plaintiff to
the defendant that they had an oral agreement.

8 Although Mr Cheong, counsel for the plaintiff, had given a speck of
respectability to the plaintiff’s case through his cross-examination,
eliciting evidence that there were concessions made by the defendant, those
concessions were minor and not relevant, and the defendant did not dispute
them. Those concerned administrative matters that are ultimately governed by
the written contracts. In any case, I am minded that evidence of the proof of
the terms of the tenancy agreement can only be derived from the terms of the
written document itself (see s 93 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“EA”)) and that the oral agreement between the parties cannot be admitted to
contradict the terms of the said tenancy agreement (see s 94 of the EA). The
two tenancy agreements are conclusive of the terms of the lease. The tenancy
agreements make it clear that the lease was for an initial term of two years
and was later extended for a three-month period, with an option to extend for
a further three months under the second written agreement.

9 In any case, I am of the view that even if the plaintiff succeeds in proving
the existence of the oral agreement, it would not be successful in its claim
for damages. In my view, the plaintiff had not adduced any evidence of loss,
let alone mitigation. During the closing address, Mr Cheong, without leave,
produced some documents that he says contain evidence of the plaintiff’s
losses, but that was rightly challenged by Mr Vergis, counsel for the
defendant. The defendant had no opportunity of knowing what those documents
are and was unable to test their validity.

10 For the reasons above the claim is dismissed. I will fix costs after I hear
submissions by counsel.

11 When the trial ended on 22 August 2017, the parties were told that judgment
would be handed down on 29 August 2017 at 10am. On 28 August 2017 just before
noon counsel for the defendant, Mr Vergis posted a letter, through
e-litigation, to the registry stating:

1 We refer to the captioned matter, and the Honourable Justice Choo’s
directions for parties to attend before him on 29 August 2017 at 10:00am to
receive judgment for the matter.

2 The Plaintiff’s lead counsel, Mr Abraham Vergis, would like to convey his
apologies to the Court as he will not be able to attend the hearing, as he
will be in Taipei to speak at an arbitration conference at that time.

3 Our Ms Asiyah Arif will be attending the hearing to receive the Court’s
judgment on Mr Vergis’ behalf.

The registry replied as follows shortly on the same day:

As directed by The Honourable Justice Choo Han Teck, His Honour expects Mr
Vergis’ presence at the hearing fixed on 29 August 2017. Mr Vergis is to
explain why he has not informed the Court of his unavailability when His
Honour adjourned the hearing last week.

Please write in by 28 August 2017, by 3pm. Thank you.

Mr Vergis responded as follows:

1\. We refer to the Registry’s letter dated 28 August 2017.

2\. We would like to apologise that we were unable to respond by 3.00pm today.
Our Mr Abraham Vergis was in a full day mediation today, and this Registry’s
letter was only brought to his attention this evening at around 8 p.m. Our Ms
Asiyah Arif was also on leave today and was likewise only informed of the
Registry’s letter late this evening.

3\. At the hearing last week, Mr Vergis was under the impression that he would
be able to attend the hearing tomorrow and was very much looking forward to
receiving the verdict personally. It was an innocent oversight on his part
which is very much regretted. This is why, as soon as Mr Vergis realized his
error, he informed the Court and apologized to the Court for his absence.

4\. If His Honour prefers for Mr Vergis to personally attend the hearing to
receive judgment, Mr Vergis would be happy to do so, but respectfully requests
that the hearing be adjourned to the week of 4 – 8 September 2017 instead.

5\. Once again, we apologise for any inconvenience caused.

12 As lead counsel with a junior counsel with him, Mr Vergis must lead by
example and know that counsel do not direct the courts as to whether they will
attend or not, nor, as his second letter showed, when the court should sit, at
counsel’s convenience. When it comes to conduct and procedure of any
proceedings, the court gives the directions and not the other way around.
Nothing is to be done without the leave of court, and direction given may not
be changed without the leave of court. In case Mr Vergis is unsure what he
ought to have done to be proper, the answer is simply to write for an urgent
audience before the court so that he could seek the court’s leave for him to
be absent, or for the matter to be adjourned.

13 This judgment was delivered with Mr Vergis absent.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Jeremy Cheong Yon-Wen and Rebecca Chia Wei Lin (I.R.B. Law LLP) for the
plaintiff;  
Vergis S Abraham and Asiyah binte Ahmad Arif (Providence Law Asia LLC) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

