Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the

[2017] SGHC 225

Magistrate’s Appeal No 9214 of 2016

Between

Heng Tze Yong  
---  
  
… Appellant

And

Public Prosecutor  
---  
  
… Respondent

grounds of decision

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] – [Sentencing] – [Appeals]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Heng Tze Yong

  
v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 225

High Court — Magistrate’s Appeal No 9214 of 2016  
Chao Hick Tin JA  
8 March 2017  

14 September 2017

Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 The appellant, Heng Tze Yong (“the Appellant”), pleaded guilty before a
district judge (“the DJ”) to a single charge of corruptly giving gratification
to agents contrary to section 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap
241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“the proceed charge”). He also consented to a similar
charge being taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing (“the TIC
charge”). The Appellant was sentenced to five weeks’ imprisonment by the DJ,
whose grounds of decision can be found at Public Prosecutor v Heng Tze Yong
[2016] SGDC 291 (“the GD”). The Appellant appealed against the DJ’s decision,
arguing that the sentence was manifestly excessive and that only a fine should
have been imposed on him.

2 After hearing the parties, I allowed the Appellant’s appeal. I set aside the
term of imprisonment and substituted it with a fine of $35,000. I now give the
grounds of my decision.

The facts

3 The Appellant was a director of ANM Services Pte Ltd (“ANM”), a company in
the business of providing semiconductor engineering services. Such services
included providing parts cleaning for the manufacture and repair of
semiconductor assembly and testing equipment, and supplying High Efficiency
Particle Arrester (“HEPA”) filters.

4 The co-accused was one Ong Seng Wee (“Ben Ong”). Ben Ong was employed as a
Facility Manager by Micron Semiconductor Asia Pte Ltd (“Micron”), a company in
the business of producing semiconductors. Ben Ong’s responsibilities with
Micron included approving purchase orders for procurement of goods such as
HEPA filters. He was not involved in Micron’s parts cleaning contracts.

5 Sometime in 2012, the Appellant was introduced to Ben Ong, who was looking
for suppliers to supply HEPA filters for Micron’s clean rooms. In December
2012, through Ben Ong’s influence, Micron awarded a contract for the supply of
HEPA filters (worth S$7,920) to ANM. Subsequently, in March and April 2013,
Micron awarded three contracts for parts cleaning services (worth a total of
US$35,238) to ANM. Ben Ong was not involved in the award of these parts
cleaning contracts.

6 Sometime in May 2013, Ben Ong requested a bribe of S$3,000 from the
Appellant. In order not to sour the relationship with Ben Ong and to secure
continued business from Micron with Ben Ong’s assistance, the Appellant
complied with the request and made payment to Ben Ong about a week later. This
bribe was the subject matter of the TIC charge.

7 In June 2013, through Ben Ong’s influence, Micron awarded a contract for the
supply of HEPA filters (worth S$28,380) to ANM. Separately, in July 2013,
Micron awarded a contract for parts cleaning services (worth US$918) to ANM.

8 Sometime in August 2013, Ben Ong requested another bribe of S$7,000 from the
Appellant in exchange for assisting ANM to secure business from Micron and as
a reward for the contracts that had already been awarded for the supply of
HEPA filters. Again, and for the same reasons, the Appellant complied with Ben
Ong’s request and made payment a week after Ben Ong’s request. This second
bribe was the subject matter of the proceeded charge.

9 Subsequently, in October and December 2013, through Ben Ong’s influence,
Micron awarded three contracts to ANM for the supply of HEPA filters (worth a
total of S$67,980). Separately, on 11 September 2013, Micron also awarded to
ANM a contract for parts cleaning services (worth US$1,530).

10 On 6 January 2015, Micron awarded another contract to ANM for the supply of
HEPA filters (worth S$6,240). It was not clear from the Statement of Facts
whether this contract was obtained though the influence of Ben Ong. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

ROP at pp 9–10, para 11.

However, this last contract was cancelled by Micron when, on 9 January 2015,
Micron’s senior management learnt of the corrupt dealings between the
Appellant and Ben Ong.

11 The criminal proceedings against Ben Ong were heard separately by another
district judge. Ben Ong pleaded guilty to his corresponding charge in respect
of the S$7,000 bribe that he received from the Appellant, and consented to
having his corresponding charge in respect of the S$3,000 bribe taken into
account for the purposes of sentencing. Ben Ong was sentenced to eight weeks’
imprisonment for receiving the S$7,000 bribe. He also pleaded guilty to
another charge of corruptly receiving S$10,000 as a gratification from another
contractor, Thor Chi Tiong (“Thor”), for doing an act in relation to Micron’s
affairs, and was sentenced to ten weeks’ imprisonment for that charge (see
[13]–[16] below). The sentences were ordered to run concurrently, making a
total of ten weeks’ imprisonment.

The decision below

12 At the court below, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to five weeks’
imprisonment. The DJ found that the custodial threshold was crossed for the
following reasons:

(a) The Appellant was a senior manager in ANM (the GD at [16]-–[19]);

(b) A fine would not deter people like the Appellant from committing the
offence, given that the value of the contract greatly exceeded the bribe
amount (the GD at [22]);

(c) There was a need to protect the semiconductor manufacturing industry (even
though the DJ considered the custodial threshold to have been crossed
regardless of this point) (the GD at [23]);

(d) The total bribe involved amounting to S$10,000 in this case was not an
insignificant amount (the GD at [33]); and

(e) The Appellant committed the offence twice (the GD at [37]).

Arguments on appeal

The Appellant’s arguments

13 On appeal, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Sant Singh SC (“Mr Singh”), argued
that the sentence imposed by the DJ was manifestly excessive. In particular,
Mr Singh drew my attention to the sentence received by Thor, whom, as
mentioned above at [11], was another contractor who had given Ben Ong a bribe
of S$10,000. I now digress to summarise the facts of Thor’s case.

14 Thor was a financer of Infinity Power Engineering Pte Ltd (“Infinity”).
Infinity was originally awarded a sub-contract worth S$90,000 from Micron for
the provision of electrical works required to transfer production equipment
from Israel to Singapore. Subsequently, another company, RYB Engineering Pte
Ltd (“RYB”), submitted a more competitive quotation for the works, causing
Micron to cancel its sub-contract with Infinity and award it to RYB. Thor,
along with another director of Infinity, then approached Ben Ong and asked him
to influence Micron and the managing director of RYB to share the sub-contract
with Infinity. This request was made with the understanding that Thor would
reward Ben Ong if he acted as requested. Ben Ong then persuaded RYB to sub-
contract half of its works to Infinity. In return, Thor rewarded Ben Ong with
S$10,000.

15 Thor pleaded guilty to a single charge of corruptly giving gratification to
agents contrary to section 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The
district judge sentenced Thor to six weeks’ imprisonment: see Public
Prosecutor v Thor Chi Tiong [2016] SGDC 167 (“Thor (DC)”). Pertinently, at the
hearing below on the present case, the Prosecution relied on Thor (DC) to
argue that for consistency in sentencing, the Appellant should also receive an
imprisonment term in the region of five weeks as “the [Appellant’s]
culpability is similar to [Thor’s]”. 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ROP at p 102.

This submission was accepted by the DJ, who referred to Thor (DC) at some
length in the GD (at [37]), and found that “[i]t would appear that the
[Appellant’s] culpability is similar to [Thor’s]”. Accordingly, the DJ
proceeded to sentence the Appellant to five weeks’ imprisonment –– a shorter
term of imprisonment than that imposed on Thor in Thor (DC).

16 After the DJ’s decision was handed down in the present case, the decision
in Thor (DC) was subsequently reversed by the High Court on appeal in
Magistrate’s Appeal No 9123 of 2016 (“Thor (HC)”). In Thor (HC), Sundaresh
Menon CJ set aside Thor’s term of imprisonment, and substituted it with a fine
of S$35,000. Mr Singh submitted that likewise, the custodial threshold was not
crossed in the present case. I will discuss some of the similarities and
differences between Thor’s case and the present case at [41]–[43] and
[46]–[47] below.

The Prosecution’s arguments

17 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that the sentence imposed by
the DJ was not manifestly excessive, even in the light of the decision in Thor
(HC). The Prosecution highlighted, in particular, that:

(a) the Appellant gave bribes twice over a period of three months, while
Thor’s offence was a one-off incident; and

(b) That the Appellant’s offence had a more direct impact on the semiconductor
manufacturing industry than Thor’s offence, and the semiconductor
manufacturing industry was an important industry in Singapore that required
especial protection against corruption.

18 The Prosecution submitted that because of the combination of these two
factors and the fact that the Appellant was a senior manager of his company,
the Appellant’s case had crossed the custodial threshold.

My decision

The amount of gratification and the lack of real loss to Micron

19 In Public Prosecutor v Syed Mostofa Romel [2015] 3 SLR 1166 (“Mostofa
Romel”) at [26], Menon CJ set out, for convenient analysis, three broad and
non-exhaustive categories of ways in which private sector corruption can take
place. Parties were in agreement that the present case fell within the first
category, which was described in Mostofa Romel (at [26(a)]) as follows:

First, where the receiving party is paid to confer on the paying party a
benefit that is within the receiving party’s power to confer, without regard
to whether the paying party ought properly to have received that benefit. This
is typically done at the payer’s behest.

20 In relation to this category of offences, Menon CJ held (at [27]]) that
“whether the custodial threshold is crossed will depend on the facts”.

21 Earlier in the judgment, Menon CJ also provided the following guidance (at
[20]):

Where private sector agents are concerned, offences which register a lower
level of culpability can be dealt with by the imposition of fines. Such cases
are generally those where the amount of gratification is below $30,000 and
where there is no real detriment to the interests of the principal … That,
however, does not give rise to or support a presumption in favour of non-
custodial sentences whenever private sector corruption is concerned. Indeed,
it is critical in this context to be sensitive to the specific nature of
corruption that one is concerned with.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

22 It seemed to me that the foregoing passage from Mostofa Romel was
applicably to the present case: The amount of gratification involved was
substantially under S$30,000, and there was no real detriment to the interests
of Micron.

23 The DJ had addressed the issue of the amount of gratification in the
following manner. After quoting from the same passage from Mostofa Romel (as
reproduced at [21] above), the DJ surmised that: “[t]he High Court did not
hold that such cases that involve less than $30,000 should attract only a
fine. All the circumstances must be considered, and the amount of the bribe is
just one of the factors to consider” [emphasis added in bold italics] (the GD
at [33]).

24 The DJ was right in observing that there was no rule that cases involving
bribes less than S$30,000 should only attract a fine. However, I had some
reservations about his statement that the amount of gratification was “just
one of the factors” [emphasis added] to be considered. This statement
suggested that the amount of gratification was a factor of ordinary weight,
when it was in fact an important factor. As VK Rajah JA held in Public
Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor [2011] 4 SLR 217 (“Ang Seng Thor”) at [64]:

The District Court in Yeoh Hock Lam attempted (at [24]) to suggest a specific
amount of gratification (viz, $30,000) below which the custody threshold would
generally not be breached. On my part, I do not think the factual complexities
of the sentencing process permit such a precise figure to be provided.
However, I agree that the amount of gratification is an important factor in
determining whether the sentence should be custodial or not as it has a
correlation with the harm caused by an offence (see [46] above) and the
potential need to deter the creation of a corrupt business culture at the
highest levels of commerce (see [42] above). [emphasis added]

25 The amount of gratification involved remains an important factor in
determining the proper sentence for corruption offences. The reasons for
regarding this factor as important, which are summarised in the passage above,
remained relevant: the amount of gratification still correlates with the harm
caused by the bribe and the need to deter the creation of a corrupt business
culture at the highest level of commerce. Additionally, there is nothing in
Mostofa Romel to suggest that the amount of gratification is no longer an
important factor. In fact, this factor is expressly referred to in the
judgment, including in the passage reproduced above at [21] above (see also
Mostofa Romel at [23]). In my view, it is a matter of justice and common sense
that the amount involved would be an important factor.

26 Accordingly, it appeared to me that the DJ had erred in placing
insufficient weight on this important factor, which in the present case
militated against an imprisonment term being imposed.

27 In respect of the detriment suffered by Micron, the Prosecution submitted
that the corrupt transactions deprived Micron of the opportunity to consider
quotations from ANM’s competitors, and therefore the Appellant could not prove
that ANM had provided the most competitively priced HEPA filters for Micron. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Prosecution’s submissions at paras 73–75.

28 In my view, however, this submission was not quite on point. The fact
remained that there was no allegation of any real loss suffered by Micron. For
example, there was no claims that the HEPA filters were over-priced or did not
work. Furthermore, there was a pre-existing business relationship between ANM
and Micron that was independent of the corrupt transactions. ANM had been
awarded a contract for the supply of HEPA filters even before the corrupt
transactions took place, and ANM was awarded the contracts for providing parts
cleaning services without Ben Ong’s influence (see [4]–[9] above). These facts
indicated that Micron was generally satisfied with the products and services
provided by ANM, and did not suffer any real loss.

29 Therefore, the two factors highlighted by Menon CJ (see [21] above), ie,
the amount of gratification and the presence of detriment to the principal,
indicated that the present case had not crossed the custodial threshold. I
turn now to consider the other factors in this case.

The Appellant did not initiate the bribes

30 The role played by an offender in a corrupt transaction is clearly a factor
to be considered in determining an offender’s culpability. This is also a
factor that the DJ appeared to have given insufficient weight to when
sentencing the Appellant.

31 The DJ rightly held that “a giver is not less culpable simply because he
faced commercial pressure from the receiver to give bribes” (the GD at [29]).
For this proposition, the DJ relied on the following passages from Ang Seng
Thor (at [50]–[51]):

50 Having addressed the areas where the District Judge’s sentencing approach
were wrong in principle, I turned to his findings on the relevant facts. The
first set of findings concerned Ang’s level of culpability in the offences.
The District Judge made two findings relevant to culpability. The first of
these was that the particular roles played by Ang in the Seagate Charge and
the Infineon Charge pointed to a low level of culpability (see [9] above).

51 I did not agree with this finding. With respect to the Seagate Charge, one
ought to note that Ang was the only person from AEM involved in the decision
to give the bribe. He took the initiative to contact Ho to accede to the
latter’s request for kickbacks. While there may have been an element of
commercial pressure involved … I did not think that this pressure was
sufficient to substantially reduce Ang’s culpability. After all, it is part of
the normal cut and thrust of business that clients or suppliers often threaten
to take their business elsewhere in order to extract favourable concessions.
The situation was not at all comparable with, for instance, that in Zhao
Zhipeng. There, mitigation was granted because the offending football player,
a foreigner, was found to have accepted bribes under the “dominion” of his
team manager, on whom he was largely or entirely dependent for his livelihood
in Singapore, and in circumstances where the offender was far away from his
support network of friends and family (see Zhao Zhipeng at [38]–[39]).

[emphasis added]

32 I agreed with the DJ’s findings (the GD at [30]–[31]) that the commercial
pressure exerted in the present case did not rise to the level where it could
be considered to be a substantial mitigating factor. However, this did not
mean that, in the absence of sufficient pressure, the fact that an offender
did not initiate the bribe was to be ignored altogether in arriving at a
sentencing decision. In this regard, the following pronouncement from Menon CJ
in Mostofa Romel (at [31]) was instructive:

I should stress that these three categories are meant only as analytical tools
for the very many factual scenarios in which corruption may manifest itself.
These categories are not watertight; they shade into one another. They are
also not intended to be determinative of any case. Instead, they serve as a
reminder that sentencing, especially in the context of corruption, is an
intensely factual exercise. The court must correctly locate the facts of the
case, including the circumstances of the offender that is before it within the
continuum of the facts in previously decided cases before coming to a
conclusion as to the appropriate sentence. [emphasis added]

33 In determining where within the Mostofa Romel framework the present case
should be placed, it was germane to recall that with regard to the first
category of cases, Menon CJ had observed that the bribes were typically given
“at the payer’s behest” (see [19] above). This point was reiterated in Thor
(MA) (in the minute sheet at p 6) as follows:

It was common ground, and in fact the Judge himself said, that the present
case falls within the first category. And I pause to observe that a feature of
the first category is that it is usually initiated by the payer. Despite this,
in Mostofa Romel, I had said that there is no presumption that the custodial
threshold would apply \- that must depend on the circumstances. [emphasis
added]

34 Given that there was no presumption that a giver of bribe would necessarily
cross the custodial threshold despite usually being the initiator of the
bribe, it must follow that where a payer did not initiate the bribe, this fact
would all the more suggest that a fine should suffice. As a matter of logic
and good sense, there must be some difference in terms of culpability between
a giver who initiated the corrupt transaction and a giver who merely succumbed
to the solicitation and pressure of the recipient.

35 It was not disputed that the Appellant had not initiated the bribes.
However, the Prosecution had urged me to place some significance on the fact
that the Appellant had been advised by his friend (prior to the payment of the
S$3,000 bribe) to report the matter to the relevant authorities and the
Appellant did not take that advice. 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

ROP at pp 284–285.

36 In my view, however, this was hardly an aggravating factor. This incident
merely showed that the Appellant knew that it would be wrong of him to accede
to the bribe request of Ben Ong. I strongly believed that the friend’s advice
only conveyed what the Appellant had already known: that corruption in
Singapore is illegal and that if one received a request for bribes, one should
report it to the relevant authorities. This was and is common knowledge in
Singapore, where “our national character has come to be defined … by an utter
intolerance for corruption” (Mostofa Romel at [13]). Almost all offenders in
corruption cases would have known that they were breaking the law when they
gave or received bribes. The fault with the Appellant was not being strong
enough to resist the corrupt pressures exerted by Ben Ong.

37 Therefore, under the analytical framework set out in Mostofa Romel, the
fact that the Appellant did not initiate the bribes was a factor that would
lend support to the view that the custodial threshold had not been crossed.

The aggravating factors in the present case

38 I turn now to consider the aggravating factors in the present case that the
Prosecution highlight (see [17]–[18] above), namely, that the offences took
place in the context of an important industry, that the Appellant was a senior
manager of his company and had committed two offences over a period of three
months.

The purported need to protect the semiconductor industry

39 The law was clear that any corrupt act which would occasion a loss of
confidence in a strategic industry was an aggravating factor that often, but
not always, justifies a custodial sentence (Ang Seng Thor at [34]).

40 I accepted that the semiconductor industry was indeed a strategic industry.
In parliamentary debates last year, Mr S Iswaran (Ministry for Trade and
Industry) recognised the importance of the semiconductor industry in Singapore
when he said the following (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report (10 October 2016) vol 94 at page 30):

In recent times, Members would have read about the commitment by Micron, which
has a substantial investment in semi-conductor manufacturing in the wafer
fabrication sector, which is an important part of our electronics cluster in
Singapore. [emphasis added]

41 However, I was not persuaded that the transactions in this case had
sufficient nexus with the semiconductor industry, such that a stiffer sentence
was required to prevent a loss of confidence in the industry. This aggravating
factor would not be triggered simply because a transaction was somewhat
related to the semiconductor industry. Thor’s case also involved a sub-
contract that originated from Micron, and involved works necessary for the
transfer of production equipment for the semiconductor industry (see [14]
above). Despite these facts, Menon CJ held in Thor (MA) (in the minute sheet
at p 6) that the case did not involve any strategic setting or undertaking or
enterprise.

42 The Prosecution submitted that the Appellant’s offences had a more direct
impact on the semiconductor industry than Thor’s case because that case
related only to works necessary for the transfer of production equipment, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Prosecution’s submissions at para 93.

whereas in the present case, the HEPA filters were themselves necessary for
the production of semiconductors. As stated in the Statement of Facts, HEPA
filters “were required to filter the air for [Micron’s] clean rooms which were
used to manufacture semiconductors”. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ROP at p 7.

43 I considered the Appellant’s offences to have limited nexus to the
semiconductor industry. It seemed to me that both the HEPA filters and the
parts cleaning services provided by ANM were at least one step removed from
the production of semiconductors itself. No doubt these goods and services
were necessary for Micron to produce semiconductors, but the same could be
said for the electrical works provided in Thor’s case. In addition, no
evidence was adduced to shed light on the relative importance of HEPA filters
and parts cleaning services to the semiconductor industry. For example, there
was no evidence as to whether these goods and services constituted a
significant part of the costs of producing semiconductors. Therefore, in the
circumstances, I was unable to accord this purported aggravating factor any
significant weight.

The Appellant’s two offences and his senior position in ANM

44 With regards to the remaining two aggravating factors, ie, that the
Appellant had committed two offences over a period of three months and had
held a senior position in ANM, I accepted that these factors were present and
should be given due weight.

45 Nevertheless, taking a holistic assessment of the Appellant’s case, and
keeping in mind the amount of gratification, the absence of real loss to
Micron and the fact that the Appellant had not initiated the bribes (as
discussed at [8]–[37] above), I was of the view that the culpability of the
Appellant was not so high as to have crossed the custodial threshold.

The appropriate quantum of the fine

46 As I viewed it, the Appellant’s culpability was broadly similar to that of
Thor, bearing in mind the following similarities:

(a) The total amount of gratification was S$10,000 (though it should be noted
that the amount involved in the proceeded charge was only S$7,000); and

(b) The bribes were paid to the same recipient, ie, Ben Ong; and

(c) No detriment was suffered by the principal, ie, Micron was the principal
in both cases; and

(d) The offenders in both cases held senior positions in their respective
companies, ie, ANM and Infinity.

47 There were some differences between the two cases. For example, the
Appellant had committed two offences (compared to Thor’s single offence),
while Thor had initiated his offence while the Appellant had not. On the
whole, in my judgment, both the Appellant and Thor were of similar
culpability. Accordingly, it was appropriate to impose on the Appellant the
same fine of S$35,000 that was imposed on Thor.

Conclusion

48 For the reasons above, I found the sentence of five weeks’ imprisonment
imposed by the DJ to be manifestly excessive. I therefore ordered the
imprisonment term be set aside, and substituted it with a fine of S$35,000.

Chao Hick Tin  
Judge of Appeal

Sant Singh SC, Teo Jun Wei Andre and Yap En Li (Tan Rajah & Cheah) –
instructed by Tan Hee Jeok (Tan See Swan & Co) for the appellant;  
Norman Yew and Tan Khiat Peng (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the
respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

