Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 222

Criminal Motion No 16 of 2015

Between

NAGAENTHRAN A/L K DHARMALINGAM  
---  
  
… Applicant

And

PUBLIC PROSECUTOR  
---  
  
… Respondent

Judgment

[Criminal Law] — [Statutory offences] — [Misuse of Drugs Act] — [Discretion of
court not to impose sentence of death when offender was suffering from an
abnormality of mind]

[Criminal Procedure and Sentencing] — [Sentencing] — [Mentally disordered
offenders]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam

  

v

  

Public Prosecutor

[2017] SGHC 222

High Court — Criminal Motion No 16 of 2015  
Chan Seng Onn J  
11 April; 2 June 2017

14 September 2017 Judgment reserved.

Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This judgment deals with Criminal Motion No 16 of 2015, which is an
application by Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam (“the applicant”) to be re-
sentenced to life imprisonment under s 33B(1)(b) read with s 33B(3) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), having previously been
convicted and sentenced to death (“re-sentencing application”).

2 This re-sentencing application was heard over a single day on 11 April 2017.
The parties each led evidence from their respective psychiatric experts: the
applicant led evidence from Dr Ung Eng Khean (“Dr Ung”), a psychiatrist from
Adam Road Medical Centre; the respondent led evidence from Dr Koh Wun Wu
Kenneth Gerald (“Dr Koh”), a senior consultant from the Department of General
and Forensic Psychiatry at the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”). As will be
evident from my analysis below, the conflicting expert opinions of Dr Ung and
Dr Koh on the mental condition of the applicant at the time of the offence
constitute the very crux of the dispute in these proceedings.

3 At the close of proceedings, I reserved judgment.

Procedural history

4 The applicant had been charged under s 7 of the MDA for importing not less
than 42.72g of diamorphine on 22 April 2009. On 22 November 2010, I found the
applicant guilty following a trial, and sentenced him to death as mandated by
s 33 read with the Second Schedule to the MDA: Public Prosecutor v Nagaenthran
a/l K Dharmalingam [2011] 2 SLR 830 (“the Trial Judgment”). He appealed
against his conviction. The appeal was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 27
July 2011: Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam v Public Prosecutor [2011] 4 SLR
1156 (“the CA Decision”).

5 The applicant’s execution was stayed in the midst of the government’s review
of the mandatory death penalty regarding drug offences. On 14 November 2012,
the Singapore Parliament passed the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 2012 (Act
30 of 2012) (“the Amendment Act”). The Amendment Act introduced s 33B of the
MDA, which confers upon the court the discretion to sentence an offender
convicted of a capital drug charge to life imprisonment if:

(a) his involvement in the offence was merely as a courier as described under
s 33B(2)(a) and he has been issued a certificate of substantive assistance by
the Public Prosecutor within the meaning of s 33B(2)(b) (s 33B(1)(a) read with
s 33B(2) of the MDA) (“the substantive assistance provision”); or

(b) his involvement in the offence was merely as a courier as described under
s 33B(3)(a) and he was suffering from an abnormality of mind within the
meaning of s 33B(3)(b) (s 33B(1)(b) read with s 33B(3) of the MDA) (“the
abnormality of mind provision”).

Section 27(6) of the Amendment Act allows persons who had been convicted and
sentenced to death under the MDA prior to the amendments, and had their
appeals dismissed, to be re-sentenced in accordance with s 33B.

6 On 10 December 2014, the Prosecution informed the court and the then-counsel
for the applicant that the Public Prosecutor would not be issuing a
certificate of substantive assistance to the applicant. Despite this, the
applicant filed the present application on 24 February 2015 to seek to be re-
sentenced to life imprisonment under the substantive assistance provision.

7 The applicant also commenced various other applications. On 27 March 2015,
the applicant commenced Originating Summons No 272 of 2015, seeking judicial
review of the Public Prosecutor’s decision not to grant the certificate (“the
judicial review application”). The proceedings for the judicial review
application have been adjourned pending the outcome of the present re-
sentencing application. On 8 January 2016, the applicant filed Criminal Motion
No 2 of 2016 seeking, inter alia, a declaration that s 33B of the MDA is
unconstitutional and contrary to the rule of law (“the constitutional
challenge”). The Court of Appeal dismissed the constitutional challenge on 2
December 2016: Prabagaran a/l Srivijayan v Public Prosecutor and other matters
[2017] 1 SLR 173.

8 During the hearing for the re-sentencing application on 11 April 2017, the
parties agreed to proceed on the basis that the applicant was seeking to be
re-sentenced to life imprisonment under the abnormality of mind provision. The
applicant has since, with my leave, amended the Notice of Motion on 7 August
2017 to update the grounds of the re-sentencing application to reflect this
position.

Background facts

9 The facts surrounding the offence have previously been compendiously
summarised by the Court of Appeal when the Trial Judgment went on appeal. I
thus gratefully adopt the facts as restated in the CA Decision and set out the
portions that are pertinent to the present analysis as follows (the CA
Decision at [5]–[15]):

5 The [applicant] testified that he met a Chinese man by the name of King on
21 April 2009, and asked King for a loan of RM500 in order to pay for his
father’s heart operation on 23 April 2009 in Kuala Lumpur. King agreed. The
next day, 22 April 2009, the [applicant] met King at a food shop in Johor
Bahru at about 6.00pm. King handed the [applicant] what the [applicant]
believed to be a packet of food together with a transparent plastic packet of
curry, telling the [applicant] to deliver those items to a person in
Woodlands, Singapore. King gave the [applicant] a telephone SIM card, and
asked the [applicant] to put the said card into his phone and activate it upon
entering Singapore. King also told the [applicant] to wait in front of a
designated “7-Eleven” convenience store, and to give the items to a person in
a “dark blue Camry”. After the delivery, the [applicant] was to return to
Malaysia. King told the [applicant] that he had to complete the delivery of
the items before he would lend the RM500 to the [applicant].

6 Just as the [applicant] was about to leave with the said items, King invited
him into his (King’s) car, where he told the [applicant] that he had changed
his mind and that he needed the [applicant] to deliver something else instead.
King handed the [applicant a packet wrapped in newspaper (“the Bundle”)] …
King said that the Bundle contained “company product” or “company spares”.
King told the [applicant] that the Bundle had to be tied to the [applicant’s]
thigh for the delivery. According to the [applicant], he initially resisted
King’s request, but King slapped and punched him, threatening that if he
refused to deliver the Bundle, King would “finish” and “kill” Shalini (the
[applicant’s] girlfriend). King made the [applicant] remove one side of his
trousers and raise his leg such that it rested on the dashboard of King’s car.
Thereafter, King tied the Bundle around the [applicant’s] left inner thigh
with yellow tape. King again instructed the [applicant] to go to Singapore and
put the SIM card into his phone, and wait in front of the designated
“7-Eleven” convenience store. As before, King informed the [applicant] that a
“dark blue Camry” would come, that the person in the said Camry would be
wearing blue-coloured spectacles, and that the [applicant] was to hand the
Bundle to that person.

7 King then sent the [applicant] to the [applicant’s] apartment to prepare for
the delivery trip. When the [applicant] alighted from King’s car, the
[applicant] telephoned Kumarsen and told Kumarsen that he had to take some
money to Singapore. Kumarsen agreed to give him a ride. The [applicant]
returned to his room in the apartment and put on a pair of trousers which
belonged to one Tamilselvam (Kumarsen’s nephew, who was staying in the
[applicant’s] room). Because Tamilselvam was much bigger sized than the
[applicant], the [applicant] had to use a belt to secure the fit. According to
the [applicant], he wore Tamilselvam’s trousers because King had told him to
wear bigger trousers as it was important that what was in the Bundle was not
damaged. Although Shalini, Tamilselvam and one Ramesh were in the apartment at
that time, the [applicant] testified that he did not tell any of them what
King had done or said to him.

8 Kumarsen rode his motorcycle, with the [applicant] riding pillion, to the
Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint. At about 7.45pm, the [applicant] and
Kumarsen were stopped at the Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint by the passport
screening officer and taken to an office. In the office, the [applicant]
called Shalini. The [applicant] and Kumarsen were thereafter brought to
different rooms by various officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”).

9 Staff Sergeant Syed Anis Bin Syed Omar Alsree (“SSgt Anis”), a CNB officer,
commenced the strip search of the [applicant] … During the strip search, the
[applicant] was asked by SSgt Anis to remove his trousers, which he did. At
this point, SSgt Anis saw the Bundle secured to the [applicant’s] left inner
thigh with yellow tape over the red pair of boxer briefs that he was wearing.
Later, Sergeant Muhd Zaid Bin Adam and Sergeant Shahrulnizam s/o Abdullah
(“Sgt Shahrulnizam”) entered the room and SSgt Anis left the room. Sgt
Shahrulnizam spoke to the [applicant] in Tamil, handcuffed him, and then
proceeded to remove the Bundle from the [applicant’s] thigh. While doing so,
part of the Bundle’s newspaper wrapping tore, enabling Sgt Shahrulnizam to see
that the Bundle contained a transparent plastic bag with white granular
substance in it. The white granular substance was subsequently analysed and
found to contain not less than 42.72g of heroin.

…

12 At about 12.10am on 23 April 2009, Sgt Shahrulnizam handed the seized
exhibits to Sergeant Vasanthakumar Pillai s/o M M Iruthaya Nathen Pillai (“Sgt
Vasanthakumar”) for the purpose of recording statements from the [applicant]
and Kumarsen … Sgt Vasanthakumar recorded Kumarsen’s statement first, and
later recorded the [applicant’s] statement between 1.20am and 1.35am. The
material portions of the [applicant’s] statement recorded by Sgt Vasanthakumar
read:

Q1) What is this? (Pointing to a zip lock Bag consisting of 1 big packet of
white granular substance, Crushed Newspaper & yellow Tape)

A1) Heroin.

Q2) Whom does it belong to?

A2) It belongs to my Chinese friend who goes by the name of king who strapped
it on my left thigh.

Q3) Why did he strapped it on your left Thigh?

A3) He Strapped it on my left thigh is because it was for my safety and no one
will find it.

Q4) Whom is it to be delivered to?

A4) It is to be delivered to one Chinese recipient who will be driving a dark
blue Camry and he will be meeting me in front of [the] 7-11 store at Woodlands
Transit.

Q5) Why do you have to deliver the Heroin?

A5) I have to deliver [the] Heroin is because I owe king money & he promised
to pass me another five hundred dollars after my delivery.

…

15 At about 6.02am on 23 April 2009, Assistant Superintendent Sivaraman
Letchumanan recorded the [applicant’s] cautioned statement, the material part
of which is as follows:

I was forced and sent into Singapore. I had borrowed money on interest. My
father is undergoing an operation this morning. I went and asked the same
person an additional RM500/-. And he told me to deliver something. First he
gave me a package with Roti Channai and gravy. As I was leaving the shop, he
called me by my name ‘Raja’ and requested me to return to the shop. He asked
me to remove my pants and he placed a bundle wrapped up in Chinese Newspaper
on my left upper thigh and he used a tape and taped the packet around my
thigh. He went 3 time round. I asked him ‘what is this’ and he told me it is
for your safety and the thing will be save. He is a male chinese known to me
as ‘King’. I did not know what was inside the package and only when it was
opened up, one of the sirs told me it was Heroin. The rider of the motorcycle
does not know anything about this. I was threatened that if I didn’t return
the money, they will knock down my girlfriend using a car. That is all.

10 In the Trial Judgment, I accepted that the statements made by the applicant
to the CNB officers had been provided voluntarily and recorded accurately (at
[33]). Also, I “did not accept the [applicant’s] version of facts to be true,
in particular the alleged fact that King had assaulted the [applicant] and
threatened to kill [the applicant’s girlfriend] if the [applicant] refused to
(a) let King strap onto his left thigh the Bundle, which King told him
contained ‘company spares’ or ‘company product’ and (b) deliver the strapped
Bundle to King’s ‘brother’ in Singapore” (at [34]). I thus found that the
applicant had failed to establish the defence of duress on a balance of
probabilities (at [18]–[19]). I also found that the applicant did have actual
knowledge of the contents of the Bundle at the material time of the offence
(at [33]).

11 On appeal, the Court of Appeal affirmed all of the aforementioned findings
made at trial: see the CA Decision at [18]–[19].

The expert evidence

12 For the purposes of this re-sentencing application, the following expert
reports were tendered:

(a) A psychiatric report from Dr Koh dated 11 April 2013 (“Dr Koh’s 2013
Report);

(b) A psychological report from Ms Eunice Seah (“Ms Seah”), a psychologist at
the Department of Psychology of the IMH, dated 12 April 2013 (“Ms Seah’s
Report”);

(c) A psychiatric report from Dr Ung dated 22 August 2016 (“Dr Ung’s Report”);

(d) A further psychological report from Dr Patricia Yap (“Dr Yap”), the
Principal Clinical Psychologist at the IMH, dated 1 February 2017 (“Dr Yap’s
Report”); and

(e) A further psychiatric report from Dr Koh dated 7 February 2017 (“Dr Koh’s
2017 Report”).

Dr Koh’s 2013 Report

13 The applicant was first referred to Dr Koh for a forensic psychiatric
evaluation while he was awaiting the execution of his sentence following his
conviction at trial. Dr Koh examined the applicant on 14 and 21 March 2013. He
perused the statement of facts of the case and the applicant’s prison
psychiatric notes, and interviewed the applicant’s sister over the phone as
well as his prison officer. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

Dr Kenneth Gerald Koh’s Psychiatric Report dated 11 April 2013, p 1.

14 In Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, he offered the following opinion of the
applicant’s mental condition: 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, p 3.

Mr Nagaenthran had no mental illness at the time of the offence. Although not
clinically mentally retarded, his borderline range of intelligence might have
made him more susceptible than a person of normal intelligence to over-
estimating the reality of the alleged threat that had been made to his
girlfriend if he refused to make the delivery of the drugs. It, however, would
not have diminished his ability to appreciate that the package that was taped
to his thigh would most likely have contained drugs and that bringing this to
Singapore was illegal.

[emphasis added]

Ms Seah’s Report

15 Following his conviction, the applicant was also referred to Ms Seah for an
assessment of his intellectual functioning. Ms Seah conducted an assessment of
the applicant on 4 April 2013, which involved her conducting first an intake
interview with the applicant followed by two psychometric measures, viz, the
Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scales (Fourth Edition) (“WAIS-IV”) and the Test
of Memory Malingering (“TOMM”). Ms Seah also referred to Dr Koh’s 14 March
2013 interview with the applicant, and called the applicant’s sister on 6
April 2013. 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

Ms Eunice Seah’s Psychological Report dated 12 April 2013, p 1.

16 In Ms Seah’s Report, she made the following conclusion: 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

Ms Seah’s Report, p 5.

… From this assessment, Nagaenthran’s [Full Scale Intelligence Quotient
(“FSIQ”)] indicated that his overall intellectual functioning was assessed to
be in the Extremely Low range. However, Nagaenthran’s FSIQ was at the high end
of the Extremely Low range of functioning. The FSIQ confidence interval also
indicated that he was functioning between the Extremely Low and Borderline
range of functioning. This was consistent with his performance on the [Verbal
Comprehension Index (“VCI”), Perceptual Reasoning Index (“PRI”) and Processing
Speed Index (“PSI”)]. Furthermore, Nagaenthran’s VCI, PRI, [Working Memory
Index (“WMI”)] and PSI scores were consistent with his socio-occupational
history, education history, adaptive functioning abilities and his current
presentation. Hence, Nagaenthran’s overall intellectual functioning was more
accurately represented by his VCI, PRI, WMI and PSI scores, which assessed him
to be functioning at least within the Borderline range.

In view of Nagaenthran’s performance on the various WAIS-IV indexes, socio-
occupational history, education history, his adaptive functioning abilities
and his presentation during the assessment, Nagaenthran is functioning at
least within the Borderline range of functioning and he is assessed not to be
intellectually disabled.

[emphasis in original]

Dr Ung’s Report

17 The applicant was subsequently referred by his counsel to Dr Ung for the
purposes of conducting a psychiatric assessment specifically for the purposes
of the present re-sentencing application. Dr Ung assessed the applicant on 19
April and 19 July 2016, 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

Ung Eng Khean’s Affidavit dated 19 September 2016, exh UEK-1, Appendix 1 and
Appendix 2.

and also relied on the findings made in Dr Koh’s 2013 Report. 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 8.

18 In Dr Ung’s Report, he made the following conclusions about the applicant’s
mental condition: 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 52–56.

52\. I am of the opinion that Mr Nagaenthran suffered from an abnormality of
mind at the time of his arrest, namely: Severe Alcohol Use Disorder, Severe
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ADHD) [sic] Combined Type and
Borderline Intellectual Functioning/ Mild Intellectual Disability.

53\. Psychological Assessment had revealed his Full Scale Intelligence
Quotient (IQ) to be 66 to 74. This is in the range of Mild Intellectual
Disability suggested in [the American Psychiatric Association, Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (American Psychiatric Association
Publishing, 5th Ed, 2013) (“DSM-V”)].

54\. Intellectual Disability requires the presence of functional disability as
well and I am of the opinion that Mr Nagaenthran had functional disability in
the conceptual domains and to a lesser extent in his social and practical
domain.

55\. The triad of conditions above is individually associated with significant
neuro-cognitive effects and deficits.

56\. It is my opinion that the synergistic effect of these conditions
significantly affected his judgment, decision making and impulse control
leading up to his arrest. There was total preoccupation with the short and
immediate term with little regard of the long-term consequences of his action.

[emphasis in original]

Dr Yap’s Report

19 In light of Dr Ung’s Report, the applicant was referred by Dr Koh to Dr Yap
for the purposes of conducting a neuropsychological assessment to explore the
possibility that the applicant was suffering from ADHD. Dr Yap conducted seven
assessment sessions on the applicant totalling 15 hours and 55 minutes in the
period from November 2016 to January 2017. 18 psychometric tests, including
the TOMM and the WAIS-IV, were performed on the applicant. Dr Yap also
conducted a one-hour interview with the applicant’s sister on 29 December
2016, and referred to Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, Ms Seah’s Report and Dr Ung’s
Report. 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

Dr Patricia Yap’s Psychological Report dated 1 February 2017, p 1.

20 In Dr Yap’s psychological report dated 1 February 2017, she made the
following conclusions about the applicant’s mental condition: 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

Dr Yap’s Report, pp 5–6.

The results indicate that Mr Nagaenthran is not intellectually disabled. In
addition, his cognitive functioning was well-preserved in the following
domains: basic attention span, working memory and visuo-spatial skills.
Notably, his performance was impaired in information processing tasks, but
this slowness was likely to be due to his concern with performing well and not
a true deficit. In contrast, Mr Nagaenthran’s visual memory was impaired and
did not improve significantly with recognition cues. With regards to verbal
memory, when he was asked to remember unstructured information (i.e., word
lists), his performance was impaired; but his recall and recognition improved
to be within the Low Average to Average range when the information was
structured and within a context (i.e., stories). These results are generally
consistent with Mr Nagaenthran’s complaints of poor memory. Additionally,
testing revealed that while many of Mr Nagaenthran’s executive functioning
skills were impaired (including verbal fluency, set-shifting, abstract
reasoning, judgment, strategy formation, and problem-solving) he was able to
plan and organise on simpler items and there were no indications of problems
with impulsivity and vigilance.

Both Mr Nagaenthran and his sister rated him as significant for ADHD symptoms
on the Conners’ Adult ADHD Rating Scales (CAARS), and indications of issues
with inattentiveness and sustained attention in a computerised test suggested
that it would be ADHD of the inattentive subtype. Mr Nagaenthran’s performance
on the computerised test was associated with a moderate rather than high
likelihood of having a disorder characterized by attention deficits. This is
generally consistent with Mr Nagaenthran’s reports of a history of hyperactive
behaviour since childhood.

Consistent with his recounting of a history since childhood of anger,
aggression and gang violence, Mr Nagaenthran indicated in self-report measures
that he has an angry temperament and was prone to Very High levels of anger
expression. Mr Nagaenthran’s account suggests that gangs that he joined since
adolescence have assumed a position of top priority to him, and his loyalty to
the gang is so fervent that it unquestionably guides his actions. His sister
has observed that Mr Nagaenthran has always been his friends’ scapegoat and
does not think about himself and his family when he does whatever his friends
ask him to do. While there are some indications in the current assessment that
Mr Nagaenthran may have adult ADHD, his account of the incidents leading to
his arrest suggests that he acted in a pre-meditated fashion and understood
the potential consequences of his behaviour. Mr Nagaenthran now regrets his
misplaced loyalty to the gang.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bolditalics]

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report

21 The respondent also sought a further opinion from Dr Koh specifically for
the purposes of this re-sentencing application. In a report dated 7 February
2017, Dr Koh made a few observations in response to the conclusions drawn in
Dr Ung’s Report. First, Dr Koh disagreed with Dr Ung that the applicant was
mildly intellectually disabled. The conclusions drawn in Dr Yap’s Report about
the applicant’s intelligence are in agreement with those reached in Ms Seah’s
Report: 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

Dr Kenneth Gerald Koh’s Report dated 7 February 2017, p 1.

both Dr Yap and Ms Seah had concluded that the applicant was not
intellectually disabled. Second, Dr Koh rejected Dr Ung’s diagnosis that the
applicant had ADHD. Dr Koh called into question Dr Ung’s reliance on the Adult
ADHD Self-Report Scale (“ASRS”), given that the ASRS is a self-rating scale
that carries the attendant possibility of bias. Dr Koh suggested that Dr Yap’s
employment of the more objective Connor’s Continuous Performance Test (3rd
Edition) (“CPT3”) was more instructive. Dr Koh’s opinion was that even if the
applicant has ADHD, his condition is mild, with features of inattentiveness,
but not hyperactivity or impulsiveness. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, pp 1–2.

Third, Dr Koh questioned Dr Ung’s diagnosis of severe alcohol use disorder,
given that the applicant’s account of his alcohol use to Dr Ung greatly
differed from that provided to Dr Koh when he was preparing his 2013
psychiatric report. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 2.

22 However, Dr Koh also acknowledged that the applicant’s “borderline
intelligence and concurrent cognitive defects may have contributed toward his
misdirected loyalty and poor assessment of the risks in agreeing to carry out
the offence [that he was convicted for]”. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 4.

Issues to be determined

23 As mentioned earlier, the applicant seeks to be re-sentenced to life
imprisonment pursuant to s 33B(1)(b) read with s 33B(3) of the MDA. These
provisions state as follows:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.—(1) Where a person commits or attempts to commit an offence under section
5(1) or 7, being an offence punishable with death under the sixth column of
the Second Schedule, and he is convicted thereof, the court—

…

(b) shall, if the person satisfies the requirements of subsection (3), instead
of imposing the death penalty, sentence the person to imprisonment for life.

…

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

(a) his involvement in the offence under section 5(1) or 7 was restricted —

(i) to transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug;

(ii) to offering to transport, send or deliver a controlled drug;

(iii) to doing or offering to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
his transporting, sending or delivering a controlled drug; or

(iv) to any combination of activities in sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii);
and

(b) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes
or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence under
section 5(1) or 7.

…

It is thus clear that for the applicant to succeed in this re-sentencing
application, he has to satisfy both requirements under s 33B(3)(a) and s
33B(3)(b) cumulatively; a failure to satisfy either requirement would
disentitle the applicant from obtaining the benefit of the sentence of life
imprisonment under s 33B(1)(b): see Rosman bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor
[2017] 1 SLR 10 (“Rosman”) at [9].

24 At the outset, I find that the applicant is a courier within the meaning of
s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA. It was common ground that the applicant meets the
requirements under s 33B(3)(a) for him to be classified as a mere courier. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

Respondent’s Submissions dated 26 May 2017, para 22.

In any event, even if this issue had been in dispute, I am of the view that
the applicant’s involvement in the offence only extended to “transporting,
sending or delivering” the drug. This is abundantly clear from the applicant’s
evidence given in his long statement that he had to deliver the drugs that he
was caught with because he owed King money and King promised to pay him
another RM500 after the delivery, and that he knew little about the
transaction beyond the fact that the drugs were to be “delivered to one
Chinese recipient who will be driving a dark blue Camry and [who] will be
meeting [the applicant] in front of [the] 7-11 store at Woodlands Transit”
(see [9] above). The applicant was thus clearly a mere courier within the
meaning of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA.

25 Accordingly, the only issues that remain alive for my determination in this
re-sentencing application pertain to whether the applicant meets the
requirements under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. The issues may be stated as
follows:

(a) Whether the applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind;

(b) Whether the abnormality of mind arose from a condition of arrested or
retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or was induced by disease
or injury (ie, aetiology of the abnormality of mind); and

(c) Whether the abnormality of mind substantially impaired the applicant’s
mental responsibility for the offence.

The parties’ arguments

The applicant’s arguments

26 Counsel for the applicant, Mr Eugene Thuraisingam (“Mr Thuraisingam”),
asserts that the applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind because
it is allegedly common ground amongst Dr Koh, Dr Yap, Ms Seah and Dr Ung that,
at minimum: (a) the applicant was of borderline intelligence, (b) the
applicant’s executive functioning skills were impaired, and (c) the applicant
did, on a balance of probabilities, suffer from ADHD of the inattentive
subtype. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

Applicant’s Submissions dated 26 May 2017, para 36.

According to Mr Thuraisingam, Dr Koh agreed at trial that the applicant’s ADHD
and impairment of his executive functioning skills are considered
abnormalities of the mind, 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 38; NE pp 96:31–97:2.

and that the applicant’s borderline intelligence and concurrent cognitive
deficits may also be considered an abnormality of mind. 17

##### Foot Note 17

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 39; NE pp 98:26–99:6.

Dr Koh also allegedly acknowledged the possibility that the applicant’s
alcohol use disorder had contributed to his abnormality of mind. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 42; NE p 99:17–21.

27 Next, Mr Thuraisingam argues that the aetiology of the applicant’s
abnormality of mind falls within the three possibilities listed under s
33B(3)(b). According to Mr Thuraisingam, the applicant’s ADHD abnormality of
mind was allegedly induced by disease or injury because the applicant was
suffering from ADHD. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 45.

Alternatively, the applicant’s abnormality of mind may have arisen from
inherent causes because: (a) the applicant suffered from impaired executive
functioning skills which might have been present in him congenitally; and (b)
the applicant’s history of alcohol abuse could have led to his cognitive
deficits. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 46.

28 Finally, Mr Thuraisingam submits that the applicant’s abnormality of mind
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
relation to the offence. According to Mr Thuraisingam, the applicant’s
psychiatric conditions significantly affected his decision-making and sense of
judgment, as they may lead him to focus on his immediate needs and disregard
the future consequences of his actions, and they may impair his internal
rationality in relation to his assessment of risks. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Applicant’s Submissions, paras 52–55.

Also, Mr Thuraisingam contends that it is immaterial that the applicant was
able to plan and execute detailed steps prior to the commission of his offence
because the mere fact that a person is able to take detailed steps in the
commission of his offence is not necessarily inconsistent with the person’s
mental responsibility for his acts being substantially impaired. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Applicant’s Submissions, paras 58–62.

Finally, Mr Thuraisingam submits that it is also immaterial that the applicant
might have had ample time to reconsider his decision to carry out his criminal
acts because it is possible for an abnormality of mind to impair one’s
decision-making and impulse control for a sustained period of time. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Applicant’s Submissions, paras 63–64.

The respondent’s arguments

29 Counsel for the respondent, DPP Lau Wing Yum (“DPP Lau”), asserts that the
applicant was not suffering from an abnormality of mind. He first casts doubt
on Dr Ung’s diagnosis of intellectual disability by pointing out that the
applicant does not fulfil the criteria stated in Dr Ung’s Report for
intellectual disability; the applicant merely has borderline intelligence,
which is not considered a disorder in the DSM-V. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 35–46.

DPP Lau also argues that Dr Ung’s diagnosis of alcohol abuse disorder is
unreliable because it is premised entirely on the information provided by the
applicant, which is itself unreliable. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 62–68.

DPP Lau then calls into question Dr Ung’s diagnosis of ADHD, mainly on the
basis of the lack of rigour in the methodology employed by Dr Ung in assessing
the applicant for ADHD. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 72–76.

Finally, DPP Lau suggests that, far from having any mental disorders, the
applicant has in fact shown himself to be fully capable of a significant
degree of deliberation and intelligence in his dealings with others, given
that he was able to draw up multiple conflicting accounts that were each
internally consistent, logical and rich in detail when questioned by the
investigation agencies, before the court and by all the examining
psychiatrists thus far. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 26–33.

30 DPP Lau then argues that it cannot be said that the applicant’s abnormality
of mind was induced by disease or injury, because Dr Koh explained that the
applicant’s alleged ADHD, which Dr Ung claimed to be the alleged “disease or
injury”, does not cause the cognitive deficits that have been identified by Dr
Ung. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

Respondent’s Reply Submissions dated 2 June 2017, para 10

DPP Lau also asserts that the applicant’s abnormality of mind did not arise
from any inherent cause because Dr Ung failed to furnish any evidence of
actual brain damage sustained due to the applicant’s alcohol abuse, which Dr
Ung touted as the alleged “inherent cause”. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

Respondent’s Reply Submissions, para 11.

31 Finally, DPP Lau contends that even if the applicant is found to be
suffering from mental deficits, the applicant is unable to show that the
deficits had substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the offence
for the following reasons:

(a) First, DPP Lau casts doubt on the factual matrices that Dr Ung relies on
to suggest that the applicant’s borderline intelligence had substantially
impaired his mental responsibility. According to him, Dr Ung’s opinion that
the applicant’s cognitive deficits could have caused him to be more
susceptible to over-estimating the threats from King ought to be rejected
because his claims of duress had been dismissed at trial. Also, Dr Ung’s
opinion that the applicant’s cognitive deficits could have caused him to be
more susceptible to misguided gang loyalty also ought to be rejected because
this account is a mere afterthought. Ultimately, DPP Lau suggests that the
applicant’s true motivation for committing the offence was simply that he owed
King money and he needed to perform the delivery to earn more money; this
showed that the applicant’s mental responsibility could not have been
substantially impaired as he took a calculated risk. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 47–61.

(b) Second, DPP Lau argues that the applicant’s alcohol use disorder also
could not have substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the
offence because Dr Ung had conceded in cross-examination that the applicant
was not addicted to alcohol and that his drinking would not influence him much
unless the alcohol abuse had caused brain damage, which Dr Ung in turn had no
proof of. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

Respondent’s Submissions, para 69.

(c) Third, DPP Lau submits that the applicant’s ADHD could not have
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the offence because, even
assuming that the applicant was suffering from severe ADHD of the combined
type, the manner in which the applicant had carried out the offence showed
that he could not have been labouring under the effects of any impulsivity. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

Respondent’s Submissions, paras 77–84.

(d) Finally, even if the applicant’s mental responsibility had indeed been
impaired in any way by any of the alleged cognitive deficits suggested by Dr
Ung, the impairment was not substantial, but was at most mild. 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

Respondent’s Reply Submissions, paras 13–14.

The applicable legal principles

32 I now turn to explain briefly the applicable legal principles.

Section 33B(3)(b) of the MDA

33 Addressing first the general principles governing the application of s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA, I set out, again, s 33B(3)(b) for ease of reference as
follows:

Discretion of court not to impose sentence of death in certain circumstances

33B.— …

(3) The requirements referred to in subsection (1)(b) are that the person
convicted proves, on a balance of probabilities, that —

…

(b) he was suffering from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a
condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes
or induced by disease or injury) as substantially impaired his mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to the offence under
section 5(1) or 7.

34 As is already evident from the delineation of the issues to be determined
in this judgment (see [25] above), in order to be re-sentenced to life
imprisonment, the applicant must establish, on a balance of probabilities,
each of the following three distinct requirements under s 33B(3)(b) of the
MDA:

(a) the applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind (“the first
limb”);

(b) such abnormality of mind: (i) arose from a condition of arrested or
retarded development; (ii) arose from any inherent cause; or (iii) was induced
by disease or injury (“the second limb”); and

(c) the abnormality of mind substantially impaired the applicant’s mental
responsibility for his acts and omissions in relation to his offence (“the
third limb”).

35 Strangely, this three-limb test has not been expressly enunciated by both
the Court of Appeal and the High Court in Rosman ([23] supra) and Phua Han
Chuan Jeffery v Public Prosecutor [2016] 3 SLR 706 (“Jeffery Phua”)
respectively, which are the two most recent cases dealing with the application
of s 33B(3)(b). However, it has been repeatedly applied in the context of
determining whether the diminished responsibility exception to murder under
Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) is satisfied:
see Iskandar bin Rahmat v Public Prosecutor and other matters [2017] 1 SLR 505
(“Iskandar”) at [79], citing Ong Pang Siew v Public Prosecutor [2011] 1 SLR
606 (“Ong Pang Siew”) at [58] and Public Prosecutor v Wang Zhijian and another
appeal [2014] SGCA 58 (“Wang Zhijian”) at [50].

36 Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code provides that:

Exception 7.—Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering
from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or
retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or
injury) as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and
omissions in causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

Section 33B(3)(b) is, in essence, a near-identical reproduction of Exception
7: Rosman at [46]; Jeffery Phua at [6]. It thus stands to reason that this
three-limb test ought to be applied with the same level of methodical rigour
in the context of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA as in cases involving Exception 7 to
s 300 of the Penal Code.

37 As a brief aside, I note that the structuring of the analysis for the
abnormality of mind provision as a “three-stage test” has previously been
criticised in the Court of Appeal decision of G Krishnasamy Naidu v Public
Prosecutor [2006] 4 SLR(R) 874 (“Naidu”), which dealt with Exception 7 to s
300 of the Penal Code. The court in Naidu took the view that the “three-stage
test” is a “misapplication of the law” because the exception is a “composite
clause that must be read and applied as a whole” (at [4]); the exception
requires the court to merely answer the straightforward question of whether
the offender was suffering from such abnormality of mind as substantially
impaired his mental responsibility (at [6]).

38 However, the Naidu decision goes against the considerable weight of
previous Court of Appeal jurisprudence on this point: it presents a marked
departure from the approach adopted in previous Court of Appeal decisions like
Took Leng How v Public Prosecutor [2006] 2 SLR(R) 70 (“Took Leng How”) and
Chua Hwa Soon Jimmy v Public Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR(R) 601, which all
affirmed the “three-stage test”. More critically, the Naidu approach has also
not been endorsed in subsequent Court of Appeal decisions like Ong Pang Siew
([35] supra), Wang Zhijian ([35] supra) and Iskandar ([35] supra), which have
all affirmed the “three-stage test”. Given the guidance from these later Court
of Appeal decisions, it appears that the same “three-stage test” ought to be
applied when conducting the present analysis in relation to s 33B(3)(b) of the
MDA.

39 I am disinclined to apply the approach espoused in Naidu. In my view, the
“three-stage test” promotes conceptual clarity by making clear the distinction
between the elements that ought to be a matter of expert evidence (ie, the
second limb) and elements that ought to be exclusively a matter for judicial
determination (ie, the first and third limbs) (see [40] below). For myself,
the key principle that should be extracted from Naidu is that there simply
must be “appropriate links established by the evidence between these three
elements” of s 33B(3)(b): Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan & Chan Wing Cheong,
Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore (LexisNexis, Rev 2nd Ed, 2015) (“Yeo,
Morgan & Chan”) at para 27.8. If anything, the court’s single-minded focus in
Naidu on the composite inquiry – of whether the offender was suffering from
such abnormality of mind as substantially impaired his mental responsibility –
ought to simply be interpreted as a recognition of the fact that among the
three limbs of s 33B(3)(b), the third limb is the critical question that
brings together all the other limbs of this provision: Yeo, Morgan & Chan at
para 27.34.

40 Turning back to the application of this three-limb test, it is trite that
while the second limb, which concerns the aetiology or root cause of the
abnormality, is a matter largely within the purview of expert opinion, the
first and third limbs are matters that cannot be the subject of any medical
opinion and must be left to the determination of the judge as the finder of
fact: Iskandar ([35] supra) at [80]; Ong Pang Siew ([35] supra) at [59]. In
arriving at a determination for the first and third limbs, the judge is
“entitled and indeed bound to consider not only the medical evidence but the
evidence upon the whole facts and circumstances of the case”: Walton v The
Queen [1978] AC 788 at 793 (per Lord Keith of Kinkel), quoted in Ong Pang Siew
at [59]. It also bears further emphasis that s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA ought to
be construed narrowly, given that Parliament’s intent is for this provision to
“operate in a measured and narrowly defined way” and avoid inadvertently
opening the backdoor for offenders to escape harsh punishment notwithstanding
their understanding of the consequences of their offences: see Rosman ([23]
supra) at [46].

Evaluating expert evidence

41 Given that this application also requires me to decide which party’s expert
evidence ought to be preferred, I turn next to set out the principles
pertaining to evaluating expert evidence.

42 When a court is presented with expert evidence, as a matter of general
practice, the following observations of V K Rajah JA in the Magistrate’s
Appeal decision of Sakthivel Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor [2007] 2 SLR(R)
983 (“Sakthivel”) (at [76]) are highly instructive:

What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert’s: Saeng-Un Udom v PP [2001] 2 SLR(R) 1.
Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand unquestioningly accept
unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular, the
objective facts. An expert’s opinion “should not fly in the face of proven
extrinsic facts relevant to the matter” per Yong Pung How CJ in Khoo James v
Gunapathy d/o Muniandy [2002] 2 SLR(R) 414 at [65]. In reality, substantially
the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as they would to
other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility, evidence of
partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the context of
established facts remain vital considerations; [the expert witness’s]
demeanour, however, more often than not recedes into the background as a
yardstick.

This passage was quoted with affirmation by the Court of Appeal in Poh Soon
Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace) [2010] 1 SLR 1129 at
[22].

43 Additionally, in respect of conflicting expert evidence in particular, the
following observations in Sakthivel from Rajah JA (at [75]) are pertinent:

Where there is conflicting evidence between experts it will not be the sheer
number of experts articulating a particular opinion or view that matters, but
rather the consistency and logic of the preferred evidence that is paramount.
Generally speaking, the court should also scrutinise the credentials and
relevant experience of the experts in their professed and acknowledged areas
of expertise. Not all experts are of equal authority and/or reliability. In so
far as medical evidence is concerned, an expert with greater relevant clinical
experience may often prove to be more credible and reliable on “hands-on”
issues although this is not an inevitable rule of thumb. Having said that,
there is no precise pecking order or hierarchy relating to expert evidence.
Experts may sometimes be abundantly eminent while lacking credibility in a
particular matter.

My decision

44 Having considered all the facts of the case, the expert evidence tendered
before me, as well as the parties’ respective submissions, I have come to the
conclusion that the applicant has not met any of the three elements prescribed
under s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. I thus dismiss this application for the
applicant to be re-sentenced to life imprisonment.

Whether the applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind

45 I commence with the analysis of the first limb of s 33B(3)(b). In my view,
the applicant was not suffering from an abnormality of mind.

46 The definition of what amounts to an “abnormality of mind” has been
accepted by the Court of Appeal to be the following passage explicated by Lord
Parker CJ in the English Court of Criminal Appeal decision of Regina v Byrne
[1960] 2 QB 396 (“Byrne”) (at 403):

‘Abnormality of mind,’ … means a state of mind so different from that of
ordinary human beings that the reasonable man would term it abnormal. It
appears to us to be wide enough to cover the mind’s activities in all its
aspects, not only the perception of physical acts and matters, and the ability
to form a rational judgment as to whether an act is right or wrong, but also
the ability to exercise the will power to control physical acts in accordance
with that rational judgment. The expression ‘mental responsibility for his
acts’ points to a consideration of the extent to which the accused’s mind is
answerable for his physical acts which must include a consideration of the
extent of his ability to exercise will power to control his physical acts.

[emphasis added]

(See Iskandar ([35] supra) at [81], Wang Zhijian ([35] supra) at [64] and Ong
Pang Siew ([35] supra) at [61].)

47 Two key principles may be extracted from the Byrne definition of
“abnormality of mind”. First, the court, in assessing whether the applicant
suffers from an “abnormality of mind”, must determine whether the evidence
shows an abnormally reduced mental capacity to: (1) understand events; (2)
judge the rightness or wrongness of one’s actions; or (3) exercise self-
control (Iskandar ([35] supra) at [82], citing Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para
27.12). Second, the first limb “requires the court to be satisfied not only of
the fact that the accused was suffering from a condition that a reasonable man
would consider abnormal, but further that the abnormality was of such a degree
as to impair the accused’s cognitive functions or self-control” [emphasis
added]: Took Leng How ([38] supra) at [47]. This means that it is necessary
for the applicant in this case to show that any alleged abnormality of mind
that he is suffering from is an abnormality to such an extent that his
cognitive functioning or self-control is impaired. In the words of the Chao
Hick Tin JA in Took Leng How (at [47]), this first limb under s 33B(3)(b) of
the MDA “should never be deemed satisfied unless the extent of the purported
abnormality is also established”.

48 It must also be emphasised that it is the applicant’s mental condition at
the time of the offence, and not at any other time, that is relevant when
assessing whether the applicant was suffering from an abnormality of mind:
Took Leng How ([38] supra) at [48]; see also Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para 27.17.

49 In the present case, Dr Ung diagnosed the applicant to be suffering from
the following conditions: (1) Severe Alcohol Use Disorder, (2) Severe ADHD
Combined Type and (3) Mild Intellectual Disability (see [18] above). Based on
the principles set out in the foregoing paragraphs, it is necessary for me to
determine whether the evidence in respect of each of the three alleged
conditions shows a mental capacity that is abnormally reduced to such an
extent that the applicant’s ability to understand events, judge the rightness
or wrongness of one’s actions, or exercise self-control can be said to have
been impaired at the time of the offence.

50 I will now address each condition in turn.

Alcohol use disorder

51 I begin with Dr Ung’s diagnosis of severe alcohol use disorder.

52 Dr Ung’s diagnosis of this condition was based on his administration of the
Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (“AUDIT”) when interviewing the
applicant on 19 July 2016 and his evaluation of the applicant using the
alcohol use disorder diagnostic criteria under the DSM-V. According to Dr Ung,
the applicant’s AUDIT score of 30 apparently corresponds to harmful use and
dependence on alcohol. Also, Dr Ung claims that the applicant’s alleged
pattern of harmful alcohol use corresponds to alcohol use disorder. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 27–28.

None of the expert reports adduced by the respondent agrees with Dr Ung’s
diagnosis of alcohol use disorder.

53 In my judgment, the applicant was not suffering from alcohol use disorder,
severe or otherwise. I find Dr Ung’s diagnosis to be unconvincing because it
is premised entirely upon the applicant’s own account of his drinking habits,
which is unreliable.

54 In Dr Ung’s Report, the applicant’s alcohol history was stated as follows:
35

##### Foot Note 35

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 14–15.

H. Mr Nagaenthran’s Drug and Alcohol History

14\. Mr Nagaenthran’s [sic] reports starting to consume alcohol at the age of
about 13 years. His drinking gradually escalated until he was drinking to the
point of being unable to remember events during the drinking bout. His routine
was to drink through the night until morning and to sleep till midday.

15\. He said that he was drinking a few times a week to every day prior to the
time of his arrest. His longest period of abstinence over the last few years
was for a few weeks because he was working. His dependence on alcohol was not
total in that he was able to reduce his amounts for short periods and even
stop drinking for short periods. He told me that when he stopped drinking
alcohol he would feel [an] intense craving to drink again, have tremulousness
and experienced [sic] a ‘disturbed’ mind and moodiness.

…

[emphasis added]

55 This differs significantly from the account provided by the applicant to Dr
Koh. In Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, it was stated that: 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, pp 1–2.

Mr Nagaenthran gave a history of excessive alcohol use at times. There had
been a period in the past when he would develop withdrawal tremors and
cravings when deprived of alcohol. However, he then cut down his usage.
Nonetheless, he said that he would sometimes drink till he was drunk and get
into quarrels and fights with his friends and girlfriend. …

[emphasis added]

Dr Koh further clarifies in his 2017 report that: 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 2.

[The account reflected in Dr Ung’s Report] was not the picture Mr Nagaenthran
had presented to me in 2013. At that time, he had told me that he “won’t drink
when working or about to work” and he said that alcohol generally did not get
him into trouble. He also told me that he drank around 2 times a week. He
reflected to me that he did not think that he was addicted to alcohol at the
time of the arrest.

[emphasis added]

56 Even more compellingly, the applicant’s account provided to Dr Ung also
differed markedly from his drinking history as presented at trial. When cross-
examined at trial, the applicant testified that his alcohol consumption was
dependent on whether or not he had spare cash; when he did not have the money
to purchase alcohol, he would not drink. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

ROP vol 2, Day 3, p 48:2–6; ROP vol 3, Day 5, p 62:15–21.

He also testified on re-examination that he had in fact stopped drinking since
his girlfriend moved in with him in March 2009 because he was unemployed at
that time and she did not like it when he drank. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

ROP vol 3, Day 6, p 5:8–10.

57 In my view, the very fact that all these differing accounts were presented
by the applicant at various junctures in the proceedings shows that the
applicant’s description of his alcohol history to Dr Ung is not reliable. Dr
Ung himself has admitted that the information on which his diagnosis of the
applicant’s alcohol use disorder is premised comes exclusively from the
applicant. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

NE 11/04/2017, p 9:1–7.

It thus follows that Dr Ung’s diagnosis of the applicant’s alcohol use
disorder must be treated as unreliable.

58 Moreover, my rejection of Dr Ung’s diagnosis finds additional support in
how the evidence shows that the applicant was very much in control of his
drinking habits at the time of the offence. The most accurate picture of the
applicant’s alcohol consumption is probably the version provided at trial,
given that the applicant had no reason to lie about his alcohol consumption at
trial as it was relevant to neither his guilt nor his sentence. On the
applicant’s own evidence, he was fiscally responsible in curbing his drinking
and had in fact stopped drinking for a significant period before the time of
the offence. The applicant thus clearly did not suffer from alcohol use
disorder at the time of the offence.

ADHD

59 I turn next to Dr Ung’s diagnosis of severe ADHD with combined
presentation.

60 It is useful for me to first set out the relevant portions of the DSM-V
diagnostic criteria for ADHD as follows: 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, pp 59–61.

Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder

Diagnostic Criteria

A. A persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that
interferes with functioning or development, as characterized by (1) and/or
(2):

1\. Inattention: Six (or more) of the following symptoms have persisted for at
least 6 months to a degree that is inconsistent with developmental level and
that negatively impacts directly on social and academic/occupational
activities:

…

2\. Hyperactivity and impulsivity: Six (or more) of the following symptoms
have persisted for at least 6 months to a degree that is inconsistent with
developmental level and that negatively impacts directly on social and
academic/occupational activities:

…

314.01 (F90.2) Combined presentation: If both Criterion A1 (inattention) and
Criterion A2 (hyperactivity-impulsivity) are met for the past 6 months.

314.00 (F90.0) Predominantly inattentive presentation: If Criterion A1
(inattention) is met but Criterion A2 (hyperactivity-impulsivity) is not met
for the past 6 months.

314.01 (F90.1) Predominantly hyperactive/impulsive presentation: If Criterion
A2 (hyperactivity-impulsivity) is met and Criterion A1 (inattention) is not
met for the past 6 months.

…

Mild: Few, if any, symptoms in excess of those required to make the diagnosis
are present, and symptoms result in no more than minor impairments in social
or occupational functioning.

Moderate: Symptoms or functional impairment between “mild” and “severe” are
present.

Severe: Many symptoms in excess of those required to make the diagnosis, or
several symptoms that are particularly severe, are present, or the symptoms
result in marked impairment in social or occupational functioning.

[emphasis in original]

61 Dr Ung’s diagnosis of the applicant’s ADHD condition is based on his
interview with the applicant and the results of the ASRS (see [21] above)
administered on the applicant. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 23–26.

The ASRS is a self-report screening scale of adult ADHD which “includes 18
questions about frequency of recent DSM-IV Criterion A symptoms of adult
ADHD”. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, pp 46–47.

According to Dr Ung, the symptoms reported by the applicant in his interview
together with his responses in the ASRS are consistent with the clinical
diagnosis of ADHD with combined presentation based on the DSM-V criteria (ie,
diagnosis of a persistent pattern of both inattention and hyperactivity-
impulsivity that interferes with one’s functioning or development). 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 26.

62 In contrast, Dr Yap’s Report states that the applicant suffers from ADHD of
the inattentive subtype, with no features of hyperactivity or impulsivity. 45

##### Foot Note 45

×

Dr Yap’s Report, pp 5–6.

Dr Yap’s methodology and diagnosis are described in Dr Koh’s 2017 Report in
the following manner: 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 2.

Dr Patricia Yap conducted several tests on Mr Nagaenthran to determine if he
indeed had ADHD. The [CAARS] was administered to Mr Nagaenthran and to his
sister … This instrument has 3 subscales that assess ADHD symptoms: an
Inattention subscale, a Hyperactivity-Impulsivity subscale and a Total ADHD
Symptoms Subscale. Mr Nagaenthran rated himself as Very Much Above Average on
all three subscales. His sister rated him as Very Much Above Average on the
inattentiveness subscale, Slightly Above Average on the Hyperactivity-
Impulsivity subscale and Much Above Average on the total ADHD symptoms
subscale.

On a computerised and therefore more objective test, the [CPT3], Mr
Nagaenthran demonstrated problems with Inattentiveness and Sustained
Attention. There were, however, no problems of Impulsivity detected.

[emphasis in original]

63 In Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, Dr Koh concurs with Dr Yap’s diagnosis. Dr Koh
stated in his 2017 report as follows: 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 2.

… it is worth pointing out that both Dr Ung and I did not find Mr Nagaenthran
to be overtly inattentive, hyperactive or impulsive during our lengthy
interviews with him …

In conclusion, my opinion as to whether Mr Nagaenthran has ADHD or not would
be in line with Dr Yap’s – that he has features of inattentiveness but does
not have features of hyperactivity or impulsiveness. Further, I would assess
his condition to be mild at most.

However, Dr Koh insisted when cross-examined that the applicant was not
suffering from ADHD, given that Dr Yap had only diagnosed the applicant to be
suffering from a “moderate likelihood of a disorder”. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

NE 11/04/2017, pp 94:27–95:5.

64 In my judgment, the opinion provided in Dr Koh’s 2017 Report – that the
applicant suffers from ADHD of the inattentive subtype – paints the most
accurate picture of the applicant’s ADHD condition. I do not accept Dr Ung’s
evidence that the applicant suffers from ADHD with combined presentation. I am
unconvinced that the ASRS is a reliable assessment tool to determine if the
applicant has ADHD and, if so, of what type. As Dr Koh has rightly pointed out
in his 2017 Report, the ASRS is a “self-rating [scale] and comes with the
attendant possibility of bias in the light of secondary gain”. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 1.

Furthermore, Dr Ung may have overreached in his administration of the ASRS by
asking the applicant questions about his childhood and school life, even
though the ASRS questions are meant to elicit how the applicant felt and
conducted himself over the previous six months. 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 25 and p 47.

This meant that Dr Ung was effectively partially relying upon the applicant’s
behaviour in his childhood to provide an indicator for whether he had adult
ADHD in the past six months. Finally, it also bears mentioning that Dr Ung
himself has conceded that he did not interview any other subjects, like the
applicant’s sister, in order to obtain a corroborative account of the
information obtained from the applicant. 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

NE 11/04/2017, p 11:9–17.

65 Dr Koh’s diagnosis provided in his 2017 report is more reliable. It is
based on his interview conducted with the applicant, his sister and his prison
officer for the purposes of his 2013 report, and his perusal of Dr Yap’s
opinion of the applicant’s ADHD condition in her report, which is itself based
on the several tests administered by Dr Yap on the applicant (see [62] above).
Dr Koh’s opinion is thus formed on the basis of: (1) Dr Koh’s clinical
assessment of the applicant as well as Dr Yap’s psychological testing results,
and (2) corroborative information obtained from Dr Koh’s interviews with the
applicant’s sister and the prison officer in charge of his housing unit.
Although Dr Koh insisted, when cross-examined, that the applicant only had a
moderate likelihood of a disorder characterised by attention deficits – and
not an actual disorder – he subsequently conceded that this could be taken to
indicate that on the balance of probabilities, the applicant was suffering
from such a disorder. 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

NE 11/04/2017, pp 94:27–95:17.

66 However, to my mind, a mere finding that the applicant suffers from ADHD of
the inattentive subtype is insufficient for me to conclude that the applicant
suffers from an “abnormality of mind” for the purposes of s 33B(3)(b). It was
earlier mentioned that Dr Koh has diagnosed the applicant’s ADHD condition to
be only of the inattentive subtype and only “mild at most” (see [63] above).
Although Dr Ung opines that the applicant labours under a “severe” ADHD
condition with combined presentation, I have already dismissed his diagnosis
as unreliable for the reasons stated above (see [64] above). As stated under
the DSM-V diagnostic criteria for ADHD, a diagnosis of ADHD of “mild” severity
entails “no more than minor impairments in social or occupational functioning”
(see [60] above). In addition, the DSM-V diagnostic features for ADHD state
that ADHD of the inattentive subtype merely involves “wandering off task,
lacking persistence, having difficulty sustaining focus, and being
disorganized and is not due to defiance or lack of comprehension”. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, p 61.

One would struggle to associate these behaviours with a limited ability to
understand events, judge the rightness or wrongness of one’s actions, or
exercise self-control. Therefore, I am of the view that, based on Dr Koh’s
diagnosis of mild ADHD of the inattentive subtype, it has not been proved on a
balance of probabilities that the applicant’s ADHD condition was an
abnormality of such a degree as to impair the applicant’s mental capacity to
understand events, judge the rightness or wrongness of one’s actions, or
exercise self-control.

Intellectual disability

67 Finally, I deal with Dr Ung’s diagnosis of mild intellectual disability.

68 It is once again useful for me to first set out the DSM-V diagnostic
criteria for intellectual disability as follows: 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, p 55.

Intellectual Disability (Intellectual Developmental Disorder)

Diagnostic Criteria

Intellectual disability (intellectual development disorder) is a disorder with
onset during the developmental period that includes both intellectual and
adaptive functioning deficits in conceptual, social, and practical domains.
The following three criteria must be met:

A. Deficits in intellectual functions, such as reasoning, problem solving,
planning, abstract thinking, judgment, academic learning, and learning from
experience, confirmed by both clinical assessment and individualized,
standardized intelligence testing.

B. Deficits in adaptive functioning that result in failure to meet
developmental and sociocultural standards for personal independence and social
responsibility. Without ongoing support, the adaptive deficits limit
functioning in one or more activities of daily life, such as communication,
social participation, and independent living, across multiple environments,
such as home, school, work, and community.

C. Onset of intellectual and adaptive deficits during the developmental
period.

[emphasis added]

I set out also the diagnostic features for the three DSM-V diagnostic criteria
for intellectual disability as follows: 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, pp 57–58.

Criterion A refers to intellectual functions that involve reasoning, problem
solving, planning, abstract thinking, judgment, learning from instruction and
experience, and practical understanding. Critical components include verbal
comprehension, working memory, perceptual reasoning, quantitative reasoning,
abstract thought, and cognitive efficacy. Intellectual functioning is
typically measured with individually administered and psychometrically valid,
comprehensive, culturally appropriate, psychometrically sound tests of
intelligence …

…

IQ test scores are approximations of conceptual functioning but may be
insufficient to assess reasoning in real-life situations and mastery of
practical tasks. … Thus, clinical judgment is needed in interpreting the
results of IQ tests.

Deficits in adaptive functioning (Criterion B) refer to how well a person
meets community standards of personal independence and social responsibility,
in comparison to others of similar age and sociocultural background. Adaptive
functioning involves adaptive reasoning in three domains: conceptual, social
and practical. The conceptual (academic) domain involves competence in memory,
language, reading, writing, math reasoning, acquisition of practical
knowledge, problem solving, and judgment in novel situations, among others.
The social domain involves awareness of others’ thoughts, feelings, and
experiences; empathy; interpersonal communication skills; friendship
abilities; and social judgment, among others. The practical domain involves
learning and self-management across life settings, including personal care,
job responsibilities, money management, recreation, self-management of
behaviour, and school and work task organization, among others. Intellectual
capacity, education, motivation, socialization, personality features,
vocational opportunity, cultural experience, and coexisting general medical
conditions or mental disorders influence adaptive functioning.

Adaptive functioning is assessed using both clinical evaluation and
individualized, culturally appropriate, psychometrically sound measures. …

Criterion B is met when at least one domain of adaptive functioning –
conceptual, social, or practical – is sufficiently impaired that ongoing
support is needed in order for the person to perform adequately in one or more
life settings at school, at work, at home, or in the community. To meet
diagnostic criteria for intellectual disability, the deficits in adaptive
functioning must be directly related to the intellectual impairments described
in Criterion A. Criterion C, onset during the developmental period, refers to
recognition that intellectual and adaptive deficits are present during
childhood or adolescence.

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

69 Dr Ung’s diagnosis of the applicant’s mild intellectual disability is based
on his assessment that the applicant fulfils all three DSM-V diagnostic
criteria for intellectual disability. In Dr Ung’s Report, he concludes that
the applicant fulfils criteria A and C without further elaboration. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 31.

He also claims that the applicant fulfils criterion B for the following
reasons: 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 33.

Mr Nagaenthran manifests poor functioning in his conceptual and to a lesser
degree his practical and social domain. His inadequate performance at a
practical level is manifest by his inability to last in any one job for more
than 3 months (even shorter durations in non-security jobs). With respect to
his social domain, he has difficulty regulating emotion and behaviour in age-
appropriate fashion as well as gullibility manifest by his acting as a
guarantor for his friend and acting as a courier leading to his current
offence …

70 Conversely, Dr Koh, Ms Seah and Dr Yap all opine in their respective expert
reports that the applicant is not intellectually disabled, and merely suffers
from borderline intellectual functioning (see [14], [16], [20]–[21] above).

71 In my judgment, the applicant only suffered from borderline intellectual
functioning, and did not suffer from mild intellectual disability. First, Dr
Ung’s conclusion that criterion A is clearly satisfied is questionable. It is
true that Ms Seah’s Report states that the applicant obtained an FSIQ score of
merely 69 following the administration of the WAIS-IV, which placed him within
the high end of the Extremely Low range. However, as rightly observed in the
DSM-V diagnostic features for intellectual disability (see [68] above), “IQ
test scores are approximations of conceptual functioning but may be
insufficient to assess reasoning in real-life situations and mastery of
practical tasks”. Indeed, Ms Seah goes on to observe in her report that the
applicant’s FSIQ confidence interval from 66 to 74 indicates with 95%
certainty that the applicant was in fact operating between the Extremely Low
to Borderline range of functioning. This is more consistent with the
applicant’s performance on the VCI, PRI and PSI, all of which place the
applicant within the Borderline range of functioning. This was then
subsequently confirmed by Dr Yap in her report, where she concluded after
administering numerous tests, including the WAIS-IV, that the applicant was
not intellectually disabled. In particular, the applicant scored within the
Borderline range for both the PRI and WMI. Also, while the tests showed that
many of the applicant’s executive functioning skills were impaired, Dr Yap
emphasised that the applicant was able to plan and organise on simpler items,
which I take to be an indication that he is not intellectually disabled.

72 Second, Dr Ung’s conclusion that criterion B is satisfied is also dubious.
In this regard, I agree with the respondent’s submission that Dr Ung’s basis
for finding that the applicant fulfils criterion B does not withstand
scrutiny. The bare fact that the applicant has not been able to last in any
one job for more than three months does not appear to be sufficient to show a
supposed deficiency in the applicant’s practical domain of adaptive
functioning. There may be other reasons why the applicant left those jobs: the
applicant previously revealed inMs Seah’s interview that he “typically left
his previous jobs after a few months as they either did not pay well or … he
did not like some of the jobs”. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

Ms Seah’s Report, p 2.

The applicant used to hold low-paying jobs, which included working as a
security officer, a car wash worker and a welder. It was thus not entirely
unexpected that the applicant would switch jobs frequently in search of higher
pay. In fact, given that the applicant clearly demonstrated an ability to seek
and obtain employment both in Malaysia and Singapore and travel between both
countries on his own, I find that the applicant was relatively adept at living
independently. He thus should not be considered to be deficient in the
practical domain of adaptive functioning.

73 As for the applicant’s apparent gullibility as evinced in his acting as a
guarantor for his friend (see [69] above), I disagree that this in itself
shows that the applicant is deficient in the social domain of adaptive
functioning. There are many reasons why someone would be willing to act as a
guarantor for a friend. This fact relied on by Dr Ung is thus neither here nor
there. Even if gullibility could somehow be equated with deficiency in the
social domain of adaptive functioning, it is highly questionable whether the
applicant was indeed truly gullible. The applicant is no babe in the woods:
his actions adopted in respect of the drug importation itself reveal that he
is capable of manipulation and evasion. In order to obtain a ride into
Singapore, the applicant first lied to Kumarsen that he wanted to enter
Singapore to collect money. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

ROP vol 2, Day 3, pp 21:31–22:1.

When the applicant was stopped at the checkpoint, he attempted to forestall a
search by telling the CNB officers that he was “working in security”, and
asked them why they were checking him. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

ROP vol 1, Day 1, p 41:20–21.

The applicant clearly demonstrated his capacity to appeal to the colour of his
office in order to take advantage of the social perception of the
trustworthiness of security officers. Therefore, it cannot be said that the
applicant is deficient in the social domain of adaptive functioning.

74 Third, Dr Ung’s finding that the applicant fulfils criterion C is also
questionable. Although it is unclear how Dr Ung determined that criterion C
was met, it can be inferred from Dr Ung’s interview notes with the applicant
that Dr Ung assessed that the applicant suffered from developmental delays due
to the applicant’s suggestion that he did not even pass his secondary school
examinations. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, p 39.

In my view, Dr Ung’s conclusion must be rejected given the unreliability of
the applicant’s own account of his education qualifications. At trial, the
applicant testified that he passed his Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (“SPM”, which
is the Malaysian equivalent of the GCE ‘O’ Levels). 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

ROP vol 2, Day 3, p 3:12–18.

However, when he was interviewed for Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, he claimed that he
had passed his Ujian Penilaian Sekolah Rendah (“UPSR”, which is the Malaysian
equivalent of the Primary School Leaving Examinations), but failed his SPM. 63

##### Foot Note 63

×

Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, p 1.

Subsequently, when he was interviewed by Ms Seah and Dr Yap, he claimed that
he did not even manage to pass his USPR. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

Ms Seah’s Report, p 2; Dr Yap’s Report, p 2.

This showed that the applicant was continuously altering his account of his
education qualifications, ostensibly to reflect lower educational
qualifications each time he was interviewed. His account to Dr Ung must thus
be treated as unreliable.

75 I note that Dr Ung uses equivocal language in his own report when dealing
with the applicant’s intellectual disability. At various points in his report,
Dr Ung hedges his position by stating that the applicant has either mild
intellectual disability or borderline intellectual functioning, 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 40, 49 and 52.

even though he makes clear that they are separate conditions. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, paras 49; NE 11/04/2017, pp 11:18–12:3.

More tellingly, Dr Ung even agreed, during cross-examination, with Dr Yap’s
opinion that the applicant is not intellectually disabled. 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

NE 11/04/2017, pp 55:18–23.

I thus conclude that the applicant was not suffering from mild intellectual
disability, and was merely suffering from borderline intellectual functioning.

76 A diagnosis of borderline intellectual functioning, in turn, is not enough
to discharge the applicant’s burden of proving on a balance of probabilities
that the applicant’s condition was an abnormality of such a degree as to
impair the applicant’s mental capacity to understand events, judge the
rightness or wrongness of one’s actions, or exercise self-control. Dr Ung
himself has expressly acknowledged in his report that “[u]nlike Mild
Intellectual Disability, Borderline Intellectual Functioning is not considered
a ‘disorder’ in DSM-V”. 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 49.

Not being classified as a “disorder” in DSM-V does not ipso facto preclude a
condition from being considered an abnormality of mind. Having said that, this
is nevertheless a telling indication that the condition of borderline
intellectual functioning should not be considered an abnormality that is
severe enough to be considered an “abnormality of mind” for the purposes of s
33B(3)(b) of the MDA.

Conclusion

77 Following from my analysis above, I find that the applicant was not
suffering from an abnormality of mind at the time of the offence. The
applicant did not suffer from any alcohol use disorder, severe or otherwise.
Also, the applicant’s mild ADHD condition of the inattentive subtype as well
as his borderline intellectual functioning are both conditions that are not of
such a degree as to impair the applicant’s mental capacity to understand
events, judge the rightness or wrongness of one’s actions, or exercise self-
control.

78 At this juncture, I note that the applicant relies heavily on the decision
of Jeffery Phua, where Choo Han Teck J held that the applicant fell within the
ambit of s 33B(3)(b) because his abnormality of mind had an influence on his
ability to resist his act of importation (at [16]), and because he was
probably incapable of resisting any internal rationality that might have
dissuaded him from committing the offence (at [17]). In my view, Jeffery Phua
does not assist the applicant here. It is trite that each case must turn on
its own facts. The two psychiatric experts in Jeffery Phua had agreed that the
applicant was suffering from Persistent Depressive Disorder and Ketamine
Dependence, and Choo J accepted that both conditions amounted to an
abnormality of mind (at [2]). As already canvassed above, the same cannot be
said for the applicant in the present re-sentencing application.

79 In the light of this conclusion, the applicant’s bid to be re-sentenced to
life imprisonment fails at the very first hurdle. It is thus technically
unnecessary for me to decide whether the other two limbs of s 33B(3)(b) of the
MDA are satisfied. Having said that, out of an abundance of caution, I will
nevertheless proceed to briefly consider them.

Aetiology of the abnormality of mind

80 I now turn to address the second limb of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. In my
view, the applicant has also failed to satisfy this limb of the provision.

81 For this part of the analysis, the court has to determine, with the help of
the expert evidence adduced, whether the applicant’s abnormality of mind arose
from or was induced by one of the prescribed causes listed in the second limb.
It has been recognised that the wording of the prescribed causes in the second
limb “appear[s] wide enough to include most recognised medical conditions”;
having said that, the onus still remains squarely on the applicant to identify
which of the prescribed causes is applicable to his case: see Iskandar ([35]
supra) at [89].

82 In my judgment, even assuming that the applicant was indeed suffering from
all of the three abnormalities of mind as diagnosed by Dr Ung, the applicant
has not been able to identify which of the prescribed causes is applicable to
his case. The Court of Appeal has recently issued a salutary reminder in
Iskandar for expert witnesses testifying in such matters to, “on top of
diagnosing whether the accused person was suffering from a recognised mental
condition, identify which prescribed cause, if any, in their opinion gave rise
to the accused’s abnormality of mind” (at [89]). Yet, this is precisely what
Dr Ung has failed to do in his expert report. It bears mentioning that this is
a significant lacuna in Dr Ung’s Report, given the fact that identifying the
aetiology of the abnormality has been recognised to be a matter largely within
the purview of expert opinion (see [40] above).

83 Mr Thuraisingam tries to make some arguments in favour of showing that the
second limb has been satisfied. He first asserts that “it is clear that the
[applicant’s] abnormality of mind was induced by disease or injury, namely,
the [applicant’s] ADHD”. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

Applicant’s Submissions, para 45.

I reject this argument. For it to make sense, the applicant must show that the
applicant’s ADHD condition, which is in itself one of the applicant’s
abnormalities of mind, induced the onset of either of the applicant’s other
two abnormalities of mind, viz, his mild intellectual disability or severe
alcohol use disorder, such that the ADHD condition is now the “disease or
injury”. The applicant has not shown any evidence of such linkages amongst the
different abnormalities of mind diagnosed by Dr Ung; this argument is simply a
bare assertion. Mr Thuraisingam next contends that the applicant’s mild
intellectual disability arose from inherent causes – the cognitive deficits
may have been present in the applicant congenitally, or may have arisen from
heavy alcohol use. While that may all very well be the case, the fact remains
that Dr Ung has failed to offer his opinion regarding these potential inherent
causes. The result, as Dr Koh has rightly pointed out in his 2017 report, is
that “[t]he origin of these mild cognitive deficits in Mr Nagaenthran is
speculative”. 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

Dr Koh’s 2017 Report, p 3.

In my view, mere speculation ought not to suffice when deciding whether this
limb has been satisfied.

84 The burden remains on the applicant to establish each limb of s 33B(3)(b)
of the MDA on the balance of probabilities. I find that the applicant has
failed to discharge this burden in respect of the second limb.

Whether there was substantial impairment of the applicant’s mental
responsibility

85 Finally, I consider the third limb of s 33B(3)(b) of the MDA. In my view,
the applicant has also failed to show that there was a substantial impairment
of his mental responsibility for the offence.

86 It is trite that “substantial impairment” requires neither total nor
minimal impairment; what amounts to a substantial impairment of mental
responsibility falls somewhere in between, and is a matter for the finder of
fact to decide on in a commonsensical way: Ong Pang Siew ([35] supra) at [64];
Public Prosecutor v Juminem and another [2005] 4 SLR(R) 536 at [30], quoting
Regina v Lloyd [1967] 1 QB 175 at 178; see also Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para
27.34. More instructively, this requirement does not require the abnormality
of mind to be the cause that led to the applicant’s offending act; it merely
requires the abnormality of mind to have had an influence on the applicant’s
ability to resist any “internal rationality” that might have dissuaded him
from committing the offence in question: Jeffery Phua ([35] supra) at
[16]–[17].

87 In the present re-sentencing application, I am of the view that even if I
take the applicant’s case at its absolute highest – that the applicant is
suffering from one of the three abnormalities of mind diagnosed by Dr Ung, and
that they all arose from or were induced by one of the prescribed causes
listed in the second limb – the applicant would still be unable to satisfy the
third limb. The applicant would be unable to show that any of the diagnosed
abnormalities of mind has substantially impaired his mental responsibility for
his offence as there is no factual basis on which to make any such finding of
substantial impairment.

88 The applicant has, at various points in time from his arrest till now,
furnished vastly distinct accounts of why he had committed the offence:

(a) When the applicant was first arrested, he admitted in his contemporaneous
statement that he knew that the Bundle contained heroin which he was
delivering for King. He also stated that he had to deliver the heroin as he
owed King money and was promised another RM500 after delivery. There was no
mention of any threat made by King towards the applicant’s girlfriend if he
had refused to make the delivery (see [9] above).

(b) During trial, the applicant denied knowledge of the contents of the
Bundle, insisting that he was told that it contained “company products”. The
applicant then claimed that he had made the delivery under duress – King had
assaulted him and threatened to kill his girlfriend unless he made the
delivery (see [9] above). The applicant repeated this account to Dr Koh when
he was examined in on 14 and 21 March 2013. 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

Dr Koh’s 2013 Report, p 2.

(c) When the applicant was examined by Dr Ung on 19 April and 19 July 2016, he
claimed that he had lied to Dr Koh. He had agreed to deliver the heroin for
King because he was desperate for money, having owed a loanshark money. 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 10.

He was also motivated to obey King by a mixture of loyalty, awe, fear and
gratitude. While he claimed that King possessed a gun, he omitted any mention
of any threat to his girlfriend. 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

Ung’s Affidavit, exh UEK-1, para 11.

(d) When the applicant was examined by Dr Yap in the period from November 2016
to January 2017, he claimed that he belonged to a gang and had volunteered to
deliver the Bundle on behalf of a fellow gang member who was reluctant to do
so. He explained that he did so out of his loyalty to the gang and his
gratitude to his gang leader, who had provided him with emotional and
financial support. He emphasised that he was not coerced into performing the
delivery. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

Dr Yap’s Report, p 3.

89 It is immediately evident that these distinct accounts of the applicant’s
motivations for committing the offence are all utterly irreconcilable. Indeed,
Dr Ung agrees, conceding when cross-examined that he could not know for sure
whether or not the applicant was telling him the truth when he was
interviewing the applicant, and that the applicant “gives different stories to
… different people … at different times”. 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

NE 11/04/2017, p 19:18–32.

90 It is thus nigh impossible for me to conclude in the present application
that the applicant’s mental responsibility was indeed substantially impaired
at the time of the offence. In the first place, I do not accept the
applicant’s suggestion that his mental responsibility was substantially
impaired because his condition made him more susceptible to over-estimating
the threat from King. At trial, I had already rejected the applicant’s claim
that he was coerced by King to make the delivery. My finding was subsequently
upheld on appeal. Hence, there was simply no threat for the applicant to be
more susceptible to.

91 Next, the applicant’s alternative suggestion – that his mental
responsibility was substantially impaired because his condition contributed to
his misguided loyalty to his gang – must also be rejected. I do not believe
that the applicant’s accounts to Dr Ung and Dr Yap are credible accounts of
events. I am unable to accept, on a balance of probabilities, that the
applicant had indeed transported the Bundle out of misguided gang loyalty.
This was not the version of facts that was elicited at trial; this account
only emerged in late 2016, more than seven years after the commission of the
offence. I thus reject this account of events as a bare afterthought.

92 Having rejected both accounts based on coercion by King and misguided gang
loyalty, we are accordingly left with the account provided at the point of
arrest, which is that the applicant delivered the Bundle, which he knew
contained heroin, simply because he needed money. Taking this account to once
again be the most believable account of events (having been previously
accepted at trial as the true state of affairs as well), I agree with the
respondent’s submission that this account shows that the applicant’s mental
responsibility could not have been substantially impaired. The applicant
clearly understood the nature of what he was doing and did not lose his sense
of judgment of the rightness or wrongness of what he was doing. He also did
not appear to lose his self-control, given that he had ample time to consider
his actions and took multiple deliberate steps to execute the importation of
the Bundle. These steps included taking precautions to conceal the drugs by
wearing larger trousers, tricking Kumarsen into giving him a ride into
Singapore, and attempting to manipulate the CNB officers into not searching
him (see [73] above).

93 On the whole, I find that there is no basis to draw an inference that the
applicant’s mental responsibility was substantially impaired in the commission
of his offence, even if he is regarded to have been labouring under an
abnormality of mind.

Conclusion

94 For all of the reasons set out above, I dismiss this re-sentencing
application. Even though the applicant was a mere courier within the meaning
of s 33B(3)(a) of the MDA, I find that he has not satisfied the requirements
under s 33B(3)(b). He has not shown that he “was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions”
in relation to his offence. The applicant thus cannot avail himself of the
benefit of being re-sentenced to life imprisonment pursuant to s 33B(1)(b).

Chan Seng Onn  
Judge

Eugene Singarajah Thuraisingam (Eugene Thuraisingam LLP) for the applicant;  
Lau Wing Yum and Tan Wee Hao (Attorney-General’s Chambers) for the respondent.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

