Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 51

Suit No 829 of 2016

Between  

(1) Yeo Chock Min

(2) Tiang Weileen

…Plaintiffs

And

(1) Goh Ann Chuan

(2) Angeline Lim Cheng Cheng

…Defendants

judgment

[Contract] — [Misrepresentation Act]

[Contract] — [Contractual terms] — [Express terms]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Yeo Chock Min and another

  
v

  

Goh Ann Chuan and another

[2017] SGHC 51

High Court — Suit 829 of 2016  
Choo Han Teck J  
22 February, 14 March 2017

14 March 2017

Choo Han Teck J:

1 Yeo Chock Min (“Mr Yeo”) and Tiang Weileen (“Ms Tiang”) (“the purchasers”)
are a couple who run a business in the tourism industry. They had been looking
for a new home since 2013. In early 2015, Agnes Ng, their estate agent, told
them that she had seen an advertisement offering a corner terrace house for
sale. The land area of the house was described as “2,775 sqft / 258 sqm” and
the vendors, Goh Ann Chuan (“Mr Goh”) and his wife, Angeline Lim Cheng Cheng
(“Ms Angeline Lim”) (“the vendors”), priced it at $2,800,000.

2 Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang visited that house, known as 34 Waringin Park (“the
property”), on 19 March 2015, and again in April and May 2015 and were shown
the house from the entrance to the back of the house, ie, to the back boundary
wall. On 2 July 2015 they instructed their solicitors to exercise the option
to purchase. Completion took place on 10 September 2015. Shortly after this,
Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang visited the house again and were told by Ms Angeline Lim
on that occasion that they could also build over the drain as one of the
neighbours had done. Mr Yeo and his wife “did not think much about [Ms
Angeline Lim’s] comment” at that time. The vendors moved out of the house on
about 10 November 2015, having stayed there rent-free with Mr Yeo and Ms
Tiang’s consent after completion of the sale.

3 Mr Yeo then engaged JDB Design & Build Pte Ltd to renovate the house. The
contractors engaged a surveyor who drew a topographical survey plan from which
Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang discovered for the first time that the total land size of
the property they purchased, which was 2,775 sqft, included a drain outside
the back boundary wall. The area of this drain was approximately 272 sqft.
They then instructed their solicitors to sue the vendors. In their Statement
of Claim, they sought $265,021 in damages, comprising the price difference
(calculated based on what the purchasers had paid on a per square foot basis
for the original purchase, ie, $1,009 per square foot) between 2,775 sqft and
2,503 sqft of land (amounting to $274,448) and the difference in stamp duty
payable ($8,233), with a “goodwill discount” of $17,660. In their closing
submissions, they invite the court to adopt a “pragmatic approach” of awarding
damages based on the price difference if had they bought 2,503 sqft worth of
property at the rate of $1,009 per square foot, as opposed to 2,775 sqft.

4 Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang rely on two main causes of action. The first is
misrepresentation under the Misrepresentation Act (Cap 390, 1994 Rev Ed) and
at common law and the second is breach of contract. Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang
testified in court that they bought the house because they wanted a house that
was between 2,700 and 3,000 sqft and believed that the house they viewed was
2,775 sqft as advertised. Their solicitors pleaded in the Statement of Claim
that “In reliance of the [d]efendants’ [Mr Goh and Ms Lim’s] and/or their
agent’s representation on the land area, and not otherwise, the sale and
purchase of the [p]roperty (at S$2,800,000.00) was completed by the Plaintiffs
on or about 10 September 2015.” The solicitors further pleaded that it was
only after Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang had purchased the property that they
“discovered that the property does not have a square land area of 2,775 sqft
but only has land area of 2,503 sqft; 272 sqft of which being occupied by a
drain outside the back boundary wall, of the property, on or over which the
Plaintiffs cannot build because the National Environment Agency of Singapore
require access to the same.”

5 Counsel for the vendors submitted that there is no evidence that the drain
area is even part of the property size of 2,775 sqft. The purchasers tendered
a survey plan of Mukim No. 28, Ulu Bedok, prepared by the Chief Surveyor in
2002, to the court. This plan was obtained from the Singapore Land Authority
after the transaction had been completed. This survey plan shows that the area
of the property is 257.8 square metres (ie, 2,775 sqft) and that this area
includes a drain behind a back wall. This is the plan that is referred to in
certificate of title of 34 Waringin Park. The vendors submit that the plan
cannot be admissible as it was not proven by the purchasers to be accurate
under s 85(2) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1999 Rev Ed) (“Evidence Act”). This
argument ignores s 38 of the Evidence Act, which provides that statement of
facts made in plans made under the authority of Government as to matters
usually represented in such plans are themselves relevant facts, and s 85(1)
of the Evidence Act, which presumes the accuracy of such plans. From the
survey plan, it is clear that the drain is part of the property, but that is
far from establishing a case for the purchasers.

6 The purchasers have not proven that the vendors or their agent Ms Katherine
Lim had expressly represented that the property within the back boundary wall
was 2,775 sqft or that the drain was not part of the stated size of 2,775 sqft
of land. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief Mr Yeo stated that he was
informed that the size of the property was “as advertised”, and “on each visit
to the property, [Ms Katherine Lim] and [Ms Angeline Lim] showed us around the
[p]roperty but only until the back kitchen boundary wall. Nothing was ever
mentioned, either by [Ms Katherine Lim] or [Ms Angeline Lim], about the
existence of a drain at the rear side of the [p]roperty. In addition, neither
[Ms Katherine Lim] nor [Ms Angeline Lim] showed us the drain at the rear side
of the [p]roperty or informed us that the land area of the [p]roperty included
the said drain”. Ms Angeline Lim testified that she could not recall being
asked by Mr Yeo or Ms Tiang about the land size, but that she would have told
purchasers that “the land size would be based on the title searches”.

7 For the purchasers’ claim to succeed on misrepresentation, they must prove
that the vendors or their agents represented to them that the property of
2,775 sqft being sold by them did not include the drain area. The purchasers
submit that this was done both by words (the advertisement) and conduct
(showing them around the house without pointing out the drain). It is not
disputed that the size of the property, as evident from the land title
searches, is indeed 2,775 sqft. Thus it is insufficient merely to say that the
advertisement stated that the property was 2,775 sqft, because this is not a
representation as to what the area does or does not include.

8 It is also insufficient to state that just because the drain had not been
specifically pointed out to the purchasers during their viewings, the vendors
(or their agent) had thereby represented by their conduct that the drain did
not constitute part of the property. The solicitors for the purchasers spent
the majority of their cross-examination attempting to establish that the
vendors were aware that the drain was part of their property. Even assuming
that the vendors were aware of that, there is no evidence that they knew that
the purchasers were labouring under the mistaken size of the property. The
purchasers have not proven a wilful suppression of material facts beyond mere
silence. Thus, without any false representation of fact by the vendors, the
misrepresentation claim must fail.

9 I come now to what exactly the terms in the option to purchase provide.
First, there is nothing in the option to purchase that expressly indicates
that the property does not include the drain area. The option to purchase had
additional terms of sale hand-scrawled on it, permitting the vendors to stay
past completion, but nothing was added to state or qualify the size of the
property at 2,775 sqft. The purchasers then argue that a term as to “land
area” should be implied. They do not make clear what such a term as to “land
area” would be and what this would achieve. Even if I find that there is an
implied term that the property has a land area of 2,775 sqft, this again does
not account for whether or not the drain area is part of this 2,775 sqft. The
purchasers have not proven that an implied term that the property area of
2,775 sqft only extended up to the back boundary wall and excluded the drain
area would satisfy the high threshold for the implication of terms.

10 Furthermore, cl 11 of the option to purchase expressly stipulated that “the
property is sold subject to satisfactory replies to the usual [p]urchaser’s
solicitors requisitions”. There is also a term that any “drainage lines
reserves or proposals shall be considered unsatisfactory if such lines
reserves or proposals affect the building line of the property”. The
solicitors who completed the conveyance of the property were not called to
testify, and we can assume that all the requisitions had been properly made,
and the results properly brought to the clients’ attention and explained to
them. The purchasers have not claimed that the replies were unsatisfactory
within the meaning of this clause.

11 The official land registry record would have shown that the land size of
the property is described to be 2,775 sqft. It would also have shown that
there is a drain at the back of the land but within the 2,775 sqft boundary.
The vendors only advertised a 2,775 sqft property for sale, and when the sale
was completed, they conveyed the full 2,775 sqft property to the purchasers.

12 Further, a reply to a requisition from the Public Utilities Board (“PUB”)
by his conveyancing solicitors was produced by Mr Yeo in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. This reply is dated 28 July 2015 (after the exercise of the
option but before completion), and states that although “there is no Drainage
Reserve within the site”, “surface runoff from the site and all neighbouring
lots shall continue to be allowed to discharge through the common drain within
the site. The boundary fence setback for maintenance of the common drain shall
not be altered unless specific written permission is obtained from PUB
Catchment and Waterways Department”. This reply makes it clear that, although
there are no drainage reserves, there is a common drain within the property.
During cross-examination, Mr Yeo admitted that the reply alerted him to the
existence of a common drain within the property. In closing submissions,
counsel for the vendors pointed out that there is also a common drain outside
the front boundary wall of the property, the implication perhaps being that Mr
Yeo thought that the reply was referring to that front drain. Simply assuming
that the “common drain within the site” meant that particular drain is not
sufficient. Mr Yeo ought to have clarified this with the vendors. Despite
this, he and his wife did not raise this issue with the vendors, and went
ahead to complete the purchase on 10 September 2015.

13 Even if the conveyancing solicitor had brought this to the attention of Mr
Yeo before completion, and Mr Yeo had sought to rescind the contract then, the
purchasers may still not succeed because it was not a term of the contract
that the land size of 2,775 sqft excludes the area with the drain. This was Mr
Yeo’s own assumption. The vendor of a property is not obliged to point this
out to the purchaser. Furthermore, cl 12 of the option to purchase clearly
states that “the Purchaser is treated as having notice of the actual state and
condition of the Property as regards… drainage and all other respects and is
deemed to have inspected the Property”. Clause 15 further states that the
property is “sold subject to any restrictive covenants, easements... and all
other rights whatsoever affecting the same”. The purchaser has to inspect the
property before he decides whether to exercise the option to purchase, or at
least he must ensure that any uncertainty is resolved in the terms of the
option before exercising it.

14 For completeness, the vendors also challenge the admissibility of two
documents sought to be adduced by the purchasers, the first being the
topographical survey plan prepared by a land surveyor from 1 Survey
Associates, Too Oon Hock, for the purpose of renovations, and the second being
a site plan enclosed in the valuation report prepared by Premas Valuers &
Property Consultants Pte Ltd as part of the mortgage application process. They
submit that these two documents are hearsay evidence and their makers were not
called to testify in court. The topographical survey apparently indicates the
existence of the drain within the property. I have already found this to be
the case. The valuation report indicates the size of the property as 2,775
sqft. While Mr Yeo relied on this report in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
to state that the site plan prepared within did not show that the land area
included the drain at the back of the property, this does not help him. The
valuer was not called to testify so we do not know what instructions Mr Yeo
gave him, although one can expect a valuer to check the official land area of
the property under valuation and inspect the property. Although the valuer
appears to be oblivious to the status of the drain, he had expressly stated in
his report that no requisition on road or drainage proposals has been made and
that they will only make such requisitions on specific request. These two
documents hence do not assist the vendors.

15 On these facts, I am of the view that the purchasers, Mr Yeo and Ms Tiang,
have no cause of action against the vendors Mr Goh and Ms Angeline Lim.
However much we may be sympathetic to Mr Yeo and his wife over such a costly
mistake, that mistake was his in the first place. He and his wife compounded
the mistake by not being alert enough to spot it when the requisitions made by
his solicitors came back to indicate that although the PUB has no intention of
establishing a drainage reserve over his land, the setback must remain and
cannot be altered without express permission.

16 This action is therefore dismissed with costs.

\- Sgd -  
Choo Han Teck  
Judge

Ng Khai Lee Ivan and Grismond Tien De Ming (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs;  
Tan Tzu Kwang Paul and Toh Hui Lin Desiree (Cornerstone Law LLP) for the
defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

