Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 179

Originating Summons No 289 of 2017

(Summons No 1555 of 2017)

Between

| Hua Rong Engineering Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Plaintiff

And

| Civil Tech Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

Oral judgment

[Building and construction law] — [Sub-contracts] — [Claims by sub-contractor]

[Building and construction law] — [Statutes and regulations]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Hua Rong Engineering Pte Ltd

  
v

  

Civil Tech Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 179

High Court — Originating Summons No 289 of 2017  
(Summons No 1555 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
15, 30 May 2017

24 July 2017 Judgment reserved.

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 Summons No 1555 of 2017 (“SUM 1555”) is an application to set aside an
adjudication determination (“the AD”) made under the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Act”) by an
adjudicator, Mr Chung Khoon Leong John (“the Adjudicator”), on 15 February
2017. SUM 1555 arises in the context of an ongoing application for leave to
enforce the AD, vide, Originating Summons No 289 of 2017 (“OS 289”).

The facts

2 The applicant in OS 289 and the respondent in SUM 1555 is Hua Rong
Engineering Pte Ltd (“HRE”). The respondent in OS 289 and the applicant in SUM
1555 is Civil Tech Pte Ltd (“CTP”).

3 The parties were involved in two construction projects by the Land Transport
Authority, the T211 project (the Bright Hill MRT station of the Thomson–East
Coast Line) and the C933 project (the Jalan Besar MRT station of the Downtown
Line). CTP was a sub-contractor of the main contractor, which is not involved
in these proceedings. HRE in turn was a sub-contractor engaged by CTP to
supply labour for construction relating to both the T211 project and the C933
project. I shall refer to the contracts between CTP and HRE relating to the
two projects as “the T211 contract” and “the C933 contract” respectively.

4 On 6 December 2016, HRE submitted Daywork Claim No 13 for the amount of
$601,873.40. This was for work done in respect of the T211 contract for the
period from 1 April to 30 July 2016. CTP accepted this claim and acknowledged
this amount as owing to HRE, but in CTP’s Payment Certificate 9 (which the
parties accepted as having functioned as a payment response) it certified a
negative value, ie, that nothing was due to HRE. This was because CTP alleged
that HRE had made false and fraudulent payment claims under the C933 contract
when HRE had not in fact performed those works. Thus, as stated in Payment
Certificate 9, CTP claimed that it had overpaid HRE in respect of the C933
contract and sought to withhold a sum of $1,468,276.32.

5 On 11 January 2017, HRE lodged an adjudication application in respect of
Daywork Claim No 13 after giving due notice to CTP. The latter in its
adjudication response relied on the same grounds (fraud and overpayment in
respect of the C933 contract) that it had stated in Payment Certificate 9. CTP
argued that the fraud and overpayment in respect of the C933 contract entitled
CTP to set off this amount (ie, $1,468,276.32) from the payment claim of
$601,873.40 under the T211 contract. The dispute was referred to the
Adjudicator, who ruled that CTP could not as a matter of law set off a
counterclaim based on another contract. In his view, the SOP Act only allowed
him to take into consideration cross-claims, counterclaims and set-offs
arising under the same construction contract. Hence, he ruled that CTP had to
pay HRE the amount of $601,873.40.

6 CTP was dissatisfied with the decision of the Adjudicator and filed SUM 1555
which is now before this court.

The issues

7 The pivotal issue in this summons is whether the Adjudicator was right to
confine his deliberation to matters concerning the T211 contract, to the
exclusion of the C933 contract. Put more generally, the question is whether,
in an adjudication under Part IV of the SOP Act, a respondent is entitled to
raise, and an adjudicator is entitled to consider, cross-claims, counterclaims
and set-offs which arise outside of the context of the particular contract
which is the subject of the payment claim in question. This is essentially a
question of jurisdiction, as it concerns whether cross-claims, counterclaims
and set-offs of that nature fall within the scope of matters which an
adjudicator is empowered to consider and decide in an adjudication
application.

8 In order to address this main question, it is necessary to closely examine
two provisions in the SOP Act which are especially germane to this case. The
first provision is s 15(3), the relevant portion of which prohibits a
respondent from including in an adjudication response, and prohibits an
adjudicator from considering, “any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off” unless
it was included in the payment response. The other key provision is s 17(3),
which lists the matters which the adjudicator “shall only have regard” in the
determination of the adjudication application, thereby limiting the scope of
matters that the adjudicator can consider.

9 In addition, other provisions of the SOP Act as well as, in a supplementary
role, the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations
(Cap 30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOP Regulations”) provide necessary context
for the analysis. In line with the purposive approach to statutory
interpretation, I must consider the SOP Act as a whole and from a broader
perspective in order to ascertain whether the proposed reading of the
aforesaid provisions are congruous with, and accord with, the overall purposes
and objectives of the SOP Act.

10 In addition to the main issue, two other issues are whether the Adjudicator
breached s 17(3) of the SOP Act (which sets out the matters which an
adjudicator shall consider) and whether CTP’s allegations of fraud and unjust
enrichment are made out.

The parties’ submissions

11 Following the initial round of written submissions and the first oral
hearing, I formed the view that further submissions were necessary on issues
including the purpose of the SOP Act and the position taken by other
jurisdictions in relation to similar legislation. There were a total of three
sets of written submissions by HRE, four sets of written submissions by CTP,
and two oral hearings before me. I summarise the salient points below.

CTP’s submissions

12 CTP submits that the plain reading of s 15(3) of the SOP Act permitted the
Adjudicator to consider any cross-claim, counterclaim or set-off arising from
another contract that was not the subject matter of the payment claim in
question, so long as that claim or set-off was included in the payment
response. Thus, the Adjudicator should have allowed CTP to set-off CTP’s claim
in respect of the C933 Contract against HRE’s claim under the T211 contract.

13 CTP argues that the references in s 15(3) to “cross-claim” and
“counterclaim” indicate that a respondent is entitled to raise a cross-claim
or counterclaim arising from another contract. If Parliament had intended to
confine the payment response to the same contract, it would not have included
the references to “cross-claims” and “counterclaims”, as these suggest that it
is permissible for an adjudicator to consider separate and independent claims
from a contract or contracts other than the contract which was the subject of
the payment claim in question. CTP further contends that if Parliament had
intended to limit s 15(3) to cross-claims, counterclaims or set-offs arising
from the same contract, clear language along those lines would have been used.

14 CTP places reliance on s 36(4) of the SOP Act, which provides that nothing
in the SOP Act (except for s 36(1), which effectively prohibits contracting
out of the SOP Act) shall “limit or otherwise affect the operation of any
other law in relation to any right, title, interest, privilege, obligation or
liability of a person arising under or by virtue of a contract or an
agreement.” CTP further relies on the common law presumption that a statute
does not, in the absence of either express wording or a clearly evinced
intention, limit the non-statutory (common law and equitable) rights which
individuals have. CTP also refers to the similar principle applicable to
contractual interpretation, set out in Gilbert-Ash (Norton) Limited v Modern
Engineering (Bristol) Limited [1974] AC 689 (“Gilbert-Ash”), that “one starts
with the presumption that neither party intends to abandon any remedies for
its breach arising by operation of law, and clear express words must be used
in order to rebut this presumption” (at 717, per Lord Diplock). On these
bases, CTP argues that s 15(3) should be read consistently with the rights of
cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off arising under the common law and in
equity. Accordingly, CTP asserts that it was entitled to raise the alleged
fraudulent claims relating to the C933 contract as a cross-claim, counterclaim
or set-off against HRE’s payment claim in the T211 contract.

15 Furthermore, CTP adds that s 17(3)(d) requires an adjudicator to have
regard to the payment response. In this case, CTP had explained in the payment
response that there were fraudulent claims made by HRE under the C933
contract. This resulted in HRE being enriched to the amount of $1,468,276.32.
Hence, CTP was entitled to withhold payment relating to the T211 contract.

16 CTP buttresses its arguments with a comparison to the approach taken in
other jurisdictions in relation to similar legislation: specifically, that in
the United Kingdom, the Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria, and
New Zealand. CTP’s argument is that with the exception of Victoria (which has
an express statutory exclusion of cross-contract cross-claims, counterclaims
and set-offs), none of these jurisdictions have interpreted their legislation
as excluding cross-contract cross-claims, counterclaims and set-offs.

17 CTP also raises the policy argument that HRE’s interpretation (which, for
convenience, I shall refer to as “the single-contract interpretation”) would
adversely affect the standard form contracts used in the building and
construction industry.

18 CTP further submits that the Adjudicator’s refusal to consider the payment
response and the adjudication response was not a mere error of law (which
would, without more, not be a reason to disturb the AD: see Chow Kok Fong,
Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2013)
at para 19.37), but one of a type requiring the AD to be set aside. CTP also
makes a number of substantive factual and legal arguments regarding the
validity of its claim under the C933 contract which is the subject of its
cross-claim, counterclaim or set-off.

HRE’s submissions

19 HRE urges the court to dismiss this application on the basis that the SOP
Act, and in particular s 15(3), requires that any withholding of a payment
relate to the same contract that is the subject of the adjudication
application. Hence, the Adjudicator was right to disregard the reasons for
withholding stated in the payment response as they were an attempt to raise
cross-claims, counterclaims or set-offs arising from a different contract, ie,
the C933 contract. The rest of HRE’s submissions are mostly responsive to
those of CTP.

My decision

20 I shall now deal with the various issues that I have raised above (at [7]).
For ease of reference, I will hereinafter refer to the reasons for withholding
payment of the sums stated in the payment response as “withholding reasons”.

Issue 1: Whether s 15(3) of the SOP Act allows cross-contract cross-claims,
counterclaims or set-offs, or whether it is restricted to withholding reasons
arising under the same contract

The overall purpose of the SOP Act

21 Before I deal with the main issue in these proceedings, I would like to
state the purpose of the SOP Act so as to place the issue in its proper
context. This is necessary not only as a matter of common sense, but also
because s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) mandates the
court to prefer “an interpretation that would promote the purpose or object
underlying the written law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated
in the written law or not)”.

22 The object and purpose of the SOP Act was definitively set out by Sundaresh
Menon CJ, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal in W Y Steel
Construction Pte Ltd v Osko Pte Ltd [2013] 3 SLR 380 (“W Y Steel”). To
paraphrase, the court held (at [18]) that Parliament had introduced the SOP
Act to provide the construction industry with a low-cost, efficient and quick
process for the adjudication of payment disputes so that main contractors do
not unfairly or unreasonably delay or withhold payment from their sub-
contractors. Such actions or strategies by main contractors would invariably
hinder the downstream cash flow which is the life blood of the construction
industry. This was and is of special concern given that sub-contractors often
do not have much financial resilience, and may rely on the anticipated
payments coming in on time in order to meet their own obligations to other
parties. Thus, disputes between contractors and sub-contractors over
entitlements to payment could have serious knock-on effects on other players
in the construction industry. In the absence of a mechanism to speedily
resolve such disputes, the proliferation of such disputes, and the delay in
the resolution of such disputes, would carry the potential to cause
insolvencies and significantly disrupt the industry as a whole.

23 As observed in W Y Steel, the SOP Act was intended to solve this problem in
the following manner:

18 … The Act achieves its stated purpose of facilitating cash flow in the
building and construction industry in two principal ways. First, it
establishes that parties who have done work or supplied goods are entitled to
payment as of right: see s 5 of the Act. Second, it creates an intervening,
provisional process of adjudication which, although provisional in nature, is
final and binding on the parties to the adjudication until their differences
are ultimately and conclusively determined or resolved: see s 21 of the Act.
This is what is referred to as temporary finality.

19 As stated by Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng (“the Minister of State”), the then
Minister of State for National Development, in his speech at the second
reading of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Bill
2004 (Bill 54 of 2004) (“the SOP Bill”), which was later enacted as Act
57/2004 (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (16 November
2004) vol 78 at col 1112 (“Singapore Parliamentary Debates vol 78, col
1112”)):

The SOP Bill will preserve the rights to payment for work done and goods
supplied of all the parties in the construction industry. It also facilitates
cash flow by establishing a fast and low cost adjudication system to resolve
payment disputes. …

24 At the same time, Parliament recognised that quick justice may not be
perfect. An adjudication process that was speedy enough to ensure that payment
was made before its withholding became commercially dangerous was necessary.
It was acknowledged that the adjudication process might not be expected to
provide the same level of scrutiny and sophisticated legal analysis as would
be available before a court or an ordinary arbitral tribunal. In that sense,
adjudication under the SOP Act delivers a “roughshod” kind of justice, which
is compensated for by the fact that the adjudication only has “temporary
finality”, ie, finality until the dispute is “reopened at a later time and
ventilated in another more thorough and deliberate forum” (W Y Steel at [22]).
As the court further observed in W Y Steel (at [20]), one aspect of this
notion of temporary finality is:

… the idea that the parties to a construction contract should “pay now, argue
later”: per Ward LJ in RJT Consulting Engineers Ltd v DM Engineering (Northern
Ireland) Ltd [2002] 1 WLR 2344 at [1]. The appeal of this philosophy is
apparent: payments, and therefore cash flow, should not be held up by
counterclaims and claims for set-offs that may prove to be specious at the end
of lengthy and expensive proceedings that have to be undertaken in order to
disentangle the knot of disputed claims and cross-claims. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

As this passage recognises, arguments concerning cross-claims, counterclaims
and set-offs can easily grow out of control, such that they can only be
resolved through long and tedious deliberation and analysis. Implicit here is
the recognition that in order to fulfil its purpose, an SOP Act adjudication
cannot be expected to embrace every matter which a party would be entitled to
raise in litigation or arbitration. Some arguments are best pursued in another
forum.

25 Bearing this important backdrop in mind, I turn to the specific provisions
of the SOP Act which guide me in the present case.

The relevant provisions of the SOP Act

26 As I earlier stated, ss 15 and 17 of the SOP Act are of particular
relevance. However, some of the earlier provisions of the SOP Act (namely, ss
2, 5, 10 and 12) which set out the relationship between progress payments,
payment claims, and adjudication applications are also important. This is
because the language used in those provisions casts light on whether the
adjudication process was intended to be confined to a single contract, or to
potentially encompass matters relating to multiple contracts.

27 In this connection, the recent decision of Vinodh Coomaraswamy J in Rong
Shun Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v C.P. Ong Construction Pte Ltd [2017]
SGHC 34 (“Rong Shun”) is instructive and merits reproduction at some length.
That case concerned whether a payment claim, and an adjudication application
based thereon, can arise out of more than one contract, or whether a rule of
“one payment claim, one contract” applied. Coomaraswamy J considered the
relevant provisions (namely, ss 2, 5, 10 and 12 of the SOP Act) and concluded
that such a rule did apply, for the following reasons:

30 It is true that no provision in the Act expressly stipulates that a payment
claim within the meaning of the Act must arise from only one contract.
However, the Act in all but one section consistently uses only the singular
noun “contract” coupled with either the singular article “a” or “the”. There
is only one section in the entire Act which refers to “contracts”, i.e. in the
plural. That is s 4(2)(c). But that section deals only with the disapplication
of the Act to a prescribed “class of contracts”. That provision is not
relevant to this question or to the analysis of it which follows in this
judgment.

31 I begin the analysis by considering four sections which are fundamental to
the scheme of the Act. I consider them only insofar as they relate to
construction contracts within the meaning of the Act, leaving aside for the
moment supply contracts. These four sections are ss 2, 5, 10 and 12. They
define or establish, in turn: (i) a progress payment, (ii) a claimant’s
entitlement to a progress payment; (iii) a claimant’s power to serve a payment
claim in respect of a progress payment; and (iv) a claimant’s entitlement to
make an adjudication application.

32 Section 2 defines a “progress payment”. It speaks expressly of a progress
payment as a payment arising under “a contract”:

“progress payment” means a payment to which a person is entitled for the
carrying out of construction work, or the supply of goods or services, under a
contract …;

[emphasis added]

33 Section 5 confers, for present purposes, a statutory entitlement to a
progress payment on every person who carries out construction work. It too
speaks expressly of an entitlement to a progress payment arising under “a
contract”:

Entitlement to progress payments

5\. Any person who has carried out any construction work, or supplied any
goods or services, under a contract is entitled to a progress payment.

34 A person who is or claims to be entitled to a progress payment under s 5 is
defined by s 2 of the Act as “a claimant”. A claimant has the power, under s
10(1) of the Act, to serve a payment claim in respect of “a progress payment”.
Both ss 10(1)(a) and 10(1)(b) again refer expressly to “the contract”:

Payment claims

10.—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(a) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be
liable to make the payment; or

(b) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

[emphasis added]

The purpose of these subsections is to stipulate on whom a payment claim must
be served, rather than to tie one payment claim back to one contract. But the
clear tenor of the subsections is that the service which they contemplate
takes place pursuant to only one contract in connection with any one payment
claim.

35 Section 10(3)(b) then requires the payment claim to be “made in such form
and manner…as may be prescribed”. The form and manner is prescribed by rule 5
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap
30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed). Rule 5(2)(b) once again contemplates a payment claim
arising from only one contract. It requires a payment claim to “identify the
contract to which the progress payment that is the subject of the payment
claim relates” (emphasis added).

36 Finally, s 12(1) of the Act establishes a claimant’s entitlement to make an
adjudication application subject to certain conditions being met. This
provision too uses the singular: “a … contract”:

Entitlement to make adjudication applications

12.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), a claimant who, in relation to a
construction contract, fails to receive payment by the due date of the
response amount which he has accepted is entitled to make an adjudication
application under section 13 in relation to the relevant payment claim.

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

…

(3) A claimant who has served a payment claim in relation to a supply contract
is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13 in relation
to the payment claim if —

…

[emphasis added]

37 The respondent is therefore correct that the Act mandates that a “payment
claim” within the meaning of s 10 of the Act must arise from one contract. …

28 To summarise the reasoning in the above passage from Rong Shun,
Parliament’s consistent use of the phrase “a contract”, and variations thereon
similarly adopting the singular form, indicated that payment claims as well as
adjudications under the SOP Act were both intended to be confined to a single
contract. Each adjudication application is to relate to one payment claim, and
each payment claim is to relate to one contract.

29 I note that although Rong Shun was the first judicial decision to establish
this position, Coomaraswamy J’s astute analysis was not unprecedented.
Reasoning along similar lines, albeit in a necessarily truncated form, had
been employed by the adjudicator Mr Raymond Chan in AJB Pte Ltd v AJC Pte Ltd
[2011] SCAdjR 588 (“AJB”) (at [36]–[45]). In that adjudication determination,
Mr Chan noted an additional provision which reinforced his conclusion: reg
7(2) of the SOP Regulations, which provides that every adjudication
application shall “contain the particulars of the relevant contract” [emphasis
added]. Again, the word is used in the singular form, implying that there can
only be one “relevant contract” for the purpose of an adjudication.

30 To the provisions discussed in Rong Shun and AJB, I would add the
following:

(a) Section 11(1) of the SOP Act, which requires “a respondent named in a
payment claim served in relation to a construction contract” [emphasis added]
to respond to the payment claim.

(b) Section 11(1)(a), which states that the payment response to the claimant
has to be done “by the date as specified in or determined in accordance with
the terms of the construction contract” [emphasis added].

(c) Section 11(3), which indicates what should be included in the payment
response and uses the phrase “[a] payment response provided in relation to a
construction contract” [emphasis added].

(d) Section 15(3)(a), which clearly refers to “a construction contract”
[emphasis added].

(e) Regulation 6 of the SOP Regulations, which uses (in reg 6(1) as well as
reg 6(2)) the phrase “payment response provided in relation to a construction
contract” [emphasis added].

These provisions were highlighted by HRE both in this application and before
the Adjudicator, who referred to them in the AD (at [34]). CTP was unable to
draw the court’s attention to any provision that indicates that an adjudicator
can consider matters relating to any other contract between the parties.

31 I am in full agreement with the position stated in Rong Shun and AJB. That
said, the question before me in this application is not whether a claimant may
base his claim on multiple contracts, but whether a respondent may rely on
withholding reasons that arise in relation to multiple contracts. In theory,
the answer to both questions need not be the same: perhaps a claimant can only
rely on one contract as the basis for a payment claim, but a respondent is
entitled to rely on any contract (or, indeed, any non-contractual reason) to
resist that claim. That would, however, be a curious conclusion, and in
determining whether that is indeed what Parliament intended, the reasoning and
conclusion in Rong Shun and AJB provide a useful starting point and an
indication of the general philosophy underlying the SOP Act.

32 This brings me to the provisions with which this application is most
closely concerned. Section 15 of the SOP Act deals with adjudication responses
and it reads as follows:

Adjudication responses

15.—(1) A respondent shall, within 7 days after receipt of a copy of an
adjudication application under section 13(4)(a), lodge with the authorised
nominating body a response to the adjudication application.

(2) The adjudication response —

(a) shall be made in writing addressed to the authorised nominating body;

(b) shall identify the adjudication application to which it relates;

(c) shall contain such information or be accompanied by such documents as may
be prescribed; and

(d) may contain or be accompanied by such other information or documents
(including expert reports, photographs, correspondences and submissions) as
the respondent may consider to be relevant to the adjudication response.

(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(a) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason was
included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to the
claimant; or

(b) where the adjudication relates to a supply contract, the reason was
provided by the respondent to the claimant on or before the relevant due date.

...

[emphasis added]

The most pertinent part of this section is subsection (3), the salient parts
of which I have italicised above.

33 Additionally, s 17 of the SOP Act concerns, among other things, an
adjudicator’s subject-matter jurisdiction, and provides that one of the
matters to which an adjudicator shall have regard is “the provisions of the
contract to which the adjudication application relates” [emphasis added] (see
s 17(3)(b) of the SOP Act).

34 The crucial question with regard to ss 15(3) and 17(3)(b) is whether the
language used indicates that Parliament intended that the same position which
applies to payment claims applies as well to withholding reasons which can be
considered in an adjudication under the SOP Act – namely, that they must arise
out of a single contract only. Logically, this must be so. The language used
is functionally identical: just as the SOP Act refers to “a” or “the” contract
in the provisions concerning progress payments, payment claims and
adjudication applications, it also refers to “a” or “the” contract in the
provisions concerning adjudication responses and withholding reasons. It is
this clear language which HRE primarily relies on, and which the Adjudicator
found to be determinative (the AD at [52]–[54]).

The policy justification for single-contract interpretation

35 The analysis thus far has been primarily textual in nature. Looking now
beyond the language used in the relevant provisions, I observe what is, to my
mind, a convincing reason of policy (not as a freestanding interpretation of
the law, but one that takes into account the object and purpose of the SOP Act
as well as the motivations underlying Parliament’s introduction of the SOP
Act) which militates toward adopting the single-contract interpretation. That
reason is essentially what was identified in Rong Shun ([27] supra) (at [48]),
where it was observed that:

… [a]llowing claims and disputes which arise from several contracts – which
may contain materially different terms, including materially different payment
terms – to be confounded in one payment claim and thereafter in one
adjudication application has the potential to cause unfairness to the
respondent, to increase the decision-making burden on the adjudicator and
thereby to increase costs and to increase delay in adjudication. All of that
is antithetical to the purposes of the Act.

36 Coomaraswamy J was referring in the above passage to the situation if a
claimant were permitted to bring a payment claim and an adjudication
application based on multiple contracts, but in my view his comments apply
equally, mutatis mutandis, to the present scenario. Just as bringing in
multiple contracts as the basis for a claim would unduly prolong and
complicate an adjudication, so, too, would bringing in multiple contracts as
the basis for cross-claims, counterclaims or set-offs. This cannot have been
the intention of Parliament; otherwise, what was meant to be a simple, quick
and fair process for the resolution of payment disputes may instead become
entangled in a web of contractual complexity which would dramatically slow
down the adjudication process.

37 Indeed, it appears to me that if CTP’s interpretation were to be adopted,
it would have consequences going beyond requiring an adjudicator to consider
multiple construction contracts in a single adjudication. CTP’s interpretation
implies that there is no limit to the scope of matters which an adjudicator
must consider as potentially valid withholding reasons in an adjudication
determination. An adjudicator may, if CTP is right, be called upon to decide
legal and factual issues relating to anything under the sun – for instance,
contracts other than construction contracts, or tortious claims unrelated to
construction contracts – so long as they are asserted to give rise to a
liquidated monetary claim by the respondent against the claimant.

38 Such an interpretation appears to me to be unrealistic given the practical
limitations of adjudication under the SOP Act. Aside from the tight timelines
that apply (which the Adjudicator noted in [59] of the AD), I note as well
that under the eligibility requirements for appointment as an adjudicator
under s 29(1) of the SOP Act, read with reg 11(1) of the SOP Regulations,
legal training is only one of many possible qualifications for a person to
serve as an adjudicator. Thus, while an adjudicator will invariably be well-
equipped to deal with matters arising in connection with a construction (or
supply) contract, he or she may not be equally well-equipped to deal with the
legal intricacies from diverse areas of the law or with factual controversies
arising in different contexts. I am not the first to foresee this undesirable
consequence. As Young JA observed (albeit in obiter) of similar New South
Wales legislation in Perform (NSW) Pty Ltd v MEV-AUS Pty Ltd [2009] NSWCA 157
(“Perform”) (at [135]):

… the adjudicator under the Act is intended to be a person skilled in the
administration of construction contracts. It would be odd for the legislature
to compel such a person to consider cross-claims which might involve other
contracts.

It was for that reason that Young JA expressed doubts (at [141]) as to whether
equitable set-off could be raised in such an adjudication, although it was not
necessary to decide the issue in that case, as the cross-claim there had not
been listed in the payment response.

39 In the present dispute, it is true that the Adjudicator was in fact an
experienced solicitor, and that the matters raised by CTP fell well within
those ordinarily dealt with by an adjudicator, albeit they pertained to a
different construction contract. But this was merely fortuitous: the appointed
adjudicator could have had any approved background, and CTP would, on its own
case, have been entitled to raise any cross-claim, counterclaim or set-off
(or, indeed, any other withholding reason) arising from any set of facts. The
point remains that CTP’s expansive reading of the withholding reasons
available under an SOP Act adjudication, if accepted, could potentially
require an adjudicator to consider an unbounded universe of claims and
arguments. This would cut against the statute’s purpose of offering a
contained and expedited means of giving temporary finality to payment
disputes. It would also open the process up to abuse: an unscrupulous main
contractor could, if he wished, bring in a multitude of dubious arguments,
including cross-claims, counterclaims and set-offs, in order to enlarge and
obfuscate the primary payment dispute, bog down the adjudication process, and
overwhelm the sub-contractor bringing the claim. The philosophy of “pay now,
argue later” which lies at the heart of the concept of temporary finality (see
the passage from W Y Steel at [20], quoted at [24] above) would be hollowed
out.

40 For these reasons, I am of the view that both the language of the SOP Act
and the SOP Regulations, and their underlying object and purpose, require the
court to adopt the single-contract interpretation.

Counter-arguments raised by CTP

41 Naturally, CTP seeks to persuade me that the single-contract interpretation
is, despite the above reasons, not the correct interpretation. It raises five
main counter-arguments to that end. Although I appreciate CTP’s counsel’s
assiduous research on these points, I am ultimately unconvinced. I shall
discuss each counter-argument in turn.

(1) The wording of s 15(3) of the SOP Act – would the interpretation proposed
by HRE require it to be drafted differently?

42 First, CTP argues that the wording of s 15(3) is unclear, and that if
Parliament had intended (as HRE contends) to confine the cross-claims,
counterclaims and set-offs only to the same construction contract, then
subsection (3) should have been drafted in this manner:

The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason which does not arise in relation to
the same contract for withholding any amount, including but not limited to any
cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off …

[hypothetical addition in bold]

CTP asserts that the fact that such language was not used shows that
Parliament intended to allow respondents to raise cross-contract cross-claims,
counterclaims and set-offs. CTP further argues that the words “including but
not limited to” confirm that the withholding reasons are not limited in scope.

43 I do not agree. As the Adjudicator noted (in the AD at [58], regarding the
Court of Appeal’s comments on s 15(3) of the SOP Act in W Y Steel ([22]
supra)), the function of s 15(3) is to set out what a respondent shall not
raise and an adjudicator shall not consider. If the words “which does not
arise in relation to the same contract” had been added, it would mean that the
respondent shall not include in the adjudication response any cross-claim,
counterclaim and set-off which does not arise in relation to the same
contract. In other words, the withholding reasons in the payment response
would have to relate to other contracts and not the contract from which the
payment claim originated. CTP’s proposed hypothetical wording seems absurd.
This may not be the intention of CTP’s suggestion and I understand what CTP is
advocating, but the point remains that it is simply untrue that Parliament
would have needed to add any further words to support the single-contract
interpretation. The words which CTP suggests could have been added would, in
fact, have changed the meaning of the provision entirely.

44 As for the words “including but not limited to”, CTP appears to have
misunderstood the scope of this phrase. The function of s 15(3) is to prohibit
the respondent from raising withholding reasons unless the reasons are in the
payment response that is served on the claimant. Thus, the significance of
“including but not limited to” is that it broadens the prohibition. Without
that phrase, s 15(3) might give the impression that only cross-claims,
counterclaims and set-offs need to be listed in the payment response in order
to be raised and considered in adjudication. By adding that phrase, Parliament
made it clear that, regardless of its precise nature, a withholding reason
could not be raised or considered in adjudication unless it had been listed in
the payment response. The phrase could not be read to imply the reverse, ie,
that there is no further restriction other than the requirement of having been
listed in the payment response.

45 On a related note, CTP also argues that since there are some places in the
SOP Act (namely, ss 10(4), 24(3) and 26(5)(b)) where the phrase “the same
contract” is used, the absence of the word “same” elsewhere would imply that
in the latter case, no such restriction applied. I find this logic too
tenuous. Those other provisions all concern payment claims or defaults
occurring in the past. It is natural and prudent, therefore, for the drafters
to have included the word “same” there, in order to make clear that those
provisions would not apply to past payment claims or defaults in relation to
different contracts between the same parties. It does not follow that every
other reference to a contract which lacks the modifier “the same” should be
read as meaning “the same or a different contract”. In my view, the instances
referred to by CTP only serve to further emphasise the fact that the SOP Act
is meant to operate on, and resolve disputes concerning, one contract at a
time, and not to entangle multiple contracts in a single dispute.

46 In my view, s 15(3) as drafted makes it crystal clear, when read in its
proper context, what the true position is: where a construction contract is
concerned, withholding reasons (of whatever nature) can only be considered if
they were included in the payment response and they arise in relation to the
same contract. The second conjunctive requirement is admittedly implicit, but
that does not mean it is unclear.

(2) Section 36(4) of the SOP Act and the Gilbert-Ash principle

47 Secondly, CTP relies on s 36(4) of the SOP Act, the principle in Gilbert-
Ash, and the principle that Parliament should not be taken to have removed
common law and equitable rights in the absence of express wording or a clearly
evinced intention. I have summarised this argument in sufficient detail at
[14] above, but in short, CTP argues that s 15(3) should be read to preserve a
respondent’s common law and equitable rights, such that CTP was entitled to
set-off the amounts that were paid to HRE for false and fraudulent claims
arising from the C933 contract against the claim under the T211 contract.

48 CTP’s argument is erroneous. The common law and equitable rights of cross-
claim, counterclaim and set-off are indeed available and are expressly
provided in s 15(3). CTP would be entitled to rely on them as long as they
were stated in the payment response. However, the scope of these common law
and equitable rights is limited to the same construction contract that gives
rise to the adjudication application. This interpretation does not offend s
36(4), as that provision only operates “except as provided in subsection (1)”.
Referring back to s 36(1), that subsection in turn provides that “[t]he
provisions of this Act shall have effect notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary in any contract or agreement.” The question in the present
application, which is also the question which was before the Adjudicator, is
this: what is the effect of s 15(3)?

49 For the reasons earlier discussed, I agree with the Adjudicator that the
effect of s 15(3) is clearly and implicitly to restrict the scope of
withholding reasons to those arising in relation to the contract that gave
rise to the payment claim and not in relation to other or multiple contracts.
Once that has been determined, s 36(4) can be of no assistance to CTP.
Likewise, I am not disregarding the presumption against the removal of rights.
Rather, I am of the view that the SOP Act, properly understood, does clearly
evince Parliament’s intention to restrict the scope of potential withholding
reasons to those relating to the construction contract at hand.

(3) The words “cross-claim, counterclaim or set-off” – do they imply that
cross-contract withholding reasons can be considered?

50 Thirdly, CTP argues that the words “cross-claim, counterclaim or set-off”,
by their very definitions, included cross-contract situations.

51 This point can be dealt with summarily. It is indisputable that the three
words are not, by their definitions, necessarily limited to a single-contract
context. They are not inherently so restricted – they may arise in relation to
a single contract, or multiple contracts. I do not think the Adjudicator meant
to suggest otherwise. However, the question in this dispute is not whether
these words were necessarily and in every instance limited to a single-
contract context, but rather, whether the SOP Act included an implicit single-
contract restriction on withholding reasons generally.

(4) The position taken by other jurisdictions

52 Fourthly, CTP argues that the United Kingdom, the Australian state of New
South Wales, and New Zealand interpret their equivalent legislation as
allowing cross-contract cross-claims, counterclaims and set-offs to be raised
and considered, and that Singapore should follow suit.

The United Kingdom

53 With regard to the United Kingdom, I note first that any jurisprudence or
case law relating to the previous version of the Housing Grants, Construction
and Regeneration Act 1996 (c 53) (UK) (“HGCRA”) is of little guidance. This is
because the previous s 110(2)(b) of the HGCRA, which expressly allowed cross-
contract set-off (“set-off or abatement… by reference to any sum claimed to be
due under one or more other contracts” [emphasis added]), has since been
repealed by Part 5 of Schedule 7 of the Local Democracy, Economic Development
and Construction Act 2009 (c 20) (UK) (“LDEDCA”). As for the post-amendment
position, it appears that the issue has yet to be tested in court. CTP was
only able to point to two academic sources for the proposition that cross-
contract set-off continues to be available under the post-amendment HGCRA.

54 The first is Dominique Rawley QC et al, Construction Adjudication and
Payments Handbook (Oxford UP, 2013) (at para 13.138), which states:

… all reference to cross-contract set-off has been removed and the 2009 Act
[ie, the LDEDCA] is silent on the matter. It is thought that, where the right
to set-off exists, the right to do will remain and that the set-off should
continue to be the subject of a valid payment or pay-less notice.

No authority for this proposition, and no further elaboration as to the
reasoning behind this proposition, is provided. With respect, this appears to
be merely an unsupported opinion of the author, and it is difficult to give
much weight to it for that reason.

55 The second authority cited by CTP is Crispin Winser, “Set off in
adjudication” (2014) 30(2) Construction Law Journal 103, which first notes the
silence in the amended HGCRA and the LDEDCA and then states (at 105):

… Strictly speaking, there is therefore no right to bring a counterclaim in an
adjudication other than insofar as it operates as a substantive defence (i.e.
by way of equitable set-off).

It is difficult to see how this advances CTP’s case. The question in the
present application is not whether equitable set-off can be raised in an SOP
Act adjudication but rather whether it has to be one that arises in relation
to the same contract that the adjudication concerns. Winser’s article has
nothing to say about that. Moreover, like the first academic source, no
authority or reasoning is given for this particular point.

New South Wales, Australia

56 CTP recognises that there is one unfavourable authority in the form of the
Perform case ([38] supra), in which Young JA expressed doubt as to the
applicability of equitable set-off in adjudications under the New South Wales
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999. However, CTP
seeks to downplay the significance of Perform, as Young JA’s comments were
obiter and were not reasoned in great detail. While it is true that the
comments were obiter and not based on any lengthy examination of the
authorities, I find Young JA’s observation on the scope of an adjudicator’s
expertise to be a sensible one.

57 Although I do not consider Perform to weigh strongly against CTP, it also
cannot be said that the New South Wales case law does much to support CTP’s
proposition. The only case which CTP asserts as positive authority is
Downsouth Constructions Pty Ltd v Jigsaw Corporate Childcare Australia Pty Ltd
[2007] NSWC 597. This was a case which was decided on the basis that the
respondent had failed to properly set out its withholding reasons in the
payment schedule and/or had failed to make out a set-off (at [62]–[63]). The
issue of whether a cross-contract set-off or other cross-contract withholding
reasons could be validly raised was apparently never argued by either party,
and the court at no point discussed it. Thus, even if the respondent had
succeeded in establishing the set-off, the case would be of limited persuasive
value. Its value is diminished even further given that the respondent’s
attempt to raise the set-off was instead dismissed on other grounds, removing
the necessity to consider the cross-contract issue entirely.

New Zealand

58 The sole authority relied on from New Zealand is the case of Cube Buildings
Solutions Limited v Thomas Frederick Mazlin King and Judith Ruth King, CIV
2009 409 000034 (High Court of New Zealand, Christchurch Registry). That case
concerned s 79 of the Construction Contracts Act 2002 (New Zealand), which
prevents the court from giving effect to set-offs unless they are the subject
of a judgment or are undisputed. The specific question was whether the
inclusion of two set-offs which did not meet those requirements meant that the
whole payment schedule was invalid. The court held that their inclusion did
not invalidate the whole payment schedule (at [62] and [64]–[65]).

59 It is rather difficult to see how this case is relevant to the present
application. The New Zealand court was simply not concerned with whether
cross-contract set-offs were possible under the New Zealand statute, and
indeed, it is unclear whether the set-offs raised in that case were cross-
contract or not.

Victoria, Australia

60 For completeness, CTP recognises that Victoria prohibits cross-contract
set-offs, cross-claims and counterclaims, although this is pursuant to an
express provision to that effect.

Conclusion on the survey of other jurisdictions

61 Simply put, I am not persuaded that the jurisdictions surveyed indeed
supported CTP’s position. CTP is ultimately unable to point to a single clear
example of a court interpreting a statute like the SOP Act as allowing cross-
contract withholding reasons to be raised in adjudication. The question has
yet to be ruled on by the respective courts of these jurisdictions, and there
is nothing to indicate that they might not, in time, arrive at the same
single-contract interpretation that I set out earlier.

62 Indeed, it seems that the overall legislative and judicial attitude in
these other jurisdictions is generally suspicious of cross-contract cross-
claims, counterclaims and set-offs, even though they have not (with the
exception of Victoria) taken the further step of expressly excluding such
remedies from their construction adjudication frameworks. In the United
Kingdom, for instance, there was considerable discomfort and dissatisfaction
expressed concerning the availability of cross-contract set-offs among the
respondents surveyed by Sir Michael Latham in his 2004 supplementary report on
possible amendments to the HGCRA. The same is true of the respondents surveyed
for the follow-up consultation by the UK Department of Trade and Industry and
the Welsh Assembly Government in 2005, the results of which were published as
a report entitled “Improving Payment Practices in the Construction Industry”
in 2006 (“the 2006 report”). This discomfort apparently stemmed from the same
concern raised in W Y Steel ([22] supra): namely, the complexity and delay to
cash-flow which could result. There were, however, disagreements as to the
degree to which equitable set-offs should be permitted (see paras 7–7.2 of the
2006 report). Ultimately, in part due to what were seen as definitional
problems as a matter of drafting, no express prohibition was introduced in the
2009 amendments. Nonetheless, the fact that the express provision permitting
cross-contract set-offs was removed suggests that the legislature was not keen
on encouraging such set-offs to be raised. Although such doubts (like those
expressed by Young JA’s obiter in Perform ([38] supra)) are certainly not
determinative, they further fortify my conclusion that the single-contract
interpretation is justified as a matter of policy in light of the object and
purpose of the SOP Act.

(5) Implications for the standard form contracts used in the construction
industry

63 Fifthly and finally, CTP argues that adopting the single-contract
interpretation would be harmful to the construction industry because it would
affect many commonly used standard form contracts. CTP refers to the wording
of the Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for Construction Works
2014 (7th Ed) (“PSSCOC”), the Land Transport Authority Conditions of Contract
(“LTACOC”), the Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (Lump Sum
Contract, 8th Ed, 2008) issued by the Singapore Institute of Architects
(“SIACOC”), and the Real Estate Developers’ Association of Singapore Design
and Build Conditions of Contract (3rd Ed, 2010) (“REDAS”). The relevant
wording used in the more relevant provisions of these standard form contracts
can be summarised in the following table:

Name| Relevant provisions| Wording used  
---|---|---  
PSSCOC| Clause 32.2(1)| Payment certificates may include “deduction of any
sums which might have been or may become due and payable by the Contractor to
the Employer under the Contract or otherwise”.  
Clause 32.6| The obligation to pay the amount due is “subject to the
Employer’s right to deduct or set-off any sum or damages for which the
Contractor is or may be liable under the Contract or in any other way”.  
LTACOC| Clause 67.7| “In addition to any right of set-off or other general
lien or similar right to which the Authority may be entitled in law, the
Authority may at any time and without prior notice to the Contractor set-off
any monies whatsoever which may at any time be due to the Contractor for any
liabilities of the Contractor arising under this Contract.”  
SIACOC| Clause 28.(5)| Makes calculation of the sums due to the Contractor
“[s]ubject to any defence set-off or counterclaim of the Employer under or by
virtue of this Contract”.  
REDAS| Clause 22.2.1| “The Interim Payment Certificate may include deductions
for sums which have been or may become due and payable to the Employer by the
Contractor.”  
Clause 24.4.2| Calculation of Final Payment Certificate takes into account
“any deductions made and any deductions not yet made whether by way of
liquidated damages or otherwise”.  
  
64 From this, I draw the following conclusions:

(a) The PSSCOC allows same contract set-off but does not expressly allow
cross-contract set-off as it states “under the Contract or in any other way”.
It might be argued that this impliedly allows cross-contract set-off, but that
is not clearly provided.

(b) The LTACOC expressly allows same-contract set-off, as indicated by the
words “any liabilities of the Contractor arising under this Contract”. The
phrase “any monies whatsoever” modifies the phrase “which may at any time be
due to the Contractor”, ie, the payments against which the Authority is
entitled to raise a set-off, rather than the rights giving rise to a set-off.
There is no mention of cross-contract set-off.

(c) The SIACOC expressly allows same-contract set-off. There is no mention of
cross-contract set-off.

(d) The REDAS expressly allows deductions to be made, without specifying
whether they may arise out of a different contract.

65 Based on the above, it appears that only the PSSCOC could arguably provide
for cross-contract set-off. The other standard forms surveyed either provide
for same-contract set-off (which is not affected by the single-contract
interpretation) or do not specifically contemplate cross-contract set-off (in
which case the exclusion of cross-contract set-off for the purpose of an SOP
Act adjudication will not take away anything that the parties actively expect
to have).

66 What would be the implications of the single-contract interpretation on the
PSSCOC? The PSSCOC, although widely used for public projects, is ultimately
still a pro forma contract adopted by the agreement of the parties. As far as
any dispute resolution mechanism that operates outside the SOP Act regime is
concerned, the parties are free to use their privately contracted rights as
agreed. Once a dispute between the parties enters the SOP Act adjudication
system, however, it is the SOP Act that governs. Parties will have to adapt
their expectations to what the statute provides; it is not the statute that
must bend to their contractual expectations. Therefore, even if, assumingly
the PSSCOC permits cross-contract set-off, there is nothing unusual or
problematic about the fact that the respondent cannot rely on that contractual
term to frustrate the claimant’s adjudication payment claim under the SOP Act.

67 In any event, I am not convinced that the single-contract interpretation
would lead to any severe adverse effects on the industry. CTP’s sole argument
to the contrary is that the exclusion of cross-contract set-offs and other
withholding reasons from an SOP Act adjudication would be unfair to the main
contractor and could have adverse implications, due to the public nature of
these works, on the public purse. CTP makes this argument through the
following hypothetical scenario:

For example, a sub-contractor may have five (5) HDB projects. However, the
sub-contractor may only have performed satisfactorily for only two (2) of the
projects. If no cross-contract set-off or counterclaim is allowed to be
raised, the sub-contractor could then cherry-pick and only claim for payment
for the two (2) projects, while the Employer will be prohibited from
withholding payment for the sub-contractor’s unsatisfactory or non-performance
in the other three (3) projects. Not only is this immensely unfair to the
Employer, the more pertinent concern is that the public purse will be
adversely affected.

68 I cannot agree that there is immense unfairness in the above scenario. This
hypothetical employer has received satisfactory performance in respect of two
projects and will be required to make payment in respect of that performance.
If the sub-contractor later makes payment claims followed by adjudication
applications in respect of the three remaining projects, the employer will at
that point be entitled to raise the unsatisfactory performance or non-
performance of the sub-contractor as a reason to withhold payment in respect
of those three payment claims/adjudication applications. It is difficult to
see how any of this could prejudice the public purse.

Conclusion on the correct interpretation of s 15(3) of the SOP Act

69 To summarise, I find that when the SOP Act is looked at from a broad
perspective with its object and purpose in mind, it is clear that Parliament
intended to limit the adjudication procedure to a single construction
contract. The Adjudicator’s decision on this point cannot be faulted, and it
is therefore unnecessary to address the further question of whether the (non-
existent) error by the Adjudicator to disallow CTP’s set-off arising from the
C933 contract amounted to an error as to jurisdiction or a breach of natural
justice.

Issue 2: Whether the Adjudicator breached s 17(3) of the SOP Act

70 CTP further argues that in finding that the cross-contract set-off should
be disregarded, the Adjudicator breached s 17(3) of the SOP Act.

71 Section 17(3) prescribes the scope of the adjudicator’s jurisdiction. It
reads:

(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application, an
adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

(a) the provisions of this Act;

(b) the provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application
relates;

(c) the payment claim to which the adjudication application relates, the
adjudication application, and the accompanying documents thereto;

(d) the payment response to which the adjudication application relates (if
any), the adjudication response (if any), and the accompanying documents
thereto;

(e) the results of any inspection carried out by the adjudicator of any matter
to which the adjudication relates;

(f) the report of any expert appointed to inquire on specific issues;

(g) the submissions and responses of the parties to the adjudication, and any
other information or document provided at the request of the adjudicator in
relation to the adjudication; and

(h) any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably considers to be relevant
to the adjudication.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

72 Sub-paragraphs (b) and (d) above are salient in these proceedings. CTP
argues that under s 17(3)(d), the Adjudicator must consider the payment
response and the adjudication response, and that he failed to do so as he had
indicated in the AD that he was constrained by s 17(3)(b).

73 Section 17(3)(b) clearly requires the adjudicator to focus on “the
provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application relates”. In
this case, that would be the T211 contract as the adjudication application was
lodged with the Singapore Mediation Centre by HRE on 11 January 2017. This
relates to Daywork Claim No 13 of the T211 contract. HRE did not lodge an
adjudication application for any payment claim pertaining to the C933
contract.

74 Under s 17(3)(d), the Adjudicator was required to consider CTP’s payment
response. The payment response and the adjudication response were focused
primarily on CTP’s belief that the purported false and fraudulent claims were
made and subsequently approved and paid to HRE under the C933 contract. Hence,
CTP wanted to withhold Daywork Claim No 13 of the T211 contract on the basis
that it was entitled to set off this claim against the payments that it
claimed to have wrongfully made under the C933 contract to HRE. CTP did not
deny that HRE was otherwise entitled to Daywork Claim No 13.

75 It stands to reason that although s 17(3)(d) requires an adjudicator to
consider a respondent’s payment response and adjudication response, that
directive is still subject to s 15(3), which concerns the kinds of withholding
reasons which may be raised and considered in an adjudication. Thus, if an
adjudicator considered a payment response and/or adjudication response (as
required under s 17(3)(d)) and found that it included matters which should not
be considered under s 15(3), he would then disregard those matters (but not
without having first directed his mind to whether they should properly be
considered).

76 In the present case, the Adjudicator had considered and comprehensively
summarised the various allegations of fraudulent claims postulated by CTP in
his adjudication deliberation (at [22]–[32] of the AD). However, the
Adjudicator also stated (at [49]) as follows:

The central issue in this [adjudication application] is whether under the SOP
Act, a respondent is entitled to set-off claims from a different contract
against monies due to a claimant under the contract to which the adjudication
relates. This issue must be determined first before consideration of the
merits of the set-off in respect of the C933 Project. At the adjudication
conference, both parties agreed that this was the first issue I had to decide.

77 In other words, the Adjudicator did consider the adjudication response and
the payment response. This does not necessarily mean that the Adjudicator had
to accept CPT’s contentions in those responses. The Adjudicator was right to
ascertain that the central issue was whether CTP was legally entitled to set-
off claims from a different contract against monies due to HRE under the
contract to which the adjudication relates.

78 Ultimately, the Adjudicator came to the decision that he had to reject the
allegations in the payment response and the adjudication response. He did so
on the combined basis of his interpretation of s 15(3) of the SOP Act (which,
as I earlier stated, is in my view correct) and the directive in s 17(3)(b) to
the adjudicator to focus on “the contract to which the adjudication
application relates”. Although the Adjudicator rightly recognised that he had
to also consider the payment response and adjudication response, he concluded
(at [59]) that:

… I do not think it was the intention of Parliament under s. 17(3)(b), that an
adjudicator should also consider a contract other than the construction
contract to which the adjudication relates, even if a respondent includes
documents relating to another contract(s) in its payment response. If it were
otherwise, there would be no end to the number of other contracts a respondent
can include in its payment response, as in the construction industry,
subcontractors often work for main contractors on several projects at a time
under different contracts.

Not only do I agree with the Adjudicator’s conclusion, I find that his
reasoning here clearly shows that he had properly considered the contents of
the payment response and adjudication response. His rejection of the
withholding reasons raised therein was thus a product of that proper
consideration.

Issue 3: Whether the allegations of fraud and unjust enrichment are made out

79 Finally, although CTP’s submissions comprehensively deal with the
allegations of fraud and unjust enrichment which CTP asserts resulted in a
total failure of consideration in the payment claims arising from the C933
contract, I do not consider it necessary to make any findings or observations
in that respect. Since I have ruled that the Adjudicator was right to confine
his deliberation to the T211 contract, it follows that the alleged fraud and
unjust enrichment regarding the C933 contract are immaterial, and it is not
necessary to consider the various issues (including whether there was in fact
fraud) relating to the purported wrong payment claims made under the C933
contract. If CTP wishes to pursue these allegations further, it is perfectly
entitled to do so in a separate action.

Conclusion

80 In summary, it is common in the construction industry for the same parties
to have several different contracts. If they were allowed to bring in any
contracts they pleased in an adjudication under the SOP Act, this would open
the floodgates to unchecked expansion of the scope of materials which must be
dealt with in an adjudication. In the worst case scenario, this may give rise
to unmanageable complexity, with numerous issues spanning several contracts
with different terms and conditions. The SOP Act would then no longer be
capable of providing a simple, low cost, efficient and quick resolution of
payment claims. In short, CTP’s proposed interpretation of the law could
potentially bring the industry back to the pre-SOP Act era of frequent delays
or non-payments with little practical recourse. Sub-contractors could find
themselves once again – to borrow the words of Menon CJ in W Y Steel ([22]
supra) (at [20]) – “held up by counterclaims and claims for set-offs that may
prove to be specious at the end of lengthy and expensive proceedings that have
to be undertaken in order to disentangle the knot of disputed claims and
cross-claims.” This cannot be the intention of Parliament. Instead, the
simplest, quickest procedure as stipulated by the SOP Act is to confine the
issues of payment claims to those arising in relation to a single construction
contract.

81 This should not be thought to work an injustice. The adjudication
determination is not the final determination of the parties’ rights. It
provides only temporary finality. CTP is at liberty to take a separate action
against HRE for the purported false and fraudulent claims in the C933
contract. It is also free to raise those claims as withholding reasons if HRE
makes a subsequent payment claim in relation to the C933 contract. In fact,
the issues relating to CTP’s claims in the C933 contract are diverse and
distinct from HRE’s payment claims under the T211 contract. It is only right
that CTP’s set-off claim should not be joined in the same action, as HRE’s
payment claim is straightforward and not disputed by CTP.

82 I therefore dismiss CTP’s application to set aside the AD.

83 I shall hear the parties on costs.

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Ho Chye Hoon and Fong Wei Li (KEL LLC) for the plaintiff in OS No 289/2017 and
the respondent in Summons No 1555/2017;  
Tan Tian Luh and Ngo Wei Shing (Wu Weishen)  
(Chancery Law Corporation) for the defendant in OS No 289/2017 and the
applicant in Summons No 1555/2017.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

