Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the republic of singapore

[2017] SGHC 248

Suit No 268 of 2017  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 176 of 2017)

Between

(1)| HARUN BIN SYED HUSSAIN ALJUNIED  
---|---  
(2)| SYED ABDULKADER BIN SYED ALI  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

(1)| ABDUL SAMAD BIN O K MOHAMED HANIFFA  
---|---  
(2)| O K MOHAMED HANIFFA BIN KADER MOHIDEEN  
(3)| HANIFFA PTE LTD  
  
… Defendants

GROUNDS OF DECISION

[Civil procedure] — [Pleadings] — [Striking out]

[Limitation of actions] — [When time begins to run]

[Equity] — [Defences] — [Laches]

[Land] — [Registration of title] — [Land Titles Act]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Harun bin Syed Hussain Aljunied and another

  

v

  

Abdul Samad bin O K Mohamed Haniffa and others

[2017] SGHC 248

High Court — Suit No 268 of 2017 (Registrar’s Appeal No 176 of 2017)  
Tan Siong Thye J  
22 August 2017

6 October 2017

Tan Siong Thye J:

Introduction

1 The subject matter of this appeal is the title to a property known as No 120
Dunlop Street (“the Property”). It is currently registered as an estate in fee
simple under the Certificate of Title Volume 375 Folio 136. The first
defendant has been the registered proprietor of the Property since 2001. 1

##### Foot Note 1

×

DBD, Tab 19.

In Summons No 1755 of 2017 (“SUM 1755”), the defendants applied to strike out
the plaintiffs’ statement of claim dated 27 March 2017 (as amended on 8 June
2017) under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2014 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”). 2

##### Foot Note 2

×

ABD, Tab 2.

The assistant registrar (“AR”) granted the application and struck out the
plaintiffs’ claim. The plaintiffs appealed against the AR’s decision.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I dismissed the appeal. The
plaintiffs have appealed against my decision. I now give my reasons.

Background

3 The parties agreed that in 1877, the Property was owned by one Kavena
Koonjan Chitty (“Kavena”). 3

##### Foot Note 3

×

PWS, para 8; DWS, para 12.

In 1879, Kavena conveyed the Property to one Jayna Ahna Navena Shedumbrum
Chitty (“Jayna”). 4

##### Foot Note 4

×

PWS, para 10; DWS, para 12.

Jayna conveyed the Property to one Syed Allowei bin Ally Aljunied (“Syed
Allowei”) in 1882, who in turn conveyed it to one Syed Ahmat bin Abdulrahman
bin Ahmat Aljunied (“Syed Ahmat”) in 1892. 5

##### Foot Note 5

×

PWS, paras 11-12.

Syed Ahmat passed away in 1894 and a trust was created according to his will
(“the Aljunied Trust”). The trustee of the Aljunied Trust was initially one
Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir Alhadad (“Syed Jafar”). 6

##### Foot Note 6

×

ABD, Tab 7, para 1.

He later relinquished his office to the first plaintiff in 1998. The second
plaintiff was appointed trustee in 2009. They brought this claim as trustees
of the Aljunied Trust. 7

##### Foot Note 7

×

PWS, paras 15-18.

4 In 1895, Kavena conveyed the “Estate in Fee Simple – free from encumbrances”
of the Property to several trustees of the Hindoo Temple Tank Road (“the
Hindoo Temple Trustees”). 8

##### Foot Note 8

×

PWS, para 20; DWS, para 12.

These trustees were replaced by new ones in 1975; the new trustees were
granted powers to sell and convey the Property to the second defendant for
$50,000 in 1977 by court order. 9

##### Foot Note 9

×

PWS, paras 22-23; DWS, para 6.

Later that year, in December 1977, the Hindoo Temple Trustees conveyed the
Property to the second defendant (“the 1977 conveyance”). 10

##### Foot Note 10

×

DWS, para 5.

The plaintiffs alleged that the 1977 conveyance was tainted by fraud since
both parties to the conveyance were advised by common solicitors, who did not
perform checks into the title history of the Property. If they had, then they
would have discovered Syed Ahmat’s interest. Accordingly, the plaintiffs
submitted that the 1977 conveyance was tainted by fraud as the parties
fraudulently transferred the Property even though they knew they did not have
title to it. 11

##### Foot Note 11

×

ABD, Tab 4, para 31.

The plaintiffs also alleged that Kavena had fraudulently transferred the
Property to the Hindoo Temple Trustees in 1895 as he had already conveyed the
Property to Jayna in 1879. 12

##### Foot Note 12

×

ABD, Tab 4, para 19.

5 In 1991, the second defendant brought the Property under the Land Titles Act
(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”). The Property was registered in the second
defendant’s name. 13

##### Foot Note 13

×

ABD, Tab 3, para 9.

In 1994, Syed Jafar, as trustee of the Aljunied Trust, lodged a caveat with
the Registrar of Titles and Deeds (“the Registrar”) alleging that the second
defendant’s title was a “wrong lodgement”. 14

##### Foot Note 14

×

DBD, Tab 5.

The Registrar conducted investigations and replied, disagreeing with Syed
Jafar. 15

##### Foot Note 15

×

DBD, Tab 7.

After some back-and-forth, Syed Jafar ceased communications with the Registrar
until 1997, when he brought up the same issue again. 16

##### Foot Note 16

×

DBD, Tab 14.

Again, the parties stopped corresponding after some time and no resolution was
reached.

6 In 2000, the second defendant transferred the Property to his son, the first
defendant, for a sum of $930,000 (“the 2000 conveyance”). When the transfer
occurred, the Registrar sent a letter to Syed Jafar dated 25 September 2001
(“the Registrar’s 2001 letter”), stating that the Registrar’s caveat would be
removed within 14 days if nothing was done to protect the caveated interest.
17

##### Foot Note 17

×

DBD, Tab 17.

Syed Jafar did not reply and so the caveat was withdrawn. The transfer
instrument between the second and first defendants was then registered in
2001. 18

##### Foot Note 18

×

DBD, Tab 19; ABD, Tab 3, para 7.

The plaintiffs again alleged that the 2000 conveyance was tainted by fraud for
the same reasons as the 1977 conveyance. 19

##### Foot Note 19

×

ABD, Tab 4, para 37.

7 On 27 March 2017, the plaintiffs, in their capacity as trustees of the
Aljunied Trust, issued a writ of summons against the defendants, seeking a
rectification of the land register in the Aljunied Trust’s favour. 20

##### Foot Note 20

×

DBD, Tab 20.

The defendants in turn filed SUM 1755 seeking to strike out the plaintiffs’
claim. The AR granted the striking-out application and the plaintiffs
appealed.

The AR’s decision

8 The AR struck out the plaintiffs’ claim. She first struck out the claim
against the third defendant because it was a company that had never any
interest in the Property. The plaintiffs’ counsel also accepted during the
hearing before the AR that the plaintiffs had no clear cause of action against
the third defendant. The AR therefore considered the action against the third
defendant to be unsustainable and struck it out. 21

##### Foot Note 21

×

Transcript of 4 July 2017, pp 3-4.

9 The AR also struck out the plaintiffs’ claim against the first and second
defendants on three grounds.

10 First, the claim was time-barred under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996
Rev Ed). The AR considered that s 29 of the Limitation Act applied. Section
29(1) provides that the limitation period for an action based on the
defendant’s fraud would not start to run until “the plaintiff has discovered
the fraud … or could with reasonable diligence have discovered it”.
Nonetheless, the AR found that the plaintiffs’ claim was time-barred because
the plaintiffs either discovered or could have discovered the alleged fraud
with reasonable diligence by 1994 at the latest.

11 This was because of the correspondence between Syed Jafar on the one hand,
and the Registrar and the second defendant on the other. The correspondence
showed that Syed Jafar had inquired with the Registrar about a “wrong
lodgement” of a certificate of title in favour of the second defendant. The
Registrar investigated and stated that the Property’s title did not vest in
Syed Ahmat. The lawyers of the Aljunied Trust wrote to the second defendant
informing him that proceedings would be commenced “immediately” to expunge the
certificate of title and to reclaim possession of the Property. Although the
plaintiffs alleged that they did not know about the correspondence, the AR
considered this irrelevant as the plaintiffs commenced the proceedings in
their capacity as trustees. Hence, Syed Jafar’s actions and knowledge were
also imputed to the plaintiffs, the present trustees and they could be taken
to have discovered the relevant facts in 1994. The time limitation under ss
9–10 of the Limitation Act for actions in relation to land interests is 12
years. The plaintiffs therefore had to commence the action by 2006, but they
did not. Accordingly, the claim was time-barred. 22

##### Foot Note 22

×

Transcript of 4 July 2017, pp 5-8.

12 Second, the AR also considered the claim barred by the defence of laches.
The AR considered evidence that a caveat lodged by the former trustees of the
Property against the Property in 1994 had been allowed to lapse. Further, at
the time of the 2000 conveyance, the Registrar’s 2001 letter gave Syed Jafar
notice that unless the Registrar heard from him within 14 days, the caveat
lodged by the Registrar would be withdrawn, and the transfer of the Property
from the second defendant to the first defendant would be registered (see [6]
above). Syed Jafar failed to respond. The Registrar’s caveat was hence
withdrawn and the first defendant was registered as the Property’s owner. The
plaintiffs did not explain their inaction and only referred to an affidavit by
Syed Jafar dated 29 May 2017 where he stated that he did not receive the
Registrar’s 2001 letter. The AR was not convinced and found that the defence
of laches applied because of the immense time delay. 23

##### Foot Note 23

×

Transcript of 4 July 2017, p 9.

13 Third, even if the claim was not time-barred and the defence of laches did
not apply, the AR held that the plaintiffs could not go behind the land
register to challenge the first defendant’s registered title. Since the
Property was regulated by the LTA, any challenges by the plaintiffs would need
to fall within one of the limbs of s 46(2) of the LTA. The plaintiffs relied
on s 46(2)(a), which required fraud “to which that proprietor or his agent was
a party or in which he or his agent colluded”. However, the AR found that
nothing in the plaintiffs’ evidence satisfactorily explained how the first
defendant or his agent was party to or colluded in any kind of fraud. Instead,
any fraudulent intention was on Kavena’s part, since he was the one who
transferred the Property a second time even after the first transfer to Jayna
was successful. Since the plaintiffs produced no evidence to link the alleged
fraud to the first defendant, s 46(2)(a) did not apply. 24

##### Foot Note 24

×

Transcript of 4 July 2017, pp 9-10.

14 Accordingly, the AR struck out the plaintiffs’ claim.

Parties’ submissions

Plaintiffs’ submissions

15 The plaintiffs’ overarching submissions were that there were numerous
triable legal and factual issues, such that their claim should proceed to
trial.

16 In relation to the Limitation Act issue, the plaintiffs relied on s 29 of
the Limitation Act for the proposition that the time for fraud could only
start to run when they discovered or could reasonably have discovered the
fraud. The plaintiffs submitted that they only knew of the relevant facts
after October 2012, when the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) commenced an
investigation regarding certain of their properties which raised the question
of whether the title in the Property belonged to the Aljunied Trust. 25

##### Foot Note 25

×

PWS, para 178.

The plaintiffs submitted that they had taken reasonable diligence but there
were no special circumstances to prompt them to inquire further prior to the
SLA’s investigations in 2012. 26

##### Foot Note 26

×

PWS, para 180.

17 In response to the AR’s reliance on the caveat lodged by Syed Jafar with
the Registrar in 1994 and the related correspondence, the plaintiffs submitted
that they did not know about the caveat because they did not have the relevant
documents. The documents were in Syed Jafar’s possession and had since been
destroyed, lost, or misplaced. The plaintiffs also did not receive the
Registrar’s 2001 letter. Hence, they had neither the knowledge nor the
opportunity to act on the caveat. 27

##### Foot Note 27

×

PWS, para 142.

The plaintiffs argued that although they bore the same office of trustee as
Syed Jafar, the duty to familiarise themselves with the trust property did not
oblige them to inquire whether Syed Jafar received any such letter by the
Registrar. The onus was on Syed Jafar as the outgoing trustee to bring the
letter to the plaintiffs’ attention. 28

##### Foot Note 28

×

PWS, para 144.

In any event, the plaintiffs contended that the court should accept Syed
Jafar’s affidavit dated 29 May 2017 as “final and conclusive” at the
interlocutory stage. 29

##### Foot Note 29

×

PWS, para 155.

In this affidavit, Syed Jafar stated that he was “not aware of and [had] no
knowledge of” the Registrar’s 2001 letter. Neither was the Registrar’s 2001
letter received by his company. 30

##### Foot Note 30

×

ABD, Tab 7, paras 5-6.

Hence, Syed Jafar had no knowledge of the alleged fraud which could be imputed
to the plaintiffs as trustees.

18 The plaintiffs submitted that if they had known about the caveat, they
would have applied for its extension and prevented the Property from being
registered under the LTA. 31

##### Foot Note 31

×

PWS, para 166.

Since a caveat is no more than a “statutory injunction to keep the property in
status quo until the court has an opportunity of discovery [sic] what the
rights of the parties are”, the plaintiffs should now be given the chance to
invoke the court’s assistance since they were not able to do so as they were
unaware of the alleged fraud. 32

##### Foot Note 32

×

PWS, paras 174-175.

19 In relation to the issue of fraud under s 46(2)(a) of the LTA, the
plaintiffs argued that the defendants’ title was defeated by fraud because
both Kavena 33

##### Foot Note 33

×

PWS, paras 48-50.

and the defendants knew that Kavena and the second defendant possessed no good
title to transfer.

20 In response to the AR’s finding that the defendants were not party to any
fraud, the plaintiffs submitted that the defendants were wilfully blind to the
fraud that permeated the conveyances. They submitted that the first defendant
(the current registered proprietor) should have made further inquiries about
the Hindoo Temple Trustees’ previous conveyances, since the 1977 conveyance
was assisted by the same solicitors on both sides. Further, the first
defendant was the lessee of the neighbouring plots of land, such as 116 and
118 Dunlop Street. Thus, the first defendant knew or ought to have known that
the plaintiffs were the owners of these neighbouring plots of land (pursuant
to the conveyances set out at [3] above). Accordingly, the defendants ought to
have known and inquired about the fact that the defendants’ disputed title to
the Property did not derive from a conveyance by either the plaintiffs or the
plaintiffs’ predecessors. Even though the first defendant’s title was not
directly conveyed by the Hindoo Temple Trustees, the plaintiffs argued that
the first defendant should still be taken to have knowledge of the 1977
conveyance: “since the [first defendant] is the son of the [second defendant],
the [first defendant] ought to have knowledge from his father”, the previous
owner of the Property. 34

##### Foot Note 34

×

PWS, paras 197-201.

The plaintiffs also submitted that the first defendant was a
“proxy/nominee/agent” of the second defendant since both defendants had the
“common intention” to obtain the Property and the consideration paid under the
2000 conveyance was derived from a source commonly owned by both defendants.
Hence both defendants were said to be party or privy to the fraud tainting the
1977 conveyance. 35

##### Foot Note 35

×

PWS, paras 206-215.

21 The plaintiffs contended that since there was fraud, the court could
rectify the land register under s 160 of the LTA 36

##### Foot Note 36

×

PWS, paras 67-68.

to reflect the plaintiffs’ common law title to the Property which was separate
and distinct from the title under the LTA. They submitted that this title was
“an equitable one” which existed independently from any other interest,
including the title under the LTA, and therefore required a disposition in
writing before the Property could be transferred (s 7(2) of the Civil Law Act
(Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)). As there was no such disposition in writing, the
Property’s common law title still remained with the plaintiffs. 37

##### Foot Note 37

×

PWS, paras 53-61.

Hence, rectification was still possible.

Defendants’ submissions

22 The defendants submitted that as the registered proprietor with an
unqualified title to the Property, the first defendant’s title to the Property
is indefeasible. 38

##### Foot Note 38

×

DWS, para 34.

Since the Property has been recorded in the land register since 2001, the
plaintiffs could no longer rely on an unregistered interest to claim a
proprietary right over the Property. 39

##### Foot Note 39

×

DWS, para 37.

This is equally the case even if the registered proprietor’s registration was
based on a void instrument. 40

##### Foot Note 40

×

DWS, para 51.

23 The defendants accepted that s 46(2)(a) is one exception to indefeasibility
but submitted that there was no fraud or forgery which the first defendant or
his agent were party to or colluded in. 41

##### Foot Note 41

×

DWS, para 47.

Even if the plaintiffs could establish that Kavena’s conveyances were tainted
by fraud in the sense that Kavena transferred the Property a second time
knowing that he no longer had title to transfer, this would not establish any
wrongdoing by the first defendant. 42

##### Foot Note 42

×

DWS, para 55.

Any omission to make inquiries relating to the Hindoo Temple Trustees’
transactions was mere negligence and did not amount to fraud under the LTA. 43

##### Foot Note 43

×

DWS, paras 56-59.

Having slept on their rights and allowed the first defendant to take an
unqualified title to the Property, the plaintiffs could not now assert any
interest. 44

##### Foot Note 44

×

DWS, para 74.

24 In any case, the defendants also argued that the plaintiffs’ action was
barred by the Limitation Act and the defence of laches. In relation to the
Limitation Act, the defendants said that since the plaintiffs only commenced
the present proceedings on 27 March 2017, their claim fell outside the time
period of 12 years for land-related claims. The defendants relied on the same
correspondence in 1993-1994 as the AR relied on to show that the trustees of
the Aljunied Trust had known about the second defendant’s registered interest.
45

##### Foot Note 45

×

DWS, paras 86-87.

They submitted that in law, the knowledge or acts of former trustees bind
subsequent trustees, ie, the plaintiffs, relying on the Court of Appeal
decision in Abdul Jalil bin Ahmad bin Talib and others v A Formation
Construction Pte Ltd [2007] 3 SLR(R) 592 (“Abdul Jalil”) at [49]–[50]. Hence,
the plaintiffs’ actual knowledge of the correspondence was irrelevant. 46

##### Foot Note 46

×

DWS, paras 95-96; DBOA, Tab 4.

In any event, the plaintiffs could have discovered the fact that the
defendants were the registered proprietors of the Property before 2012 with
reasonable diligence since it was a simple matter of conducting a search with
the land registry. 47

##### Foot Note 47

×

DWS, para 99.

25 In terms of laches, the defendants relied on the Registrar’s 2001 letter
and said that there were “multiple opportunities” for the plaintiffs to bring
an action or lodge a caveat at an earlier stage, but they failed to do so.
This prejudiced the defendants’ case because it deprived them of witnesses and
material evidence from the conveyance in 1895, which was the plaintiffs’ main
claim. 48

##### Foot Note 48

×

DWS, paras 113-114.

26 Accordingly, the defendants submitted that the plaintiffs’ claim was
unsustainable and was doomed to fail. 49

##### Foot Note 49

×

DWS, para 120.

The court’s decision

Issues

27 There were three issues for the court’s decision, which corresponded to the
three grounds for the AR’s decision:

(a) whether the claim was time-barred by the Limitation Act;

(b) even if the claim was not time-barred under statute, whether the defence
of laches nevertheless applied; and

(c) on the merits of the case, whether the plaintiffs could challenge the
first defendant’s indefeasible title under s 46(2)(a) of the LTA.

I shall address each issue in turn. But before I do so, I must emphasise that
this is not a case where the plaintiffs must prove their case on a balance of
probabilities. Since the defendants sought to strike out the plaintiffs’
claim, the threshold that the plaintiffs needed to satisfy was much lower. I
shall therefore briefly set out the principles which govern striking out
before I turn to each of the three issues.

The legal principles applicable to striking out

28 Striking out is a draconian order that prevents the plaintiffs from even
going to trial to attempt to prove their case. Hence, the limited
circumstances where a claim can be struck out are set out in O 18 r 19(1) of
the ROC as follows:

Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)

19.—(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading … on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

…

The defendants in SUM 1755 relied on grounds (a), (b), and (d). 50

##### Foot Note 50

×

ABD, Tab 2, p 1.

29 A reasonable cause of action under O 18 r 19(1)(a) was defined by the Court
of Appeal in Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and
others [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 (“Gabriel Peter”) 51

##### Foot Note 51

×

ABOA, Tab G.

at [21] as one that has some chance of success when only the allegations in
the pleading are considered. As long as the statement of claim discloses some
cause of action or raises a question that is fit to be decided at trial, then
the mere fact that the case is weak and unlikely to succeed is not enough
grounds to strike it out.

30 In relation to whether a claim is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious, the
Court of Appeal in The “Bunga Melati 5” [2012] 4 SLR 546 52

##### Foot Note 52

×

DBOA, Tab 16.

confirmed at [39] that O 18 r 19(1)(b) can be found in two ways. First, the
claim can be struck out on this ground if it is legally unsustainable in the
sense that the plaintiff would not get the relief sought even if he succeeded
in proving all the facts that he alleges. Second and alternatively, the claim
can also be struck out if it is factually unsustainable: where it is clear
beyond question that the statement of facts is contradicted by all the
documents or materials on which it is based.

31 Finally, a claim is considered as an abuse of the court’s process under O
18 r 19(1)(d) when it makes improper use of the court’s machinery. Although
the categories for such conduct are not closed, one of the paradigm examples
of an abuse of process is that of bringing a claim for a collateral purpose
(Gabriel Peter at [22]).

32 With these principles in mind, I now turn to each of the three issues.

Whether the claim was time-barred by the Limitation Act

33 The plaintiffs asked the court to rectify the land register under s 160 of
the LTA. To succeed in this course of action, the plaintiffs’ claim must not
be barred by the Limitation Act.

34 As I shall later explain, I found that there was no fraud or mistake in
this case as the plaintiffs’ allegations were no more than bare assertions.
Hence, the applicable limitation provision is s 9(1) of the Limitation Act,
which deals with actions to recover land. Section 9(1) provides as follows:

Limitation of actions to recover land

9.—(1) No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after the
expiration of 12 years from the date on which the right of action accrued to
him, or, if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims, to that
person.

35 In order to determine whether the plaintiffs’ cause of action was time-
barred, ie, whether the 12-year period had expired, I had to ascertain when
the right of action started to accrue to the plaintiffs. Section 10(1) of the
Limitation Act then became relevant:

Accrual of right of action in case of present interests in land

10.—(1) Where the person bringing an action to recover land or some person
through whom he claims has been in possession thereof and has, whilst entitled
thereto, been dispossessed or discontinued his possession, the right of action
shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the dispossession or
discontinuance.

36 Under s 9(1) read with s 10(1), time started to run on the date of the
dispossession, which was when the right of action was “deemed to have
accrued”. This would be on 6 September 1895 when Kavena conveyed the Property
to the Hindoo Temple Trustees. Kavena had already conveyed the Property to
Jayna in 1879 who had in turn conveyed it to Syed Allowei in 1882 who then
conveyed it to Syed Ahmat in 1892. Hence, it was Kavena’s subsequent
conveyance to the Hindoo Temple Trustees that would have “dispossessed” the
land from its rightful owners. Accordingly, the 12-year limit would have
elapsed by 1907. The claim is now more than 100 years over the limitation
period.

37 However, as I noted earlier, the plaintiffs claimed that the defendants
participated in or knew of certain fraudulent conveyances. Even assuming that
the plaintiffs’ case of fraud was made out, their action would still have been
time-barred. The relevant portions of s 29 of the Limitation Act provide as
follows:

Postponement of limitation period in case of fraud or mistake

29.—(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

(c) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake,

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

(2) Nothing in this section shall enable any action to be brought to recover,
or enforce any charge against, or set aside any transaction affecting, any
property which —

(a) in the case of fraud, has been purchased for valuable consideration by a
person who was not a party to the fraud and did not at the time of the
purchase know or have reason to believe that any fraud had been committed; or

(b) in the case of mistake, has been purchased for valuable consideration,
subsequently to the transaction in which the mistake was made, by a person who
did not know or have reason to believe that the mistake had been made.

38 Assuming there was fraud, the time period began to run when the plaintiffs
had either “discovered” the fraud or “could with reasonable diligence have
discovered it”. I agreed with the AR and found that the plaintiffs either knew
about the fraud or should have discovered it with reasonable diligence in
1994, which means that its claim was time-barred from 2006.

39 The plaintiffs’ own position, as stated in their amended statement of
claim, was that Syed Jafar was the trustee of the Aljunied Trust until 1998,
when one Sharifah Fatimah Binte Abdul Kader Aljunied and the first plaintiff
were appointed as trustees by a court order dated 10 February 1998. 53

##### Foot Note 53

×

DBCP, Tab 3, p 4, para 11.

While Syed Jafar was still trustee, he corresponded with the Registrar a
number of times as follows:

(a) On 2 December 1993, Syed Jafar wrote to the Registrar in the capacity of
the trustee of the Aljunied Trust. He said that as the “legal owners” of the
Property, the Aljunied Trust was seeking rectification of the “wrong
lodgement” of title. 54

##### Foot Note 54

×

DBD, Tab 5.

The Registrar did not reply and Syed Jafar wrote a follow-up letter on 14
December 1993 requesting for an acknowledgement. 55

##### Foot Note 55

×

DBD, Tab 6.

(b) On 5 January 1994, the Registrar replied, stating that “[our]
investigation into the title to the [Property] does not show the vesting of
the title in [Syed Ahmat], deceased”. 56

##### Foot Note 56

×

DBD, Tab 7.

(c) On 10 January 1994, Syed Jafar replied to the Registrar and “disagree[d]
with [the Registrar’s] findings”. Syed Jafar referred to the history of the
Property and a copy of his search of the Registry of Deeds which, in his view,
showed that the land vested in Syed Ahmat. 57

##### Foot Note 57

×

DBD, Tab 8.

In other words, Syed Jafar would have shown the Registrar all the evidence
available to him at that point in time in a bid to convince the Registrar that
the latter was wrong.

(d) On 14 February 1994, the Registrar replied and maintained its position
that the title to the Property did not vest in Syed Ahmat. The Registrar
explained that the Registry of Deeds was obliged to register deeds presented
to it as long as the deeds complied with the formal requirements. In other
words, the fact that Syed Jafar’s search of the Registry of Deeds disclosed
deeds registering Syed Ahmat’s interest against the parcel of land where the
Property was situated did not mean that title in the Property had in fact
vested in Syed Ahmat. The Registrar’s investigations into transactions prior
to Syed Ahmat’s death showed that the Property did not vest in Syed Ahmat. 58

##### Foot Note 58

×

DBD, Tab 9.

(e) On 18 November 1994, the lawyers of the trustees of the Aljunied Trust
wrote to the second defendant, who was then the registered owner of the
Property, stating that “[p]roceedings will be commenced immediately to expunge
the Certifecate [sic] of Title (Vol 375, Folio 136) from the Register and to
reclaim possession of the property, by our clients”. 59

##### Foot Note 59

×

DBD, Tab 11.

However, no proceedings were commenced.

40 The above correspondence shows that Syed Jafar – on behalf of the office of
the trustee of the Aljunied Trust – did know about the second defendant’s
registration, and sought to take action against the second defendant to
“expunge” the title from the Registry.

41 But instead of taking any such legal action, Syed Jafar lodged a caveat
against the Property on 13 December 1994. The Registrar duly notified the
second defendant of Syed Jafar’s caveat on 31 December 1994. 60

##### Foot Note 60

×

DBD, Tab 13.

Although no action was taken, Syed Jafar confirmed to the land registry again
in a letter dated 28 January 1997 that he still maintained the position that
the second defendant had “no title whatsoever”. Syed Jafar again reiterated
that the trust would “in due course commence proceeding to reclaim possession
of the property”. 61

##### Foot Note 61

×

DBD, Tab 14.

The Registrar replied on 4 February 1997 asking to be kept up to date about
the status of the action. 62

##### Foot Note 62

×

DBD, Tab 15.

42 It appears that no action was ever commenced. Eventually, the second
defendant transferred the Property to the first defendant on 3 October 2000.
63

##### Foot Note 63

×

DBD, Tab 16.

The Registrar then followed this up with the Registrar’s 2001 letter,
referring to its last letter of 4 February 1997, to which there was no reply.
The Registrar gave notice to Syed Jafar that unless it heard from Syed Jafar
within 14 days, the Registrar’s caveat would be withdrawn. The letter was
copied to the first defendant. 64

##### Foot Note 64

×

DBD, Tab 17.

When no reply was forthcoming, the Registrar withdrew the caveat on 12 October
2001. 65

##### Foot Note 65

×

DBD, Tab 18.

The transfer to the first defendant was then registered on the same date free
of encumbrances. 66

##### Foot Note 66

×

DBD, Tab 19.

43 I have set out this sequence of events in some detail because it shows two
things. First, it shows that Syed Jafar was all along aware of the second
defendant’s initial claim to the Property, and the first defendant’s
subsequent claim to the Property during the 2000 conveyance. Second, Syed
Jafar did not object on grounds that, for instance, he had to investigate
further. Rather, he already knew the grounds of his objection and was prepared
to begin proceedings to vindicate Syed Ahmat’s interest. But he did not. Syed
Jafar sat on his hands despite his own assertion that he would begin
proceedings. The estate could not be allowed to revive his wish to commence
proceedings more than 20 years later.

44 The plaintiffs’ argument against this chain of events was twofold. First,
they asserted that Syed Jafar did not receive the Registrar’s 2001 letter.
Syed Jafar stated this in his affidavit dated 29 May 2017, 67

##### Foot Note 67

×

ABD, Tab 7, paras 5-6.

where he explained that the Registrar’s 2001 letter was not received by his
company because the company’s address had changed from the address stated in
the caveat he had filed. No documentary evidence was attached to Syed Jafar’s
affidavit to support this claim. More importantly, it was incumbent on Syed
Jafar to provide an accurate address and update his address if there were
changes so that he would be contactable by the Registrar. The Registrar could
only proceed on the basis that the address stated on the caveat was the
accurate one. Hence, I did not accept Syed Jafar’s convenient explanation that
he did not receive the Registrar’s 2001 letter. Even if he did not have actual
sight of the letter, this was due to his own fault and should not be held
against the Registrar. Furthermore, Syed Jafar officially informed the second
defendant and the Registrar on 18 November 1994 that he would immediately take
action to expunge the second defendant from the land register but no action
was taken thereafter. Syed Jafar should have expected a follow-up inquiry from
the Registrar, as the Registrar had previously informed him to update the land
registry on the outcome of the impending action due to the outstanding caveat
lodged with the registry.

45 To persuade the court to accept Syed Jafar’s explanation in his affidavit,
the plaintiffs referred the court to Soh Lup Chee and others v Seow Boon Cheng
and another [2002] 1 SLR(R) 604 (“Soh Lup Chee”) 68

##### Foot Note 68

×

ABOA, Tab U.

for the proposition that at the interlocutory stage, the court should accept a
party’s affidavit as final and conclusive, at least until the trial. In that
case, the first defendant’s counsel had argued that an affidavit verifying a
list of documents for discovery should be taken as conclusive. Choo Han Teck
JC (as he then was) stated at [9] that:

… I must agree with counsel that generally, such affidavits cannot be
contravened by other contentious affidavits and shall not be subject to cross-
examination. The reasons for this, as Stuart-Smith LJ pointed out in Lonrho
plc v Fayed (No 3) The Times (24 June 1993), are plain. Affidavits raised in
such circumstances do not address the issues for trial and whether the
deponent is truthful or not in respect of the discovery of documents he might
still persuade the trial judge of the merits of his case through other
evidence. … It should be noted that Mr Khoo [ie, the plaintiffs’ counsel] had
accepted from the outset that he was not seeking a cross-examination of the
first defendant.

46 Choo JC said that the contents of the affidavit could generally be accepted
before the trial. He did not say that this rule would apply in every case,
whether the affidavit is filed for a pre-trial matter or as evidence to be
tested at trial. There are differences between Soh Lup Chee and this case. The
reason why the affidavits in Soh Lup Chee could be taken at its face value was
because they were filed for pre-trial matters and were not subject to cross-
examination. In this case, whether Syed Jafar had received the Registrar’s
2001 letter goes directly to the issue of whether he had the knowledge of the
Registrar’s 2001 letter. This is not a pre-trial issue and instead has to do
with the evidence that will subsequently be adduced at trial to prove the
plaintiffs’ claim. Hence, unlike the court in Soh Lup Chee, I could not accept
this affidavit at its face value. Syed Jafar’s explanation was self-serving
and conveniently shifted the blame to the Registrar for his own failure to
update his address in the land registry.

47 The second plank of the plaintiffs’ argument was that even if Syed Jafar
knew or should have known of the Registrar’s 2001 letter, Syed Jafar’s
knowledge should not be imputed to the plaintiffs since the trustees had
changed in 1998 and later in 2009. The plaintiffs cited no authority for this
proposition. In contrast, the defendants relied on the case of Abdul Jalil
(supra [24]) for the proposition that subsequent trustees are bound by the
acts of previous trustees. In Abdul Jalil, the previous trustees of a trust
had entered into lease agreements with the respondent. Eventually the sole
trustee that remained claimed rent arrears from the respondent. The sole
trustee later waived the rent, and thereafter appointed the appellants as the
new trustees. When the appellants discovered the sole trustee’s waiver, they
commenced proceedings challenging the sole trustee’s power to do so. One of
the issues facing the Court of Appeal was whether the appellants were estopped
from claiming the rent due to the sole trustee’s waiver. The appellants argued
that they could not be bound by a waiver represented by the previous sole
trustee’s solicitors, who were not acting for the appellants. The Court of
Appeal dismissed this argument at [50]:

In our view, these arguments have no merit. If the waiver was binding on the
sole trustee and the trust, it was binding on the appellants who are the
successor trustees of the trust.

48 The Court of Appeal could not have been clearer and I adopted this
statement of the law. Syed Jafar was not engaging the Registrar in
correspondence in his personal capacity but in his capacity as trustee. The
plaintiffs brought this claim not in their personal capacities but in their
capacities as trustees. Syed Jafar’s acts qua trustee bound the plaintiffs qua
trustees.

49 Accordingly, I found that the trustees of the Aljunied Trust (previously
Syed Jafar, but now the plaintiffs) knew about the second defendant’s claim to
the Property and about the purported fraud because Syed Jafar threatened to
commence proceedings in 1994. Hence, even if the plaintiffs’ case on fraud
were made out, the limitation period would have started to run from 1994. More
than 12 years have passed since then and the claim was time-barred. Hence, I
found that even if the plaintiffs were able to prove all the facts that they
alleged – ie, the facts pertaining to the alleged fraud – their case would
still be legally unsustainable as it fell afoul of the Limitation Act.

50 Finally, the plaintiffs had made an oblique reference to the possibility of
the conveyances being obtained by mistake in their written submissions,
although the plaintiffs’ counsel said that this was “not the main thrust” of
their arguments at the hearing before me. 69

##### Foot Note 69

×

NE, 22 August 2017, p 74, line 24.

I will address this briefly for completeness. Under s 29 of the Limitation
Act, if there was a mistake in a conveyances, time also does not begin to run
until the plaintiff has discovered or could have with reasonable diligence
discovered the mistake. However, the plaintiffs adduced no evidence to suggest
that the conveyances to the defendants were as a result of any mistake. In any
event, the plaintiffs would also have discovered any mistake in the title by
1994, when the then-trustee lodged the caveat.

51 Accordingly, I affirmed AR’s decision and struck out the plaintiffs’ claim
on this ground.

Whether the defence of laches applied

52 Even if the plaintiffs’ claim were not time-barred under the Limitation
Act, the claim would still have failed due to the defence of laches.

53 Before I answer the question of whether the defence of laches applied, a
preliminary point that neither the AR nor the parties addressed in detail is
whether the Limitation Act’s presence precludes the defence of laches from
applying. On the one hand, s 32 of the Limitation Act appears to provide that
the defence of laches can still apply. Section 32 states:

Acquiescence

32\. Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse
relief on the ground of acquiescence, laches or otherwise.

54 However, a more qualified position appears to have been taken in UAM v UAN
and another [2017] SGHCF 10 (“UAM”). 70

##### Foot Note 70

×

DBOA, Tab 21.

In that case, Valerie Thean JC considered the question of whether the defence
of laches could apply to probate proceedings in which a son was asking the
court to affirm a will made in 1981 by his mother and declare invalid a
contrary will made in 1980. Thean JC, after going through the authorities,
noted at [100] that the authorities seemed to suggest that “an equitable
defence of laches has no application in a case where a legal remedy was sought
to enforce a legal right, and where a statutory limitation period applied”
[emphasis in original]. However, Thean JC also eventually noted that the Court
of Appeal in previous cases had “declined to express any conclusive view on
whether the doctrine of laches is applicable to a common [law] claim … and
left this issue to a future court for determination” [emphasis in original].

55 I am of the view that the defence of laches could operate in this case.
Section 32 of the Limitation Act suggests that whether the defence of laches
could apply does not turn solely on whether a statutory limitation applies.
Otherwise, s 32 would be otiose. Rather, as the Court of Appeal noted in eSys
Technologies Pte Ltd v nTan Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd [2013] 2 SLR 1200 at
[37]–[38] (which Thean JC cited in UAM at [100]), there is an additional
question of whether the plaintiffs were asserting a common law claim or an
equitable claim. In the present case, however, neither party disputed that the
defence of laches could be applicable. I shall therefore proceed on the basis
that it applies and shall now explain how I found that the defence of laches
applied even if the claim was not time-barred.

56 In relation to the defence of laches, the applicable legal principles were
not in dispute and have been recently summarised succinctly by the Court of
Appeal in Chng Weng Wah v Goh Bak Heng [2016] 2 SLR 464 (“Chng Weng Wah”) at
[44], which referred to a long string of previous local jurisprudence to this
effect:

… Laches is a doctrine of equity. It is properly invoked where essentially
there has been a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances where it
would be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the party has by
his conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as equivalent to a waiver
thereof; or, where by his conduct and neglect he had, though perhaps not
waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation in which it would
not be reasonable to place him, if the remedy were afterwards to be asserted …
This is a broad-based inquiry and it would be relevant to consider the length
of delay before the claim was brought, the nature of the prejudice said to be
suffered by the defendant, as well as any element of unconscionability in
allowing the claim to be enforced …

57 In Chng Weng Wah, the parties initially shared a close relationship but
later fell out. While they were still working closely together, the parties
bought some shares but these shares were held solely by the appellant. When
the parties fell out, the respondent commenced proceedings seeking an account
of the shares and the sale proceeds from them. The Court of Appeal found that
the doctrine of laches applied and barred the respondent’s claim. The court
noted that the delay was some ten to 13 years (depending on which party’s case
was to be taken) and this delay occurred after the parties had essentially
come to a stalemate. In correspondence during the period of delay, the
respondent merely restated his allegations without attempting to provide
further evidence. After the correspondence, the respondent did not commence
legal proceedings. The court found that the long silence made it “reasonable
for [the appellant] to believe that the matter [was] over” (at [51]). This was
even more significant considering that the claim would primarily have to be
based on the parties’ recollections, since this was an internal share purchase
during a period when the parties shared a close relationship, worked on the
basis of trust, and therefore limited their formal documentation. The loss of
evidence, primarily in the form of the appellant’s ability to recall events,
amplified the prejudice of the delay in commencing proceedings (at [54] and
[59]).

58 With this in mind, I turn now to the present case. Essentially, I had to
decide whether the plaintiffs’ conduct coupled with the extensive lapse of
time prejudiced the defendants to such an extent that it would be unfair to
ask the defendants to defend against the claim now.

59 I first ascertained when the delay began. In Mahidon Nichiar bte Mohd Ali
and others v Dawood Sultan Kamaldin [2015] 5 SLR 62, 71

##### Foot Note 71

×

DBOA, Tab 13.

the Court of Appeal noted at [126] that it is “important to ascertain when the
Appellants realised the true manner in which the Property was being held
because that is the reference point from which any delay on their part in
bringing their claim against [the respondent] must be assessed”. In this case,
the relevant time when the plaintiffs became aware of the true state of
affairs, in the light of the correspondence between the trustees of the
Aljunied Trust and the Registrar, was 1994. The proceedings were brought in
2017, which is a delay of 23 years.

60 Having ascertained the delay in this case, I considered whether the delay
occasioned any prejudice to the defendants. The defendants relied on UAM for
the proposition that the plaintiffs’ inaction in commencing the proceedings
prejudiced their ability to give evidence. This was especially prejudicial for
witnesses relying on their personal knowledge of the relevant events. In UAM,
Thean JC found that if the defence was available it would have been made out
on the facts, for the following reasons (at [104]):

… I am satisfied that it would be unconscionable to allow the plaintiff to
pursue his claim based on the length of the delay and of the plaintiff’s
inaction in pronouncing the 1981 Will that he had since the demise of the
mother in 1986. Nothing precluded him from doing so and he has not put forth
any satisfactory explanation. Contrary to his assertions, his ability to prove
the 1981 Will is in no way contingent upon knowledge of the 1980 Will. … [T]he
delay here greatly prejudices the defendants in their ability to defend the
claim because it has deprived the defendants of direct evidence of the
witnesses with personal knowledge of the circumstances surrounding the
execution of the 1981 Will. The solicitors who prepared and witnessed the
execution of the 1981 Will have no recollection of the events at the material
time, and the physical file opened for the 1981 Will is also no longer in
their possession. With regard to the contentions regarding the validity of the
1980 Will, the passing of the brother also prejudices the defendants. Material
evidence is no longer available with the passing of almost three decades since
the mother’s death and a decade since the brother’s.

61 I agreed with the defendants that similar considerations were present in
this case. The trustees of the Aljunied Trust, albeit not the plaintiffs
personally, had the information necessary to commence the present proceedings
since 1994. In fact, the then-trustee, Syed Jafar, had indicated to all the
parties involved that he wanted to begin proceedings. The Registrar and the
second defendant were notified about this intention. So when Syed Jafar took
no action not only in 1994 after a series of correspondence but again in 1997
after another exchange of letters, it was reasonable for the second defendant
to believe that the trustees of the Aljunied Trust were no longer interested
in pursuing the claim. This was similar to the situation in Chng Weng Wah.
This position was later confirmed by the fact that the trustees allowed its
caveat and the Registrar’s caveat to lapse.

62 Further, similar to the situation in UAM, no cogent explanation was offered
to explain the delay. The plaintiffs said that it was only in 2010 when they
started the conversion of their properties (including properties unrelated to
the present claim) to the Torrens system. It was only when they received a
reply from the SLA in 2012 that they realised that there was an issue with the
Property. I could not accept this explanation as the plaintiffs were bound by
the knowledge of the previous trustee, Syed Jafar. It cannot be that every
time a trust appoints a new trustee or replaces the previous trustees that the
time – whether for limitation periods or for delays – starts to run again
because the new trustees need to be re-apprised of the situation. Rather, the
responsibility lies with the office of the trustee and whoever has been
appointed to properly take over the knowledge and documents of the previous
trustee.

63 The unexplained delay by the plaintiffs caused significant prejudice to the
defendants. Like UAM where the witnesses with direct evidence of the events
have been deprived of their personal recollection, the witnesses here were
clearly prejudiced in terms of their ability to recall what happened regarding
the conveyances which the plaintiffs claimed were tainted by fraud. And
similar to Chng Weng Wah, the prejudice in this case was amplified because the
claim was based primarily on the parties’ recollection. Since the cause of
action is fraud, the oral evidence of the parties who were present at the
conveyances is of particular importance in allowing the court to ascertain
their state of mind. The same applied to the defendants’ evidence, which the
plaintiffs would have needed to test in order to establish their claim that
the defendants could have checked the Property for prior encumbrances at the
time of the 1977 conveyance, but did not. These were issues which the
documents did not reveal and which required oral evidence. Accordingly, I was
satisfied that applying the doctrine of laches, the plaintiffs’ own
unexplained delay resulted in a loss of the defendants’ evidence, prejudicing
their ability to conduct their defence.

64 Hence, I also found that the plaintiffs’ contentions in relation to the
defence of laches were also legally unsustainable and I therefore struck out
the plaintiffs’ claim.

Whether fraud under s 46(2)(a) of the LTA is present to displace the first
defendant’s indefeasible title

65 Even if the plaintiffs’ claim was not time-barred or barred by the defence
of laches, I would have found that there was no reasonable cause of action
disclosed as regards the claim to defeat the first defendant’s title on
account of fraud under s 46(2)(a) of the LTA.

66 The starting point is s 46 of the LTA. Although the plaintiffs relied only
on the fraud exception in s 46(2)(a), it will first be useful to set out some
of the other provisions which set s 46(2)(a) in its proper context:

Estate of proprietor paramount

46.—(1) Notwithstanding —

(a) the existence in any other person of any estate or interest, whether
derived by grant from the State or otherwise, which but for this Act might be
held to be paramount or to have priority;

…

any person who becomes the proprietor of registered land, whether or not he
dealt with a proprietor, shall hold that land free from all encumbrances,
liens, estates and interests except such as may be registered or notified in
the land-register, but subject to …

(2) Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and remedies
of any person —

(a) to have the registered title of a proprietor defeated on the ground of
fraud or forgery to which that proprietor or his agent was a party or in which
he or his agent colluded;

…

(3) Nothing in this section shall confer on a proprietor claiming otherwise
than as a purchaser any better title than was held by his immediate
predecessor.

67 Although the plaintiffs relied on s 160 of the LTA to seek rectification of
the land register, s 160 does not provide any additional grounds other than
what is already found within s 46(2). The relevant portions of s 160 provide:

Rectification of land-register by court

160.—(1) Subject to subsection (2), the court may order rectification of the
land-register by directing that any registration be cancelled or amended in
any of the following cases:

…

(b) where the court is satisfied that any registration or notification of an
instrument has been obtained through fraud, omission or mistake; or

…

(2) The land-register shall not be rectified so as to affect the registered
estate or interest of a proprietor who is in possession unless that proprietor
is a party or privy to the omission, fraud or mistake in consequence of which
rectification is sought, or has caused that omission, fraud or mistake or
substantially contributed thereto by his act, neglect or default.

…

68 The plaintiffs’ reference to s 160 (in particular, s 160(1)(b)) of the LTA
did not broaden the fraud exception in s 46(2)(a), nor did it make it any
easier for the plaintiffs to establish. The Court of Appeal in United Overseas
Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad [2006] 4 SLR(R) 884 (“Bebe”) 72

##### Foot Note 72

×

DBOA, Tab 22.

made this clear in the following passages after going through a detailed
analysis of the parliamentary debates relating to s 160. The court said at
[50]–[51] that:

50 … we should read s 160(1)(b) as stating the consequences that are to flow
from any fraud, omission or mistake of the party who obtained the registration
of the instrument. Section 160(1)(b) provides the means to rectify the land-
register on the ground of fraud, omission or mistake that may be referable to
the acts of the registered proprietor coming within the exceptions to s 46(2)
of the LTA.

51 The construction we have given to s 160(1)(b) disposes of the argument … as
to whether the fraud contemplated by s 160(1)(b) could refer to the fraud of
any person. …

In other words, s 160 only gives the power to rectify the land register. The
grounds for doing so are provided by s 46(2) alone.

69 Turning to s 46(2), the general approach towards a challenge under this
section was summarised by the Court of Appeal in Loo Chay Sit v Estate of Loo
Chay Loo, deceased [2010] 1 SLR 286 at [14] 73

##### Foot Note 73

×

DBOA, Tab 12.

as follows. The first defendant, as the party claiming that he owns the
Property, must establish his legal title to it. But in doing so he is entitled
to rely on the presumption of indefeasibility afforded to a registered owner
of a property under the LTA. All he needs to show, therefore, is that he is
the registered owner of the Property. The plaintiffs will then bear the legal
burden of establishing one of the limbs under s 46(2) so as to impugn the
first defendant’s title.

70 In this case, the parties did not dispute that the first defendant paid the
second defendant for the Property and is the current registered owner. The
first defendant enjoys indefeasibility of title unless the plaintiffs can show
one of the grounds prescribed under s 46(2). The plaintiffs relied on the
fraud exception under s 46(2)(a). There are two aspects to this analysis which
I shall deal with in turn. First, what is fraud under s 46(2)(a)? Second, who
does this fraud need to be perpetrated by?

71 The definition of fraud under s 46(2)(a) of the LTA is neatly encapsulated
in the following two passages in Bebe (at [22] and [34]):

22 … the mere failure to make further inquiries could not amount to wilful
blindness akin to fraud as there was no dishonesty, moral turpitude, want of
probity, or intent on the part of UOB’s solicitors to disregard the
respondent’s rights. At worse, as counsel contended, Ms Loo was guilty of
negligence or a failure to exercise due diligence. Counsel … [contended] that
a mere failure of UOB’s solicitors to be more vigilant and to make further
inquiries would not of itself prove fraud on their part unless their
suspicions that a fraud was being perpetrated had been aroused and they
abstained from doing so for fear of finding out the truth. … We accept
counsel’s submission that the evidence showed that the conduct of UOB’s
solicitors amounted to no more than negligence or lack of due diligence in
finding out the true state of affairs.

…

34 The hallmark of fraud is dishonesty or moral turpitude, which usually stems
from greed, and greed simply means taking something of value which does not
belong to you. ...

In other words, there must be either an actual intent to deceive or to be
dishonest, or there must be wilful blindness in the sense that the defendants’
suspicions were aroused but they did not take steps to find out more for fear
of discovering the truth. Negligence will not suffice.

72 As to the question of who the fraud must be perpetrated by, the plain words
of s 46(2)(a) make clear that the fraud must have been perpetrated by the
registered proprietor or his agent. This is again confirmed by Bebe, where the
Court of Appeal at [15] cited with approval the following passage from the
Privy Council decision of Assets Company, Limited v Mere Roihi [1905] AC 176
at 210:

Fraud by persons from whom [the registered proprietor] claims does not affect
him unless knowledge of it is brought home to him or his agents. The mere fact
that he might have found out fraud if he had been more vigilant, and had made
further inquiries which he omitted to make, does not of itself prove fraud on
his part. But if it be shewn that his suspicions were aroused, and that he
abstained from making inquiries for fear of learning the truth, the case is
very different, and fraud may be properly ascribed to him.

[emphasis added]

This passage and the above passages (at [71]) work hand in hand. Because only
fraud by the registered proprietor or his agents will suffice to fulfil the
requirement under s 46(2)(a), it follows that the mere failure to inquire
cannot satisfy the fraud requirement as the dishonesty will not have been
“brought home”. Only if the registered proprietor deliberately fails to
inquire despite being given a chance to find out the truth can the fraudulent
intention properly be inferred against him.

73 In the present case, the registered proprietor is the first defendant and
therefore the fraud must have been perpetuated by him or his agent. However,
the plaintiffs’ statement of claim and submissions disclose that the main
fraud that they complained of was that Kavena conveyed the Property a second
time in 1895 to the Hindoo Temple Trustees when he knew that he had no title
to transfer, because he had already transferred title to the Property to Jayna
in 1879. Among other things, the plaintiffs also alleged that the common
solicitors to the transactions failed to conduct proper title searches and
that the defendants ought to have known that Kavena had conveyed title to the
Property to Jayna who in turn conveyed it to Syed Allowei and finally to Syed
Ahmat. Hence, the alleged fraud lay in the defendants knowing that they did
not have title to the Property but continuing to insist that they did. 74

##### Foot Note 74

×

ABD, Tab 1, pp 10-11.

74 I did not accept these submissions. The plaintiffs were alleging that the
fraud in this case was in Kavena’s conveyance to the Hindoo Temple Trustees
(who in turn conveyed the Property to the second defendant, who then further
conveyed it to the first defendant). To begin with, there was no evidence that
Kavena’s conveyance were tainted by fraud. Apart from saying that the
solicitors to the conveyances were common to both sides, the plaintiffs did
not adduce any evidence to show that there was fraud involved when Kavena made
the transfer to the Hindoo Temple Trustees in 1895. To the extent that the
plaintiffs were saying that the common solicitors failed to conduct title
searches, this would not be fraud but merely negligence.

75 Even if Kavena’s conveyance to the Hindoo Temple Trustees was tainted by
fraud, there is absolutely no evidence that the second defendant knew of or
participated in this fraud. And although wilful blindness can lead to an
inference of fraud, I found that there was no such wilful blindness on the
part of the second defendant. The time interval between 1895 (when Kavena
conveyed the Property to the Hindoo Temple Trustees) and 1977 (when the Hindoo
Temple Trustees conveyed it to the second defendant) was about 82 years. It
was very unlikely that a conveyance some 82 years ago would arouse the
suspicions of the second defendant when the Property was conveyed to him,
especially since the plaintiffs could not show that there was any suggestion
of impropriety that had been specifically brought to the second defendant’s
attention. To the extent that the plaintiffs said that the second defendant
would have discovered Kavena’s fraud by looking into the historical
conveyances of the Property, this, again would amount to negligence or lack of
due diligence at most, which Bebe has made clear does not amount to fraud.

76 Given that I have found no fraud on the part of the second defendant, the
plaintiffs’ case against the first defendant similarly fails. The first
defendant is even further removed from the conveyances than the second
defendant and any fraud is simply too far away to tarnish him.

77 The plaintiffs’ entire case seemed to be founded on a misguided
understanding of the Torrens system. The plaintiffs’ submissions amounted to
saying that because they had an interest in the Property prior to it being
brought under the Torrens system, every subsequent registered proprietor of
the Property under the LTA must check afresh to see whether the plaintiffs had
an interest; otherwise they would have assumed title fraudulently. This would
make a mockery of the Torrens system and the indefeasibility of title that it
affords. In TSM Development Pte Ltd v Leonard Stephanie Celine née Pereira
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 721 (“TSM”), 75

##### Foot Note 75

×

DBOA, Tab 19.

the Court of Appeal was faced with a similar challenge but from an adverse
possessor. The court noted at [44] that interests in land which already
subsisted when that land was brought under the Torrens system would have to be
protected by lodging a caveat while the land is qualified. Once the land
becomes unqualified, then all unprotected interests which are not overriding
interests would be overreached. This was to ensure the integrity of the
Torrens system. In the present case, the plaintiffs did indeed lodge a caveat
but had allowed it to lapse. The first defendant’s title is now indefeasible
and the plaintiffs cannot impugn it based on the fact that it may have had an
interest in the Property prior to it being brought under the Torrens system.

78 Hence, even though the threshold for striking out a claim is high, I found
that it was met on these facts. The plaintiffs’ allegations of fraud were bare
assertions and the evidence did not indicate that there was fraud in the
conveyances of the Property to the defendants who were bona fide purchasers.
This is especially so in the face of the Torrens system which explicitly
precludes parties like the plaintiffs from going behind the indefeasibility of
title except in very limited circumstances. The plaintiffs’ claim fell far
outside these circumstances.

Conclusion

79 In summary, I affirmed the AR’s decision to strike out the plaintiffs’
claim on the following grounds:

(a) The action was clearly time-barred under s 9 (read with s 10) of the
Limitation Act as more than 12 years had passed since Kavena’s initial
transactions of 1895. Even if there were fraud and s 29 of the Limitation Act
applied to postpone the time limitation, it would have started to run from
1994. By then the trustees would have known of the purported fraud as Syed
Jafar had lodged a caveat with the Registry and threatened to take action
against the second defendant. The action would have been time-barred in 2006.

(b) The plaintiffs’ considerable delay in taking action after the discovery of
purported fraud in 1994 prejudiced the defendants who could avail themselves
of the defence of laches.

(c) The defendants, specifically the first defendant, had an indefeasible
title under the LTA. The plaintiffs could not show any evidence that there was
fraud in the defendants’ conveyances in 1977 and 2000.

80 Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal. I also ordered the plaintiffs to pay
to the defendants the costs of the appeal fixed at $16,000 (inclusive of
disbursements).

Tan Siong Thye  
Judge

Kirpal Singh s/o Hakam Singh and Oh Hsiu Leem Osborne (Kirpal & Associates)
for the plaintiffs;  
Tan Hsuan Boon (Wee Swee Teow LLP) for the defendants.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

