Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

In the high court of the of singapore

[2017] SGHC 88

Suit No 219 of 2016  
(Registrar’s Appeal No 315 of 2016)

Between

(1)| Liew Soon Fook Michael  
---|---  
(2)| Wong Siew Ying Esther @ Gui Mee Eng  
  
… Plaintiffs

And

| Yi Kai Development Pte Ltd  
---|---  
  
… Defendant

grounds of decision

[Civil Procedure] — [Striking Out]

* * *

This judgment is subject to final editorial corrections approved by the court
and/or redaction pursuant to the publisher’s duty in compliance with the law,
for publication in LawNet and/or the Singapore Law Reports.  
---  
  
Liew Soon Fook Michael and another

  

v

  

Yi Kai Development Pte Ltd

[2017] SGHC 88

High Court — Suit No 219 of 2016 (Registrar’s Appeal No 315 of 2016)  
Hoo Sheau Peng JC  
19 September 2016, 7 October 2016, 23 January 2017

20 April 2017

Hoo Sheau Peng JC:

Introduction

1 In this action, the plaintiffs, Liew Soon Fook Michael and Wong Siew Ying
Esther (“the Plaintiffs”), claimed that there was a substantial shortfall in
the floor area of a “cluster house” which they purchased from the defendant-
developer, Yi Kai Development Pte Ltd (“YKD”). The Plaintiffs alleged that the
shortfall in floor area arose because as promised, the “cluster house” should
have a roof garden, whereas when constructed, it only had a sloping roof
structure. YKD’s position was that the transaction was based on the strata
area of the “cluster house”, not its floor area. There was no substantial
shortfall in the strata area, the computation of which properly included the
area of the sloping roof structure. There was no promise of a roof garden, and
in any case, the floor area was made known to the Plaintiffs.

2 Pursuant to YKD’s application under Order 18 Rule 19 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R5, 2014 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) (“the striking out application”), the
learned Assistant Registrar Chan Wei Sern Paul (“the AR”) struck out the
action. The Plaintiffs appealed against the decision.

3 After hearing the parties, I dismissed the appeal. The Plaintiffs have
appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons.

Background

4 YKD was the developer of a freehold cluster housing strata development known
as Centurion Residences. A strata landed unit in such developments is
sometimes referred to as a “cluster house”, and for convenience, I use this
term in my grounds of decision (including at [1] above). There are 15 cluster
houses in Centurion Residences, including the cluster house in dispute which
is located at 3B Puay Hee Avenue, Singapore 347467 (“the Unit”).

5 Sometime in 2007, YKD began marketing efforts to sell the cluster houses at
Centurion Residences. At that time, the construction of the development had
not been completed. YKD prepared a brochure which was made available at YKD’s
showroom and given to the Plaintiffs (“the Brochure”). The Brochure included
the following:

(a) The artist’s impressions of Centurion Residences. In particular, all the
cluster houses were shown to have sloping roof structures;

(b) The floor plans for each cluster house. With respect to the Unit, the
Brochure contained the floor plans for the basement, the first and second
storeys, and the attic. The following text appeared on the same page as the
floor plans for the Unit:

Unit 3B

477 sq.m./5132.52 sq.ft.

Inclusive of PES, Bay Window, Yard, A/C Ledge, Planter, Roof Garden & Private
Carpark

[emphasis added]

(c) Building specifications. The penultimate page of the Brochure provided
information on building specifications. Para 6.2.2(a) stated that
“Ceramic/Homogeneous tiles” were used for the “Roof garden/Terrace”, while
para 8.3 stated that “Powder coated aluminium or UPVC frame glass door” was
used for the “Roof Garden/Terrace”.

(d) A disclaimer. The following was printed at the back of the Brochure:

Whilst every reasonable care has been taken in preparing this brochure, the
developer and its agents cannot be held responsible for any inaccuracies. All
statements are believed to be correct but are not to be regarded as statements
of representations of fact…All plans are subject to any amendments approved or
may be approved by the relevant authority. All art renderings and
illustrations contained in this brochure are artist’s impressions and
photographs are only decor suggestions and none can be regarded as
representations of fact. Floor areas are approximate measurements and subject
to final survey.

6 On 5 June 2007, in consideration of a booking fee of $138,950, YKD granted
to the Plaintiffs an option to purchase the Unit for $2.779m (“the Option”).
Should the Option not be exercised within 14 days, only 75% of the booking fee
would be refunded. In other words, the sum of $34,737.50 would be forfeited.

7 On 12 June 2007, YKD’s conveyancing lawyers issued a letter to the
Plaintiffs’ conveyancing lawyers enclosing copies of the following documents:

(a) the sale and purchase agreement in respect of the Unit (“the SPA”), the
relevant terms of which are set out in [10] below;

(b) the certificate of strata area dated 20 April 2007 issued by the
registered surveyor (“the Certificate of Strata Area”), which set out the
strata area of each cluster house within the development, and specified that
the strata area of the Unit was 478m2, although this was “provisional and
subject to alteration on final survey”; and

(c) the schedule of strata units dated 17 April 2007 (“the Schedule of Strata
Units”) accepted by the Building and Construction Authority (“the BCA”) under
s 11 of the Building Management and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2004 Ed)
(“the BMSMA”). The Schedule of Strata Units described the Unit as a “Detached
House” with the total “floor area” of 391m2, and a “share value” of 12 out of
the “aggregate share value” of 153 allotted to the development.

8 Further, the Schedule of Strata Units provided a breakdown of the total
floor area of 391m2 of the Unit, by setting out the floor area of each level
of the Unit in a table as follows:

FLOOR AREA (M2)  
---  
Basement| 119| includes car park 37, garden 15  
1st sty| 147| includes PES 82, yard 2excludes void/duct 6  
2nd sty| 68| excludes ledge 10, duct 0.4  
attic & roof level plan| 57| includes planter 3excludes roof 71  
  
[emphasis added]

9 While the Plaintiffs stated that they received the letter of 12 June 2007
from YKD’s conveyancing lawyers, the Plaintiffs claimed that they did not
receive the Schedule of Strata Units “until a later date”. I shall deal with
this contention at [46] below. For now, it is worth highlighting that the
difference between the strata area of 478m2 (as reflected in the Certificate
of Strata Area) and the floor area of 391m2 (as reflected in the Schedule of
Strata Units) is made up mainly of the area of the “roof” of 71m2 on the
“attic & roof level plan”.

10 On 13 July 2007, the Plaintiffs exercised the Option and entered into the
SPA with YKD. The SPA comprised 20 clauses and four Schedules. In the SPA, the
Unit is defined as “the house in the Housing Project as described in Schedule
B”. Schedule B of the SPA stated that:

(a) the Unit was “[t]he unit in the Housing Project known as 3B Puay Hee
Avenue, Centurion Residences, Singapore comprising an estimated strata floor
area of 478 square metres (including PES, bay window, yard, a/c ledge,
planter, roof garden, private car park, where applicable) as shown in the
registered land surveyor’s certificate on strata area” [emphasis added];

(b) the “Unit Purchase Price” was “$5,813.81 per square metre”; and

(c) the “Share Value allotted to the Unit” was “12/153”.

11 Clauses 18.2 and 18.3 of the SPA are also relevant. For present purposes,
cl 18.2 essentially provided that should any shortfall in area be discovered
“on completion of the title survey as approved by the Chief Surveyor”, the
Plaintiffs have the right to an adjustment in the purchase price according to
cl 18.3. Under cl 18.3, there would be a reduction in the purchase price for
any deficiency in area which is “in excess of 3% of the area stated in the
[SPA]”, calculated “at the amount as stated in Schedule B per square metre of
deficiency”, ie, “$5,813.81 per square metre”.

12 Sometime in early 2010, the construction of Centurion Residences was
completed, and the temporary occupation permit for the Unit was issued on 11
March 2010. It was not disputed that as constructed, the Unit had a sloping
roof structure, and not a roof garden. On 28 September 2010, the Singapore
Land Authority (“the SLA”) approved the final strata title survey plan of
Centurion Residences carried out by the registered surveyor, which certified
the strata area of the Unit to be 472m2 (“the Final Survey”), including the
strata area of 69m2 for the roof. On 15 December 2010, the SLA issued the
subsidiary strata certificate of title, which confirmed that the strata area
of the Unit was 472m2. The certificate of statutory completion was issued on
27 December 2010.

The action

13 On 8 March 2016, the Plaintiffs commenced the action against YKD, relying
on the twin causes of action of negligent misrepresentation and breach of
contract. In the Statement of Claim, the Plaintiffs pleaded that from the
contents of the Brochure, YKD had represented to the Plaintiffs that the Unit
would be 477m2 in floor area inclusive of an accessible roof garden. Thus
induced, and acting in reliance of the representations, the Plaintiffs entered
into the SPA. However, the representations were false. The Unit did not have a
roof garden, but had the sloping roof structure which was generally
inaccessible and unusable. The area of the roof should not count towards floor
area. As for the breach of contract claim, the Plaintiffs pleaded that
Schedule B of the SPA provided for “an estimated strata floor area of 478
square metres (including PES, bay window, yard, a/c ledge, planter, roof
garden, private car park, where applicable)” [emphasis added]. The shortfall
in floor area and the failure to provide a roof garden constituted material
breaches of the SPA. Therefore, the Plaintiffs alleged that they had overpaid
YKD for the Unit. The Plaintiffs sought $401,152.89 in damages for the alleged
shortfall of 69m2 in floor area, interest and costs.

The striking out application

14 In its Defence filed on 31 March 2006, the Defendants denied the claims.
Further, on 1 June 2016, YKD filed the striking out application. YKD
contended, inter alia, that the Brochure did not contain any clear and
unambiguous representations as to the floor area of the Unit, or that there
would be a roof garden. In any event, YKD argued that the Plaintiffs’
misrepresentation claim was time-barred. On the breach of contract claim, YKD
asserted that the SPA did not contain any terms as to the floor area of the
Unit, or that there would be a roof garden. Instead, the SPA clearly provided
that the transaction would be based on the strata area of the Unit. In
accordance with the contractual provisions, YKD had delivered the Unit with
the strata area as stipulated in the SPA. The Plaintiffs’ action was “plainly
and obviously unsustainable”, and should be struck out under O 18 r 19(1) of
the ROC. In response, the Plaintiffs contended that YKD’s striking out
application should be dismissed as it could not be said that any of the
grounds in O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC applied.

The decision below

15 The AR struck out the action. On the Plaintiffs’ misrepresentation claim,
the AR found that the Brochure did not contain any clear and unequivocal
representation that the floor area of the Unit was 477m2. While there might
have been a clear representation as to the presence of a roof garden in the
Unit, any such representation would only have induced the Plaintiffs to enter
into the Option but not the SPA. However, the Plaintiffs’ claim, as stated in
their Statement of Claim, was that YKD’s misrepresentations had induced them
to enter into the SPA, not the Option. The AR did not decide on the point
whether the Plaintiffs’ misrepresentation claim was time-barred. As for the
breach of contract claim, the AR could not discern any express terms in the
SPA that provided for an accessible roof garden or that the floor area would
be 477m2, and hence found the Plaintiff’s claim unsustainable. Thereafter, the
matter came before me on appeal.

The legal principles on striking out

16 The parties did not dispute the legal principles applicable to a striking-
out application, which are well-settled. Pleadings may be struck out on any of
the grounds stated in the four limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC.

17 YKD cited all four limbs of O 18 r 19(1), but its submissions appeared to
focus primarily on the limb in r 19(1)(b), ie, that the pleading is
“scandalous, frivolous or vexatious”. YKD’s repeated assertions were that the
Plaintiffs’ claims were “plainly and obviously unsustainable”, a phrase which
is generally articulated in relation to the words “frivolous or vexatious” in
r 19(1)(b): see The Bunga Melati 5 [2012] 4 SLR 546 (“Bunga Melati”) at [32].
The Court of Appeal explained in Bunga Melati at [39] that a “plainly or
obviously sustainable” action is one that is either:

(a) Legally unsustainable: if “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”; or

(b) Factually unsustainable: if it is “possible to say with confidence before
trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is entirely
without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that the
statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material on
which it is based”.

Therefore, pleadings may be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) if it is clear
that they are legally or factually unsustainable.

18 I should add that when a defendant is faced with a claim which is time-
barred due to the expiry of the relevant limitation period, the claim may be
struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(b) on the basis that the claim is “frivolous and
vexatious”, or under O 18 r 19(1)(d) that it would otherwise be “an abuse of
the process of the Court”: Jeffrey Pinsler SC, Singapore Court Practice 2017
(LexisNexis), 804-805. A claim is necessarily legally unsustainable if the
relevant limitation period has elapsed, while the judicial process may not be
used to enforce a claim which is time-barred by statute.

My decision

19 In summary, I agreed with the AR’s decision. In my view, the Plaintiffs’
misrepresentation claim was time-barred, and thus appropriate to be struck out
under O 18 r 19(1)(b) for being “frivolous or vexatious”, or under r 19(1)(d)
for otherwise being “an abuse of the process of the Court”. Moreover, I had
grave doubts as to the sustainability of the misrepresentation claim. As for
the breach of contract claim, I did not find any term in the SPA providing
that the Unit would have a roof garden, or a floor area of 478m2. Thus, the
Plaintiffs’ claim was plainly and obviously unsustainable. Hence, I found it
appropriate to strike out the breach of contract claim under O 18 r 19(1)(b)
as well. I shall expand on my analysis of each of the Plaintiffs’ claims
shortly.

A preliminary issue: The computation of strata area in a cluster housing
development

20 Before going there, I should state that in the course of the hearing, I
sought clarification whether the area of a roof of a cluster house (which is
ordinarily inaccessible and unusable) may be computed as strata area. In their
further submissions dealing with this point, the parties were in agreement
that the answer to my query is “yes”. The parties also helpfully provided
information on cluster housing developments, and the practice of computing
strata area for a cluster house which I now set out.

21 To start, while a cluster house is a type of “landed” property, a purchaser
of a cluster house obtains a strata title. There appears to be no statutory
definition of “strata area”. However, “stratum” is defined under s 3 of the
Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, Rev Ed 2009) to mean:

any part of land consisting of a space of any shape below, on or above the
surface of the land, or partly below and partly above the surface of the land,
the dimensions of which are delineated;

[emphasis added]

The roof of a cluster house can form a “stratum”, being any part of land
consisting of a space above the surface of the land. Thus, it appears that its
area can form strata area.

22 YKD further explained that the method of survey applicable to cluster
houses is now expressly referred to in the CS Directive on Cadastral Survey
Practices (version 4, February 2015) issued by the SLA (“the CS Directive”),
which sets out the procedures and practice relating to the conduct of
cadastral surveys. Specifically, para 5.13 provides the guiding principles in
relation to the strata survey of buildings in cluster housing developments.
According to para 5.13, unlike for conventional strata units, the “strata
area” for cluster houses can include “open void space within the airspace of
box format of the house”. A roof constitutes such an “open void space”, and
may therefore be included in the computation of “strata area” for a cluster
house. Although para 5.13 was only formally incorporated into the CS Directive
in March 2009, it appears that the guiding principles formed prevailing
practice in April 2007 when the Certificate of Strata Area was issued for
Centurion Residences.

23 Thus, it was not disputed by the parties that there is no practice, rule or
principle against including the area of the roof when computing the strata
area of a cluster house, although it does not appear to be mandatory to do so.
In fact, the Plaintiffs produced an e-mail from their registered surveyor who
stated the view that “[r]oof area can be calculated as strata area if the
intention is to delineate the roof as non-common property”.

24 As YKD explained, a cluster house has its own attached roof, whereas a
conventional strata unit shares its roof as common property with other strata
units on various levels. Including the roof within the computation of a
cluster house’s strata area means that the roof is not common property, and
that the owner has exclusive ownership of the roof. The owner may use the roof
for his own benefit (although the uses may be limited in scope), and the owner
is also solely responsible for its maintenance and repair. If, in consultation
with the developer and the surveyor, the roof of a cluster house is not
included in the strata area, then the roof would necessarily constitute common
property – which then falls to be used, maintained and repaired by the
management corporation of the development.

25 For completeness, it should be noted that the schedule of strata units
required under s 11 of the BMSMA is meant to ascribe the share value for each
strata lot within a development, so as to determine the owner’s voting right
and liability for contribution towards various funds. For the purpose of
computing the share value of each strata lot in a development, the floor area
of each strata lot is used. The area of a roof would be excluded from the
computation of floor area, whereas the area of a roof terrace or roof garden
would be included in the floor area.

26 Indeed, I found that the further information was useful to provide the
context to the case. Returning to the present facts, the Certificate of Strata
Area included the area of the roof as strata area of the Unit. Thereafter, the
Final Survey (which was approved by the SLA) and the subsidiary strata
certificate of title also included the area of the roof as strata area.
However, the Schedule of Strata Units (as accepted by BCA) indicated that the
void, duct and roof areas were excluded from the computation of the Unit’s
floor area. Nonetheless, I should reiterate that the main bone of contention
between the parties was whether floor area or strata area was the basis for
the transaction. There was no disagreement that it was in order for the area
of the roof to be computed as part of the strata area of the Unit.

Whether the misrepresentation claim was sustainable

27 With this background in mind, I go to the Plaintiffs’ claim that YKD had
misrepresented in the Brochure that the Unit would have a roof garden and a
floor area of 477m2. Regardless of the substantive merits, it was clear to me
that the claim was time-barred.

28 In this regard, YKD pointed to s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163,
1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”), which provides that actions founded on a
contract or on tort “shall not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from
the date on which the cause of action accrued”. Relying on Lian Kok Hong v Ow
Wah Foong [2008] 4 SLR(4) 165 at [24] (“Lian Kok Hong”), YKD contended that in
a claim for a tort founded on a single wrong requiring proof of damage, the
cause of action “accrue[s] when the damage occurs”. Citing Chitty on
Contracts, vol 1, (Hugh Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2015) at para
28-034 (“Chitty on Contracts”), it was further argued that the purported
damage occurred when the Plaintiffs entered into the SPA on 13 July 2007, when
the Plaintiffs were obliged to “overpay” for the Unit. Time started to run
then, and the Plaintiffs were out of time when the action was commenced.

29 In response, the Plaintiffs did not point to any authority. However, it was
pleaded in the Reply filed on 13 April 2016 that “the cause of action arises
from the date of completion of building works which would be from the date of
obtaining [the] Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) or the Certificate of
Statutory Completion (“CSC”) [emphasis added].” Further, in their written
submissions, the Plaintiffs contended that “the limitation period would run
from the TOP whereupon the breach was first discovered, and not from the SPA
where the unit was yet to be built” [emphasis added].

30 Upon consideration, I agreed with YKD that where a cause of action is based
on a single tort, requiring proof of damage, the cause of action accrued when
damage occurred. Lian Kok Hong makes this clear. Insofar as the Plaintiffs
seemed to suggest that the cause of action accrued at a time after damage
occurred, that would not be the correct position in law.

31 In relation to the tort of negligent misrepresentation, failing any other
specific damages allegedly suffered, it appears to me that damage would occur
when the contract is entered into: Chitty on Contracts, at para 28-034. I
noted that in support of this proposition, YKD also cited Green v Eadie [2012]
2 WLR 510, where the plaintiff-purchaser brought a claim in negligent
misrepresentation against the vendor for having falsely represented that the
property included a strip of land. In that case, the court held at [45]-[53]
that the damage occurred upon the plaintiff entering into the “flawed
transaction”.

32 Applying these legal principles to the present facts, I agreed with YKD
that the damage would have occurred, at the latest, when the Plaintiffs
entered into the SPA, and that the cause of action accrued then. I elaborate.
Supposing that the Plaintiffs successfully established the elements of the
misrepresentation claim as pleaded, the damage to the Plaintiffs would in fact
have occurred at the time that the Plaintiffs became contractually bound to
“overpay” for a property without a roof garden and of about 478m2 in strata
area, when they believed that it would have a roof garden and 477m2 in floor
area in reliance on the Brochure’s representations. By then, the cause of
action was complete.

33 It was clear that more than six years had elapsed between the parties
entering into the SPA on 13 July 2007, and the Plaintiffs’ commencement of the
action on 8 March 2016. The Plaintiffs’ claim in misrepresentation was
therefore time-barred under s 6(1) of the Limitation Act.

34 I turn to the Plaintiffs’ contention in the written submissions (set out at
[29]) that time began running upon the discovery of the breaches. I should add
that the Plaintiffs did not specifically rely on s 24A(3)(b) of the Limitation
Act. Where the damage is “latent”, s 24A(3)(b) sets the limitation period at
three years from the date on which the plaintiff first had both the knowledge
required for bringing the action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action. Even assuming that the provision is
applicable, more than three years had elapsed since the temporary occupation
permit was obtained on 11 March 2010, or the certificate of statutory
completion was issued on 27 December 2010, when the Plaintiffs claimed to have
discovered the matter. Further, in relation to the claims, the Plaintiffs had
engaged their own registered surveyor, and obtained a survey report of the
Unit dated 25 January 2013, stating that the floor area of the Unit was 403m2.
Again, this was more than three years prior to the commencement of the action.

35 In light of the above, I found that the Plaintiffs’ claim in
misrepresentation was time-barred under s 6(1) of the Limitation Act. Even on
the alternative basis under s 24A(3)(b), the claim would have been time-
barred. Therefore, I found it appropriate to strike out the claim under O 18 r
19(1)(b) on the basis that it was “frivolous and vexatious”, as well as under
r 19(1)(d) that it would otherwise be “an abuse of the process of the Court”.

36 While it is not necessary for me to go into the substance of the
misrepresentation claim, I nonetheless wish to briefly state that I had
concerns as to whether the claim was sustainable even if it were not time-
barred. To reiterate, the Plaintiffs pointed to the page of the Brochure which
stated “477 sq.m./5132.52 sq.ft.” and the phrase “[i]nclusive of… roof garden”
under the floor plans of the Unit, and argued that they had relied on these
representations and were thus induced to enter into the SPA. Further, the
Plaintiffs pointed to the page of the Brochure which contained the building
specifications which also mentioned the types of tiles and doors used for the
“Roof Garden/Terrace”.

37 Thus, the Plaintiffs argued that it was represented in the Brochure that
the Unit would be 477m2 in floor area and would have a roof garden. In my
view, it was neither clear nor unambiguous that the portion “477 sq.m./5132.52
sq.ft.”, taken on its own or in the context of the other information in the
Brochure, referred to floor area rather than strata area. As for the purported
representation of the presence of the roof garden, while the Brochure stated
the building specifications for “Roof Garden/Terrace”, it was not disputed
that the Unit included a small roof terrace using materials as stated in the
building specifications. Admittedly, there was the line stating “[i]nclusive
of… roof garden”. However, the Unit’s floor plans did not depict a roof
garden, and the artist’s impressions of Centurion Residences showed sloping
roof structures for all the cluster houses. Thus, again, I came to the view
that from the Brochure, it was neither clear nor unambiguous that the Unit
would have a roof garden.

38 Even if the Brochure could be said to clearly contain such representations,
I did not accept that the Plaintiffs relied on any of them so as to be induced
to enter into the SPA. Quite apart from the disclaimer set out in [5(d)], as I
explain in [41]-[ 46] below, the SPA and the Certificate of Strata Area stated
that the Unit would be 478m2 in strata area, while the Schedule of Strata
Units provided a breakdown of the Unit’s floor area. Any misrepresentation
made in the Brochure would have been corrected by the SPA, the Certificate of
Strata Area and the Schedule of Strata Units which were sent to the
Plaintiffs’ conveyancing lawyers. Prior to entering into the SPA, the
Plaintiffs should have been advised on these documents by their conveyancing
lawyers.

39 While the Plaintiffs might have relied on the Brochure to obtain the grant
of the Option, thereafter, the Plaintiffs need not have proceeded with the SPA
(albeit with the consequential forfeiture of a portion of the booking fee as
set out at [6] for which the Plaintiffs might have been able to lodge a claim
against YKD). The claim that the Plaintiffs relied on the representations to
enter into the SPA was simply unsustainable, and in turn, the
misrepresentation claim was unsustainable.

Whether the breach of contract claim was sustainable

40 Next, I turn to the breach of contract claim. Schedule B of the SPA, as set
out at [10(a)] above, stated that the Unit “comprise[d] an estimated strata
floor area of 478 square metres (including PES, bay window, yard, a/c ledge,
planter, roof garden, private car park, where applicable) as shown in the
registered land surveyor’s certificate on strata area” [emphasis added]. The
Plaintiffs relied on this description to argue that they had contracted for a
unit with a floor area of 478m2 and an accessible roof garden, and that YKD
had breached the SPA by failing to deliver such a unit.

41 The slight difficulty in the present case is the use of the phrase “strata
floor area” in Schedule B of the SPA, giving rise to the contention by the
Plaintiffs that this meant “floor area” which is meant to be usable space,
rather than “strata area”. In other words, if the phrase “strata floor area”
meant floor area as the Plaintiffs argued, then YKD would have breached the
terms of the SPA by delivering a unit with only 403m2 of floor area. The
shortfall of 69m2 in floor area would exceed the allowance of 3% deviation
from the 478m2 stipulated in the SPA, entitling the Plaintiffs to a reduction
in the purchase price of the Unit under cl 18.3 read with Schedule B of the
SPA, at a rate of $5,813.81 per square metre of floor area in shortfall.

42 On the other hand, if the phrase “strata floor area” meant strata area as
YKD argued, then it would have been proper for YKD to include the roof area of
69m2 within the 478m2 figure stipulated in Schedule B. The total strata area
was certified in the final survey to be 472m2, and this fell within the 3%
deviation from 478m2 permitted under cl 18.3 of the SPA. Accordingly, there
would have been no breach of contract.

43 In interpreting the provision in Schedule B, I reiterate that the Unit’s
“estimated strata floor area of 478 square metres” was said to be “as shown in
the registered land surveyor’s certificate on strata area”. It was clearly
stated that the “registered land surveyor’s certificate” was in relation to
“strata area”. Further, it was not disputed that the certificate meant the
Certificate of Strata Area which was provided to the Plaintiffs on 12 June
2007 along with the SPA, and that the SPA specifically incorporated the
Certificate of Strata Area. The Certificate of Strata Area, as its title
suggested, clearly certified the “Strata Area” of the Unit to be 478m2,
subject to final survey. To my mind, this made the phrase “strata floor area”
clear and unambiguous on its face; it plainly referred to the Unit’s strata
area.

44 As such, I could not accept the Plaintiffs’ contention that the Plaintiffs’
interpretation should be preferred in light of the application of the contra
proferentem rule against YKD as the party who drafted the SPA. The present
facts are distinguishable from those in the case of Fortune Realty Pte Ltd v
Lim Sai Kang [2002] SGHC 59 cited by the Plaintiffs, where the contra
proferentem rule was applied in the interpretation of the sale and purchase
agreement which was ambiguous as to the inclusion of an accessory lot. Here,
there was no ambiguity when the SPA and the Certificate of Strata Area – to
which the SPA made express reference – were considered together. There was no
need for the contra proferentem rule to be applied.

45 Further, YKD’s interpretation of “strata floor area” to mean strata area
was confirmed by the Schedule of Strata Units. As I explain at [47] below, I
was satisfied that the Schedule of Strata Units could be used as extrinsic
evidence to aid the interpretation of the contractual language, even in the
absence of ambiguity. The Schedule of Strata Units stipulated the Unit’s
“floor area” to be 391m2 once certain areas, including the roof, were excluded
from the calculation. Such areas, once added back to the floor area of 391m2,
would result in 478m2 being the “strata area”. This confirmed that the “strata
floor area” in fact meant “strata area”, as YKD submitted.

46 I turn to deal with the Plaintiffs’ claim that they did not receive the
Schedule of Strata Units “until a much later date”, and presumably not around
12 June 2007. I noted that the Plaintiffs did not specify when they received
the document. Although YKD’s conveyancing lawyers filed an affidavit to state
that the Schedule of Strata Units was in fact provided to the Plaintiffs along
with the Certificate of Strata Area and copies of the SPA on 12 June 2007,
there was no evidence adduced from the Plaintiffs’ conveyancing lawyers to the
contrary. The Schedule of Strata Units was clearly listed as an attached
document on the cover letter from YKD’s conveyancing lawyers to the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors. Schedule B of the SPA specifically referred to the
share value of the Unit as “12/153”. Thus, it would have been necessary to
furnish the Schedule of Strata Units together with the SPA so as to allow the
Plaintiffs and their conveyancing lawyers to confirm the share value of the
Unit. I accepted that the Schedule of Strata Units was furnished on 12 June
2007.

47 I should add that the parties did not raise the issue of the admissibility
and use of the Schedule of Strata Units as extrinsic evidence to aid the
interpretation of the SPA. In any event, I found that the requirements
enunciated by the Court of Appeal in Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“Zurich
Insurance”) at [125], [128]-[129] and [132] were met, so as to allow the
document to be used for the purpose. To explain, the Schedule of Strata Units
(and its tabulation of floor area) was relevant to the interpretation of the
term “strata floor area” in Schedule B of the SPA. As observed at [46] above,
it was available to all parties, and it related to the clear and obvious
context of the contract. The Schedule of Strata Units was also not used to
contradict or vary the contractual language, but merely to “illuminate” it
(see Zurich Insurance at [122] and [132(f)]).Therefore, nothing precluded the
use of the Schedule of Strata Units as extrinsic evidence to confirm that
“strata floor area” in fact meant “strata area” as YKD submitted.

48 Apart from the alleged shortfall in floor area, the Plaintiffs also argued
that YKD breached the terms of the SPA by failing to provide an accessible
roof garden as part of the Unit. I did not find that any term in the SPA
provided that the Unit would have a roof garden. In support of their argument,
the Plaintiffs again pointed to Schedule B of the SPA which stated that the
Unit “compris[ed] an estimated strata floor area of 478 square metres
(including PES, bay window, yard, a/c ledge, planter, roof garden, private car
park, where applicable)” [emphasis added]. The Plaintiffs submitted that this
meant that the Unit was to include a roof garden, and that the phrase “where
applicable” was only in reference to the “private car park” which preceded it.

49 I could not accept the Plaintiffs’ strained reading of this provision. I
agreed with YKD that the phrase “where applicable” was in reference to all of
the Unit’s listed features including a “roof garden”, and not just the
“private car park”. Since there was no term in the SPA providing for a roof
garden, it was clear that YKD’s failure to include a roof garden as part of
the Unit could not have amounted to a breach of contract.

50 To sum up, the transaction was based on strata area, and not the floor area
of the Unit. There was no substantial shortfall of strata area. The
Plaintiffs’ breach of contract claim was plainly and obviously unsustainable.
As this met the “frivolous or vexatious” threshold under O 18 r 19(1)(b) of
the ROC, I held that the claim was properly struck out.

Conclusion

51 For the above reasons, I affirmed the AR’s decision to strike out the
action, and dismissed the appeal. I ordered costs of the appeal to be fixed at
$6,000 with reasonable disbursements to be paid by the Plaintiffs to YKD.

Hoo Sheau Peng  
Judicial Commissioner

Carolyn Tan Beng Hui and Au Thye Chuen (Tan & Au LLP) for the plaintiffs;  
Chan Hock Keng, Ong Pei Chin and Hong Jia (WongPartnership LLP) for the
defendant.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 1: 27 Oct 2020 (22:40 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

